Kyrgyzstan was tonight in the grip of a bloody ethnic war after rioting that erupted four days ago in the southern city of Osh spread rapidly to other areas , with gun battles raging between Kyrgyz and Uzbek youths .
The country 's interim government granted its security forces shoot - to - kill powers and promised to send a volunteer force to the region .
But the violence continued , taking the death toll since Thursday night to more than 100 .
At least 1,100 have been wounded in what are the country 's worst ethnic clashes for 20 years .
Mobs of Kyrgyz men were yesterday burning Uzbek villages slaughtering residents and storming police stations , witnesses said .
Thousands of terrified ethnic
Uzbeks flooded to the nearby border with Uzbekistan after their homes were destroyed .
Witnesses reported that women and children were gunned down as they tried to escape .
Kyrgyzstan opened its crossing with Uzbekistan , but many refugees appeared to be stuck .
While the situation in Osh was said last night to be stabilising , rampages broke out in Jalal - Abad , another major southern city , 40 km away , and in surrounding villages .
Gunfire echoed across the city , despite heavy rain , as mobs set fire to Uzbek houses , stores and cafes .
The rioters seized an armoured vehicle and automatic weapons from a local military unit .
At one point they tried to storm the hospital .
Gangs of youths marauded through the streets , the Kyrgyz agency AKIpress reported , blockading the centre of town with barricades .
There was also intense fighting at the city 's university .
" Gunfire on the streets is continuing , " Jalil Saparov , a local journalist in Jalal - Abad , told the news website 24.kg .
" There are no patrols , no government forces , just continuous shooting .
It 's clear those forces and means at the disposal of the regional authorities are completely inadequate . "
Tonight Kyrgyz soldiers were trying to disperse rioters in Osh by firing in the air .
Much of the city , Kyrgyzstan 's second largest , has been destroyed , with entire Uzbek neighbourhoods razed .
Triumphant crowds of Kyrgyz men took to the streets , while the few remaining Uzbeks barricaded themselves in their homes .
Eyewitnesses said bodies lay among the rubble , and were starting to smell .
Most of the victims appeared to be Uzbek .
At least one Pakistani student in Osh was killed during the rioting , and 15 others taken hostage , Pakistan 's foreign ministry said .
Food supplies had run out , and there was no gas or electricity .
" They are killing us with impunity , " retired builder Habibullah Khurulayev told Reuters .
" The police are doing nothing ...
They are helping them kill us .
There are not many of us left to shoot . "
Khurulayev said police had refused to escort Uzbeks to the border six miles away , and added that Uzbeks were defending themselves with hunting rifles .
Kyrgyzstan 's interim leader Rosa Otunbaeva has blamed the country 's ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev for instigating the unrest .
Last month his supporters briefly seized government buildings in Jalal - Abad and other areas .
Bakiyev – who fled in April after his troops shot dead 85 unarmed protesters – said claims he ordered the disturbances were " shameless lies " .
" The Kyrgyz republic is on the verge of losing its statehood .
People are dying and no one from the current authorities is in a position to protect them , " he said from Belarus .
In reality , the pro-Bakiyev movement in south Kyrgyzstan has quickly morphed into a violent ethnic conflict .
Most of the Uzbeks support the new interim leadership .
In the absence of any meaningful government , long - simmering ethnic tensions appear to have exploded , fanned by criminal conflicts .
There are fears among other central Asian nations that the ethnic slaughter could spread .
It will also concern the US , which operates a military base near the capital , Bishkek , supplying troops in Afghanistan .
The US Embassy in Kyrgyzstan deplored the ongoing violence and called for the " immediate restoration of order and a respect for rule of law " .
On Saturday Otunbayeva appealed to the Kremlin to send troops to restore order .
Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , refused , saying the rioting was an " internal conflict " , though he did send a battalion of paratroopers with the sole responsibility of reinforcing security at Russia 's airbase in Kant , in the north of the country .
He will discuss how to respond to the crisis later tomorrow with regional allies .
The toll of dead and injured is likely to rise sharply , with many Uzbeks too terrified to travel to hospitals .
According to the Associated Press , citing local officials , Kyrgyz mobs killed about 30 Uzbeks today in the village of Suzak in the Jalal - Abad region .
Another Uzbek village , Dostuk , was burned by Kyrgyz assailants , but it was not known how many people were killed there .
Ethnic Uzbeks ambushed about 100 Kyrgyz men on a road near Jalal - Abad and took them hostage , officials said .
Vehicles on the main highway near Jalal - Abad repeatedly came under fire from unidentified gunmen .
In the nearby village of Bazar - Kurgan , a mob of 400 Uzbeks overturned cars and killed a police captain .
Residents said armed Kyrgyz men were flooding into the village to retaliate .
The fertile Ferghana Valley , where Osh and Jalal - Abad are located , once belonged to a single feudal lord , but it was split by Soviet dictator Josef Stalin between Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan .
The Stalinist borders rekindled old rivalries and fomented ethnic tensions .
In 1990 , hundreds were killed in a violent land dispute between Kyrgyz and Uzbeks in Osh , and only the quick deployment of Soviet troops quelled the fighting .
With no Russian troops in sight , the interim government late on Saturday night announced a partial mobilisation of military reservists up to 50 years old .
Heheh good point .
But whereas the " all you can eat " says exactly that -- all YOU can eat -- it 's already very specific to the YOU and is also very obviously not " all You AND Your Friends can eat " and this is not presented ( and presentation here is everything ) as " unlimited data for one device " and even if it were , they do n't really mean " unlimited " .
And , believe it or not , I 'm not complaing about the extra fee for the HTC , or even the extra fee for the Hot Spot .
Truly .
( Given our current plan and the changes that we'd make to it once we can get the EVOs , we 'll only be spending a mere $ 2.00 more per month total to have the two Evos and to be able to use both of 'em as hot spots vs. our current two Pres + one USB 3g connection + one additional line we should have dropped 8 months ago . )
I just object to frustration involved in trying to uncover what the actual limitations are on these beasts when they 're all billed as " unlimited " .
{ sigh} I really just want forthright statements .
With this $ amount you get up to x GB / mo for x devices .
With that $ amount you get up to xx GB / mo for y devices .
None of this " unlimited " bs .
We all KNOW nothing is really unlimited , ever , anywhere .
I mean , really .
And just think how many forums posts and rants and customer raves would be saved if only they all stated very clearly what the limits are vs. trying to use sleight of hand to cloud the issue ?
With the " unlimited data " on our current plan ( Palm Pres , Everyting Family ) there 's a limit on that " unlimited " of 5 GB / mo per line .
I 'm sure theres a limit on the " unlimited " for the extra $ 10 / mo we 'll pay for the HTC EVO 4G , but I do n't see that published anywhere .
I 'm sure that with the extra $ for the " unlimited " on the Hot Spot , there 's a limit there too , but I do n't see that published anywhere either .
So if we keep our plan and get the Evos , and add on the hot spots , we would have " 3 x unlimited " but really , there 's a limit .
But what is it ?
Maybe I just need to get out my magnifying glass to see those limits in the fine print or find the easter egg on the site that reveals all , but so far I 've seen no clue as to what those limitations might be .
Anyone ?
Anyone ?
Beuller ?
Oh and if anyone has an answer to # 2 that would be great too ...
(2) Also I have only seen this charge [ the $ 29.99 for Hot Spot usage ] listed here in the forums .
I 've looked and looked and looked on the main website and cannot find it listed anywhere .
Where can we find it listed in the plans and charges and such on the regular website when shopping and comparing ?
Message was edited by : Doug51Becca17
Md. officer fined , DWI charge dropped
A Prince George ’s County police officer charged with drunken driving after he flipped his unmarked police cruiser in the Largo area in January was given " probation before judgment " on a speeding charge and fined $ 100 plus court costs , court records show .
Officer Darin Rush -- who was initially charged with driving while impaired , driving under the influence of alcohol and failing to control his vehicle 's speed -- pleaded guilty to the speeding charge in April , court records show .
The drunken - driving charges against him were dropped because prosecutors were unable to subpoena a nurse who had conducted Rush ’s blood test in time for the trial , a spokesman for the Prince George ’s County State ’s Attorney ’s Office said .
Ramon Korionoff , the spokesman , said an investigator from the prosecutor 's office twice went to the hospital personally to try to serve the nurse but could not locate her .
A letter was also mailed , he said , but it is unclear if it reached her .
“ We were unable to obtain the blood test results in time for trial , ” Korionoff said .
Rush remains on paid administrative leave , and internal affairs investigators are looking into the case , said Maj .
Andrew Ellis , a police spokesman .
A man who answered the phone at Rush 's home hung up after a reporter identified himself .
Rush 's attorney did not return a phone message seeking comment on the case .
The probation before judgment ruling allows a person to technically avoid a conviction if he abides by the probation terms set by the judge .
-- Matt Zapotosky
If you have n’t guessed already this is a combination of a hamburger and a Cuban sandwich .
This is a recipe from the legendary Bobby Flay .
This burger uses traditional Cuban sandwich ingredients such as ham , pickles , and Swiss cheese .
The burgers are topped with garlic mayonnaise and Dijon mustard .
Since we are using the grill for this recipe , you know it ’s perfect for summer .
It is also extremely easy to prepare .
The recipe calls for the burgers to be pressed , this is totally optional .
Enjoy .
( Makes 4 Servings )
LOST .
Season Six . Episode Eleven : Happily Ever After
Up And Atom !
Testing , 1 , 2 , 3 .
I ’m Wide Awake It ’s Morning
thought
Oh , Dream Weaver .
I Believe You Can Get Me Through the Night .
You All , Everyb – ( Gurgle , Gurgle , Gurgle )
I Do n’t Wanna Die in a Hospital , You Gotta Take Me Back Outside
Event Planning
She Ain’t Penny , She ’s My Sister
actually experienced
Yes Man
stay
Manifest Destiny
Come Together .
Right Now .
While every episode of LOST ’s final season has ( mostly ) satisfied me , each one has also left me a little bit empty , with varying degrees of the feeling , “ Okay , cool .
So what ?
” Last night , LOST turned a corner , with a Darlton - penned , Desmond - centric , mostly - straightforward window into how , exactly , the alternate reality we ’ve been shown will impact and be impacted by the story we ’ve spent five years digesting .
Into that window flew possibilities of reconciliation and resolution .
And out of that window flew everything I thought I knew about where Season Six was headed .
Let ’s get after it .
Every good episode starts with someone ’s eye opening .
This one did , as Desmond awoke from the coma induced by Team Widmore .
Sadly , the first thing he saw when he woke up was Dirty Tina Fey .
We learned that Widmore – perhaps tipped off by Ben ’s warning phone call to him from the pier – knew Desmond would be vulnerable in the hospital , and used that moment to seize him for his master plan .
As Widmore catches Desmond up on the events of the last few days , Hume ’s lip twitches with rage , eventually boiling over into a short - lived beatdown of his nemesis .
Desmond demands to be returned to Penny , at which point Widmore channels his estranged wife Eloise , telling Desmond , “ I ca n’t take you back , the Island is n’t done with you yet . ”
Indeed it is n’t .
Widmore informs
Zoe to prematurely “ start the test , ” which takes place in the newest version of an Island mystery box .
Test one failed due to a generator problem .
Test two succeeded – in killing a Widmore flunky who was in the wrong electromagnetic hotbox at the wrong time .
And test three ?
That one was for Desmond , who was dragged unwittingly into the mystery box , past the charred remains of an unlucky lab rat .
But Widmore knew – or was pretty sure – that Desmond would n’t suffer the same fate as that poor chap .
First , he warned his new subject that after the test , he would need Desmond to make a sacrifice .
When Desmond claimed Widmore knew nothing of sacrifice , Charles retorted by lamenting his estrangement from his daughter , his isolation from his grandson and his son ’s death .
Touche , Chuck .
So what was Widmore testing Desmond for ?
As he told Jin , “ That man is the only person I ’m aware of in the world who has survived a catastrophic electromagnetic event .
I need to know that he can do it again , or we all die . ”
Clear as mud .
And with that , Widmore flipped the switch , and Desmond ’s mind was fried into another life … brutha .
If you ’re one of those people who frets LOST ’s “ mystery box ” method of storytelling – in which a giant reveal is shrouded in a metaphorical mystery box – this scene should have assuaged your fears .
LOST literally opened the box , showed us what was inside and explained it to us .
I get the feeling a lot more mystery boxes are going to be opened in the coming weeks .
The electromagnetic mystery box catapulted Desmond ’s consciousness not forward or backward in time – the way the Swan implosion did – but sideways .
He “ awoke ” in LAX ( or LA [ space ] X , if you will ) , and Hurley wasted no time dropping a little metaphorical wink in the form of an accursed number , telling Desmond that his bags were on carousel four .
After befriending poor , helpless , pregnant Claire – and casually predicting her baby will be a boy with an eerie , confident , certainty – Desmond meets up with his driver .
And lo and behold , it ’s our old friend George Minkowski , the communications expert from the Kahana freighter who , in this reality , is a sleezy limo driver who can hook you up with anything from a restaurant reservation to a restaurant reservation with a happy ending .
But Desmond wants none of what George is selling .
This Desmond is markedly different .
The man who could n’t beg for a job in his “ other life ” was now the # 2 in a global corporation .
He was not distracted by lovelorn exploits , or bogged down by inadequacies .
This was a confident , smiling , suave Desmond Hume , making pregnant Aussies swoon and dropping some ABC ( “ Always Be Closin ’ ” ) in Sydney .
So this Desmond had it all figured out , right ?
Not quite .
His happiness was superficial , material , fleeting .
And while he may nothe had a problem with that , the series of events about to unfold would prove to him otherwise .
Widmore gives Desmond the assignment of babysitting a rock God who had OD ’d en route to performing a benefit show with his son , organized by his wife .
Not one to piss off the man he ’s spent his whole alternate life trying to please , Desmond agrees .
And to thank him , Widmore pours one out for his homie , offering him a shot of scotch from the same bottle that – in another time and place – he claimed Desmond was unworthy of sipping from .
Ahh , MacCutcheon ’s , you great diviner of worthiness .
Charlie and Desmond then sit down for a drink of their own .
Charlie goes on to recount the long , strange trip that was his near - death experience on Oceanic 815 , complete with an other - worldly vision of a woman who he knew he loved , even though he ’d never seen her .
Charlie challenges Desmond ’s perception of his own happiness , asking if he ’s ever been in “ spectactular , consciousness - altering love . ”
( Nice choice of words , by the way ) .
Charlie describes his dream girl as “ Blond , raptuously beautiful .
And I know her .
We ’re together .
It ’s like , we ’ve always been and always will be .
This feeling , this love .
” The vision ( of Claire , no doubt ) was interrupted by Jack - ass , who ruins everything for everyone in every timeline .
You could see Desmond shaken a bit by this .
Here was this complete stranger , exposing in him a deep insecurity about the quality of his happiness .
Desmond tries to brush it off , posing an offer to Charlie to either keep drinking and end his music career or come with him and thrive .
Not much of a choice , eh ?
“ There ’s always a choice , brutha .
” Seriously , between Charlie referencing “ conscious - altering love , ” and Desmond positing that there ’s “ always a choice , ” it ’s as if our characters are beginning to channel each other in ways they do n’t even understand .
In a way , this predestined quantum entanglement that brought them all together on the Island has become a part of their hard - wiring , with each character subconsciously drawing on the philosophies and personalities of each other as if it were in their DNA all along .
Desmond never gave a lab rat ’s time - traveling ass about the power of “ choice . ”
And Charlie “ conscious - altering love ” Pace was in bed with a heroine addict and two chicks at the same time , man , before getting on Oceanic 815 .
But their experiences with each other have altered their modus operandi , in ways subtle and monumental .
It ’s even why Jack became a man of faith – he learned it from Locke , whether he likes it or not .
And it ’s all pretty cool to see .
As we ’d later find out , perhaps that bleeding of personality traits was n’t done on an entirely subconscious level .
Desmond and Charlie hit the road , blasting some Driveshaft , when Charlie again tells Desmond he feels sorry for him .
“ Why ? ” asks Desmond , ” Is none of this real ? ”
Another loaded question , which Charlie answered by yanking the car into the nearest harbor , in an effort to “ teach ” Desmond something .
Desmond swims up to catch air , then descends again to save Charlie .
While Desmond looks at him through the passenger window , Charlie puts his hand up to the glass , almost knowingly .
Desmond , caught momentarily between worlds , sees a flash of the words , “ Not Penny ’s Boat , ” on Charlie ’s hand – the same scene that played out just before Charlie ’s death .
It was a carbon copy of Charlie 's death scene , as he once again tried to guide Desmond with a last - ditch , suicidal effort .
Only this time , Charlie was saved .
Desmond and Charlie are taken to the hospital , where Desmond undergoes an MRI to examine his “ hallucinations . ”
While the MRI scans Desmond brain , Desmond himself scans his own consciousness .
And he digs deep , seeing flashes of Charlie ’s drowning , Penny and baby Charlie .
Freaked out , he flees , looking for Charlie – and some damned answers .
Just then , Charlie runs out in a hospital gown , looking for an exit .
He blows by Dr. Jack Shephard , interrupting his nicety - laden reunion with Desmond .
Desmond chases him down and asks to see his hands , before demanding to know who Penny is .
At that point , Charlie knows , Desmond has “ crossed over . ”
He “ felt it , ” and Charlie can finally explain to Desmond what he ’s been trying to tell him all along , that , “ This does n’t matter , none of this matters .
All that matters is that we felt it …if I were you , I ’d stop worrying about me , and start looking for Penny . ”
Translation : stop worrying about pleasing your boss , or making money .
Go find love .
Desmond goes to break the Driveshaft news to Widmore ’s wife , explaining that the rock gods wo n’t be able to attend her son ’s Super Sweet Thirty - Three Party .
There ’s something off about that whole first meeting .
Eloise seems to be playing along , but even drops the winking line , “ It ’s a travesty we have n’t met before .
It ’s about time .
” It ’s not until Desmond hears the name “ Penny ” being read off a guest list that Eloise is forced to snap into action .
She pulls Desmond aside , and breaks out of her Miss Manners demeanor .
And for just a second , she stopped pretending she did n’t know more than she did .
“ I want you to stop .
Someone has clearly affected the way you see things .
This is a serious problem .
It is , in fact , a violation .
So whatever you ’re doing , whatever it is you think you ’re looking for , you need to stop looking for it .
” Whew .
If you thought Eloise knew more than she was letting on at first , that line proved it .
How did she know how Desmond “ sees things , ” and that he was being “ affected . ”
She just met him !
And what in the hell was his new way of thinking a “ violation ” of ?
I ’m not sure , but I do know that Eloise lost her cool .
She is fully aware of what people like Charlie are “ feeling , ” and apparently sees Desmond 's realization of that feeling as dangerous .
He asks to see the list again , to which she coldly replies that he ’s “ not ready yet , ” and walks away .
So what is Eloise Widmore protecting , or hiding ?
Why does n’t she want Desmond to keep looking for meaning in his life ?
Why is she insistent on his being content with his shallow life ?
I ’m not sure .
Maggie theorized that she ’s trying to keep that timeline in tact , because in it , her son is still alive .
Maybe .
I hope we ’ll find out .
I love Eloise ’s cold , informed , controlling demeanor .
She ’s the anti-Jacob , using intimidation , fear and direct contact to lead people down fate ’s path .
Hey , maybe she ’s working for the Man in Black !
Or not .
Before Desmond can flee that very awkward scene , he ’s interrupted by ivory - tickling prodigy , Daniel Faraday , err , Widmore .
In this reality , Daniel was allowed by his mother to pursue his passion for music ..
And wear stupid hats .
Daniel abruptly asks Desmond if he believes in love at first sight , then recounts a moment a few weeks earlier where he saw a red - headed woman at a museum who , “ As soon as I saw her , right in that moment , it was like I already loved her .
And that ’s when things got weird . ”
Obviously , Daniel is talking about Charlotte .
But what ’s more interesting – okay , anything ’s more interesting than Charlotte – is what happened later that night , when Faraday sleepily scrawled a complex physics equation in his moleskin notebook , one that could only be written by someone who had studied the field their entire life .
And it ’s here we learn that musician Daniel is just as bright as physicist Daniel .
He ’s been putting two and two together , and he realizes that the only way he could channel a lifetime of physics knowledge is to havea lifetime of physics knowledge .
The more his mind wades in that pool , the more he starts recalling , including some little tidbit about a hydrogen bomb .
And as he so brilliantly crystallizes it for Desmond , “ What if all this was n’t supposed to be our life ?
What if we had some other life , and for some reason , we changed things .
I do n’t want to set off a nuclear bomb , Mr. Hume .
I think I already did .
” This was the scene of the night for me .
It ’s the first time the alternate realities have been elevated to a level of real importance , and it even drew on the lessons of “ changing things , ” vs. “ whatever happened , happened , ” that were explored in the time travel episodes .
It would seem that time travel was , in a way , just a device being used to make our characters think about what they would change about their lives if they could .
That ’s the quandary that was posed to Desmond last night – that maybe there was a version of himself that had found true happiness with some woman named Penny .
And that the choices he had made in his life – or that someone else had made in theirs regarding the use of hydrogen bombs – had altered that life path , and sent him down a non-ideal course .
Suddenly , Desmond was faced with the notion that his best life was out there , waiting to be lived .
The notion was simultaneously uplifting and unsettling .
But ultimately , Desmond knew that if there was a better life out there for him , it started with Penny .
And luckily for him , the guy sitting next to him knew just where to find her .
“ She ’s my half - sister , ” Daniel conveniently revealed .
And it was off to the ( stair ) races .
Desmond finds
Penny running the same stairs where he met Jack , and he stops her to introduce himself .
I ’m pretty sure if I met Sonya Walger , I ’d faint .
And whaddya know , so did Desmond .
Desmond wakes back up in the electromagnetic mystery box , feeling happy , healthy and surprisingly compliant .
“ You told me you brought me here to the Island to do something very important .
When do we start ? ”
He starts with Zoe , trekking back to the Hydra Station , before being interrupted by Sayid , who knocks out his entourage and tells Desmond he needs to come with him and get away from these “ dangerous ” people .
Desmond , still super - compliant , tells Sayid to lead the way .
If alternate - reality Desmond needed to faint in order to wake up his on - Island counterpart , he did n’t need tounconscious .
While on - Island Desmond happily , inexplicably followed Widmore , then Zoe , then Sayid wherever they were going , alternate - Desmond woke up .
Both Desmonds , operating simultaneously .
How does that happen ?
I ’d argue that on - Island Desmond was something of an empty vessel .
He seemed to be floating through the whole turn of events , from waking up to following Sayid .
Perhaps it was because the events of his alternate reality storyline demanded the full attention of his consciousness .
Desmond awoke in the stadium , with Penny hovering over him .
Again , this man .
I want to be this man .
He regains his cool , and being the cheeky bastard he is , asks her out for coffee .
She obliges , and they agree to meet up in an hour .
New , happy , lovestruck Desmond ambles back to the limo , full of new , strange feelings and something resembling a purpose .
And it appeared he was carrying something else – his first real , genuine understanding of his multiple existences .
Like Charlie before him , Desmond wanted to spread the word .
So he asked Minkowski to get him a manifest of the passengers on 815 .
Why ?
“ I just need to show them something .
” And scene .
So what the hell just happened ?
I think what just happened is Desmond learned what the hell is going on in LOST .
I think he pieced together the ramblings of Charlie and Daniel with his own flashes , and he ’s finally seeing the picture on the front of the puzzle box , as he once called it .
Desmond gleaned from Daniel that there were possible alternate versions of ourselves that could be explored .
And he learned from Charlie that those alternate selves were potentially enormous improvements on our current selves .
And so , he ’s off to find the Oceanic 815ers and free their minds – and the rest will follow .
By the way , that does n't necessarily mean that our characters have to " jump in " to an ideal version of himself .
That 's not what Desmond did - he 's finding Penny in an entirely different way than he did originally , and eight years later , too .
On the contrary , I think Desmond 's message will be one of continual self - improvement , of always being on the lookout for opportunities for betterment , of not being content with shallow fulfillment .
But what does that mean for Widmore , Flocke , Jacob and the Man in Black ?
Yeah , did you forget about them during last night ’s episode ?
I did .
It was almost an entirely different show .
How does Desmond ’s quest to give all his Oceanic 815 mates their own “ happily ever after ” impact the “ war , ” the “ release of evil , ” and the age - old battle of free will vs. predestination being waged by Jacob and his nemesis ?
Last night ’s brief Island scene at the end did n’t do much to answer those questions .
We saw Desmond willingly join up with Widmore , then just as willingly ditch Widmore ’s crew to follow Sayid back to the Man in Black .
I ’d wager that the end - goal is still to contain MIB to the Island , preventing his contamination of the outside world and ensuring that everything that everybody loves does n’t “ cease to exist , ” as Widmore put it .
But how does Desmond ’s mission impact that ?
I think it might have something to do with Jacob and the MIB ’s candidates .
While we know little about these two and their “ game , ” it does seem that they require willing , able - bodied subjects to help them along their way .
Jacob has a lighthouse wheel full of candidates to replace him .
MIB has assumed the body of a mortal , while claiming the souls of a few others , all of which he deems necessary for his escape plan .
But Desmond ’s plan seems to transcend that game .
It 's as if he 's out to overstep that eons - old squabble between these two mystic entities .
MIB and Jacob be damned , Desmond just wants people to self - actualize and find their path in life .
Here ’s the catch , though .
By doing that , Desmond helps Jacob win .
Jacob would prove – through Desmond – that mankind , despite its corruptibility and potential for evil , is capable of doing the right thing .
When presented with the potential for meaningful happiness , true love and real purpose , mankind will choose to pursue that life .
They ’ll do what they need to do to secure that for themselves and the people they love .
Maggie and I both realized , at the end of this episode , that we have n’t really seen any of our alternate reality characters experience any kind of true love ( even Jin and Sun were just dipping their pins in company ink ; not quite in love yet ) .
Maybe a world devoid of true love is the world into which the Man in Black can escape – cheesy , I know .
But if Desmond can convince Jack that there ’s more than being a good surgeon ; or Kate that there ’s some things not worth running away from ; or Locke that physical limitations do not a weak spirit make ; if Desmond can steer these people towards lives of meaning and substantive love , then Jacob might win his argument .
And to that unintelligible paragraph of sappy what - ifs , I ’ll add this one .
Maybe Widmore knows that Desmond is the only one who can consciously transcend and comprehend the alternate versions of himself .
He knows that it ’s up to Desmond to create a world that the Man in Black ca n’t escape to .
So he brought him to the Island , pumped him full of electromagnetism , and let his mind wander to different times and places until he could grasp , for himself , the idea that the Man in Black ’s cynical worldview could be contained by free - willed , self - actualizing optimism .
Widmore said Desmond was the x-factor that could prevent the release of MIB .
Is this mission of betterment the manor in which Widmore saw that happening ?
Is Desmond , the insignificant speck on Widmore ’s radar for all his life , actually the cork the Island needs and the fulfillment of Widmore ’s eternal promise to protect the Island ?
I think it could be .
And if you buy that , maybe you ’ll buy this : Desmond ’s “ sacrifice ” will be to stay on the Island forever , replacing Jacob as the protector of the power of free will –and the enduring spirit of optimism .
Namaste .
Charlie
News
How many coronavirus cases are there in Guelph and Wellington County ?
This is a rapidly evolving situation .
The information in this article was last updated at 11:10 a.m. on Sept. 30 .
it will be updated as more data is released from WDG Public Health and the Province of Ontario .
Wellington Dufferin Guelph Public Hea
Many of society 's most devastating diseases -- cancer , cardiovascular disease , diabetes and Alzheimer 's , to name a few -- share a common denominator : faulty angiogenesis , the body 's growth of new capillary blood vessels .
Given excessive or insufficient blood vessel growth , serious health issues arise .
While researching under Harvard surgeon Judah Folkman , who pioneered the study of angiogenesis , Li learned how angiogenesis - based medicine helps patients overcome numerous diseases by restoring the balance of blood - vessel growth .
William Li co-founded the Angiogenesis Foundation in 1994 .
The foundation 's Project ENABLE -- a global system that integrates patients , medical experts and healthcare professionals -- democratizes the spread and implementation of knowledge about angiogenesis - based medicines , diet and lifestyle .
Some 40,000 physicians have been educated on new treatments , ranging from cancer care to wound care , by the foundation 's faculty of medical experts , and they are bringing new , lifesaving and disease - preventing techniques to people around the world .
" Imagine that one medical advancement held the promise to conquer cancer , perhaps within your lifetime ... the potential to also end more than 70 of life 's most threatening conditions , affecting one billion people worldwide .
This is the promise of angiogenesis , the first medical revolution of the 21st century . "
William Li
William Li presents a new way to think about treating cancer and other diseases : anti-angiogenesis , preventing the growth of blood vessels that feed a tumor .
The crucial first ( and best ) step : Eating cancer - fighting foods that cut off the supply lines and beat cancer at its own game .
Watch video :
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
Over 500 angry Israeli citizens demonstrated Monday night in front of the Turkish Embassy in Tel Aviv , calling on their government to act firmly against the militants of the Flotilla ships and against the Turkish government who many believe to be responsible for organizing the flotilla and successfully touching off a diplomatic crisis for Israel .
The “ Gaza Freedom Flotilla ” set sail last week for the Hamas - controlled Gaza region , claiming to be carrying humanitarian aid .
Israeli Navy ships requested late Sunday night that the activists change course from Gaza to Ashdod , where they would be able to unload their aid material , which would then be transferred over land to Gaza after undergoing security inspections .
The activists refused and IDF troops attempting to board a ship were attacked by activists wielding knives , clubs and guns .
Nine militants were killed and several soldiers injured - one from a gunshot wound - during the clashes that ensued , creating a new public relations crisis for the Jewish state .
Grassroots voices throughout the country and several military analysts have noted that Navy officers did not take proper precautions by sending commandos to board the ships without the necessary back - up or cover .
They pointed out that preparations for the operation should have taken into account that not all of the people on the flotilla were unarmed .
Roni Bialer , one of the protesters demonstrating in front of the Turkish Embassy , spoke with Israel National News , stressing that the protest is made up completely of private citizens and is not connected with or endorsed by any organizations or political entities .
“ We want the Israeli government to act strongly instead of apologizing for the number of militants killed , ” said Bialer .
“ We must blame ( Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip ) Erdogan .
It does not make sense that Turkey sends a ship with [ possible ] arms and expects Israel to let it in .
We want Israel to change its policy towards Turkey . ”
Bialer further expressed support for Israel ’s government and for the IDF , saying that the behavior of Israeli soldiers was necessary for the country ’s defense .
In addition to an abundance of Israeli flags at the demonstration , signs calling for a free Kurdistan were prominently displayed and Turkish flags were lit afire .
Turkey was until recently widely viewed as one of the Middle East ’s more moderate regimes , like Jordan , Egypt and the Fatah - led Palestinian Authority , who enjoy arms and support from the United States while generally limiting their actions against Israel to anti-Zionist propaganda .
But in the last year , Turkey has moved increasingly closer to the more outwardly hostile Iran - Syria - Hizbullah - Hamas axis that opts for a more traditional military approach to destroy Israel .
While Israeli government officials have exhausted attempts to reconcile with Turkey , many Israelis – such as the angry demonstrators in Tel Aviv – have called on their government to treat Turkey as an enemy state .
Makers of Muzzleloading Double Rifles and Big Bore Muzzleloaders .
We also build custom muzzleloaders to our customers specifications as well as repair and restoration .
Stolzer Gunsmithing Youtube Channel
Caracas , April 27 , 2010 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) –
The Venezuelan government launched a massive operation to put a stop to illegal mining and deforestation along the Caura river , located in the remote south eastern part of Bolivar state over the weekend .
“ We cannot continue to allow the illegal exploitation of gold in the state of Bolivar .
It ’s a crime that national and transnational capitalist mafias are committing against the environment , for this reason we need to stop it , ” said president Hugo Chavez .
During his weekly television show , Hello President , on Sunday Chavez announced that a governmental commission headed by vice - president Elias Jaua , had visited Bolivar on Saturday , to implement Plan Caura , to stop rampant illegal mining in the state .
“ Mining is an activity that you ca n’t hide , it ca n’t be erradicated completely , but it ca n’t be an irrational economic activity , and it must be within the legal parameters and controlled strictly by the Venezuelan state , ” Jaua told a press conference .
Jaua , who was accompanied by Environment Minister , Alejandro Hitcher , Justice minister , Tareck El Aissami , the Attorney General , Luisa Ortega Díaz , Defence Minister Carlos Mata Figueroa , and the governor of Bolivar , Francisco Rangel Gómez , said troops had been mobilised to the region to close down the illegal operations .
Mata Figueroa said that during the visit that the environmental destruction caused by the “ indiscriminant use of mercury ” and deforestation was clearly visible along 6 kilometers of the Caura river .
“ We have deployed more than 3,000 men in the Caura , there have been some arrests , but we have to look for the bosses because what we found there were slaves , ” the defence minister said .
One of the arrestees was also connected to a child prostitution ring , authorities said .
“ If we have to put Defense Ministry offices there [ along the Caura ] ” to stop the illegal mining “ we ’ll do it ” Chavez said .
Jaua assured that further measures would also be taken to stop illegal mining along the Caroní and Cuyuní rivers , among others , in Bolivar state , and in the state of Amazonas .
The Caroní River is the second largest river in Venezuela after the Orinoco and is one of the principle sources of water for the Guri hydroelectric dam which provides nearly 70 % of Venezuela ’s electricity .
The Cuyuní River runs through the eastern region of Bolivar state , and in parts serves as the border with neighbouring Guyana .
In order to stop illegal mining the government has developed an “ intregral plan ” that involves short , medium and longterm strategies , but “ it is no easy task ” as it is a “ structural problem ” Jaua argued .
According to Central Bank figures ( BCV ) illegal mining accounts for 60 % of the total gold production in the country .
In addition to closing down illegal mining operations that smuggle resources out of the country , the government is considering revoking mining concessions of national and multinational companies that destroy the environment and exploit workers , Chavez said .
“ They take the gold and diamonds out of the country , without paying taxes .
They contaminate the water , the land .
The workers there are slaves .
If we are going exploit these minerals all of this will have to be nationalized , recuperated and the concessions that damage the environment will have to be ended , ” he added .
The Chavez government has nationalised companies and concessions in the metals , cement , electricity and oil sectors , among others , in the framework of reversing the neoliberal privatisation policies of previous governments , recuperating sovereign control over the economy and pushing forward with the project of building “ Socialism of the 21st Century . ”
In October , Gold Reserve Inc. , a Washington - based company solicited international arbitration against the Venezuelan government ’s expropriation of gold mining projects .
The company claimed it had invested US $ 300 million in the projects .
Jaua said that Chavez has instructed the Ministry of Basic Industry and Mines to create a national mining company , which will allow the state to regulate the industry together with small and medium mining companies that are legally established .
In reference to the alleged involvement of some indigneous communities in illegal mining activities Jaua said , “ The behaviour of one group does not signify that the indigenous peoples support this , on the contrary , they have repeatedly expressed to us their rejection of the destruction of the forests and rivers . ”
In the case of the Caura River , Jaua said there was a special collaboration between the government and the Yekuana people .
“ They have been defenders against the illegal extraction of gold .
Just like the rest of the indigenous people in Bolivar who reject the damage and abuse generated by mining , ” he declared .
Environmental groups who have been campaigning against what they describe as “ ecocide ” in the region have welcomed the government measure .
Nalúa Silva , a spokesperson for the Institute of Anthropological and Ecological Investigation from the National Experimental University of Guayana ( UNEG ) said , “ It ’s necessary to support this effort by the Venezuelan state to erradicate illegal mining that destroys the environment along the Cauara , Paragua , Caroní and Yuruaní rivers . ”
Silva explained that up until 2006 the area had been relatively untouched , but over the past few years had seen “ a massive mobilization of illegal miners who destroy the soil and the water in the search for alluvial gold and diamonds . ”
She also defended the right of the Yekuana and Sanema indigenous peoples of the region to confront the invasion of illegal miners in their ancestral lands and the emphasised the need to strengthen protection of these communities .
In this sense she urged the government to speed up the process of land demarcation and the handover of indigenous land titles saying , “ More than five thousand members of the Yekuana and Sanema communities will benefit from this regulation . ”
Jack Straw is guilty of the criminal offence of treating – offering food and drink to electors as an induucement to vote – under the Representation of the People ’s Act 1983 , Clause 114 ( 2 ) .
The maximum penalty is one year in prison .
As a corrupt electoral practice it brings disbarment from parliament for life – including the House of Lords .
The evidence against Straw is overwhelming .
Free food was given to hundreds of Blackburn Muslim voters at a rally in his constituency on Sunday 25 April 2010 .
Speeches were made specifically calling on the recipients of the free food to vote for Jack Straw in Blackburn .
He also made a speech urging them to vote for him , and he approached voters individually to ask for their votes in the hall where the free food was being given out .
Affidavits have been sworn to this effect and handed to the police .
You can see them here :
Download file
A complaint about him has been formally made to Blackburn Police and given police report ref LC - 201004271237 .
Treating is not an obscure offence .
It is number 2 in the Electoral Commission guidebook for police officers
http://www.tinyurls.co.uk/I2081
It is also detailed in the Association of Chief Police Officers “ Guidance on Preventing and Detecting Electoral Malpractice ” .
Download file
At Page 22 of the ACPO guide , there is important information on how Blackburn Police should be conducting this investigation :
1.1 Suggested action for all cases :
preserve evidence
respect the secrecy of sealed documents and seek advice before opening
when election documents become evidence in a potential crime , the method of preservation by the police should include consultation with the elections office to agree a mutually beneficial way forward
invite the suspected party for interview under caution or consider Section 24( e ) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act ( PACE ) 1984 ( as amended by the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 )
consider advice from the Special Crime Division of the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS )
inform the Returning Officer and the Electoral Commission via police SPOC
advise Police National Information and Computer Centre ( PNICC ) in scheduled return of all allegations and outcomes or immediately if there is a major allegation
In fact I expect them to avoid telling the Police National Information and Computer Centre – the authorities will try to bury this quickly and corruptly in Blackburn .
There is a plaque proudly displayed in the entrance of the police station where I reported this treating .
It states that the station was opened by Lord Taylor of Blackburn – the highly crooked Labour Party politician who was last year suspended from the House of Lords for Corruption –
http://richardwilsonauthor.wordpress.com/2009/01/25/sunday-times-exposes-uk-government-corruption-labour-members-of-the-house-of-lords-agree-to-take-cash-for-backing-legislation-changes/
The police station plaque bears another name also – Lord Adam Patel of Blackburn , who was put in the House of Lords because of his work as an “ enforcer ” of the Blackburn Muslim vote for Jack Straw , and who was himself present and implicated in the present instance of massive treating – see the affidavits above .
I am therefore sending copies of the dossier to the Independent Police Complaints Commission to be sure it is investigated properly , and the full rigour of the law applied to Mr Straw .
Christopher Hope of the Telegraph contacted Jack Straw ’s constituency office , who gave one lie and two irrelevancies in reply to this accusation of treating .
Straw ’s defence is :
1 ) That people were asked to make a voluntary contribution to the cost of the food .
That appears to be a simple lie by Straw .
All of the witnesses to whom I spoke – and I interviewed many others who were too scared to swear an affidavit – said they were never asked to make any contribution .
2 ) That the Returning Officer had approved the arrangements in advance .
He can ’t .
Straw ’s people are , to say the least , very chummy with the Returning Officer .
But Treating is a criminal offence and the Returning Officer can no more OK it than he can OK burglary .
The Returnng Officer has no role at all in determining whether treating has taken place , which is solely a matter for the police , crown prosecution service and courts .
Mr Tom Hawthorn of Electoral Commission HQ in London has confirmed this to me .
It is also made very clear here :
http://www.whatdotheyknow.com/request/guidance_issued_on_eros_consent
3 ) That the advertisements for the event did not mention that free food will be provided
This is a complete irrelevance introduced by Jack Straw .
Prior advertisement is nowhere a condition of the offence .
The offence is of offering food and drink to influence someone to vote .
Crimes are not mitigated because you do not advertise them in advance .
As I see it , the Police now have to act .
Either Straw has to be charged under Representation of the People Act 1983 , 114 ( 2 ) , or I have to be charged under the Representation of the People Act 1983 , 106 – for making a false statement about a candidate .
If no action is taken against Straw , I shall be advertising free meals for anybody in Blackburn who wishes to vote against him .
Crackdown on News Leaks , Gulf Oil Spill News Blocked , Oil Leak Amount Minimized
Revealing News Articles
June 14 , 2010
Dear friends ,
Below are key excerpts of revealing news articles on Obama 's crackdown on whistleblowers ' news leaks , Gulf oil spill news blocked , the amount of oil leaked being minimized , and more .
Each excerpt is taken verbatim from the major media website listed at the link provided .
If any link fails to function , click here .
The most important sentences are highlighted .
By choosing to educate ourselves and to spread the word , we can and will build a brighter future .
With best wishes ,
Tod Fletcher and Fred Burks for PEERS and WantToKnow.info
Special note :
For an awesome , two - minute video detailing how poor countries are corrupted by economic hitmen to benefit the mega- corporations , click here .
For a great one - minute parody by Saturday Night Live on drug advertising scare tactics , click here .
For those with a deep interest in HAARP and its effect on human behavior , this article is well worth exploring .
For an astonishing and inspiring four - minute video which is guaranteed to leave you grateful , see amazing Nic Vujicic at this link .
And for another moving video , watch Declan Galbraith at 10 years old sing " Tell Me Why " at this link .
Obama Takes a Hard Line Against Leaks to Press
June 12 , 2010 , New York Times
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/12/us/politics/12leak.html
Hired in 2001 by the National Security Agency to help it catch up with the e-mail and cellphone revolution , Thomas A . Drake became convinced that the government 's eavesdroppers were squandering hundreds of millions of dollars on failed programs .
He contacted a reporter for The Baltimore Sun . Today , because of that decision , Mr. Drake , 53 , ... faces years in prison on 10 felony charges involving the mishandling of classified information and obstruction of justice .
The indictment of Mr. Drake was the latest evidence that the Obama administration is proving more aggressive than the Bush administration in seeking to punish unauthorized leaks .
In 17 months in office , President Obama has already outdone every previous president in pursuing leak prosecutions .
His administration has taken actions that might have provoked sharp political criticism for his predecessor , George W. Bush .
Mr. Drake was charged in April ; in May , an F.B.I. translator was sentenced to 20 months in prison for providing classified documents to a blogger ; this week , the Pentagon confirmed the arrest of a 22 - year - old Army intelligence analyst suspected of passing a classified video of an American military helicopter shooting Baghdad civilians to the Web site Wikileaks.org .
Note :
For key reports from reliable sources on government secrecy , click here .
Army Leak Suspect Is Arrested
June 8 , 2010 , New York Times
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/08/world/08leaks.html
The Department of Defense announced that Specialist [ Bradley ] Manning , of Potomac , Md. , had been arrested and was under investigation [ for leaking a video of a US helicopter attack on civilians in Baghdad to a whistleblower website , Wikileaks ] .
The leak of the helicopter video , which Wikileaks titled " Collateral Murder , " caused serious consternation at the Pentagon , where senior officials are increasingly concerned about technology that makes it easier to anonymously post documents , photographs and videos online .
But opponents of the Iraq war have said that the video provided irrefutable evidence of a military blunder , and that it should not have been classified .
The episode also drew wide attention to Wikileaks , a once - fringe Web site that aims to bring to light secret information about governments and corporations .
It was founded three years ago by Julian Assange , an Australian activist and journalist , and has published documents about toxic dumping in Africa , protocols from Guantanamo Bay and e-mail messages from Sarah Palin 's personal account .
Note :
In case the above video disappears , click here to view it on one of our websites .
The only reason this event made news is because the two cameramen killed were Reuters staff .
US forces then fired on an unarmed van with children in it , which was attempting to bring the dead and wounded out of the combat zone .
How many innocent civilians are killed like this and never make the news ?
Please spread this important video and help others to wake up and work together to stop the cruelty of some of the US forces .
The Pentagon is working hard to shut down Wikileaks , the organization which secured this powerful video .
Efforts to Limit the Flow of Spill News
June 10 , 2010 , New York Times
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/10/us/10access.html
When the operators of Southern Seaplane in Belle Chasse , La. , called the local Coast Guard - Federal Aviation Administration command center for permission to fly over restricted airspace in [ the ]
Gulf of Mexico , they made what they thought was a simple and routine request .
A pilot wanted to take a photographer from The Times - Picayune of New Orleans to snap photographs of the oil slicks blackening the water .
The response from a BP contractor who answered the phone late last month at the command center was swift and absolute : Permission denied .
" We were questioned extensively .
Who was on the aircraft ?
Who did they work for ? " recalled Rhonda Panepinto , who owns Southern Seaplane with her husband , Lyle .
" The minute we mentioned media , the answer was : ' Not allowed . ' " Journalists struggling to document the impact of the oil rig explosion have repeatedly found themselves turned away from public areas affected by the spill , and not only by BP and its contractors , but by local law enforcement , the Coast Guard and government officials .
Scientists , too , have complained about the trickle of information that has emerged from BP and government sources .
Three weeks passed , for instance , from the time the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded on April 20 and the first images of oil gushing from an underwater pipe were released by BP .
Note :
For revealing reports from major media sources on government and corporate corruption and collusion , click here and here .
BP chief Tony Hayward sold shares weeks before oil spill
June 5 , 2010 , The Telegraph ( One of the UK 's leading newspapers )
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/energy/oilandgas/7804922/BP-chief-Tony-Hayward...
Tony Hayward cashed in about a third of his holding in the company one month before a well on the Deepwater Horizon rig burst , causing an environmental disaster .
Mr Hayward , whose pay package is � 4 million a year , then paid off the mortgage on his family 's mansion in Kent , which is estimated to be valued at more than � 1.2 million .
His decision ... means he avoided losing more than � 423,000 when BP 's share price plunged after the oil spill began six weeks ago .
Since he disposed of 223,288 shares on March 17 , the company 's share price has fallen by 30 per cent .
About � 40 billion has been wiped off its total value .
The spill , which has still not been stemmed , has caused a serious environmental crisis and is estimated to cost BP up to � 40 billion to clean up .
Mr Hayward , whose position is thought to be under threat , risked further fury by continuing plans to pay out a dividend to investors next month .
New Estimates Double Rate of Oil Flowing Into Gulf
June 11 , 2010 , New York Times
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/11/us/11spill.html
A government panel on [ June 10 ] essentially doubled its estimate of how much oil has been spewing from the out - of - control BP well , with the new calculation suggesting that an amount equivalent to the Exxon Valdez disaster could be flowing into the Gulf of Mexico every 8 to 10 days .
The new estimate is 25,000 to 30,000 barrels of oil a day .
That range , still preliminary , is far above the previous estimate of 12,000 to 19,000 barrels a day .
The higher estimates will ... most likely increase suspicion among skeptics about how honest and forthcoming the oil company has been throughout the catastrophe .
The new estimate appears to be a far better match than earlier ones for the reality that Americans can see every day on their televisions .
As investors have fled BP stock over uncertainties about the company 's future and its ability to pay what it will end up owing , BP has lost nearly half its market capitalization since April , and its bonds are now trading at junk levels .
Credit Suisse estimates the cleanup costs could end up at $ 15 billion to $ 23 billion , plus an additional $ 14 billion of claims .
Ira Leifer , a researcher at the University of California , Santa Barbara , and a member of the flow - rate group , said the new figures confirmed a suspicion he had developed , based on looking at satellite data , that the rate of flow for the well was increasing even before BP cut the riser pipe .
" The situation is growing worse , " Dr. Leifer said .
Note :
For an analysis of the series of false estimates by BP and the US government of the size of the catastrophic Deep Horizon oil blowout , click here .
BP well may be spewing 100,000 barrels a day , scientist says
June 7 , 2010 , Miami Herald / McClatchy Newspapers
http://www.miamiherald.com/2010/06/07/1668495/bp-oil-spill-seems-certain-to.html
BP 's runaway Deepwater Horizon well may be spewing ... 100,000 barrels a day , a member of the government panel tasked with determining the size of the spill told McClatchy [ Newspapers ] .
" In the data I 've seen , there 's nothing inconsistent with BP 's worst case scenario , " Ira Leifer , an associate researcher at the Marine Science Institute of the University of California , Santa Barbara , and a member of the government 's Flow Rate Technical Group , told McClatchy .
Leifer said that based on satellite data he 's examined , the rate of flow from the well has been increasing over time , especially since BP 's " top kill " effort failed last month to stanch the flow .
The decision last week to sever the well 's damaged riser pipe from the its blowout preventer in order to install a " top hat " containment device has increased the flow still more -- far more , Leifer said , than the 20 percent that BP and the Obama administration predicted .
Leifer noted that BP had estimated before the April 20 explosion that caused the leak that a freely flowing pipe from the well would release 100,000 barrels of oil a day in the worst - case scenario .
The oil was not freely flowing before the top kill or before they cut the pipe , Leifer said , but once the riser pipe was cleared , there was little blocking the oil 's rise to the top of the blowout preventer .
Video images confirm that the flow of black oil is unimpeded .
Note :
For an analysis of the series of false estimates by BP and the US government of the size of the catastrophic Deep Horizon oil blowout , click here .
BP Buys ' Oil ' Search Terms to Redirect Users to Official Company Website
June 5 , 2010 , ABC News
http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/Broadcast/bp-buys-search-engine-phrases-redirecting-...
BP , the very company responsible for the oil spill that is already the worst in U.S. history , has purchased several phrases on search engines such as Google and Yahoo so that the first result that shows up directs information seekers to the company 's official website .
A simple Google search of " oil spill " turns up several thousand news results , but the first link , highlighted at the very top of the page , is from BP .
" Learn more about how BP is helping , " the link 's tagline reads .
A spokesman for the company confirmed to ABC News that it had , in fact , bought these search terms to make information on the spill more accessible to the public .
Several search engine marketing experts are questioning BP 's intentions , suggesting that controlling what the public finds when they look online for oil spill information is just another way for the company to try and rebuild the company 's suffering public image .
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal slammed BP for its PR efforts , saying in a statement , " Instead of BP shelling out $ 50 million on an ad campaign that promises to do good work in responding to this spill , BP should just focus on actually doing a good job and spend the $ 50 million on assistance to our people , our industries and our communities that are suffering as a result of this ongoing spill . "
Note :
For revealing reports from major media sources on corporate corruption and collusion , click here .
Disaster in the Amazon
June 5 , 2010 , New York Times
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/05/opinion/05herbert.html
BP 's calamitous behavior in the Gulf of Mexico is the big oil story of the moment .
But for many years , indigenous people from a formerly pristine region of the Amazon rainforest in Ecuador have been trying to get relief from an American company , Texaco ( which later merged with Chevron ) , for what has been described as the largest oil - related environmental catastrophe ever .
" As horrible as the gulf spill has been , what happened in the Amazon was worse , " said Jonathan Abady , a New York lawyer who is part of the legal team that is suing Chevron on behalf of the rainforest inhabitants .
Texaco operated more than 300 oil wells for the better part of three decades in a vast swath of Ecuador 's northern Amazon region .
Texaco came barreling into this delicate ancient landscape in the early 1960s with all the subtlety and grace of an invading army .
And when it left in 1992 , it left behind , according to the lawsuit , widespread toxic contamination that devastated the livelihoods and traditions of the local people , and took a severe toll on their physical well - being .
The quest for oil is , by its nature , colossally destructive .
And the giant oil companies , when left to their own devices , will treat even the most magnificent of nature 's wonders like a sewer .
But the riches to be made are so vastly corrupting that governments refuse to impose the kinds of rigid oversight and safeguards that would mitigate the damage to the environment and its human and animal inhabitants .
Medical Ethics Lapses Cited in Interrogations
June 7 , 2010 , New York Times
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/07/world/07doctors.html
Medical professionals who were involved in the Central Intelligence Agency 's interrogations of terrorism suspects engaged in forms of human research and experimentation in violation of medical ethics and domestic and international law , according to a new report from a human rights organization .
Doctors , psychologists and other professionals assigned to monitor the C.I.A.'s use of waterboarding , sleep deprivation and other " enhanced " interrogation techniques gathered and collected data on the impact of the interrogations on the detainees in order to refine those techniques .
But , by doing so , the medical professionals turned the detainees into research subjects , according to the report ... published on [ June 7 ] by Physicians for Human Rights .
" There was no therapeutic purpose or intent to monitor and collect this data , " said Jonathan D. Moreno , a professor of medical ethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
" You ca n't use people as laboratories . "
Note :
To read the full report from Physicians for Human Rights , " Experiments in Torture : Human Subject Research and Evidence of Experimentation in the ' Enhanced ' Interrogation Program " , click here .
Doctors Who Aid Torture
June 8 , 2010 , New York Times
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/08/opinion/08tue1.html
Disturbing new questions have been raised about the role of doctors and other medical professionals in helping the Central Intelligence Agency subject terrorism suspects to harsh treatment , abuse and torture .
The Red Cross previously documented , from interviews with " high - value " prisoners , that medical personnel helped facilitate abuses in the C.I.A.'s " enhanced interrogation program " during the Bush administration .
Now Physicians for Human Rights has suggested that the medical professionals may also have violated national and international laws setting limits on what research can be performed on humans .
The group 's report focused particularly on a few issues where medical personnel played an important role – determining how far a harsh interrogation could go , providing legal cover against prosecution and designing future interrogation procedures .
In the case of waterboarding , a technique in which prisoners are brought to the edge of drowning , health professionals were required to monitor the practice and keep detailed medical records .
Their findings led to several changes , including a switch to saline solution as the near - drowning agent instead of water , ostensibly to protect the health of detainees who ingest large volumes of liquid but also , the group says , to allow repeated use of waterboarding on the same subject .
Note :
For lots more from reliable sources on the unlawful actions of US intelligence and military forces in the " global war on terror , " click here .
The hijacking of the truth : Film evidence ' destroyed '
June 6 , 2010 , The Independent ( One of the UK 's leading newspapers )
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/the-hijacking-of-the-truth-film-evidence...
Six days after the bloody assault that left nine foreign protesters , mainly Turks , dead , nobody can recount with any conviction precisely what happened that night .
The convoy of ships , whose passengers included writers , politicians and journalists , had been expected for weeks , with organisers loudly broadcasting their plans to run Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip and draw international attention to the situation there .
From the beginning , it was clear that Israeli forces were concentrating in their largest numbers on the Marmara , a ship carrying some 550 peace activists .
The remaining five boats were much smaller and easily commandeered .
After the Marmara was subdued , the passengers silenced , and their recording equipment confiscated , Israel disseminated a carefully choreographed account of the events that night that would dominate the airwaves for the first 48 hours .
Only as eyewitnesses , traumatised by their experiences , started to return to their home countries , were serious questions raised about the veracity of the Israeli version of events .
Israeli commandos initiated the attack on the Marmara with stun grenades , paintballs and rubber - cased steel bullets .
Next , the helicopters started their approach , hovering overhead as they tried to disgorge commandos .
Note :
As revealed last week , Israeli commandos shot and killed the aid activists at close range , execution - style .
Note that these key reports are appearing in the UK but not the US mainstream press .
Vast UFO Cover - Up a ' Cosmic Watergate , ' Says Nuclear Physicist
June 8 , 2010 , Fox News
http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2010/06/08/vast-ufo-coverup-stanton-friedman/
After half a century of investigation , a former nuclear physicist -- who worked on fission and fusion rockets for companies like Westinghouse and Aerojet General Nucleonics -- is convinced that not only are UFOs real , the government has known about them since 1947 .
" Some UFOs are intelligently controlled extraterrestrial spacecraft , " Stanton Friedman told AOL News , calling the vast cover - up of their existence " the biggest story of the millennium . "
In 1958 , UFOs caught his attention , and Friedman has since lectured about this subject at more than 700 colleges and professional groups in all 50 states and around the world .
" After 53 years of investigation , I 'm convinced we 're dealing here with a cosmic Watergate , " he [ said ] .
" That means a few people within major governments have known since at least 1947 that some UFOs are alien spacecraft . "
In Friedman 's new book , Science Was Wrong : Startling Truths About Cures , Theories , and Inventions " They " Declared Impossible , co-authored with Kathleen Marden , he wrote , " There 's been no shortage of strong , negative proclamations from debunking groups and individuals who refuse to examine the evidence ... to support the notion that some UFOs are of extraterrestrial origin .
Note :
For the full article at AOL News , click here .
The ' July Effect ' : Worst Month For Fatal Hospital Errors
June 3 , 2010 , ABC News
http://abcnews.go.com/WN/WellnessNews/july-month-fatal-hospital-errors-study-finds/story?id=10819652
There is an old saying among some doctors -- do not let your friends and family schedule a surgery in July .
July is the month when graduates , fresh out of medical school , report to residencies in teaching hospitals .
Anecdotally , at least , it 's been a time when medical errors peak .
A new study decided to see if the so - called " July Effect " was real .
Researchers from the University of California at San Diego investigated more than 62 million U.S. death certificates between 1979 and 2006 .
Of those , 244,388 deaths were caused by a medication errors in a hospital .
Month to month , the statistics showed a relatively equal chance for a fatal medication error -- except at teaching hospitals in the month of July .
The study found that fatal medication errors spiked by 10 percent in July in counties with a high number of teaching hospitals , but stayed the same in areas without teaching hospitals .
David Phillips , [ a professor of sociology at the University of California at San Diego , and ] the lead author of the study , said ...
" There 's something going on in teaching hospitals in July , and the most common thing people think of was residents starting . "
Residents are inexperienced , often sleep - deprived -- working 36 - hour shifts in many cases .
Key Articles From Years Past
Eugenics and the Nazis -- the California connection
November 9 , 2003 , San Francisco Chronicle ( San Francisco 's leading newspaper )
http://articles.sfgate.com/2003-11-09/opinion/17517477_1_eugenics-ethnic-cleansing-master-race
Hitler and his henchmen victimized an entire continent and exterminated millions in his quest for a so - called Master Race .
But the concept of a white , blond - haired , blue - eyed master Nordic race did n't originate with Hitler .
The idea was created in the United States , and cultivated in California , decades before Hitler came to power .
Eugenics would have been so much bizarre parlor talk had it not been for extensive financing by corporate philanthropies , specifically the Carnegie Institution , the Rockefeller Foundation and the Harriman railroad fortune .
They were all in league with some of America 's most respected scientists from such prestigious universities as Stanford , Yale , Harvard and Princeton .
These academicians espoused race theory and race science , and then faked and twisted data to serve eugenics ' racist aims .
Stanford President David Starr Jordan originated the notion of " race and blood " in his 1902 racial epistle " Blood of a Nation , " in which the university scholar declared that human qualities and conditions such as talent and poverty were passed through the blood .
The Rockefeller Foundation helped found the German eugenics program and even funded the program that Josef Mengele worked in before he went to Auschwitz .
Note : Josef Mengele 's US - funded eugenics research laid the foundation for his experimentation on human subjects before and during World War II .
He went on to participate in CIA - funded mind - control experimentation after that war .
For more on Mengele , click here .
' Saucer ' Outran Jet , Pilot Reveals
July 28 , 1952 , Washington Post
http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/washingtonpost_historical/access/121378398.html...
Military secrecy veils an investigation of the mysterious , glowing aerial objects that showed up on radar screens in the Washington area Saturday night for the second consecutive week .
A jet pilot sent up by the Air Defense Command to investigate the objects reported he was unable to overtake the glowing lights moving near Andrews Air Force Base .
Methods of the investigations were classified as secret , a spoken said .
" We have no evidence they are flying saucers ; conversely we have no evidence they are not flying saucers .
We do n't know what they are , " a spokesman added .
[ Three ] radar screens in the area picked up the objects .
A traffic control center spokesman said the nature of the signals on the radar screen ruled out any possibility they were from clouds or any other " weather " disturbance .
The objects , " flying saucer " or what have you , appeared on the radar scope at the airport center at 9:08 PM .
Varying from four to 12 in number , the objects appeared on the screen until 3:00 AM . , when they diappeared .
One jet pilot observed four lights in the vicinity of Andrews Air Force Base , but was not able to over - take them , and they disappeared in about two minutes .
The jet pilot reported he had no apparent " closing speed " when he attempted to reach the lights he saw near Andrews Air Force Base .
That means the lights were moving at least as fast as his top speed - a maximum of 600 mph .
Note :
The above link to this article requires payment .
For a free copy of the article , click here .
For an abundance of media articles suggesting a major UFO cover - up , click here .
For lots more reliable , verifiable information on UFOs , see our UFO Information Center .
Kenneth Ring : ' You Never Recover Your Original Self '
August 28 , 1988 , New York Times
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=940DE1DB1E38F93BA1575BC0A96E948260
Probably the oldest mystery to vex mankind is what , if anything , occurs after death .
For a decade , Kenneth Ring , a psychology professor and researcher at the University of Connecticut , has looked into the question through the near - death experiences of others .
Mr. Ring ... talked with hundreds of people between the ages of 18 and 84 who have come close to physical death .
[ His books ]
Life at Death [ and ]
Heading Toward Omega both deal with near - death experiences and how they change people 's lives .
A near - death experience ... often happens to individuals who find themselves on the verge of imminent biological death .
It involves ... a sense of the most profound peace and well - being that is possible to imagine .
It 's a sense of being separate from the physical body and sometimes being able to see it as though a spectator off to one side or from up above .
These people have a sense of moving through a dark space or tunnel toward a radiantly beautiful white or golden light .
They are absorbed in that light , having in some cases a panoramic life review in which virtually everything that they 've ever done in their life they 're able to see ; perhaps meeting the spirits of deceased love ones or friends .
And in some cases , they are asked to make a decision as to whether they would like to continue or go back to their body .
The most powerful antidote to the fear of death is coming close to death ... and remembering one of these experiences .
After having a near - death experience , people believe the end of life is n't [ the end ] ; they believe in some sort of life after death .
[ Those ] who have a near - death experience almost totally lose their fear of death .
Finding Balance : WantToKnow.info
Inspiration Center
WantToKnow .info believes it is important to balance disturbing cover - up information with inspirational writings which call us to be all that we can be and to work together for positive change .
For an abundance of uplifting material , please visit our Inspiration Center .
See our exceptional archive of revealing news articles .
Explore the mind and heart expanding websites managed by the nonprofit PEERS network :
www.peerservice.org - PEERS websites : Spreading inspiration , education , & empowerment www.momentoflove.org -
Every person in the world has a heart www.personalgrowthcourses.net - Dynamic online courses powerfully expand your horizons www.WantToKnow.info - Reliable , verifiable information on major cover-ups www.weboflove.org - Strengthening the Web of Love that interconnects us all
Subscribe here to the WantToKnow .
info email list ( two messages a week )
The most unruly institute of learning in England and on the web !
With its uncontrollable & unpredictable students running the place , all the staff can do is watch ( but they usually join in ! )
Now Carole
Hunt is our new Head Girl I am pleased to introduce our new Deputy Head Girl , Danielle .
She is a very sexy confident lady who fit in perfectly at St Mackenzie’s .
As you watch her strip out if her tight uniform , pull down her pantyhose & panties then bend over for you , I am sure you will be delighted she can afford our private school fees : )
All models on this site were 18 years of age or older at the time of photography .
This is an Adult site , only persons aged 18 and over permitted .
Cisco Systems has announced the Cius tablet , a handheld device designed to help users run business applications and communicate in real time .
It will use the Google Android OS , feature a 7 - inch touch screen and 1.6GHz Intel Atom processor , weighs just over 1.5 pounds , and provide about eight hours of battery life , according to Cisco .
Cisco calls the Cius a " business tablet , " and also a virtual desktop designed to access cloud computing services .
Pricing is not yet final but should be under $ 1,000 , the company said .
Some units will be available this fall , though general availability is not expected until early 2011 .
[ Stay ahead of advances in mobile technology with InfoWorld 's Mobile Edge blog and Mobilize newsletter . ]
The Cius will sport 802.
11a/b/g/n
( Wi - Fi ) and Bluetooth wireless networking capabilities .
It will be able to connect to 3G mobile broadband networks , and support for 4G will be available at a later date , Cisco said .
The device will include a Micro - USB port , as well as 32 GB of flash storage and support for Secure Digital cards .
The tablet also will come with advanced communication capabilities that work with Cisco 's unified communications and collaboration tools .
It will be able to quickly establish instant - message sessions , voice calls , and videoconferencing sessions , Cisco claimed .
The device will interoperate with Cisco's TelePresence videoconferencing system and work with Cisco applications including Cisco Quad , Cisco Show , and WebEx tools .
On campuses , the tablet will be dockable into the HD Soundstation , which provides wired networking connectivity for a full desktop experience , according to Cisco 's Web site .
The docking station can also display high - definition content from the tablet on a connected monitor .
Users will also be able to connect USB or Bluetooth keyboards and mice to the docking station for a traditional desktop experience .
The Cius will come with a front - facing high - definition video camera that can record 720 p video at 30 frames per second and a 5 - megapixel camera at the back that can capture high - quality video and still images .
Users will be able to engage in live video calls when the tablet is docked or being held , the company said .
In 1886 , in Victorian London , the corrupt Lord Henry Wotton ( George Sanders ) meets the pure Dorian Gray ( Hurd Hatfield ) posing for talented painter Basil Hallward ( Lowell Gilmore ) .
Basil paints Dorian 's portrait and gives the beautiful painting and an Egyptian sculpture of a cat to him , while Henry corrupts his mind and soul , telling him that Dorian should seek pleasure in life .
Dorian wishes that his portrait could age instead of him .
Dorian goes to a side show in the Two Turtles in the poor neighborhood of London , and he falls in love with singer Sibyl Vane ( Dame Angela Lansbury ) .
Dorian decides to marry her and tells Lord Henry , who convinces him to test the honor of Sibyl .
Dorian Gray leaves Sibyl and travels abroad , and when he returns to London , Lord Henry tells him that Sibyl committed suicide for love .
Throughout the years , Dorian 's friends age while he is still the same , but his picture discloses his evilness and corruptive life .
Can he still have salvation , or is his soul ... Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
I have been informed of the incident the previous day .
And it has become a serious event in the whole of Turkey ( Where surprisingly they take animal slaughter much more serious than the states in so many examples as such .
I hope the reason is not only that it was satanique based ) I can translate my finds or those of yours ... but shall you excuse me ; I am incapable to present it to you in decent Italian ( ) .
If English would suffice here we go :
Now one of the most disgusting parts to my readings is the fact that both cats were yet a month old .
And secondly it appears that there are even websites that literally sell sacrificial animals for satanic rituals ... This individual has a netbook id of Daniela_ Victoria_ 666
And has been seriously into such activity through a very close friend whose identity has not yet been revealed .
Apparently there has been a large campaign at large to demand the name of the girl involved ( ) to be announced due to two specific laws in the Turkish legal system .
They have collected signatures through a variety of animal activist groups to total over twenty thousand .
Now I do not know if the signatures have been replied to or if the name has been unfolded through personal investigations ; but in the end her name has been revealed as to be Zerrin Sukut ( ZERRİN SÜKÜT ) .
She is 15 years of age , her msn address is hello_hayat_08@hotmail.com and her netlog address is Daniela_ Victoria_ 666 .
Her school uniform in the photographs tend to be of a school in Taksim Istanbul ( Taksim ticaret meslek lisesi ) .
She is known to live in Taksim but her adress is not public ( and even if it were I would not find it suiting to advertise it any further )
She is apparently claimed to have a pretty " free will " sexual life .
Her current boyfriend appears to be a satanist and she it is proposed that she may be trying to prove herself to him .
She is also claimed to have had traumatized emotional development and as a result of it she is willing to do anything / everything to prove herself to him .
The name of this person is rumored to have a name starting with " M " .
As you can also notice through close inspection of the photos she has a serious amount of razor cuts alongside her arms .
I found no direct resource claiming that she used drugs ... but on somewhere I have come cross her openly declaring that she used " sexual medication " ... to be honest I do not understand what exactly they may have meant by this .
And until her account was shut down in facebook ; she apparently has laughingly advertised that she was not a virgin .
For those that are curious and can handle it ... here are the photographs of her in the ritual as well as her former life style that have been used as evidence in court : BE WARNED : NOT pretty !
There is a wide range of campaigns going around the whole of Turkey in demand that she and her family gets prosecuted .
I do n't know which one you would be most interested in .
It has become literally a matter of " take your pick " .
I personally hate humans and love animals .
But even such ...
I only feel pity as I look at any of the photos .
It 's just another one of those typical humans doing their stupid things and thinking it is worth anything at all .
Okay ... one may argue whether other beasts unlike humans are incapable of sophisticated analogies over how a tree looks beautiful or not .
But let me tell you this : I can dress like Boy George or gain 800 kilo's and walk to my dog and he will still come barking at me with the same joy and warmth .
The same goes for all the animals I care for .
Please chose now :
Which sophistication REALLY matters in your life ?
None the less ...
All I feel is pity for this foolish human child .
She went as low as I would have expected one of them to accomplish :
And do note : she is not alone ... she may be of the stupidest ; but shes not the only one .
Black
GITMO will not close during Barack Obama ’s first term , where is the outcry ?
It looks as if Barack Obama is going to fail on one of his highest priority campaign promises to the far left– GITMO is most likely going to remain open because Barack Obama no longer considers the closing of GITMO to be a high priority .
Funny how priorities change once a person actually has to govern , is n’t it ?
During the campaign Barack Obama claimed that it was imperative for the United States to close GITMO because it was being used as a tool by al Qaeda for recruiting purposes , because of this– Barack Obama claimed – leaving GITMO open was a national security risk .
One of Barack Obama ’s first actions as president was signing an executive order that would close GITMO by January of this year .
Needless to say , this symbolic action was never followed up on and GITMO remains open to this day and will remain so for the foreseeable future .
Closing GITMO is no longer a high priority for this president and it seems very likely that GITMO will not close during Barack Obama ’s first term .
If Barack Obama ’s claim was true about GITMO , and it was truly the recruiting tool for al Qaeda , and national security risk that he claimed it was when he was on the campaign trail , he would be performing a dereliction of duty by allowing it to stay open .
But the truth is that GITMO is not the recruiting tool Barack Obama claimed it was , and it is not the national security risk that he claimed it was , he overstated the “ GITMO problem ” for political reasons to gain favor with the far left .
But he was n’t the only one to do so ; the issue of closing GITMO was a mission that the left was on during the Bush administration ; at one point Dick Durbin took the floor of the senate and compared our heroes serving at GITMO to the soviet Gulags , Nazis , and Pol Pot .
He did this – as did many on the left– for the despicable reason of turning the American people against a president who was trying to execute a war .
Many of us realized Barack Obama ’s executive order closing GITMO was nothing more than a public relations move designed to placate the left because there was no PLAN involved in the executive order .
There was no implementation plan in the order– just the order itself .
Considering the high profile this issue was given during the election , the media should be up in arms about this news , yet they remain silent ; ignoring this campaign promise reversal in much the same manner they ignore the Iraq and Afghanistan wars .
There is no longer a daily body count on national television ; there is nary any coverage on the war now that Barack Obama is president .
Contrast that with the coverage the wars received when George Bush was president and the difference is striking .
There are also no politicians comparing the United States military to Pol Pot and soviet Gulags , there is not the same level of outcry from leftist politicians now that Barack Obama is president .
Contrast the differing levels of outrage from leftist politicians then and now and the difference is striking .
Much the same can be said for the far left war protesters– or lack thereof– since Barack Obama became president .
The question is ; will the far left bother to protest the news that GITMO will remain open , or will they accept it as necessary now that Barack Obama is president , just as their inaction in protesting the wars as of late makes it appears as though they suddenly support the war efforts ?
Barack Obama , Dick Durbin , Jack Murtha , John Kerry , Hillary Clinton , and many more Democrats were playing political games with the United States military in general , and with GITMO in particular , and the fact that Barack Obama has put closing GITMO on the back burner is all the proof we need that GITMO was only being used for poltical gain by the left .
Today we have learned that GITMO will remain open and that Barack Obama does not think that the issue of closing GITMO is a top priority , so today I pose a question to all of you who honestly believed that GITMO needed to be shut down and those of you who thought that Barack Obama was just the man to do it ; where it the outcry ?
Artists Worldwide
Artists Worldwide is one of America 's leading entertainment companies operating in Los Angeles , California .
From its roots in artist representation , the Company is currently home to more than 60 Artists and Entertainers .
Founded in 1999 , Artists Worldwide 's core vision remains unchanged : build a company that respects the creative process while maximizing earnings and fiscal responsibility .
The Lib Dems missed a golden opportunity genuinely to re-shape politics in this country by failing to negotiate seriously with us on constitutional reform .
My colleague Andrew Adonis has already written about their weird proposal that the alternative vote be introduced without a referendum , but they also failed to push for the " plus " on the end of AV that would produce proportional representation .
This leaves Nick Clegg pontificating about " the biggest shake - up of our democracy since 1832 " in a speech that offered no protection for the Human Rights
Act and made no mention of the genuine electoral reform that his party was supposed to champion .
It is time for Labour to end the ambivalence that prevented us from honouring our 1997 manifesto commitment to a referendum , offering the British people a choice between the current system or a proportional alternative .
In the late 90s , it was difficult trying to convince some colleagues to change the electoral system that had given us a landslide majority and it's fair to say that there was no sense that the public wanted change .
In addition , many of my colleagues argued outcome rather than process .
They recognised that the first - past - the - post system ( FPTP ) forced voters to choose between the party they wanted to run the country and the person they wanted to represent them .
They accepted that , in large swaths of the country , votes were wasted as safe seats rarely changed hands .
They appreciated that the battle of political ideas at election time was focused exclusively on a minority of swing voters in marginal seats .
But they argued that FPTP produces a clear outcome and strong , single party government .
Does anyone doubt that , between the expenses scandal and the outcome of the general election , the landscape has utterly changed ?
And changed for ever .
Contemplate the outcome of this general election as you read the words of David Cameron in the Evening Standard last year : " The coalition governments [ PR ] inevitably creates , inevitably descend into backroom deals that betray the will of the people .
Instead of voters choosing their government on the basis of the manifestos put before them in an election , party managers put together a government that suits them after rounds of horse - trading and bargaining for power . "
An accurate description of what was to come under a voting system that was supposed to avoid it .
So what now ?
The Labour leadership election has spawned much necessary internal contemplation and will produce more rhetoric about empowering the electorate .
Here 's how we turn the platitudes into policy .
The new government is committed to a referendum on a new voting system .
It will contain two options — the current first - past - the - post system and the alternative vote .
It will be the first time in the history of our democracy that its citizens will have a say in how their votes are translated into political power .
What possible argument can there be against adding the recommendation of the Independent Commission on the Voting System , AV + as a third option ?
It retains the constituency link , extends voter choice and is broadly proportional .
I hope that all the opposition parties , backed by a popular movement throughout the country , unite to press the Tory - Lib Dem government to give the public the option of genuine electoral reform in a referendum .
If not , I will certainly be making the case within my own party to submit legislative amendments to that effect .
Alan Johnson is MP for Kingston - upon - Hull West and Hessle
Ever wanted to sleep inside a shark ?
Me neither , I 've just always wanted to cuddle .
But if you 're in college and want to experiment before settling down in a relationship , make sure to get your roommate blackout drunk first .
Then when he wakes up in the morning and can't remember anything tell him he had a fine - ass girl over .
But it was really you .
The $ 200 ChumBuddy was designed by Kendra Phillips ( of The Girls Next Door fame ) and sleeps one adult or several children if you pack them in really tight .
It 's a sleeping bag !
It 's a stuffed toy !
IT 'S A SHARK !
In an effort to make sharks ( a very misunderstood animal that also happens to be one of my favorites ) more cuddly , I designed and produced a prototype for the ChumBuddy .
This 7 foot monster plush was 100 % hand sewn ( sewing machines hate me ) from fleece and felt & contains about 30 lbs of poly - fill .
The bag is available for pre-order now and ships in the fourth quarter .
Which -- call it in the air , heads or tails .
Oho , tails !
You owe me a dollar .
I 'll bet you another dollar I know where you got your shoes .
On yo feet !
Pay me .
Hit the jump for one more shot of the awesomeness .
Product Site
via
Kendra Phillips ' Portfolio
Thanks to Erika and bunnyman , who have only slept in dolphins .
A GAO audit classified nearly half of all purchases on government credit cards as improper , fraudulent , or embezzled .
Examples include gambling , mortgage payments , liquor , lingerie , iPods , Xboxes , jewelry , Internet dating services , and Hawaiian vacations .
In one extraordinary example , the Postal Service spent $ 13,500 on one dinner at a Ruth ’s Chris Steakhouse , including “ over 200 appetizers and over $ 3,000 of alcohol , including more than 40 bottles of wine costing more than $ 50 each and brand - name liquor such as Courvoisier , Belvedere and Johnny Walker Gold . ”
The 81 guests consumed an average of $ 167 worth of food and drink apiece .
Source : Heritage Foundation
June 1 , 2010
PEOPLE AROUND the world reacted with furious protests after Israeli commandos carried out an assault on a flotilla of boats carrying humanitarian aid and solidarity activists to the besieged Gaza Strip .
At least 10 activists were killed and dozens more injured when Israeli soldiers -- operating under cover of darkness in the early morning hours of May 31 - - attacked .
Twenty - four hours after the assault , the Israeli government still had not released the names of those killed or injured .
According to a statement from the Free Gaza Movement , an organizer of the flotilla :
Under darkness of night , Israeli commandos dropped from a helicopter onto the Turkish passenger ship , Mavi Marmara , and began to shoot the moment their feet hit the deck .
They fired directly into the crowd of civilians asleep ... Streaming video shows the Israeli soldiers shooting at civilians , and our last SPOT beacon said : " HELP , we are being contacted by the Israelis . "
The ships were brought to the Israeli port of Ashdod , and the activists were detained .
According to one press report , some activists agreed to sign a statement saying they would n't attempt to enter Israel again and were being held until deportation -- but others were refusing to sign and had been taken to a prison in southern Israel .
Israeli soldiers fire on solidarity activists after landing on the deck of the lead ship in the Gaza Freedom Flotilla
From the time of the assault , Israel clamped down on any and all communication with the activists .
One Guardian reporter , who encountered several at an Israeli hospital in Ashkelon , just north of Gaza , wrote :
[ A ] Greek man in a neck brace told reporters : " They hit me . "
Who ?
" Pirates , " he answered .
A dazed man with a striking black eye was unloaded from an ambulance .
There had been " some brutality " on board , he said , but the activists were nonviolent .
" We are all Palestinian now , " he said as the doors of the ER closed behind him .
With the voices of the activists almost completely silenced , Israeli officials spread claims that the commandos had faced a violent and " premeditated " attack by the peace activists .
Though the U.S. mainstream media lapped up the Israeli version , the story rang hollow .
Judging from video of the assault , at most , some passengers on the ship resisted with sticks and other items that came to hand .
" Aid volunteers are unlikely , however , to have posed much real challenge to trained Special Forces operatives , " wrote Middle East expert Juan Cole on his Informed Comment blog .
As the Electronic Intifada Web site wrote in an editorial :
The Israeli media strategy appeared to be to maintain censorship of the facts such as the number of dead and injured , the names of the victims and on which ships the injuries occurred , while aggressively putting out its version of events , which is based on a dual strategy of implausibly claiming " self - defense , " while demonizing the Freedom Flotilla passengers and intimating that they deserved what they got .
Even Israeli officials had to admit , however , that the attack took place in international waters .
Since the main vessel where the violence took place was flying a Turkish flag , the Israeli assault amounted to an attack on " Turkish and international civilians on Turkish soil , " Frank Barat , a peace activist living in London , who worked on organizing the flotilla along with the Free Gaza Movement .
" So I think what 's going to happen with Turkey in the next few days is going to be very interesting . "
THE ATTACK on the flotilla spurred protests in many countries .
According to Al - Jazeera , an organization of Palestinians inside Israel has called for a general strike .
At a Palestinian demonstration at Qalandiya checkpoint in the West Bank on Monday , an American activist with the International Solidarity Movement was shot in the face with a tear gas canister .
Emily Henochowicz was rushed to a Jerusalem hospital , where surgeons reportedly removed her left eye .
Anger ran especially high in Turkey , where many of the solidarity activists are from .
According to press reports , tens of thousands of people gathered in Istanbul to protest , with smaller numbers demonstrating outside the Israeli embassy in the capital of Ankara and the U.S. consulate in Adana .
The Turkish Foreign Ministry condemned Israel 's " inhumane practices " - - a sign of a further breakdown in relations with a country that was once one of Israel 's few allies in the region .
The U.S. government 's criticisms , on the other hand , were tepid .
A White House spokesperson stated that President Obama " deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries sustained . "
As Barat pointed out , " If any other country in the world had acted the way Israel did , I 'm sure the U.S. government would say there needs to be a full investigation .
The U.S. government has to be put under pressure to act in a responsible manner and stop the double standard it always applies to Israel . "
The activists ' boats were carrying 10,000 tons of desperately needed aid .
Basic goods such as concrete , toys , workbooks , food and medical supplies have been barred from getting to Gaza under the siege that Israel imposed , with the cooperation of the U.S. government , following the victory of the Islamist party Hamas in elections for the Palestinian Authority in January 2006 .
Israeli officials claimed the activists could have avoided a confrontation if they had delivered the aid to an Israeli port , where it could have been transported to Gaza " through appropriate channels , " said Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon .
" On a daily basis , we do that . "
But this is a lie -- exposed in the statements of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) contradicting Israeli claims that its siege lets through enough food and supplies .
According to WHO , hunger stalks the population of Gaza , and one in 10 people are physically stunted from malnutrition .
That was only one of many fabrications to emerge from the Israeli propaganda machine .
Israeli government officials claimed wildly that the peace activists were connected to " international terrorism . "
Reporters were denied access to the activists to hear their side of the story -- but were encouraged to talk to a parade of Israeli officials and soldiers peddling the story that the commando team was armed only with non-lethal paintball weapons , and was attacked by activists carrying out a plan to " lynch " them .
Journalists for mainstream news organizations were traveling with the flotilla , and some managed to get word out as the assault was launched .
As the Associated Press reported :
An al - Jazeera journalist delivering a report before Israel cut communications said Israel fired at the vessel before boarding it .
In one Web posting , a Turkish television reporter on the boat cried out , " These savages are killing people here , please help " -- a broadcast that ended with a voice shouting in Hebrew , " Everybody shut up ! "
Eventually , media reports began to acknowledge that the Israeli assault had " gone badly awry . "
But as Electronic Intifada pointed out , blame for the massacre should be shared :
A new Steampunk blog will soon be available .
Southern Steampunk will address issues dealing with Steampunk in the South .
This is an invitation for contributors to post to this blog as the muse inspires you to do so .
Let 's talk making , fashion , alternate history , whatever else inspires you ... just make it from the Southern perspective .
Please let me know if you all are up to this challenge so I can get you set up as contributors .
We are looking for bloggers from : Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Virginia .
Also , do n't forget to visit http://www.anachrocon.com to keep up to date on
A bicyclist trying to avoid a collision was hit and killed when he was run over by an AC Transit bus Wednesday afternoon , police said .
The accident occurred a little after 4:30 p.m. on MacArthur Boulevard near Patterson Avenue in Oakland , said AC Transit spokesman Clarence Johnson .
The cyclist and a bus on the NX line were traveling in the same direction when the cyclist apparently tried to steer away from a car door as it was opening .
He ended up striking the door and bounced off it into traffic .
The bus drove over him , said Oakland Police Department spokesman Jeff Thomason .
The victim was taken by ambulance to a hospital , where he died .
He was identified by the Alameda County Medical Examiner 's Office as Erik Fitzpatrick , 35 , of Oakland .
The bus driver said she was unaware of what happened and drove for about a block until she was alerted - perhaps by a boarding passenger - that the cyclist was down , Johnson said .
He said the driver was distraught .
As is policy , the veteran driver will be tested automatically for drugs and alcohol , but those substances did not appear to be a factor , Thomason said .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Is it going to be possible to ever cap the Deepwater Horizon oil blowout ?
Maybe not , says National Geographic :
Such recovery operations have never been done before in the extreme deep - sea environment around the wellhead , noted Matthew Simmons , retired chair of the energy - industry investment banking firm Simmons & Company International … .
Slant drilling — a technique used to relieve pressure near the leak — is difficult at these depths , because the relief well has to tap into the original pipe , a tiny target at about 7 inches ( 18 centimeters ) wide , Simmons noted .
“ We do n’t have any idea how to stop this , ” Simmons said of the Gulf leak … .
If the oil ca n’t be stopped , the underground reservoir may continue bleeding until it ’s dry , Simmons suggested .
And how much oil would that be ?
Via the New York Times :
BP ’s chief executive , Tony Hayward , has estimated that the reservoir tapped by the out - of - control well holds at least 50 million barrels of oil .
That would be about 2 billion gallons of oil .
If all of this floods out , it would be the biggest oil spill in history by a huge margin and 20 times bigger than the biggest previous spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
From the National Geographic piece : “ The 1979 Ixtoc oil spill , also in the Gulf of Mexico , took nine months to cap .
During that time the well spewed 140 million gallons ( 530 million liters ) of oil — and the Ixtoc well was only about 160 feet ( 49 meters ) deep , noted retired energy investment banker Simmons . ”
Even if the well is capped , this is going to be a huge spill .
The spill rate , originally estimated at 50,000 gallons a day and then 210,000 gallons a day , might actually be as much as a million gallons a day — or maybe even more .
But it ’s hard to tell because BP is using chemical dispersants to send most of the oil to the bottom of the sea .
This keeps it off the shore , but might end up doing more damage in the long run .
Nobody seems to know for sure .
FLINT , Michigan — Scientist Kristian J. Carlson spent a year studying skeletons from an ancient South African cave — and possibly has helped discover a new species of prehistoric man .
The Flint native ’s work with a team of scientists in Johannesburg , South Africa , is gleaning international fame after the group ’s discovery of 2 million - year - old fossils that have been called the “ Rosetta Stone ” of humanity .
Carlson , 39 , who grew up near Mott Park , is leading the analysis of the unearthed partial bones of “ apemen ” who apparently lived during one of the world ’s most mysterious periods and who may have been the direct ancestors of humans .
“ To have this level of involvement with this kind of work , it ’s a dream come true , ” said Carlson , who has lived in South Africa for nearly two years .
He is a senior researcher at the Institute for Human Evolution , University of the Witwatersrand , in Johannesburg .
He has traveled around the world to study the bones of the newly announced species , found in 2008 near the Cradle of Humankind World Heritage Site at the Malapa excavation area , about 170 miles from Johannesburg .
Findings on the new species , Australopithecus sediba , were published in April .
They offer key clues to theories on the ape - to - man transition — from living in trees to full life on land — and could write a new chapter in evolutionary history .
“ It ’s really getting at the question of where we come from , ” said Carlson , who attended St. Paul Lutheran Elementary school in Flint and still considers himself religious .
“ ( Humans ) like to know the order of things .
We ’re very inquisitive and want to know how we got here .
At what point did our brains become similar to what they are ? ”
The group is not calling the sediba a missing link , but members believe the rare find will fill a critical gap .
And the discovery is making waves in the science community after being announced in the journal Science last month and also airing on a CBS “ 60 Minutes ” segment .
“ People can go their whole careers without finding one specimen , ” Carlson said .
“ Having this good of material to work with ... it ’s sort of like an unfilled crossword puzzle with so many opportunities and places to start .
There ’s a clean slate .
“ We ’ve announced it , so the scientific community knows about it , and now we ’ll spend our lifetime studying it . ”
Carlson is among a team of six scientists led by principal investigator Lee Berger , a paleoanthropologist at the University of the Witwatersrand .
On a hunt , Berger ’s now 11 - year - old son spotted one of the fossils — that of a young male .
There are some records of species before and after the sediba , but scientists have yet to determine when hominids made the transition from dependency on life in trees to life on the ground .
“ We do feel that possibly sediba might be a Rosetta Stone for defining for the first time just what the genus Homo is , ” Berger said in April .
The sediba was comfortable in two worlds , walking on two legs but still swinging from trees .
The apemen had short powerful hands and fingers like humans but long tree - climbing arms like apes .
They had an advanced pelvis and long legs that could have allowed them to run in a stride similar to humans .
Their smaller brains , more delicate facial features and smaller teeth also gave them features that are closer to humans than those from the next closest ancestor , scientists say .
The well - preserved fossils , which are of an adult female about 30 years old and an adolescent boy with a complete skull , were apparently buried in shallow water underground between 1.78 million and 1.95 million years ago .
Findings on two other partial skeletons of an adult female and an infant have n’t been published yet .
They were found among skeletons of a saber - toothed cat , an antelope , mice and rabbits .
“ The completeness of these two skeletons is extremely rare , ” said Carlson , also a senior researcher and research associate in Indiana University Bloomington ’s Department of Anthropology .
“ The time this comes from , around 2 million years ago , is also a big mystery for all of us in the field .
We have a good idea of what was earlier and what was later , but there ’s this gap .
“ For us , it ’s the combination of all these things that makes this a unique find . ”
Carlson , who said he believes in God , expects some fundamentalists to dismiss the findings ’ implications because they indicate humans evolved from something apelike .
The fossils also are being hailed as marking a new link between the traits of the Australopithecus africanus species , which was present 1 million years earlier , and the later taxon Homo habilis , which eventually evolved into the Homo erectus , scientists say .
IU anthropology professor Kevin Hunt , who advised Carlson when the Flint native was earning his doctoral degree at IU , said he is most interested in the regional characteristics shown in the fossils .
Their features are unlike the usually rugged fossils from South Africa identified by heavy faces and huge molars .
He said South African species always have been viewed as a side branch that was isolated from other evolving species — but that the discovery indicates interbreeding and a link between East Africa and South Africa .
“ This shows that this species was evolving all over Africa , ” he said .
“ That suggests all of the fossils in South Africa have to be taken seriously as ancestors of modern humans .
It must be part of the regular puzzle of human evolution . ”
Hunt said he was not surprised by Carlson ’s significant role in the study .
“ He ’s been a world traveler ever since he left Flint and is becoming an international name , ” Hunt said .
“ Wherever he goes , he seems to make himself invaluable .
It ’s wonderful to see him be a part of this team . ”
Carlson , who lived in Flint before moving to Pennsylvania for high school , is giving his family back home some bragging rights .
“ They ’re working with this treasure trove .
One of his remarks was he wakes up and every day is Dec. 25 , ” said father Jim Carlson of Flint Township .
“ He ’s had so many life experiences up to this point , but now he ’s into some really new findings that are historic in proportion to the whole field of science and evolution , and we thank God for that .
This is huge . ”
Well that did n't work .
Windows ( .zip version available )
Mac OSX
Linux ( 32 - bit only )
The theme of this month was Casual Addiction .
I came up with the bare bones of an idea , without any real belief that it would make a fun game , and decided to implement it and see what made it fun .
Four days in , with virtually nothing to show for it , I realized this entire thing felt very familiar .
Almost like I 'd done this before !
And , shockingly , it worked just as well this time .
I am amazed !
Are you amazed ?
We are all amazed .
What I 've realized , albeit a bit too late for this project , is that I absolutely need a clear vision of what I 'm working towards .
If I do n't know what I 'm trying to code , I can't code it .
Now , it 's fine if this ends up morphing as I code , it 's fine if what I end up with bears only tangential relation to what I originally intended to make .
But I need that anchor point to work for , and I did n't have it .
That is something I 'm going to be watching for in the future .
I 'll describe what I was working for , though .
Maybe someone else can make it entertaining !
I was planning on working Casual Addiction very deeply into the game idea .
You were going to be a drug dealer , and part of the game would involve getting your customers hooked and then getting lots of money from them .
But that was a double - edged sword .
The more customers you had , the more the cops started noticing you .
Unfortunately for you , just shutting down one of your dealerships would n't really solve the problem – now your customers would be looking for a new dealership to buy from , and in the process of searching , attract even more police attention .
Similarly , your less - alert drug runners had a chance of being noticed by police ( this is Bad ) .
You could assign guards to them . . . but that would , in the process , reduce their Alertness even further , as they 'd start relying on the help .
So basically , whatever you did with an intent to make your life easier would result in you being locked into that long - term , with a huge amount of pain to un - do it .
I was hoping to balance things such that the " way to win " was basically stay low and under the radar and not try to make it big , while being a Big Drug Dealer would result in a cataclysmic meltdown unless you realized what was going on and bugged out early .
The problem is that I did n't have any mechanics for any of this .
I was thinking of having Police and Runners walking around the world , but I was never happy with my mental image of how it would work .
I was thinking of abstracting Police into some basic values , but I never came up with actual mechanics .
I did n't have a game , I had a pile of unconnected ideas .
And , as a result , I do n't have a game .
I 've seen this exact same problem play out over and over , which is why it 's kind of embarrassing to realize I 've been doing it myself .
It 's the classic class - project or group - project issue .
One person says " hey roleplaying games are awesome , let 's make an RPG " but nobody has a clear view of what they 're actually trying to make .
They know it 's got main characters , and a game world , but there 's simply no coherent vision .
If nothing else , I 'd say that coherent vision is the most important thing to get , and fast .
With Nieuwe Aarde I was forming the vision even as I was doing the first development , but less than an hour in I knew I 'd have islands and you 'd build buildings on those islands and there would be a monster attack once in a while .
That 's the core of Nieuwe Aarde , and once I had that implemented I was fine to spend a day tweaking and polishing .
So , if you 're trying to make a game : write down your plans first .
If you do n't know roughly how game balance is going to work before you 've written your game , you 're certainly not going to be able to figure it out midway through .
The only thing that went right this month was that I recognized a recurring pattern .
With luck , I 'll be able to stop making that mistake in the future .
Will Michael and Walt return ?
When will we get the Others ' backstory ?
Just in time for the show 's Feb. 7 return , '' Lost ' ' producers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof tackle the best of the many tough questions you sent in
Lost type TV Show Where to watch Close Streaming Options
You ’ve got questions , we ’ve got answers — straight from the mouths of Lost exec producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse .
We sifted through more than 2,000 queries from EW readers and presented the most pressing to the powers that be .
What happened to Michael and Walt ?
CARLTON CUSE :
We put a pin in the Michael and Walt story for the season , but by no means is it over .
It would be very strange for the end of Michael and Walt to just send them off in that boat without any acknowledgment of what has happened .
But if you look at the bigger picture of Lost , there ’s a circularity to the way that story is going to unfold in the overall mythology , and that is a long , planned approach .
Yes , we ’ll get back to the Michael and Walt story , and it will be really compelling when we do .
But that ’s most likely a year 4 story .
DAMON LINDELOF : Michael and Walt are the first characters on the show to ” get off the island . ”
But the pervasive question remains :
What is ” off the island ” ?
Are we going to get the history of the Others in one shot , or will this be revealed over time ?
LINDELOF : It ’s definitely unfolding .
We will begin to find out how certain members of the Others joined the Others .
Episode 7 should play as a surprise to some audience members that Juliet was not born on the island — she came off the island and was recruited by the Others .
So some of them were born there and some of them were recruited , but what they are there to do will be revealed before who put them there and why .
CUSE : The connection between the Others and Dharma gets revealed in episode 11 .
When will we see Libby again ?
Will we ever learn how she got into the mental hospital with Hurley ?
CUSE : Given everything else we have to tell , that ’s going to be a mystery that ’s going to have to get answered in year 4 .
LINDELOF : There ’s really one significant missing piece to Libby ’s story .
We saw in the season finale last year that she met with Desmond , she gave him his boat , and we know that her husband died — and then we know that subsequent to that , she spent some time in a mental institution , the same one as Hurley .
The question the audience wants answered is , How did she get from A to B — from Desmond to the mental institution ?
We know the answer to that question , but the only way to tell that story is through another character ’s flashback , and that character would have to be another character on the show who is not among the beach dwellers .
What is the significance of the horse that Kate saw ?
CUSE : People seem mystified by this .
I would say this :
We have seen a number of apparitions on the island , from Jack ’s dad to Kate ’s horse .
You ’ll be getting more of an understanding of those apparitions during the course of this season .
LINDELOF : What is the nature of those apparitions ?
By definition , an apparition should n’t be something you could go up and touch , or that other people should be able to see .
And yet , Kate ’s horse is real .
It is living in the physical world .
Sawyer sees it ; Kate goes up and touches it .
Does the horse bear a striking resemblance to a horse that provided her an escape in her past as a fugitive , or is it the same exact horse ?
That is a fundamental question .
But look at the show in total .
Here ’s Christian Shepherd [ Jack ’s dad ] .
Here ’s Yemi [ Eko ’s brother ] .
Here ’s the horse .
Here ’s Walt .
[ Remember , Walt appeared to Shannon , and later to Shannon and Sayid in a backwards - speaking vision . ]
Are all those things the same thing , or are some of them different things ?
CUSE : We ’re also using these things to set up an animated sitcom spin - off called ” Kate ’s Horse and Sayid ’s Cat . ”
LINDELOF : That ’s right .
Sayid ’s cat is coming up in episode 11 .
We ’re not joking .
CUSE : Except for the animated part .
What is the meaning or significance of the two skeletons that Jack and Kate found in the cave of season 1 ?
CUSE : The answer to that question goes to the nature of the timeline of the island .
We do n’t want to say too much about it , but there are a couple Easter eggs embedded in [ the Feb. 7 episode ] , one of which is an anagram that actually sheds some light on the skeletons and hints at a larger mythological mystery that will start to unfold later in the season .
LINDELOF :
There were certain things we knew from the very beginning .
Independent of ever knowing when the end was going to be , we knew what it was going to be , and we wanted to start setting it up as early as season 1 , or else people would think that we were making it up as we were going along .
So the skeletons are the living — or , I guess , slowly decomposing — proof of that .
When all is said and done , people are going to point to the skeletons and say , ” That is proof that from the very beginning , they always knew that they were going to do this . ”
Last season , we saw in Ana Lucia ’s flashback that she witnessed an argument between Christian Shepherd and a woman in Australia , in which Christian demanded to see his daughter .
The burning question / conspiracy theory that fans have is this :
Is Claire Jack ’s half sister ?
CUSE : We ’re not going to answer that question — but the show will .
In the next six episodes .
Did Desmond ’s failure to press the button REALLY cause the plane to crash — or is there more to this story ?
LINDELOF : In terms of the pragmatic reality , Oceanic 815 never would have crashed had Desmond pushed the button .
But is there a larger , more faith - based , spiritualized reason that these people happened to be on that plane when he failed to press the button ?
If Desmond had n’t run into Jack at that stadium , would he have made the same choices that he made in his life ?
They all impact each other ’s lives .
The fact that that guy is on that plane up there , and Desmond brings that plane down , it speaks to an interrelatedness among characters , why these people , why do they all connect .
No amount of mythological answers will ever speak to this .
That ’s the one thing that when the show ends , you wo n’t have a causal explanation for why did all these people interconnect .
Why some , why not others ?
The answer is just that they just do .
The show is a massive Rube Goldberg device , in which all the components of the machinery are humans .
Even though The Hatch blew up , will we return to the mystery of the Dharma map that Desmond ’s previous Hatch occupants were painting on the retractable blast door ?
CUSE : We will be visiting another Dharma station soon .
But the map becomes less important , because when they visit this new station , they ’ll be getting some new information that helps them understand where the Dharma people lived and where their stations are .
Will Penelope ever become a significiant character , and when will we get a follow - up to the monumentally dramatic revelation at the end of season 2 that the EM burst was detected off the island ?
CUSE : Penelope ’s story continues in episode 8 [ Feb. 14 ] in Desmond ’s flashbacks .
We put that scene at the end of the season finale for a reason , and like the anagram , they ’re components to a larger revelation .
You ’ll learn more about why we put that scene at the end of season 2 by the end of season 3 .
Does time pass differently on the island than off the island ?
LINDELOF : That ’s a really perceptive question .
We know that the Others taped the Red Sox win the World Series in 2004 … so that would seem to indicate that time flows the same both on and off .
But then again , when the sky turns purple and the ground shakes … wait .
Hold on .
Carlton is wringing my neck .
CUSE : Yes .
Time passes very slowly because they do n’t have American Idol to watch .
In the ” death of Mr. Eko ” episode , it was my interpretation that the Monster was able to assume human form , i.e. , Eko ’s brother .
Am I crazy for thinking that ?
And will we learn anything more about the Monster ’s origins this season ?
LINDELOF : You ’re not crazy .
You will see the monster again this season .
Its origins , however … well , you ’ll have to wait .
CUSE : Whether or not you learn more about it will depend on how obsessive you are .
If you enjoy recording the program and studying individual frames , you might .
But really , is that healthy ?
Is there a mystery you will never solve ?
LINDELOF : We will never give story time to revealing the construction of the infamous rope bridge .
CUSE : And honestly , we ’re never going to tell you why the French lady has a Yugoslavian accent .
Need a quick refresher on where Lost left off ?
See Scott Brown ’s cheat sheet and catch up here .
A group of seventh - graders in California has discovered a mysterious cave on Mars as part of a research project to study images taken by a NASA spacecraft orbiting the red planet .
The 16 students from teacher Dennis Mitchell 's 7th - grade science class at Evergreen Middle School in Cottonwood , Calif. , found what looks to be a Martian skylight — a hole in the roof of a cave on Mars .
The intrepid students were participating in the Mars Student Imaging Program at the Mars Space Flight Facility at Arizona State University .
The program allows students to frame a research question and then commission a Mars - orbiting camera to take an image to answer their question .
IN PICTURES : Mars Spirit rover :
What a long - range trip it's been
The newfound hole on Mars resembled features seen on other parts of Mars in a 2007 study by Glen Cushing , a U.S. Geological Survey scientist .
Cushing suggested that these anomalous pit craters are like skylights — places where a small part of the roof of a cave or a lava tube had collapsed , opening the area below the surface to the sky .
The caves are thought to result from volcanic activity on the red planet .
At some point lava channels likely carved out caverns in the rock , and then left behind tunnel , or " lava tubes , " when the eruptions were over .
They would have been covered when a solid ceiling of cooled material settled on top , and then sections of the ceiling likely collapsed at some point to form the skylight entrances .
Scientists are n't sure what type of materials or deposits could be stored inside .
" This pit is certainly new to us , " Cushing told the students .
" And it is only the second one known to be associated with Pavonis Mons . "
He estimated the pit to be approximately 620 by 520 feet ( 190 by 160 meters ) wide and 380 feet ( 115 meters ) deep at least .
The young researchers had initially set out to hunt for lava tubes , a common volcanic feature on Earth and Mars .
" The students developed a research project focused on finding the most common locations of lava tubes on Mars , " Mitchell said .
" Do they occur most often near the summit of a volcano , on its flanks , or the plains surrounding it ? "
The class commissioned a main photo and a backup image of Mars ' Pavonis Monsvolcano , targeted on a region that had n't been imaged up close .
The pictures were taken by NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter using its Thermal Emission Imaging System ( THEMIS ) instrument .
Both images showed lava tubes , as the students had hoped .
But the backup photo provided another surprise : a small , round black spot .
It was a hole on Mars leading into the buried cave , researchers said .
The students have submitted their site to be further imaged by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which could reveal enough detail to see inside the hole in the ground .
" The Mars Student Imaging Program is certainly one of the greatest educational programs ever developed , " Mitchell said .
" It gives the students a good understanding of the way research is conducted and how that research can be important for the scientific community .
This has been a wonderful experience . "
RELATED :
IN PICTURES : Mars Spirit rover :
What a long - range trip it's been
June 29 , 2010 -- Adult obesity rates increased in 28 states in the past year , with the No. 1 ranking going to Mississippi , where 33.8 % of adults are obese , according to a new report , “ F as in Fat : How Obesity Threatens America ’s Future 2010 . ”
Other major findings in the report :
38 states have adult obesity rates above 25 % .
( No state had an obesity rate above 20 % in 1991 . )
10 of the 11 states with the highest rates of obesity are in the South .
The number of states where obesity rates exceed 30 % has doubled in the past year , from four to eight -- Alabama , Arkansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , Oklahoma , Tennessee , and West Virginia .
19.1 % of people in Colorado are obese , the lowest rate of any state .
The number of adults who report they do not engage in any physical activity rose in 12 states in the past year .
Adult obesity rates for African - Americans and Latinos are higher than obesity rates for whites in at least 40 states and the District of Columbia .
Among adults who did not graduate from high school , 33.6 % were obese , compared to 22 % with college degrees .
12 % of high school students are obese and 15.8 % are overweight .
10 of the 11 states with the highest rates of diabetes are in the South , as are the 10 states with the highest rates of hypertension .
High rates of obesity are associated with lower incomes , race , ethnicity , and less education , according to the report from the Trust for America ’s Health ( TFAH ) and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
“ Obesity is one of the biggest public health challenges the country has ever faced , and troubling disparities exist based on race , ethnicity , region , and income , ” Jeffrey Levi , PhD , executive director of TFAH , says in a news release .
“ This report shows that the country has taken bold steps to address the obesity crisis in recent years , but the nation ’s response has yet to fully match the magnitude of the problem . ”
Levi , a professor of health policy at George Washington University School of Public Health and Health Services , says that “ millions of Americans still face barriers -- like the high cost of healthy foods and lack of access to safe places to be physically active -- that make healthy choices challenging . ”
Among other key findings :
Soon to be a no-smoking area
DIESEL engines , with their rough - and - ready , spark - plug - free method of fuel ignition , have a reputation for being smoky and smelly .
These days , that is a bit unfair .
Fussy consumers and even fussier regulations mean the sophisticated diesels used to propel modern cars are pretty much as clean as their petrol - powered , sparked - up equivalents .
But the heavy - duty diesels employed in ships still have a long way to go .
And that matters .
Research by James Corbett of the University of Delaware estimates that soot from ships ' diesels contributes to 60,000 deaths from heart and lung disease every year .
Dirty ships ' diesels also produce oxides of nitrogen — the main ingredient of smog .
Now that land - based nitrogen - oxide pollution is being cleaned up , about 30 % of the world 's remaining emissions of the stuff are reckoned to come out of the funnels of seagoing cargo vessels .
The problem is incomplete combustion .
The long - chain hydrocarbons used as diesel fuel do not burn as easily as the lighter ones found in petrol .
Some of the carbon therefore ends up as soot , rather than carbon dioxide , and oxygen that should be combining with carbon combines with nitrogen from the air instead .
But there may be a way out .
Though it sounds bizarre , mixing water into the fuel helps it to burn better .
The heat of combustion breaks water molecules up .
The resulting hydrogen atoms help to split hydrocarbon molecules , making them more combustible , while the oxygen released goes on to combine with the carbon , ensuring that more of it burns .
All this has , in truth , been known for years .
But previous attempts to turn it into practical technology have failed .
Reinhard Strey of the University of Cologne is , however , having another go .
He thinks he has cracked the main ( and obvious ) difficulty — that oil and water do not easily mix .
His answer is to use a surfactant .
This is a molecule or molecular combination that has different properties on different parts of its surface : in particular , one part prefers to dissolve in water whereas another part prefers oil .
Adding a surfactant to a mixture of oil and water therefore binds the mixture together and allows it to form an emulsion of water droplets dispersed in oil .
( The dispersants being used against the Gulf of Mexico oil spill work similarly , to create droplets of oil in water . )
That is effective , and has been tried in the past .
But it is only part of the trick .
Previous attempts to mix water and diesel fuel this way have resulted in emulsions that still separate , albeit more slowly than a surfactant - free mixture would .
In practice , fuel can hang around in a tank for a long time , so for the process to be useful , the emulsion has to be stable for ever .
Dr Strey was not put off by these previous failures .
He searched for years and eventually lighted on a mixture of oleic acid ( a fatty acid found in various vegetable oils ) and nitrogen - containing compounds called amines .
This mixture dissolves readily in diesel fuel and binds water to it without any need for stirring .
The water droplets themselves can be as small as a nanometre ( a billionth of a metre ) across .
That they are so small helps stabilise the emulsion .
The result is , in effect , a liquid sponge , and means the mixture can be stored indefinitely , like ordinary diesel , without risk of separation .
The result , when it is burned , is the near - complete abolition of soot , and a reduction of up to 80 % in nitrogen - oxide emissions .
The surfactant itself also burns without creating emissions beyond water , carbon dioxide and nitrogen .
The next stage is to test the mixture in the real world .
MTU , a German engine - builder , is now looking into the matter .
If all goes well , though , the days when a smoking funnel was an icon of every child 's drawing of a ship on the horizon may be numbered .
Hospital stays certainly are shorter now : the average stay was 4.6 days in 2007 , down from about 5.7 days in 1993 .
But the readmissions problem is not simply the result of compressed care , experts say .
“ Hospitals tend to focus their efforts on the admissions process , because that ’s when the patient is most sick , ” said Dr. Mark V. Williams , one of the authors of the study .
“ The discharge process can be just as important but rarely gets the same level of attention . ”
At discharge , the assumption is that the patient is better and all will be fine , said Dr. Eric A. Coleman , a geriatrician and professor of medicine at the University of Colorado Denver .
But many patients , especially older ones , leave the hospital with a host of issues to manage .
They may have additional medications to take , new symptoms to monitor and follow - up appointments to keep , all of which require focused attention at a time when patients may not be at their sharpest .
What ’s more , while insurers will pay for limited hospital stays , there ’s no financial incentive for hospitals to insure that patients get out and stay out .
“ A hospital may actually be financially rewarded for a mishandled discharge , ” said Dr. Williams , chief of hospital medicine at Northwestern University .
“ If the patient is readmitted , they get paid again . ”
Discharge planning winds up being an overlooked issue because it “ falls into the space between billable events , ” said Dr. Coleman .
After months of rumors , confirmation of a sequel to the 2009 PlayStation 3 hithas surfaced , with Sucker Punch Productions again handling development on the open - world action game .
Consumer print publication Game Informer made the game public when it revealed its July issue cover image , featuring a considerably redesigned version of series protagonist Cole MacGrath .
That character makeover served as the underpinning for one of the more substantiated rumors of the game 's existence .
Late last year , actor David Sullivan posted a now - removed Twitter message claiming his involvement in the " re-casting of Cole in the sequel of , " which he subsequently further confirmed in several posts , all of which were also removed . " ' I 'll melt your face . ' e.g , " the actor added , presumably as an example of in - game dialogue he had recorded .
The originalsold more than a million copies , and received positive reviews .
Seattle - area development studio Sucker Punch , also known for itsplatformer series , is independent but has developed exclusively for Sony platforms ever since it completed its 1999 Nintendo 64 title
Apparently , making the most commercially successful movie in history was n't enough for James Cameron .
Now the famed director of " T2 " and " Avatar " has convinced NASA to truck a 3D camera all the way to Mars .
That 's the news this week from the Pasadena Star - News , which reports that Cameron " lobbied hard " for the inclusion of 3D technology on the 2011 voyage of the Mars rover Curiosity .
Three years ago , NASA had made plans to take a 3D camera to Mars , but the plan was scaled back over budgetary concerns and time - constraints .
This January , Cameron approached NASA administrator Charles Bolden , and suggested that 3D video would help earthbound viewers better understand NASA 's Martian missions .
Bolden agreed .
" It 's a very ambitious mission .
It 's a very exciting mission , " Cameron told the Star - News .
" [ The scientists are ] going to answer a lot of really important questions about the previous and potential future habitability of Mars . "
Over at Vanity Fair , blogger Juli Weiner has some fun with the fact that Cameron managed to persuade NASA to fork over a little extra cash – and extra time – to get the 3D camera on the Curiosity .
" Sound familiar ?
That ’s because this is exactly what happened to every James Cameron movie throughout history , " Weiner wrote .
" Cameron , who does not work at NASA and is not a scientist , simply would not stand for this less expensive , not - as - cool cameras . "
Any way you slice it , it 's been a busy year for 3D technology .
First came the success of 3D movies such as " Avatar . "
Then we heard about 3D television screens , and 3D video game systems , and even 3D $ 100 bills .
Can a 3D Mars landing really be so far behind ?
Or to look at it another way , should NASA be spending the cash to bring the 3D revolution to outer space ?
Drop us a line in the comments section .
A woman ca n’t consent to sex unless she knows who she is sleeping with , the Ontario Court of Appeal said Friday in the case of a man convicted of sexually assaulting his identical twin brother ’s girlfriend .
In a 3 - 0 ruling , the court dismissed an appeal by the man , who headed to the darkened bedroom of his brother ’s apartment and crawled in beside the woman after a night of partying in September 2006 .
“ In the beginning , the complainant mistakenly thought the sexual activity was with someone with whom she had an ongoing consensual relationship , ” said Justice Stephen Goudge , who wrote the appeal court ’s decision .
“ Such a relationship is a deeply personal one in which the identity of the sexual partner is fundamental , ” he said .
The woman , then 48 , said it was only when she later flicked on a light that she realized to her horror the man she had sex with was not her boyfriend but his brother .
Her boyfriend had a facial disfigurement caused by an accident , the court was told .
The events took place in a town in southwestern Ontario .
A publication ban has been imposed on the key players ’ names .
The woman used to live in the town and on regular trips back to visit her children often stayed over in her boyfriend ’s apartment .
She said she had consumed nearly a bottle of wine on the night in question and when others at the party left the apartment to go to a bar , she stayed behind , heading to her boyfriend ’s bed to sleep .
About three hours later , when everyone had returned to the apartment to continue the party , the boyfriend told his twin , who was feeling tired , to go to the bedroom to lie down .
The convicted twin argued it was the woman who initiated sexual activity .
Appearing before the appeal court earlier this year , the man ’s lawyer , Peter Copeland , argued that even though the woman had been mistaken about his client ’s identity , she had agreed to have sex with him , so he is not guilty of any crime .
The man , now 30 , noted he is slimmer than his brother and said that part way through the encounter , he asked the complainant if she was “ sure ” she wanted to continue .
That hardly amounted to making his identity perfectly clear to the complainant , said the three - judge appeal panel , agreeing with an assessment by the trial judge .
“ It is hardly surprising , from the complainant ’s perspective that night , the identity of her sexual partner was an inseparable component of any consent to sexual activity , ” Goudge wrote .
“ Subjectively , she did not voluntarily agree to sexual intercourse with anyone other than ( her boyfriend ) . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The appeal court concurred with Crown counsel Kim Crosbie ’s submission that the man was “ reckless and wilfully blind ” to the absence of consent .
The man was sentenced to six months in jail .
The Liberal Democrats are right to advocate voting reform .
Unfortunately the voting system they favour – the alternative vote ( AV ) – has serious weaknesses .
AV , which involves ranking candidates by order of preference , is opaque , potentially complex and does a poor job of reflecting voters ' preferences .
It can exclude the candidate preferred to every other candidate by a majority of voters early on in the runoff process .
Worse , a candidate who would have won can wind up losing if he or she garners more first place support in the course of a campaign .
This happens because the increased support the candidate receives in a campaign can change the order in which candidates will be dropped and votes reallocated in arriving at a result .
In the technical literature , this is referred to as violating the monotonicity condition – the idea that if a candidate wins more support , this should not adversely affect his or her prospects .
For instance , suppose 21 voters are voting for three candidates : Alice , Bob and Charlie .
Eight voters rank the candidates Alice 1 , Bob 2 , Charlie 3 ; two rank them Bob 1 , Alice 2 , Charlie 3 ; five rank them Bob 1 , Charlie 2 , Alice 3 ; and six rank them Charlie 1 , Alice 2 , Bob 3 .
Since Charlie has the fewest first - place votes , he is eliminated , and those six votes now have Alice in first place , so she wins 14 to 7 .
But suppose the vote were slightly different , and the two voters who put Bob first had instead ranked Alice top ( Alice 1 , Bob 2 , Charlie 3 ) .
Now Bob , with only five first - place votes , is eliminated and those five rankings then have Charlie in first place , so Charlie wins 11 to 10 .
Moving Alice up in a few rankings converts her from a winner to a loser , because in doing so there is a change in which candidate is eliminated .
The upshot is that under AV voters cannot know for sure whether a vote for the candidate they favour will help or hurt that candidate .
Even first - past - the - post , with all of its flaws , does not suffer from this problem , since under that system no candidate set to win an election could lose by gaining more support at the expense of other candidates .
Approval voting does not encounter these difficulties .
In this system , voters are allowed to give one vote each to the candidate or candidates which they support , with the candidate having the most votes winning .
The main advantage approval voting has for the voter is that it allows a person to vote both sincerely and strategically at the same time to better reflect his or her preferences .
As such , it has the additional advantage of getting rid of the wasted vote and the spoiler role in elections , which is necessary to open up the political process to third parties .
Had approval voting been in place in Florida during the 2000 presidential election , Al Gore surely would have won .
In the British general election , approval voting would probably have yielded a less skewed result in terms of parliamentary seats .
For instance , in those constituencies with a Conservative plurality alongside a majority divided between Labour and Liberal Democrats which did not prefer the Conservative candidate , the majority under approval voting would have been able to reflect this fact in their voting patterns and the outcome .
This is why the new government should embrace approval voting in single - member constituencies when the time comes for a referendum on electoral reform .
It would be fairer than the current system , and the Lib Dems ' presence in government gives it a decent chance of being enacted .
• Professor Robert Z Norman contributed to the research for this article .
Glenn Beck excels at expressing adventurous thoughts in memorable language , but he outdid himself when , one morning last summer , he offered a diagnosis of President Obama .
He said , “ This President , I think , has exposed himself as a guy , over and over and over again , who has a deep - seated hatred for white people , or the white culture .
I do n’t know what it is . ”
( The context was one of the summer ’s most entertaining reality shows — the one starring the black Harvard professor and the white police officer who arrested him . )
In September , Beck sat for an interview with Katie Couric , and she asked him a deceptively simple question , which had been posed by a Twitter user named adrianinflorida : “ what did u mean white culture ? ”
Whatever adventurous thoughts this query inspired , Beck did not seem eager to share them .
“ Um , I , I do n’t know , ” he said .
Finally , after two minutes of temporizing , he arrived at a nonresponsive response that was both honest and sensible : “ What is the white culture ?
I do n’t know how to answer that that ’s not a trap , you know what I mean ? ”
“ Miss America ” ( 1987 - 88 ) .
Photograph by Lyle Ashton Harris / Crg Gallery
Often , the most appropriate answer to that question is a joke , or a series of jokes .
In 2008 , a canny young white Canadian named Christian Lander started a blog called “ Stuff White People Like , ” which soon became a best - selling book bearing the same title ; it listed a hundred and fifty of white people ’s favorite things , from recycling to the Red Sox .
( This magazine made the list , too , at No. 114 . )
Lander ’s tone is faux - anthropological but wide - eyed : “ Bike shops are almost entirely staffed and patronized by white people ! ” ; “ After learning that a white person is pregnant , it is a good idea to provide a list of recipes for placenta . ”
His “ white people ” are wealthy , urban , youngish , and thoroughly blue — they “ hate ” Republicans , and although Obama had n’t yet won the Democratic nomination , he placed eighth on the list .
( Coffee was No. 1 . )
Which means that Lander is n’t really talking about white people , or , at any rate , not most of them .
In fact , he sometimes defines “ white people ” in opposition to “ the wrong kind of white people , ” because his true target is a small subset of white people , a white cultural élite .
Most white people do n’t “ hate ” Republicans — they have voted Republican in every Presidential election since 1968 .
A few months ago , a different and more demographically precise portrait of white culture arrived , bearing a fulsome blurb ( “ Revelatory ! ” ) from Lander himself .
The author is a black journalist named Rich Benjamin , and his book , “ Searching for Whitopia ” ( Hyperion ; $ 24.99 ) , chronicles the years he spent in overwhelmingly white enclaves across America , from Coeur d’Alene , Idaho , to Forsyth County , Georgia .
The people he meets tend to be politically conservative , and although they talk readily about the urban blight they left behind , they talk much less readily about race .
Many in Idaho seem to agree with Helen Chenoweth - Hage , the late congresswoman , who responded to a question about the region ’s lack of diversity by means of an ingenious euphemism .
“ The warm - climate community just has n’t found the colder climate that attractive , ” she said .
Benjamin hears many disavowals of racism , and he has to drive an hour north of Coeur d’Alene , to a tiny Christian Identity church , in a town called Sandpoint , just to find someone willing to say , “ I ’m glad I ’m white . ”
Even that statement , delivered from the pulpit , is swiftly followed by a disclaimer : “ The Indian , the Mexican , and the black can be proud of what they are , too . ”
Benjamin did most of his research toward the end of the Bush era , and perhaps he now wishes he had waited a few years .
Obama ’s election was a transformative moment for blacks in America , but it has also proved to be a transformative moment for whites .
As a whole , white people voted for Senator McCain , and , with the growth of the anti-Obama backlash , especially in the form of Tea Party protests , the whiteness of the Obama opposition has become a political issue .
Keith Olbermann , of MSNBC , called the Tea Party movement “ a white people ’s party , ” and asked , in reference to the various marches and rallies , “ Where are the black faces ? ”
( The most adroit response came in the form of a YouTube video highlighting the all - white lineup pictured on the MSNBC Web site . )
When Jon Stewart introduced a “ Daily Show ” segment on the Conservative Political Action Conference , he got a laugh from his studio audience by calling it a “ festival of whites . ”
( Stewart ’s show ranked thirty - fifth on Lander ’s list . )
The organizers of the Tea Party rallies have made a point of inviting African - American conservatives to address the crowds .
But there ’s no denying that the Tea Party protesters tend to be white .
Should we pretend to be surprised ?
Judging from exit polls , black voters made up about 1.1 per cent of the McCain electorate , which is lower than the historical average , but not by much .
( In 1984 , when President Reagan was reëlected in a landslide , black voters accounted for only about 1.5 per cent of his total . )
American politics has been segregated for decades ; the election of a black President only made that segregation more obvious .
But what of it ?
Why is it that , from Christian Lander to Jon Stewart , a diagnosis of whiteness is often delivered , and received , as a kind of accusation ?
The answer is that the diagnosis is often accompanied by an implicit or explicit charge of racism .
It ’s become customary to suppose that a measure of discrimination is built into whiteness itself , a racial category that has often functioned as a purely negative designation : to be white in America is to be not nonwhite , which is why it was possible , in 1961 , for a white woman from Kansas living in Hawaii to give birth to a black baby .
In a marvellously splenetic essay , “ On Being White . . .
And Other Lies , ” James Baldwin argued that America had , really , “ no white community ” — only a motley alliance of European immigrants and their descendants , who made a “ moral choice ” ( even if they did n’t realize it ) to join a synthetic racial élite .
And , in the nineteen - nineties , a cohort of scholars took up Baldwin ’s charge , popularizing a field of research that came to be known as whiteness studies .
In 1994 , the white labor historian David R. Roediger published an incendiary volume , “ Towards the Abolition of Whiteness . ”
Paying special attention to unions and strikes , he traced the unsteady growth of American whiteness , a category that eventually included many previous identities that had once been considered marginal : Irish , Italian , Polish , Jewish .
“ It is not merely that whiteness is oppressive and false ; it is that whiteness is nothing but oppressive and false , ” he wrote .
“ Whiteness describes , from Little Big Horn to Simi Valley , not a culture but precisely the absence of culture .
It is the empty and therefore terrifying attempt to build an identity based on what one is n’t and on whom one can hold back . ”
In his view , fighting racism was n’t enough ; white people who wanted to oppose oppression would have to do battle with whiteness itself .
Nearly two decades later , amid a rancorous debate over our first black President , the idea of abolishing whiteness seems no less tantalizing — and no less remote .
In a wide - ranging new book titled “ The History of White People ” ( Norton ; $ 27.95 ) , Nell Irvin Painter , a black historian of America , starts at the beginning , or near it .
Her narrative opens in ancient Greece , with Hippocrates , who published his ethnography of the known world around 400 B.C.
In assaying the tribes of Europe , he praised the “ ferocity ” of the mountain - dwellers , but he was less impressed by tribes who live where there is “ a larger proportion of hot than of cold winds ” — the warm - climate community , a few millennia ahead of schedule .
“ They are rather of a dark than of a light complexion , ” he wrote , adding that “ courage and laborious enterprise are not naturally in them . ”
In time , “ ancients ” like Hippocrates were seen as archetypes of racial purity and excellence .
Painter quotes the eighteenth - century Swiss physiognomist Johann Kaspar Lavater , who delivered a plaintive verdict : “ The Grecian race then was more beautiful than we are ; they were better than us — and the present generation is vilely degraded ! ”
Like many of his contemporaries , Lavater was a devout craniologist , and it was through craniology that whiteness was given scientific validation .
In 1793 , a German anthropologist named Johann Friedrich Blumenbach received a skull from a colleague which he considered particularly pleasing ; it had belonged to a woman from Georgia , in the Caucasus region , and Blumenbach declared that it was typical of the “ Caucasian ” race , a super - category that came to include most of the peoples of Europe .
As Painter explains , Blumenbach was making an argument from beauty , and his belief in Caucasian beauty had a notable pedigree : decades earlier , Kant had noted that “ Circassian and Georgian maidens have always been considered extremely pretty by all Europeans who travel through their lands ” ; the fact that these “ maidens ” were enslaved by the Ottomans was part of the appeal .
The Caucasian race begins with an evocation of bondage , and the skull of a young Georgian woman helped seal the connection between whiteness and weakness .
It is a delicate race , always on the verge of being overrun or adulterated , dethroned or debunked .
The supposed perfection of whiteness makes it vulnerable : every flaw and quirk , every tangled bloodline and degraded specimen , is seen as an existential threat , poised to undermine the whole project .
In eighteenth - century America , whiteness came to connote the opposite of slavery .
Whiteness in America was primarily Anglo - Saxon — Thomas Jefferson argued for American independence by adducing the example of “ our Saxon ancestors ” — but not exclusively so , and the presence of immigrants from elsewhere in Europe eventually nudged American race theorists toward a more miscellaneous idea of whiteness .
In 1856 , Ralph Waldo Emerson published “ English Traits , ” which includes a strange and suggestive chapter called “ Race . ”
In it , he portrays the essence of whiteness as an elusive spirit .
For a time , Norway had it , and Painter notes Emerson ’s “ affection ” for the bloodthirsty old Norse sagas : “ A pair of kings , after dinner , will divert themselves by thrusting each his sword through the other ’s body , as did Yngve and Alf . ”
But even these brutes were , in their own way , as delicate as Circassian waifs .
Somehow , the glorious moment passed — a few too many “ piratical expeditions , ” he suspects — and “ the power of the race migrated and left Norway permanently exhausted . ”
Around the same time , in his journal , Emerson was experimenting with a more ambitious theory .
“ The Atlantic is a sieve through which only or chiefly the liberal adventurous sensitive America - loving part of each city , clan , family , are brought , ” he wrote .
“ It is the light complexion , the blue eyes of Europe that come : the black eyes , the black drop , the Europe of Europe is left . ”
This is a powerful notion : America as a magical siphon , extracting whiteness from Europe .
Emerson is a high point in “ The History of White People . ”
As the theorists and theories pile up , Painter starts to seem , like nineteenth - century Norway , a bit exhausted .
She is n’t helped by the format she has chosen , which divides a long and circuitous story into a textbook - like series of three - page biographical sketches , and she often sounds bored by the now obscure race men she profiles : William Z. Ripley ’s 1899 magnum opus , “ The Races of Europe , ” is “ nonsense ” that “ could not survive a careful reading ” ; early twentieth - century Anglo - Saxonist theories are “ blather . ”
One need n’t disagree with her judgments to wonder about her strategy : the tone and the format conspire to make these architects of whiteness hard to distinguish , and harder still to care about .
An odd thing about “ The History of White People ” is that there ’s not more history in it : Painter underplays the social and political developments that were far more influential than the grand theories of whiteness .
She mentions America ’s one - drop rule only in passing .
( The rule held — and , for the most part , still holds — that any person of mixed black and white ancestry is black , no matter the mixture . )
And readers will have to search the footnotes to learn about the 1790 Naturalization Act , which made citizenship possible for any “ free white person ” of “ good character ” who had lived in America for at least two years .
Long before it had any sort of coherent cultural or historical identity , whiteness in America was a broad , loosely defined political category , which is precisely why so many scholars knocked themselves out trying to fill in the details .
Painter aims for the conceptual heart of the race , but Roediger , the eminent abolitionist of whiteness , has always been more interested in its margins and boundaries .
In 2008 , just in time for the dawning Obama age , he compressed his decades of scholarship into a pithy little book , “ How Race Survived U.S. History , ” which has just been published in paperback ( Verso ; $ 19.95 ) .
He is alert to the shifting legal status of whiteness , and he underscores the 1691 Virginia law that banned “ negroes , mulattos , and Indians ” from “ intermarrying with English , or other white women . ”
( Again , one of the defining qualities of whiteness is that it needs protection . )
He also tells the story of Charles W. Janson , a British businessman who came to America in 1793 and , sometime during his thirteen - year visit , offended a white domestic worker by asking to speak with her master .
“ I have no master , ” she said , adding , “ I ’d have you to know , man , that I am no sarvant ; none but negers are sarvants . ”
Janson was shocked by “ the arrogance of domestics in this land of republican liberty and equality ” — shocked , that is , by a country where even the maids had something to be proud of , and someone to be prouder than .
“ Could you stop referring to the interest rate as ‘ the vig ’ ? ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The end of the Civil War was a perilous moment for whiteness .
Roediger writes that , in America , “ scientific racism ” — the sort of grand theorizing that Painter chronicles — emerged “ in the context of the pro-slavery argument and as a response to abolitionism . ”
Whiteness survived emancipation by becoming more muscular and more self - referential : where once whiteness offered a specific legal benefit — it meant that you were unenslavable , a non -“ sarvant ” — now whiteness had to be its own reward .
Roediger writes that some poor white laborers in the South started wearing brimless wool hats , to distinguish themselves from ex-slaves , who customarily wore straw hats .
( According to one contested etymology , the sunburn such laborers suffered gave rise to the term “ redneck , ” which conflates race and class . )
And he tracks the insurgent whiteness of the Ku Klux Klan , founded after the end of the war and revived in 1915 , the year of D. W. Griffith ’s blockbuster “ The Birth of a Nation , ” which portrayed Klansmen as heroic defenders of white virtue .
( The pivotal scene involves a white woman on a cliff , who tells her black pursuer , “ Stay away or I ’ll jump ! ”
He does n’t ; she does . )
“ The Birth of a Nation ” included intertitles with brief history lessons from President Woodrow Wilson , and Roediger quotes the most famous card , which marks the transition from war to Reconstruction : “ The white men were roused by a mere instinct of self - preservation . . . until at last there had sprung into existence a great Ku Klux Klan , a veritable empire of the South , to protect the Southern country . ”
That astonishing sentence comes from Wilson ’s “ History of the American People , ” but it ’s not really a sentence at all : the ellipsis marks the removal of nearly seven hundred words .
In Wilson ’s original , the apologia for the Klan is meant to echo the eighteenth - century argument for American independence :
The white men of the South were aroused by the mere instinct of self - preservation to rid themselves , by fair means or foul , of the intolerable burden of governments sustained by the votes of ignorant negroes and conducted in the interest of adventurers : governments whose incredible debts were incurred that thieves might be enriched , whose increasing loans and taxes went to no public use but into the pockets of party managers and corrupt contractors .
The film depicts a clash between whites and blacks ( one of the main villains is an ambitious mulatto politician ) , but , in this passage , “ ignorant negroes ” are a secondary concern , a mere symptom of a greater problem .
In Wilson ’s telling , Klan violence serves to defend white rights against “ adventurers ” from the North — that is , against other white people .
In the twentieth century , the struggle to define and defend whiteness was often presented this way , as an intra-racial struggle — white people against “ the wrong kind of white people . ”
The race theorist Lothrop Stoddard warned against “ racial impoverishment , ” and enumerated the “ alien stocks ” that were taking over Rhode Island : “ Poles , Polish and Russian Jews , South Italians , and French - Canadians . ”
Because of the legal tradition begun by the 1790 Naturalization Act , courts were often asked to judge the whiteness of immigrants from all over the world —
Afghans and Armenians , Persians and Portuguese — and judges appealed to common sense , or to the anthropological entity known as the Caucasian race .
But who counts as Caucasian ?
Madison Grant , in “ The Passing of the Great Race , ” a supremely pessimistic work of race theory first published in 1916 , admitted defeat : “ The term ‘ Caucasian race ’ has ceased to have any meaning , except where it is used , in the United States , to contrast white populations with Negroes or Indians or in the Old World with Mongols . ”
Grant was right that the putatively scientific term “ Caucasian ” was becoming interchangeable with its colloquial counterpart , “ white ” ; both referred to a category that was growing simultaneously more inclusive ( of Europeans ) and more exclusive ( of “ Negroes ” and “ Mongols ” and others ) .
Your nose is a paradox .
In some ways the human sense of smell is astonishingly precise .
For example , natural gas companies add a smelly molecule called n- butyl mercaptan to natural gas , which is odorless by itself , so that people can sniff gas leaks .
All it takes is one n- butyl mercaptan molecule for every 10 billion molecules of methane to do the trick .
To put this precision in perspective , imagine you are standing in front of two Olympic - size swimming pools .
One of them contains a grand total of three drops of n- butyl mercaptan , and the other has none .
Your nose could tell the difference .
But do n’t get too smug , because in other ways your sense of smell is practically useless .
To judge for yourself , find someone to help you run a simple experiment .
Close your eyes while your partner raids your refrigerator and then holds different foods under your nose .
Try to name each scent .
If you ’re like most people , you ’ll bomb .
In a number of studies , scientists have found that people tested on items in their own kitchens and garages give the wrong answer at least half the time .
And as bad as we normally are at identifying smells , we can easily be fooled into doing worse .
If orange food coloring is added to cherry - flavored soda , for example , people are more likely to say that it smells like oranges .
Noam Sobel of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel and his colleagues have been puzzling over this paradox for the past several years .
What has been missing in the science of smell , they argue , is a meaningful way to measure it — an olfactory yardstick .
Now they have built one .
That it has taken so long for someone to come up with a yardstick for smell is something of a scandal .
Scientists who study vision , for example , know that light with a wavelength of 620 nanometers will appear a particular shade of orange .
They know with perfect certainty that orange is closer in wavelength ( and perceived color ) to yellow than it is to green .
And they have used such objective measures about light and vision to learn a great deal about the biology that allows us to see .
Scientists who study smell have had no equivalently objective way to judge , for example , whether the smell of roses is closer to spearmint or vanilla .
Part of the reason for this lack of an odor yardstick may have been the common belief that the human sense of smell is crude .
Dogs and other mammals have a better sense of smell than we do , but their prowess does n’t mean our noses are useless .
In fact , as Sobel and his colleagues demonstrated in a 2007 experiment , humans can do a pretty good impression of a bloodhound .
Sobel and company went into an open field and set down 30 yards of twine scented with chocolate .
Then they brought together 32 people and gave them a mission : Follow the trail using nothing but your nose .
The scientists put blindfolds on their subjects so they could not see the twine .
Earmuffs blocked out sounds .
Elbow pads , knee pads , and work gloves shielded them from tactile clues .
Only their noses could provide them with information .
The subjects got down on all fours about 10 feet from the start of the scent trail .
Then they started to sniff .
Remarkably , most of the volunteers were able to find the twine .
Even more remarkably , 21 of them were able to follow its scent from start to finish .
Whenever they veered off course , they sniffed their way back .
Not only did they track the scent impressively well , but they also improved with practice .
The scientists arranged for some of the subjects to run the course for 45 minutes a day for three days ; they cut their times and improved their accuracy .
When Sobel ’s human bloodhounds put their noses to the ground , they drew in a gaseous cocktail of many different kinds of molecules — from the dirt , the grass , and anything else riding along in the air .
Those molecules then latched onto olfactory receptors located on nerve endings in their nostrils .
Only certain molecules , one theory holds , have the right shape to latch onto certain receptors .
A given receptor can snag a number of different odor molecules , and a given odor molecule can latch onto several different receptors .
Each nerve in a person ’s nose builds all its receptors using just a single gene .
The olfactory neurons are the only ones in the central nervous system that are directly exposed to the air .
When a receptor grabs a molecule , it causes an electric signal to travel the length of the neuron from the nasal lining to the smell - processing regions of the brain .
There , the neuron converges with thousands of other neurons delivering their own signals .
The brain does not just passively accept all these signals .
If we learn how to tell two odors apart through one nostril , for example , we are able to tell them apart with the other nostril as well .
The learning happens in the brain , not in the nose .
All this complex signal processing means that we can distinguish among thousands of different odor molecules .
Sobel and his colleagues recently set out to pin down how that process works by determining the relationship between the structure of a molecule and the way it smells .
The scientists began by building a database of 1,500 odor- producing molecules , cataloging 1,664 different traits — their size , the strength of the chemical bonds between their atoms , and so on .
Next , Sobel and his team looked for patterns in this dizzying cloud of data using a statistical technique known as principal component analysis , a method commonly employed to analyze large sets of data and tease out patterns .
They searched for traits that consistently varied in lockstep with one another from molecule to molecule .
A few key traits account for a lot of the variation in structure from one molecule to the next .
For instance , the size of a molecule varies along with how tightly its atoms are packed .
Sobel used these patterns to give each molecule in his database a single , simple score , like notches on a yardstick .
This yardstick , Sobel soon determined , is not just a statistical abstraction .
It has a deep connection to how we smell the world .
The researchers selected molecules from different intervals along the yardstick and had people sniff them .
The farther apart the molecules were on the yardstick , the easier it was for people to tell them apart by their odor .
Sobel also got a striking result when he asked people to report how pleasant or unpleasant they judged various smells to be .
Molecules ranked at one end of the yardstick stank to high heaven .
At the other end , they were delightfully fragrant .
The yardstick did such a good job of measuring the quality of odors that the scientists could use it to predict just how pleasant ( or unpleasant ) people would rate a new molecule .
To see whether this yardstick is universal , neurobiologist Nathalie Mandairon and her colleagues at the University of Lyon in France decided in 2008 to test Sobel ’s odor - ranking system on mice .
The researchers picked a set of odors and observed how long the animals sniffed them .
The closer an odor was to the pleasant end of Sobel ’s yardstick , the longer the mice spent smelling it .
Sobel ’s odor yardstick seems to have uncovered a fundamental truth about the nature of smell .
When the noses of our distant ancestors evolved into sophisticated molecular detectors , he suggests , they started to process key traits to come up with a simple measurement — an internal yardstick .
Our ancestors felt pleasure when they sensed smells that signified desirable things ( a mother ’s teat , a ripe piece of fruit ) and moved toward them .
They felt disgust or fear at odors that signified danger ( rotting corpses or a predator ’s feces ) and moved away .
Our sense of smell is not a purely automatic system , however .
An odor , Sobel argues , is more than the physical properties of a molecule ; it is also the emotions these properties summon up .
This is where learning comes in .
We can learn to fear certain smells that signal danger , just as we learn to make associations with dangerous sights or sounds .
At a deeper level , our brains can revalue the same smell for different conditions .
The smell of bacon may be alluring if you are hungry , but after a fourth helping , the same smell can start to get sickening .
Scientists can see this revaluing take place within the brain as emotion - regulating regions change their activity .
As a result , we can use pleasure and disgust as a guide not just for finding the right kinds of food but also for eating the right amount .
These links to emotion and learning also help explain why a single whiff can summon up powerful memories .
Using Sobel ’s yardstick , scientists may be able to start untangling the paradox of smell : why we are so good at distinguishing odors and so bad at naming them .
Our brains appear to have evolved an elegant way to reduce the dizzying variety of molecules in our environment into a simple scale based on what matters most about scents — whether they smell good or bad .
By giving different odor molecules a place on the yardstick , we can distinguish fine gradations among them .
Although this method may be helpful and efficient , it does n’t give us much information that we can use in putting a name to different smells .
Imagine that someone showed you pictures of different types of fruit and had you name each one .
Now imagine that the pictures zoom in on a single patch of color on each piece of fruit .
You might be easily able to tell the difference between two shades of red without being able to say which belonged to a strawberry and which to a raspberry .
This analogy , Sobel argues , actually understates the difficulty we have in naming smells .
He draws a distinction between odor molecules and “ odor objects . ”
There is a visual object we call “ banana ” that encompasses our experience of seeing a banana .
There is also an odor object version of “ banana , ” a combination of the inherent pleasantness of the molecules released by the fruit ( as measured by Sobel ’s yardstick ) and our subjective mental state when we encounter them .
Emotions are notoriously hard to put into words , and the emotions wrapped up in odors make the problem of identification even harder .
Supreme Court judge Potter Stewart famously wrote in 1964 that pornography was hard to define but that he knew it when he saw it .
In the same way , we may not be able to put a name to an odor , but we sure know when something stinks .
A US renewable energy company is proposing to meet the Government ’s target of generating 500 megawatts of electricity from ocean energy systems by 2020 , holding out the possibility of generating tens of thousands of jobs in Ireland
Ocean Power Technologies ( OPT ) made the announcement last night at a reception in the US ambassador ’s residence in Dublin ’s Phoenix Park during the course of a two - day workshop on marine energy and “ smart grids ” .
According to Robert Jawitz , of Rockhouse Mountain Energy ( RME ) , which is investing in the project , it would have the potential to create “ tens of thousands of jobs ” in Ireland as all the hardware required for marine turbines would be manufactured here .
The wave power systems to be installed at an undisclosed location on the west coast would be produced by OPT , a Nasdaq and AIM - listed company that specialises in wave energy using its proprietary PowerBuoy device .
“ The excellent wave climate , the proactive support of the US embassy and the visionary policies and plans of the Irish Government ... will allow for an OPT wave farm with a total capacity of 500 mw to be installed off the Irish coast by 2020 , ” Mr Jawitz said .
He explained that OPT had been “ quietly working in the water ” since 1997 , when it installed its first buoy off the coast of New Jersey .
The next two were installed in Hawaii at a US naval base , where security meant that the development fell “ under the radar ” .
The two 40 - kilowatt buoys were each 30 metres tall – “ like a small ship ” – and stood in 50 metres of water , tethered to the seabed .
“ After four continuous years of testing , they ’ve survived two hurricanes already , ” Mr Jawitz said .
OPT was now building a 150 - kilowatt buoy in the Orkney Islands and was also carrying out further tests off the coast of Spain , while a 2 - megawatt installation would be completed off the coast of Oregon by the end of this year , he said .
Working with Irish contacts , Mr Jawitz toured the west coast of Ireland looking for suitable sites and selected three based on their “ connectability ” to the electricity grid – but he declined to identify them because of commercial confidentiality .
He said OPT would have the capacity to install a 40 - megawatt wave turbine but plans to start with a 5 - megawatt wave energy device , as this could proceed without delay under the terms set by the Commission for Electricity Regulation .
He also revealed that OPT was holding talks with Irish foundries over building all of the devices it would need to meet “ all ” of the Government ’s target of 500 - megawatts for ocean power .
This would involve constructing 1,000 40 - megawatt buoys .
According to Mr Jawitz , “ we ’re talking about a $ 2 billion number ” ( € 1.54 billion ) in terms of investment .
This would create “ tens of thousands of jobs ” in construction and even more indirectly , “ and the real key is whether Ireland can step up to the plate ” .
He was referring to the need for a more streamlined approval process that would “ clear all the obstacles ” to such developments .
There would also be a need for OPT to find suitable partners in Ireland , such as electricity suppliers , State agencies “ and even banks ” .
“ We ’re pretty confident based on the contacts we ’ve had here that this is going to happen , ” Mr Jawitz said .
Yesterday , it was announced that independent Irish firm Energia has signed a preliminary agreement with an American company , Ocean Energy Systems , for the installation of a prototype wave energy converter on a test site off Belmullet , Co Mayo .
Powered by 2.5 metre - high waves , the prototype device is capable of supplying 500 kilowatts of electricity to the grid , using a technology developed in the US by Dr Michael McCormick , who specialised in ocean wave energy at the US Naval Academy .
Energy workshop : generating renewable electricity
MORE THAN 150 business leaders and senior government officials from the Republic and Northern Ireland as well as representatives of US companies and research institutes are participating in a two - day energy workshop organised by the US embassy in Dublin .
The workshop , held at Farmleigh House yesterday and moving to Stormont today , is exploring new business opportunities in offshore marine electricity generating devices and use of “ smart grid ” management tools to integrate wave and wind power into electricity generation .
The event was opened by Minister for Communications , Energy and Natural Resources Eamon Ryan , who said the workshop “ will help us tap into the potential we have for renewable energy in Ireland , particularly off our coasts ” in meeting Government targets .
US ambassador Daniel Rooney , who hosted a reception for attendees last night , said the turnout indicates “ the vast potential for future collaboration by companies and research institutions on both sides of the Atlantic ” in renewable energy .
The event is supported by Mr Ryan ’s department , the North ’s Department of Enterprise , Trade and Investment , IDA Ireland , Invest Northern Ireland , the Ibec - CBI Joint Business Council , the Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland and Science Foundation Ireland .
General electric : renewable energy proposal
IRELAND IS seen by US giant General Electric ( GE ) as a “ great test market ” for developing a smart grid system to accommodate the Government ’s “ very large targets ” for renewable energy .
Bob Gilligan , vice - president for digital energy services , said yesterday that the company was already supporting a similar initiative in Hawaii , helping increase the use of wind and solar power on islands with no domestic source of fossil fuels .
“ The island of Ireland is seen by many as the perfect place to test and develop marine renewable energy .
It has extensive offshore marine territory and the island ’s coastline is among the best in the world for offshore wind , wave and tidal resources , ” he said .
A smart grid would be needed to accommodate electricity generated from these resources , he explained .
This would involve moving away from an energy system based on central generation , transmission and distribution , as it had been for the past 100 years .
Mr Gilligan defined a smart grid as “ a marriage of information technology and process technology to optimise the use of existing systems and squeeze more time out of them ” as well as involving electricity consumers more directly than at present .
“ We ’re working on that in Hawaii today , integrating renewables with energy storage and consumer response , ” he said .
“ The same can be done here on a larger scale , with the opportunity to develop a significant cutting - edge industry by the end of the next decade , ” he added .
Describing GE as a “ big broad player in the energy industry ” , he said it was “ committed to helping shrink the carbon footprint ” of electricity generation worldwide while at the same time “ increasing the energy capacity and reliability that countries need to thrive . ”
With nearly 85,000 employees worldwide and revenues of $ 37 billion ( €29 billion ) last year , GE Energy describes itself as “ one of the world ’s leading suppliers of power generation and energy delivery technologies ” .
We did it our way .
That is , after pushing names up , down , onto and off of this list for weeks , even months ( though it felt like years ) , we finally threw aside conventional , TMZ - derived notions of fame and notoriety and just went at it .
In a city fat with boldfaced names , who ’s big in our view of this city , and why ?
Who do we care about ?
Who ca n’t we avoid , even if we want to ?
Subjective ?
Of course ; as with any appraisal of something as vaporous as celebrity , this is n’t an exact science .
On the other hand , it is n’t rocket surgery , either .
Once we began looking at the famescape through Weekly - colored glasses , it fell into place more easily .
But not too easily .
Go ahead , try it yourself : Compare Harry Reid with Criss Angel .
Who ’s more famous in a Vegas context ?
As that little thought exercise shows , there are fluctuating , maddening , inconsistent standards at work .
We cop to that right here .
Celebrity in Las Vegas is a funny animal .
True , we ’re a city of 2 million - plus , but at the same time we ’re distinctly small - town in how everybody knows everybody .
So there are plenty of local celebrities who are as important to our city ’s character as the national ones , and they had to be accounted for .
So we have .
A parting thought : Placement on this list does n’t necessarily imply endorsement .
By putting Harry Reid at No. 12 , we ’re not urging you to vote for him .
We just attempted to measure the ephemeral , and this is what we came up with .
Disagree ?
Good ; ca n’t wait to hear from you .
1 : Penn Jillette
Entertainer , TV star , provocateur
Is Vegas a good place to be famous ?
It is .
It ’s like New York or LA in that people do n’t gawk .
If I walk into Starbucks , somebody might say hi to me , say hi to my daughter — some people even call her by name — but they ’re cool about it .
Does that confuse your daughter — strangers knowing her name ?
When you ’re a 5 - year - old , a lot of people you do n’t know call you by name .
And if we still lived in villages ( like we ’re supposed to ) everybody would know her name .
So , in her mind , no , nothing ’s out of the ordinary .
Let ’s talk about your TV show Bullshit !
Will you ever run out of theories to debunk and people to expose ?
If you build a kingdom on bullshit , you ’re not in danger of running out of it .
Our producer says that Teller and I can take any subject in the news and do a credible show on it .
Sure , we like to have a villain , something to call “ bullshit ” on , but if we do n’t , we can depart from that model .
Are there any groups you wo n’t go after ?
We have n’t tackled Scientology because Showtime does n’t want us to .
Maybe they have deals with individual Scientologists — I ’m not sure .
And we have n’t tacked Islam because we have families .
Meaning , you wo n’t attack Islam because you ’re afraid it ’ll attack back …
Right , and I think the worst thing you can say about a group in a free society is that you ’re afraid to talk about it — I ca n’t think of anything more horrific .
Of course , it might please some Islamic fundamentalists to hear you say that you wo n’t talk about them because you ’re afraid …
It might , but you have to say what you believe , even it if pleases somebody you disagree with — that issue comes up all the time in moral discourse .
You do go after Christians , though … Teller and I have been brutal to Christians , and their response shows that they ’re good fucking Americans who believe in freedom of speech .
We attack them all the time , and we still get letters that say , “ We appreciate your passion .
Sincerely yours , in Christ . ”
Christians come to our show at the Rio and give us Bibles all the time .
They ’re incredibly kind to us .
Sure , there are a couple of them who live in garages , give themselves titles and send out death threats to me and Bill Maher and Trey Parker .
But the vast majority are polite , open - minded people , and I respect them for that .
And we respect you for your respect .
Congratulations on being a star .
I ’ve always thought of myself as sub -star , as opposed to star or superstar .
I ’ve been out with superstars ; I ’ve been out with Madonna , Prince , Bob Dylan , Jay Leno , and it ’s insane .
It ’s dangerous and frightening .
Being a sub - star is more like living in a small town : Everybody recognizes you and is happy to see you , but that ’s it .
– Rick Lax
2 : Holly Madison
Entertainer , reality - show star
Not many celebs would get away with such brazen , calculated overexposure .
But Madison has achieved the improbable — inventing herself as an omnipresent figure at events all over the city while still leaving her fans wanting more .
Peepshow depends largely on her celebrity , and her new reality show , Holly ’s World , is a ratings hit for E! Entertainment .
Her fame shows no sign of abating anytime soon .
3 : Oscar Goodman
Mayor of Las Vegas
The Mayor of Las Vegas since 1999 — he of the showgirl entourage , of the oversized gold throne desk chair , the gin blossoms , the role of “ self ” in Casino .
Today , the mayor is practically a cliché of himself .
He wants attention , he gets it .
He wants a sports team — well , we ’ll see .
4 : Brandon Flowers
Lead singer , The Killers
There could be a Mongolian shepherd out there who could n’t identify Brandon Flowers in a lineup .
Oh , who are we kidding , everyone knows The Killers , and Flowers is the face of the franchise .
And he ’s Las Vegas ’ , which is pretty damn cool .
5 : Dana White
President , UFC
The first time I met Dana White was at his Las Vegas home in 2004 ; I was doing a story on his ginormous , pimped - out pool .
And if I ’m being honest , I fully expected a full - of - himself guy who wanted only to talk about his own awesomeness in transforming the Ultimate Fighting Championship into the monster it is today .
But as I shook the guy ’s hand at his Las Vegas home , I was stunned .
He ’s the most down - to - earth dude you could imagine .
The first thing he wanted to talk about was his kids , who were playing in the living room with rubber swords , and how proud he was of them .
Then we spent the rest of the morning in his screening room , just talking about how much we both friggin’ love UFC .
Forget George W. This is the guy I really want to have a beer with .
– Ken Miller
6 : Floyd Mayweather Jr.
Boxer
How good is this guy ?
Several years ago during a bout , one of the announcers asked Floyd who he liked in the Superbowl .
“ Patriots , ” Mayweather responded while completely dismantling his opponent .
Now that ’s multitasking .
7 : Wayne Newton
Entertainer , icon
The Wayner finished his most recent , and quite likely his final , extended Strip engagement in April when he closed Once Before I Go at the Tropicana .
His performance schedule these days is one of corporate gigs and one - off shows at American Indian resorts across the country .
He ’s finished shooting a small film in Maine , called 40 West , and has pitched a reality show called Wayne ’s World , which focuses mostly on the women in his life .
This activity alone does not merit impressive celebrity , sure .
But Newton is one of the dwindling few Vegas celebrities who hearkens to the city ’s beloved Rat Pack era .
He ’s most effective simply playing himself , an icon who reminds of a simpler , more dignified time .
Whatever you say of Wayne Newton , he is Las Vegas .
Mr. Las Vegas , to be precise .
– John Katsilometes
8 : Andre Agassi
Tennis star , philanthropist
A one - man tennis dynasty for decades , Agassi has truly given back to his native city , establishing the Agassi Preparatory Academy and the Agassi Grand Slam for Children .
A champion in more ways than one .
9 : Steve Wynn
Casino mogul
The man who redefined Las Vegas not once ( the Mirage in 1989 ) , but twice ( the Bellagio in 1998 ) , Wynn continues to find ways to surprise even the most jaded Vegas visitor .
Larger than life , and uniquely ours .
Celebrities Emeritus Monuments to enduring Vegas famousness Tony Curtis B.B. King Gladys Knight Jerry Lewis Siegfried & Roy Jerry Tarkanian
10 : George Maloof
Casino mogul
Britney .
Paris .
Kid Rock .
Shaq .
Run with world - famous celebs and eventually you ’ll become one yourself .
Assuming you can own and operate a Las Vegas casino as hip as the Palms , of course .
11 : Mike Tyson
Boxer , figure of controversy
Sure , he ’s fallen from boxing grace , but Tyson has managed to remain viable in today ’s pop culture landscape , thanks to a devastating documentary and a truly awful Phil Collins impression in The Hangover .
12 : Harry Reid
Senate majority leader
Even if you do n’t want to know who Harry Reid is , even if you never want to hear the Senate Majority Leader ’s name again , you ca n’t avoid it — and that ’s real fame .
Do n’t believe us ?
Try to shake Reid as he kicks into fifth - term campaign mode .
13 : Criss Angel
Entertainer
Criss Angel is the Barack Obama of magic .
Just as Obama got previously non-political people to vote , Angel got magic haters to watch his show .
Mindfreak , that is — not Believe .
If he could get them to watch Believe , well , that ’d be a great trick .
14 : Pawn Stars
Reality TV stars
Old Man. Spotter .
Big Hoss .
Chumlee .
The Fantastic Four of reality television , the stars of Pawn Stars have become the hottest property on cable television .
Their show is the highest rated of its kind in the country .
Maybe this sort of fame is fleeting , but the Pawn Stars would n’t trade this experience — for anything .
15 : Carey Hart
Motocross star , entrepreneur
At home in Vegas , Hart is the man behind tattoo studio Hart and Huntington and a partner in Wasted Space .
Out of the desert , he ’s a motocross star and the other half to tough - as - nails pop star Pink .
16 : Marie Osmond
Entertainer
In a single day she ’ll appear on live remote with Dr. Oz , sell her personally designed dolls on QVC and perform with brother Donny onstage at the Flamingo .
At a time when production shows up and down the Strip are suffering reduced attendance , Donny & Marie continue to draw near - capacity crowds regularly .
Marie Osmond is good for the soul , and good for business , too .
17 : Phil Ivey
Poker player
There are poker faces and then there are poker faces .
And then there ’s Phil Ivey ’s poker face , the most feared and recognizable in the game today .
It scorns opponents for even bothering to scan for emotion even as it baits them into messing with the man many consider the best in the world .
Bluff ?
The nuts ?
Or is he just running down the grocery order he ’s gonna put together on his way home ?
When 6,500 card players enter a room intent on taking one guy down , and he still makes the final table of the World Series ’ Main Event , you ’ve gotta wonder how he does it .
Good luck finding the answer on Phil Ivey ’s face .
– Spencer Patterson
18 : Lon Kruger
Head coach , UNLV basketball
It ’s becoming cool to care about UNLV basketball again , and you can pretty much lay that at the feet of the Rebels heads coach .
Just as striking as Kruger ’s 137-62 record and three NCAA appearances with UNLV : that you ’re more likely to bump into him at Red Robin than at Tao .
19 : Glen Lerner
Attorney , commercial icon
In a wreck ?
Need a check ?
Lerner , a personal injury lawyer who stars in dozens of his own TV commercials , is a Vegas institution .
You may know him as the / a “ Heavy Hitter ” — a name he emphasizes in some ads by swinging a baseball bat .
One call , that ’s all .
20 : Alicia Jacobs
Celebrity reporter
Alicia has been an entertainment reporter in Las Vegas for 15 years — and when she ’s not doing local TV or hobnobbing with celebrity sources , she ’s contributing to Extra .
21 : Teller
Entertainer
He is billed as the magician duo ’s “ smaller , quieter half . ”
A magic genius , Teller is also a productive author and creator who put on a well - received production of Macbeth in Washington D.C.
If he ’s not as high on the list as his partner , it ’s largely due to his lower public profile .
22 : Tera Patrick
Adult - film star
Tera resides in Las Vegas .
Technically , she has a roof over her head here .
But if the adult star lives anywhere , it ’s in your glowing computers and filthy minds .
23 : Kurt & Kyle Busch
NASCAR drivers
You ca n’t separate the two ; they ’ve established themselves as two of the most talented race car drivers of their generation .
Kurt ’s a previous NASCAR Nextel Cup champion ; Kyle once won 21 races in a single year .
24 : Rick Moonen
Chef
When it comes to celebrity chefs , it ’s often wise to catch them on the upswing , before a single beloved restaurant has metastasized into an unruly empire and the chef has been dragged out of the kitchen .
For Rick Moonen , that time is now .
Fresh off an impressive second run on Top Chef Masters , the sustainable seafood champion ’s star has never been higher .
Unlike other top - shelf chefs who arrive on the Strip once they ’ve become household names elsewhere , Moonen ’s career is skyrocketing on the power of what he ’s doing locally .
At Mandalay Bay restaurant RM
Seafood , the chef showcases comforting , casual seafood downstairs and fine - dining fare upstairs produced by two separate kitchens .
Someday , you might see Rick Moonen - brand eateries all over the country .
But for now , Vegas can lay claim to his one and only .
He ’s not just a celebrity chef , he ’s our celebrity chef .
- Sarah Feldberg
25 : Carrot Top
Comedian
Now that Gallagher ’s moved away from physical comedy , Scott “ Carrot Top ” Thompson reigns as the undisputed prop king .
And around the time Thompson mocked himself on Family Guy , using his name as a punch line fell out of fashion just as liking his act fell back in .
26 : Paula Francis
News anchor , media personality
As Channel 8 ’s leading lady , she ’s the trustworthy face of local TV news , which would probably be enough to lodge her on this list anyway — but she also appears on CSI , which boosts her into a stratosphere of recognizability .
27 Randy Couture
Mixed martial artist
Now in his 40s , “ The Natural ” stands as the UFC ’s greatest ambassador through a combination of devastating wrestling skills and out - of - the - ring class .
His love of the sport lives on through his local martial arts gym .
28 John Barr
Pitchman
You say you ’re irritated by him , but deep down you kinda like this car salesman ’s goofy charm , his willingness to be uncommonly silly — even in a city filled with extremely silly people — winning you over in the end .
29 George Wallace
Comedian
Possibly the most likable guy on this list , comedian Wallace does n’t just perform in Las Vegas ; he lives Las Vegas .
It is n’t at all uncommon to see him all over town , visiting his true love — the city ’s varied cuisine .
30 Doyle Brunson
Poker player
If you ’re considering sitting down at a Las Vegas poker table , and you ca n’t recognize this 76 - year - old poker legend ( he ’s the dude with the cowboy hat and the toothy smile , by the way ) , might we suggest slots ?
31 Terry Fator
Entertainer
It ’s hard to believe that scant years ago , this guy was scraping pennies together .
Proof positive that America does , in fact , have talent , Fator will most likely be a Vegas fixture for many years to come .
32 Greg Maddux
Major - league pitcher ( retired )
This unassuming Valley High grad went out of his way to dodge the celebrity spotlight for his entire 23 - year major - league career .
Like that ’s gonna happen after 355 wins and four Cy Youngs .
See ya in the Hall of Fame , Greg .
33 Robin Leach
Media personality
His decadelong run as host of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous , along with his stints as entertainment reporter at CNN and Entertainment Tonight , still serves the ubiquitous celebrity reporter well .
He ’s a Las Vegas media member who can host a red - carpet event , walk that carpet , then turn around and interview those trailing him .
When journalists outside Las Vegas want to take the city ’s pulse , they usually seek out Leach .
34 Vince Neil
Entertainer
He ’s got a new book coming soon ( in September ) , a new bar ( Tres Rios Cantina , in the Hilton ) , his own line of tequila , a new album ( Tattoos & Tequila ) ... but come on , dude fronts Motley freaking Crue !
35 Nate Tannenbaum
Media personality
This guy !
In some ways he ’s the epitome of a truly local celebrity .
For years a well - known local weatherman , he became known for a collection of telegenic quirks : bowties , slightly nerdy look , impossibly sunny demeanor .
He ’s not on TV anymore ; nowadays , he ’s the face of the Review - Journal ’s online video effort and hosts a radio show on KUNV .
But go somewhere in public with him .
People remember .
How ya doin ’ , Nate ?
they ask .
“ Mostly sunny ! ” he responds , every time .
Vegas can be a tough town , especially these days , but Tannenbaum reminds us there ’s always a place for the pleasant , the quirky , the good .
–SCOTT DICKENSHEETS
36 Frank Marino
Entertainer
Marino is Vegas ’ longest - running headliner — a female impersonator who copied Joan Rivers so well she sued him .
His Divas Las Vegas show runs almost nightly , and the street named after Marino , the performer jokes , also “ goes both ways . ”
37 Kerry Simon
Chef
Simon ’s Palms
Place restaurant is a revolving door for visiting A - listers who flock for the comforting fare and to spend a little time with the chef who , through serving famous friends , has become a celebrity in his own right .
Semi-Vegas celebs
This is n’t their primary location , but their fame still helps define the city Wayne Brady Garth Brooks Cher Flavor Flav Eva Longoria Barry Manilow Shawn Marion Ne - Yo Z- Trip
38 Nina Radetich
Media personality
How popular is she ?
Even a recent scandal ( “ Ninagate ” ) could n’t bring her down .
With her mixture of toughness and good looks , she remains one of the most recognizable — and intriguing — Las Vegas media personalities around .
39 Forrest Griffin
Mixed martial artist
No UFC fighter has made us smile as much as Griffin , a mixture of humility , intelligence and smirk that makes us believe he has a career far beyond the ring .
Oh , he ’s a best - selling author , too .
40 John Ensign
Senator
Remember when politicians were honest and just focused on serving the needs of their constituents ?
Yeah , I guess I do n’t either , but even the most jaded observer had to sit up and take notice when Ensign , that pillar of piety and marital values who publicly decried Clinton ’s affair , was caught with his hand in the nookie jar .
What made it particularly icky in this case was that it involved a former staffer ’s wife , but the nausea factor continued —
Ensign even involved his parents , getting them to pay money to the former staffer .
Oh , and he might have used his office to find the cuckolded husband employment .
Now Ensign faces two ethics investigations , and remains unapologetic .
Not unpredictably , public sentiment against him is so massive , he ’s managed to raise almost no money in his bid for re-election , and none of his colleagues in the Senate are willing to speak in his defense .
Call it fame of the worst kind .
– KEN MILLER
41 Steven Jackson
NFL running back
He went to Vo - Tech , played for Eldorado and has spent the past five seasons obliterating NFL defenses as a running back for the St. Louis Rams .
Raise your hand if you ’ve taken the Las Vegas product in Round 1 of your fantasy football draft .
42 Robin Antin
Entertainment impresario
Before she was spotted all around Vegas as Matt Goss ’ red carpet BFF , choreographer and director Robin Antin had already made a mark on Vegas with the Pussycat Dolls Lounge at Caesars .
Now Goss ’ manager and producer , Antin is a stylish regular at all the hot spots in Vegas .
43 Clint Holmes
Entertainer
We loved Holmes when he was a headliner on the Strip , and we love him still as an occasional performer at the Orleans and Suncoast .
From standards to show tunes to pop hits , Holmes oozes Vegas .
44 Chopper
Pitchman
“ Chop it ! ” became a pop culture catchphrase thanks to this Las Vegas product , arguably the most likable commercial personality the city ’s got .
45 Jim Murren
Casino mogul
You may not know him on sight , but Murren is CEO of MGM Resorts International — the guy behind CityCenter and its terrific art collection , restaurants and nightclubs .
46 Arianny Celeste
Vegas celebs
The next 25 ... Sheldon Adelson Louie Anderson Shelley Berkley Ed Bernstein Angelica Bridges Lance Burton Frank Caliendo Johnny Chan Steve Davidovici Victor Drai Jason Feinberg Cindy Funkhouser Matt Goss Steffi Graf Bryce Harper Steven Horsford Mac King George Knapp Frank Mir Jon Ralston Rory Reid Rita Rudner Sunset Thomas Dina Titus Brendon Urie
UFC ring girl
“ Damn , she ’s hot — look at her ! ” – Overheard in the Weekly newsroom
47 Daniel Negreanu
Poker player
He ’s appeared in X - Men Origins : Wolverine and Katy Perry ’s “ Waking Up in Vegas ” video .
Oh yeah , and he ’s second on the World Series of Poker ’s all - time money list .
48 TJ Lavin
BMX star , TV personality
A homegrown celeb , Lavin is a top BMX biker , MTV personality and , in a recent development , partner in the new Discreet Gentlemen ’s Club .
That name is fitting :
Though famous , Lavin keeps a low profile in Las Vegas .
49 Norm Clarke
Celebrity journalist , media personality
His relentless detailing of late - breaking fluff and celebrity tidbittery — in his Review - Journal column , online , through Twitter — has made Norm a boldfaced name himself .
50 Colonic Elvis
Pitchman
He ’s one of those guys who twirls signs on intersections — dressed as Elvis , selling gut health .
This is the sort of adaptive reuse Vegas does in its sleep , retasking a major icon as a minor commercial shill , and we smile every time we see him .
Somebody on my team reported that a particular script in our project 's build process would fail with bizarre output maybe once in fifty tries .
This script was run from a makefile , and the result was a failed build .
Rerunning make fixed the problem , but that 's not much consolation when the build lab encounters it approximately every other day ...
We are home , Helen , thank you very much .
Two new genome studies of Jews worldwide prove that the Jewish people — long called the “ People of the Book , ” the “ Chosen People ” or , in unkind circles , “ those people ” — are , indeed , a people after all .
The first study , by researchers at New York ’s Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University , found that Jews across the globe share distinct genetic traits that are different from other groups and that trace back to the ancient Middle East .
Researchers say the study , published in the American Journal of Human Genetics , puts to rest age - old questions about whether Jews are a group of unrelated people who share a religious ideology or a distinct ethnicity with common ancestry .
“ The debate is over , ” said Dr. Edward R. Burns , one of the lead authors of the study .
“ The Jewish people are one people with a common genetic thread that evolved in the second or third century BC . ”
The study , “ Abraham ’s Children in the Genome Era , ” compared the genetic analyses of 237 Jews , including Sephardic ( Middle Eastern ) and Ashkenazi ( Eastern European ) Jews — as well as an analysis of 418 non -Jews worldwide , and found that the Jews were more closely related to each other than to their fellow countrymen .
Past studies have reached similar conclusions , but they looked at smaller populations and considered only blood groups , mitochondrial DNA ( a type of DNA passed down by mothers ) or Y chromosomes ( passed down by fathers ) .
For this inquiry , researchers conducted a genome - wide analysis of the major groups of the Jewish Diaspora — Ashkenazi Jews ; Italian , Greek and Turkish Sephardic Jews ; and Iranian , Iraqi and Syrian Jews .
The study — and a second genetic study published Friday in the journal Nature — scientifically undermines arguments made by those who challenge Jews ’ historical relationship to Israel , such as former White House correspondent Helen Thomas , who resigned last week after saying Jews in Israel should “ go home ” to Germany , Poland and the United States .
Turns out , the Jews in Israel are already there .
JEWS were expelled from what is now Israel in roughly the sixth century BC and again in the second century AD .
Though the population scattered to all corners of the globe , a religious and traditional connection to Israel remained in the Diaspora .
But skeptics have long questioned whether the people who daven in Brooklyn have any real ancestral link to those early Jewish people .
The studies , then , are like a genetic coat of arms .
“ It seems that most Jewish populations , and therefore most Jewish individuals , are closer to each other [ at the genetic level ] , and closer to the Middle Eastern populations , than to their traditional host population in the Diaspora , ” Israeli geneticist Doron Behar , author of the Nature study , told the BBC .
Behar ’s study examined the genes of people from 14 Jewish communities and compared them to 69 non-Jewish communities , finding — as the American Journal of Human Genetics did — a common ancestral Middle Eastern link among all Jews .
One key difference in Behar ’s study is that it also included Ethiopian and Indian Jews ; he found that those communities were genetically closer to their non-Jewish neighbors than the other Diaspora groups were to theirs .
This may be due to a higher degree of genetic , religious and cultural crossover when the Jewish communities in these areas became established .
Both studies also find that Jews have a strong genetic link to modern Palestinians , Druze and Bedouins , following another traditional understanding of both the Jewish and non-Jewish populations of the region .
( Israeli Jews and Palestinians sometimes refer to each other as “ cousin , ” a term used to recognize the common Biblical understanding that both groups descended from Abraham . )
“ We both come from some common stock , so it ’s an interesting and welcome finding , ” Burns said .
Scientists are quick to note that the genetic link between Jews of disparate geographic regions does not constitute a race .
This genetic link can best be compared to a nationality — albeit one that spans the globe .
DNA analysis in both studies shows that European Jews are related to Middle Eastern Jews and non-Jewish Middle Eastern people , a finding that also repudiates claims by some that Ashkenazi Jews are the descendants of Slavs or Khazars , a north Caucasus group , who converted to Judaism in the ninth century .
“ It de-legitimizes the attempts to suggest that there is an alternate origin to Judaism , ” said Paul Root Wolpe , professor of bioethics at Emory University in Atlanta , who was not part of the study .
Despite “ all of the attempts to try to rewrite the Jewish people ’s understanding of their own history , over and over again genetic studies show that there is more truth to the tale . ”
Wolpe notes that Jewry had a similar reaction in 1997 , when a Y chromosome study revealed a strong genetic marker that seemed to support the Biblical account of a priestly family , the Cohanim , descended from Moses ’ brother Aaron .
That the new data also seemed to follow the Jews ’ historical and Biblical narrative was particularly exciting to Burns , who is Jewish .
“ I , along with my co-authors , went to these different populations , Iraqis , Iranians , etc .
We talked to these people , and they had a certain hopefulness that the genetic analysis would establish for them a type of universal Jewish pride , ” he said .
“ My own personal feeling is that ( among Jews ) differences in culture and geography become meaningless because we ’re all sisters and brothers .
“ There is a saying in Hebrew , k’lal Yisroel arevim zeh bazeh , all Jews are [ responsible for one another because we are ] connected , ” he said .
“ Now we have scientific proof . ”
But there is another popular saying : “ Two Jews , three opinions . ”
Wolpe noted the historical disquiet Jews have felt around genetic testing and categorizing .
“ In part by claiming to be a people , the Jews set themselves up for a bad thing when anti-Semitic eugenics dawned ” in Nazi Germany , he said .
SPIRITUALLY , meanwhile , some question the implication of these types of studies for a people that is only 13 million strong and constantly shrinking .
“ I think it has the potential to be misused , ” said Rabbi David Wolpe , brother of Paul Wolpe and rabbi at Sinai Temple in Los Angeles .
According to national statistics , nearly 54 % of American Jews marry outside the faith .
Only a third of those interfaith couples raise their children as practicing Jews , which means that every year there is tremendous Jewish attrition .
It ’s an issue that vexes Jewish religious leaders , some of whom have slowly begun to shed age - old customs against encouraging conversions into Judaism .
In New York , with a population of roughly 2 million Jews , the numbers are slightly less stark .
Twenty - two percent of married couples are intermarried — with 30 % of those raising their kids Jewish , according to the North American Jewish Data Bank .
The question is whether the children of intermarried couples who identify themselves as Jewish are actually Jewish .
Genetics might say no , but tradition and Jewish law would ( in most cases ) say yes .
“ The question about intermarriage is not about diluting the DNA , it ’s about losing the tradition , ” Wolpe said .
“ Someone can easily look at this study and say , ‘ That ’s why we should n’t have converts . ’
In an age when we lose a lot of people to intermarriage , to use this to discourage conversion would be a shame . ”
This kind of genetic - identification is already prevalent among some Jews .
In Israel , pending legislation surrounding what constitutes legal conversion is hotly debated .
And in the United States , the melting pot nature of American Judaism is challenging some people ’s metaphysical notion about what it means to be a Jew .
“ My sister - in - law is Filipino .
She practices Judaism — which is more than I do — but I ca n’t call her a fellow Jew in that same sense , ” said Sandy Malek , president of the Jewish Genealogical Society of Los Angeles , which is hosting an international conference next month featuring some of the researchers involved in the first study .
“ There is a peoplehood for Jewish people that is separate from the religion . ”
But many Jewish religious leaders would argue the opposite .
While the new research says much about Jews , it does n’t have any bearing on Judaism , said David Wolpe , the rabbi , who explained that he is “ not moved ” by the effort to scientifically link and define Jews .
“ The findings say more about the spiritual strength of our forbearers , the way they treasured tradition so much that they would not compromise it to be part of the rest of society , ” he said .
“ Our spirit guarded our DNA , not the other way around . ”
And as Paul Wolpe , the bioethicist , notes , “ A group can be descended from [ ancient ] converted Jews and should have as much legitimacy . ”
( Indeed , a kind of scientifically necessary bias against converts was built into the study :
In order to participate , subjects had to have four Jewish grandparents . )
Religious Jews say they ’re People of the Book , not People of the Swab .
They do n’t need a genome sequence to tell them they have a profound tie to Israel , the Jewish people and the Jewish faith .
“ Spiritually this is a pleasant and welcome reinforcement of what I already knew , but the bottom line is Torah trumps genome , ” said David Wolpe , the rabbi .
Like those tradition - guarding forbearers , modern religious Jews are circumspect about assigning too much importance to scientific findings .
“ I think that it ’s a dangerous precedent to base your spiritual claims on the latest findings of science , ” Wolpe said .
“ The trouble with today ’s science is that it ’s today ’s science .
If everybody stands up and trumpets it , and then tomorrow they say something else , what are we going to say ? ”
The varied reaction to the study highlights the difficulty in defining Jews — even , and maybe especially , in the age of genomics .
The difference between what a secular and a religious Jew considers being “ Jewish ” is probably greater than the genetic differences between the two people themselves .
To the religious , Judaism is defined by customs and beliefs .
To the secular , Jews are members of an ethnic “ tribe , ” a tribe that knows from good bagels .
“ I ’m a very secular person , but I have always , since childhood , felt we are a people , ” Malek said .
Malek notes that that secular “ peoplehood ” is indebted to ancient religious practices , particularly the tradition of not marrying outside the faith .
And as genetic testing evolves and gets less expensive , ancestral Jews ’ religious marriage practices could make up for the fact that they were lousy record - keepers .
“ In Jewish genealogy , there are not a lot written records , at least on the Ashkenazi side , ” Malek said .
“ So the DNA substitutes for us that way . ”
REGARDLESS of how the studies are received in political and religious communities , they likely will have major implications in medicine and other fields .
The analysis by Burns and his colleagues provides the first detailed genetic map of the major Jewish groups , information that can be used as a kind of dictionary to study the genetic origins of commonly acquired diseases such as cancer and heart disease .
This information can benefit not only Jews , but the population as a whole , as researchers use the data better understand possible genetic components of diseases , researchers said .
The study could also yield valuable information for a host of conditions already thought to have a genetic component , from near - sightedness to breast cancer — just do n’t call any of those diseases “ Jewish . ”
Even the host of ailments that are considered “ Jewish genetic diseases , ” including Tay - Sachs Disease and Bloom ’s Disease , occur in the general population , said Paul Wolpe , the bioethicist , who is also on the board of the Victor Centers for Jewish Genetic Diseases .
“ I ’ve always spoken out against the term ‘ Jewish genetic diseases , ’ ” Wolpe said .
“ There are no diseases that Jews get that other people do n’t get .
Some of the Jewish genetic diseases we do n’t even get at higher rate .
But I lost that battle a long time ago . ”
Two Jews , three opinions .
But one people .
Over thirty organizations want the Federal Communications Commission to open up a probe on " hate speech " and " misinformation " in media .
" Hate has developed as a profit - model for syndicated radio and cable television programs masquerading as ' news ' , " they wrote to the FCC earlier this month .
As for the Internet , it " gives the illusion that news sources have increased , but in fact there are fewer journalists employed now than before , " they charge .
" Moreover , on the Internet , speakers can hide in the cloak of anonymity , emboldened to say things that they may not say in the public eye . "
The groups who want this new proceeding include Free Press , the Media Access Project , Common Cause , the Prometheus Radio Project , and the League of United Latin American Citizens .
Their statement , filed in the Commission 's Future of Media proceeding , comes in support of a petition to the agency submitted over a year ago by the National Hispanic Media Coalition .
" Hate speech against vulnerable groups is pervasive in our media — it is not limited to a few isolated instances or any one media platform , " NHMC warned the FCC in 2009 .
" Indeed , many large mainstream media corporations regularly air hate speech , and it is prolific on the Internet .
Hate speech takes various forms , from words advocating violence to those creating a climate of hate towards vulnerable groups .
Cumulatively , hate speech creates an environment of hate and prejudice that legitimizes violence against its targets . "
The coalition has asked the agency to request public comments on hate speech in the media , inquire into its extent , explore " the relationship between hate speech in the media and hate crimes , " and look into options " for counteracting or reducing the negative effects of such speech . "
In addition , the groups wants the FCC to examine " the prevalence of misinformation " in the media , since misinformation " creates a climate of prejudice . "
" The NHMC understands that those who would prefer hate speech to remain under the radar will claim that such an inquiry violates the First Amendment , " the group added .
" No doubt they will raise the red herring of the restoration of the ' fairness doctrine , ' trying to divert the attention of the vast majority of Americans who find hate speech reprehensible . "
NHMC says it wants none of this , " but merely the collection of information and data about hate speech . "
Concrete harms
The gist of NHMC 's concern is that " hate speech over the media is producing concrete harms , " particularly against Latinos in the United States .
Hate crimes against Latinos have gone up 40 percent over the last four years , the petition says .
And the victims of hate speech suffer not just physical but psychological distress .
" These harms may be particularly acute for Latino children given that children are uniquely susceptible to messages in the media . "
The campaign for this probe comes as the national temperature is rising over Arizona 's controversial immigration enforcement law .
No surprise then that the petition cites various related commentaries from talk radio and cable television , such as this excerpt from a tirade allegedly given by nationally syndicated radio host Michael Savage :
America is being overrun by an invasion force from Mexico ...
Is it racist to protect your nation against an invading horde , from another nation that wants to sweep you off the map ?...
And you think the gang banger with baggy pants is going to pay for your retirement ... ?
[ Y ] ou 're digging your own grave ... [ a ] ll that 's missing is the worm from the tequila bottle to go with it .
And this , allegedly from a local AM station :
On September 1 , 2007 , on KGEZ - AM in Montana , John Stokes advocated that those who do not speak English should have their hands chopped off .
He went on to pontificate that ' Romans 15 : 19 says that if they break into your country , chop off their leg .
We have to forcibly get rid of them ! '
These statements clearly urge listeners to regard all Latinos — including their fellow citizens — as ' enemies ' and suitable objects of physical violence .
[ Editor 's note : The Book of Romans , by the way , says nothing about leg chopping ; and needless to say our Jon Stokes had nothing to do with this commentary ] .
As for the Internet , NHMC notes that at , at the time of the petition , inputting " I hate spics " into Google.com generated over 45,000 results .
Of the first fifty , about 65 percent led to pages containing hateful messages found on chat boards , blogs , and social networking sites .
The more recent group statement in support of NHMC 's request links this problem to the lack of localism and the consolidation of radio and television .
" Numerous studies find that people of color continue to be under - represented , stereotyped or misrepresented in both news and entertainment programming , " the organizations write .
" Indeed , media consolidation leads to a less diverse , less responsive , less responsible media . "
Collecting this hate speech data would be helpful , they conclude , " even if the Commission does nothing more than turn that information over to the public , researchers and other government entities . "
The probe will allow groups like NHMC " to hold the media accountable . "
It will encourage media organizations to correct their mistakes .
And it will help researchers better understand the " effects of hate speech in media and the correlation between hate speech and hate crimes . "
Benefits and costs
We share these groups ' concerns about the current media environment and appreciate their emphasis on non-regulatory solutions .
And we have a lot of respect for the NHMC , one of the few prominent minority media organizations that supports the FCC 's proposed open Internet rules .
But we still hope that the Commission dodges this bullet .
It will bring upon the agency a world of pain , dragging it into a quagmire of accusatory politics at a time when the FCC faces a host of crucial regulatory tasks .
Before jumping into this project , the FCC should assess the benefits and costs of launching such a probe .
The payoff will obviously be some kind of government summation on hate speech in the media .
That , we presume , is what NHMC is hoping for when the group mentioned that it has also asked the National Telecommunications and Information Administration to follow up on its 1993 report , The Role of Telecommunications in Hate Crimes , " and to work in conjunction with the FCC in these efforts . "
No doubt the new opus will satisfy those already convinced that there is a problem , although just like the NTIA study and the FCC 's 2007 report on violence in broadcasting , it will likely cite scholarship questioning any direct links between speech and violence .
Beyond that , the document will probably accomplish little more than those earlier surveys — unless you regard the current media environment as progress .
Now for the costs .
First , none of the media targets of these petitions will believe that NHMC does n't want some kind of direct or indirect regulation , especially if they fear that the materials served up by this inquiry could be used as fodder for advertiser boycotts similar to the one that drove Lou Dobbs from CNN .
And why should n't they come to that conclusion after they 've read this footnote to the Free Press et al commentary about making the media more accountable :
" This sort of awareness - raising has worked in the past .
On November 11 , 2009 , under mounting pressure from organizations and individuals across the nation , Lou Dobbs resigned from CNN .
Presente.org was one of the key coordinators of the far - reaching BastaDobbs.com effort , collecting over 100,000 signatures from concerned individuals .
That effort was only possible because communities across the country were aware of Dobbs ' tirades , but organizations such as Presente.org and NHMC do not have the resources to monitor the growing number of vitriolic media personalities . "
Second , this inquiry will leave the FCC with the daunting task of cataloguing every conceivable kind of hate speech , including those directed at Republicans and right wing talk show hosts , in order to avoid the appearance of having run a political proceeding .
Third , the Commission will have to sort out which of the plethora of examples it receives are hate speech .
On which data pile will complaints about harsh criticisms of Israel or Muslims land ?
How about misogynist hip - hop tunes ?
What about Internet pornography , especially the rough kind ?
All we can say is , good luck with that .
Fourth , despite claims to the contrary , such a proceeding will further burden the media reform movement with the perception that its campaigns for more localism and against broadcast media consolidation are really calls for back - door Fairness Doctrine - style content regulation .
Again , why should n't critics draw this inference , when the supporters of this inquiry link the hate speech problem to those very themes ?
Finally , why would the FCC want to run an inquiry on Internet content at a time when , in pursuit of revised net neutrality rules , its chair is trying to convince the public that the agency does n't want to regulate Internet content ?
This proposed investigation will lead the Commission down a landmine - laced road at a time when it has taken on more challenges than ever , including net neutrality , getting broadband to rural and low income America , spectrum reallocation , and a new IP video policy .
And watching the probe would be a polarized Congress up for mid-term elections , its members itching to run with any tirade that will get them on cable TV .
In sum , this is a well - meaning idea whose time , we hope , has not come .
The popularity of the Tea Party appears to be on the wane after more than a year of upsetting mainstream politicians , according to a Washington Post / ABC poll published today .
The poll , the first major one to show support for the Tea Party going into reverse , reported that support for the anti-establishment , rightwing grassroots movement has dropped .
The percentage of Americans holding an unfavourable view of the movement jumped by 11 points to 50 % .
But the poll may turn out to be premature , as the anti-incumbency mood across the US shows little sign of abating .
The same poll showed that support for Congress was at an all - time low at 29 % .
The Tea Party movement , which began last year as a reaction to the high level of public spending and hostility towards Barack Obama , has over the last six months taken a series of political scalps , ousting centrist Republican candidates in a series of primaries .
One of its main champions , Rand Paul , won in Kentucky last month .
The movement has already forced the Republican party to move its policies to the right , even though its campaign strategists tell the leadership it has to shift into the centre to win back ground .
Voters went to cast ballots in primaries in 11 states today ahead of the November mid-term elections , but few of the primaries involve high - profile Tea Party candidates , making it harder to judge whether it has stalled .
In South Carolina Nikki Haley emerged as a frontrunner in the Republican primary for governorship after being endorsed by Sarah Palin , a Tea Party favourite .
She has increased her popularity in state polls in spite of allegations about her sexual relations .
In another governorship race , in Iowa , Palin endorsed the former governor Terry Branstad .
In Nevada , where Republicans have been queuing up to take on the Democratic leader in the Senate , Harry Reid , the Tea Party favourite is Sharron Angle .
The anti-incumbency feeling is also taking its toll on the Democratic side .
Blanche Lincoln , one of the senators from Arkansas , failed to win outright last month and today she faced a run-off .
Trade unions and some liberals have been campaigning against her , throwing money and resources behind her rival Bill Halter .
Part of the hostility is because they see her as not having been enthusiastic enough in support of health care reform .
The anti-incumbency mood has already claimed two senators , the Democrat Arlen Specter in Pennsylvania and the Republican Bob Bennett in Utah .
Prospering at the Expense of Others ?
Germany 's Export Boom Has Trade Partners Stewing
The German economy is rapidly improving , with many manufacturers struggling to keep up with demand .
But not all are happy with the country 's recovery .
Many say that Germany 's export gains are coming at the expense of its trading partners .
Pope Receives Dossier on Contracts and Favours – Vatican - owned Houses to be Monitored More Closely
Vatican secretary of state Bertone steps in .
Leadership change looms at Propaganda Fide
VATICAN CITY –
The storm that has engulfed Propaganda Fide and its property portfolio ca n’t be said to have taken the Vatican hierarchy by surprise .
Serenity is the order of the day with invitations for “ civil justice to run its course ” .
Obviously , “ you read a lot of things that are not true ” said several sources on the day when the newspapers carried Guido Bertolaso ’s statement to magistrates in Perugia .
That the head of the civil protection agency was a guest in the Via Giulia apartment while no one paid rent to the congregation for the evangelisation of peoples “ should be ruled out ” , say Vatican sources .
“ Someone must have been paying ” .
Yet it was clear that something was going wrong well before phone taps and investigations uncovered the unsavoury business of property sales and allocations to favoured insiders .
The harsh term being bandied about the Vatican is : “ Removal ” .
Four years ago in 2006 , the then prefect of Propaganda Fide , Crescenzio Sepe , was removed by Benedict XVI at the end of his five - year term .
This was “ unusual ” , say sources , since his predecessor had remained in office for 16 years and other 20th - century prefects had served well beyond their first term , except for one who died prematurely .
It is equally odd for the head of a congregation , no less than the influential “ red pope ” in charge of Propaganda Fide , to move to a diocese , even a prestigious one like Naples .
Generally , the reverse is the case .
“ LESS THAN IMPECCABLE MANAGEMENT ” – No , something was not quite right .
“ Management was less than impeccable ” is the ecclesiastical euphemism used .
A low - key reform of the Curia initiated by Benedict XVI in 2005 – gradual , unflustered – had already started to remedy the situation and in recent months , papal interest has quite understandably grown .
It has already been decided to strike the name of “ consultor ” and “ Gentleman of the Holy See ” Angelo Balducci from the 2011 Pontifical Yearbook .
The Vatican secretary of state ’s office has acquired all relevant documentation on the affair and Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone has conferred with Benedict XVI “ as [ he would ] on any issue ” .
New developments are now expected .
Vatican sources deny that a special commissioner will be appointed for the congregation , despite rumours to the contrary .
IMMENSE PORTFOLIO –
Things look set to change .
Propaganda
Fide ’s assets , a huge portfolio estimated to be worth nine billion euros , comprise property and donations acquired over the centuries by the congregation in complete autonomy .
Their purpose is to support missionary work abroad , especially Africa and Asia , which is why the prefect is known as the red pope , and the portfolio is run independently of APSA , the body chaired by Cardinal Attilio Nicora that administers the Holy See ’s assets .
The problem is that this division is too strict , in the sense that the two managements operate without liaising in any way .
Sources at the secretary of state ’s office say that is why it is to be hoped that “ better co-ordination and greater vigilance ” over the congregation ’s operations can be achieved .
It is not a question of transferring competences or property but of “ ensuring more internal transparency ” , if only to stop the Holy See , apart from members of the congregation , from being left in the dark about deeds and sales of property , as happened under the former regime .
TRANSPARENCY –
The present prefect of Propaganda Fide , Cardinal Ivan Dias , was appointed in 2006 specifically to “ set up more transparent management ” .
A very spiritual Indian and former archbishop of Bombay , he was to , and does , guarantee a serene arm ’s length distance from groups of friends in Rome .
According to Vatican sources , Cardinal Dias has applied to Benedict XVI to be relieved of the post .
It has been know for some time that the cardinal has health problems , although the intention is believed to be to keep him in the post until the end of his term in spring 2011 .
Whatever the decision , it is a problem that must be faced in the next few months .
Cardinal Dias ’ successor will be a very high - level prelate trusted by Benedict XVI and Cardinal Bertone .
One name going the rounds is that of Archbishop Fernando Filoni , a skilled diplomat and substitute for general affairs .
In this case , the problem will be finding someone else to step into his shoes in the upper echelons of the secretary of state ’s office , where he is the number two , in tandem with Archbishop Dominique Mamberti .
English translation by Giles Watson
www.watson.it
Could the success of the Monkey Island Special Editions herald LucasArts ' return to straight adventure games ?
I spoke to Monkey Island 2 Special Edition : LeChuck 's Revenge project lead Craig Derrick about the new remake and the possibilities it raises .
Advertisement
It 's a time of resurgence for Guybrush Threepwood and the cast of the Monkey Island series .
The Secret of Monkey Island : Special Edition was released last July for Xbox Live Arcade , PC , and iPhone .
Telltale Games added a new chapter to the saga with the episodic release of Tales of Monkey Island .
Now LucasArts is gearing up for the summer release of Monkey Island 2 Special Edition : LeChuck 's Revenge .
Like the first SE release , it takes the original game and gives it a current - generation makeover , with updated graphics , new voice work ( mostly from the original cast ) , a hint system , an art gallery , and a reworked musical score .
Advertisement
It 's a larger , more complex game than the Secret of Monkey Island Special Edition , but lessons learned and tools developed while creating the first game helped speed the process along .
" I believe that leveraging all of the skills , technology and tools developed for the first SE was the ONLY way we could have evenly possibly created a Special Edition as complex and large as Monkey Island 2 while adding NEW features in the same time it took us to create the first game , " said Derrick , further explaining that much of the development was handed over to LucasArts ' Singapore team this time around .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" The distributed nature of the teams between San Francisco and Singapore introduced some new challenges , but since some of the first Special Edition was created there they understood what to do and I 've very proud of the amazing job they 've accomplished . "
It was this distributed development system that paved the way for the inclusion of a Special Edition commentary , recorded for the game at the 2010 Game Developers Conference by original creators Dave Grossman , Ron Gilbert and Tim Schafer .
Advertisement
I asked Derrick to detail how this entertaining new feature would work .
" The commentary is an optional feature that works very similar to those found on film DVD's .
After turning the option on from within the bonus features menu the player will be given a choice to listen to select scene commentary while playing through the game , " he explained .
The player will be prompted via on - screen cue when there is commentary available .
Pressing the button causes the game audio to lower , the screen to go letterbox , and silhouettes of Grossman , Gilbert , and Schafer to pop up on the screen to deliver their comments , Mystery Science Theater 3000 style .
Advertisement
" On most occasions the commentary appears as you enter one scene or another , but it will also appear after a particular moment has occurred providing further commentary or anecdotes about the scene .
It 's fantastic and I fully expect to see this feature to continue to be in more and more games . "
That feature alone should be more than enough to get fans lining up for the game when it hits the iPhone , Mac , PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 this summer .
What , no iPad ?
Did I waste $ 500 on this silly thing ?
Advertisement
" Yes .
Yes , you did , " quipped Derrick .
" I 'm kidding !
I have one too and I like it .
It does seem to be missing something , though .
Not sure what .
Maybe I 'll go think about that and let you know if I come up with something . "
Teasing iPad comments aside , could the strong fan reaction to these remakes indicate a more adventure - oriented direction for LucasArts ?
Advertisement
" We 've always been in the action AND adventure game , " Derrick responded .
" It just seems that we 've been emphasizing one over the other lately .
The Special Editions and Tales of Monkey Island have been a way to measure the audience 's reaction to us doing more straight adventure games and to see how the audience reacts to Monkey Island so many years after the first and last game in the series .
It 's been pretty successful so far . "
But do n't expect a new pure , point - and click adventure title from the company any time soon .
Advertisement
" But if we were to truly get back into the " adventure " business then I would say we need to take some of what we 've learned from the " action " side of the business a little bit , look at today 's audience sensibilities and reinvent the genre just as we did with Maniac Mansion 23 years ago . "
CSS3
Is together with Canvas one of the more exciting elements of web design .
With this post we want to showcase some awesome techniques to improve your design with the help of CSS3 .
Custom Fonts With @font - face
Go beyond the standard web safe fonts Arial , Helvetica , Verdana and Georgia and start
using beautiful typography to enchant your design .
@font - face is supported in all web browser if implemented correctly .
An example of @font - face supporting Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Firefox :
Sample Code
[ css ] @font - face { font - family : ‘ Museo ’ ;
src : url (‘ fonts/Museo.eot ’ ) ;
src : local ( ‘ Museo ’ ) , local ( ‘ Museo ’ ) ,
url (‘ fonts/Museo.ttf ’) format ( ‘ truetype ’ ) ; } [ / css ]
Read all the details about using @font - face here at Devlounge , find web fonts with @font - face or read Becoming a Font Embedding Master by Jonathan Snook .
Get started right away with Hundreds of @font - face Font Kits at Font Squirrel , ready to use .
Drop Caps
Now that you know how to implement fonts on your website you can go a step farther and use drop caps for more typography effect .
Mark Boultons website is a stellar example of drop cap use .
While the most common CSS3 way is to use
Sample Code
[ css]p:first-child : first- letter {} [ /css ]
Boulton uses CSS3 attribute selector combined with image sprites technique .
He chooses this way due that the caps are images and not a font .
Boultons way :
Sample Code
[ css ]div.post span.cap [ title= ” F ” ] {
padding : 40 px 95 px 40px 0 ;
margin : 0 10px 0 0 ;
background - position : - 456 px - 10 px ;
} [/css ]
The more simple way is with fonts as shown on Drop Caps the cross browser way
The RGBA Color Method
With RGBA you use the the amount of red , amount of green , amount of blue , and the level of opacity .
Instead of using a hex ( # ) code .
The RGBA method is used often in many CSS3 buttons effect .
RGBA is one of the most easiest CSS3 properties as it ’s juts a matter of checking in Photoshop or your design app of choice what the color codes are .
RGBA transparency is much better then the opacity property .
When applying opacity to a div box it will be applied to everything contained in the div , may it be text or image .
While RGBA transparency is only applied to the div it ’s assigned too and not to its content .
Sample Code
[ css ] h1 {
color : # 000 ;
background - color : rgba( 255 , 255 , 255 , 0.5 ) ; }
[ /css ]
Source : Working with RGBA colour
Learn how to apply RGBA in tables to create multi-colored rows and columns to enchant your data tables with Coloring Columns and Rows on Tables with CSS3 and RGBA .
CSS Gradients
This is one of the more complicated CSS3 techniques , especially for web - kit browsers the code can get really intricate , while for Mozilla browsers it is pretty simple after looking at web - kits version .
Sample Code
[ css ]
- moz - box - shadow : 0 10 px 16px rgba( 66 , 140 , 240 , 0.5 ) , inset 0 - 8 px 12px 0 # 6bf , inset 0 - 8 px 0 8 px # 48 c , inset 0 - 35 px 15 px - 10 px # 7ad ;
- webkit - box - shadow : 0 10 px 16px rgba( 66 , 140 , 240 , 0.5 ) , inset 0 - 8 px 12px 0 # 6bf , inset 0 - 8 px 0 8 px # 48 c , inset 0 - 35 px 15 px - 10 px # 7ad ;[/css ]
It ’s imperative to know how to use gradients so you can improve your CSS only buttons .
The next item on the list relies heavily on precise use of gradients to get the best effect .
Source : Cross - Browser CSS Gradient
Google Style Buttons
They are neutral , uniform and fit for most designs , now with gradient support for Firefox .
Sample Code
[ css ] .buttons {
padding : 3 px 3 px ;
- webkit - border - radius : 2px 2 px ;
- moz - border - radius : 2px 2 px ;
border : solid 1px rgb ( 153 , 153 , 153 ) ;
background : - webkit - gradient ( linear , 0 % 0 % , 0 % 100 % , from ( rgb ( 255 , 255 , 255 ) ) , to ( rgb ( 221 , 221 , 221 ) ) ) ;
background : - moz-linear - gradient(-90deg , #FFF , #DDD ) ;
color : # 333 ;
text - decoration : none ;
cursor : pointer ;
display : inline - block ;
text - align : center ;
text - shadow : 0px 1px 1px rgba( 255,255,255,1 ) ;
line - height : 1 ;
}
. buttons : hover { border - color : # 666 ; }
. buttons : active { margin - top : 1 px ; }[/css ]
Original code can be found at Roll your own Google Buttons .
Another great button effect using only CSS3 , the aqua button .
Sample Code
[ css ] input[type=button].new-aqua {
width : 155 px ;
height : 35 px ;
background : #cde ;
border : 2 px solid #ccc ;
border - color : # 8ba2c1 #5890 bf # 4f93 ca # 768 fa5 ;
font : 600 16px/1 Lucida Sans , Verdana , sans - serif ;
color : # fff ;
text - shadow : rgba( 10 , 10 , 10 , 0.5 ) 1px 2px 2 px ;
text - align : center ;
vertical - align : middle ;
white - space : nowrap ;
text - overflow : ellipsis ;
overflow : hidden ;
border - radius : 16 px ; - moz - border - radius : 16 px ; - webkit - border - radius : 16 px ;
box - shadow : 0 10 px 16px rgba( 66 , 140 , 240 , 0.5 ) , inset 0 - 8 px 12px 0 # 6bf , inset 0 - 8 px 0 8 px # 48 c , inset 0 - 35 px 15 px - 10 px # 7ad ;
- moz - box - shadow : 0 10 px 16px rgba( 66 , 140 , 240 , 0.5 ) , inset 0 - 8 px 12px 0 # 6bf , inset 0 - 8 px 0 8 px # 48 c , inset 0 - 35 px 15 px - 10 px # 7ad ;
- webkit - box - shadow : 0 10 px 16px rgba( 66 , 140 , 240 , 0.5 ) , inset 0 - 8 px 12px 0 # 6bf , inset 0 - 8 px 0 8 px # 48 c , inset 0 - 35 px 15 px - 10 px # 7ad ;
}
.new-aqua:hover {
text - shadow : rgb ( 255 , 255 , 255 ) 0 px 0px 5 px ;
}
[ /css ]
Source : CSS3 Box -Shadow with Inset Values – The Aqua Button ReReVisited
Text Shadow
If used correctly it can add a lot to your design but it can also easily make your text look like some cheap Word document .
Text - shadow is not supported by Internet Explorer so use carefully .
A great example of text - shadow is the Letterpress Effect
Sample Code
[ css ] h2 {
color : # 222 ; text - shadow : 0 px 2px 3 px # 555 ;
}
[ /css ]
Or roll your own with this awesome tool .
Border Radius
One of the best CSS3 properties yet , removing the need of countless images and divs to create rounded corners , now it ’s a simple matter of a few CSS lines .
Sample Code
[ css ] #box { - webkit - border - radius : 10 px ; }
# box { - moz - border - radius : 10 px ; }[/css ]
The above code gives you a rounded corner div in Firefox , Safari and Chrome , that simple it is .
Source : Learn all about the different implementations of border radius .
Box Shadow
I have found box - shadow most useful for images , for years already it has been popular to style your images with white padding and a gray border , while for the shadow effect several images where needed .
Now you can easily add shadows with CSS .
Instead of using it as hover effect you can just use it on the image .
You can almost never go wrong with this CSS style for images on your website .
Sampe Code
[ css].imagedropshadow {
padding : 5 px ;
border : solid 1px #EFEFEF ;
border : solid 1px # CCC ;
- moz - box - shadow : 1px 1px 5 px # 999 ;
- webkit - box - shadow : 1px 1px 5 px # 999 ;
box - shadow : 1px 1px 5 px # 999 ;
} [/css ]
CSS3 box - shadow and image hover effects
Bonus tip
Here you can find an IE - CSS3 script to add CSS3 support for the most popular CSS3 techniques in Internet Explorer .
In February 1945 , Elizabeth II joined the Women ’s Auxiliary Territorial Service , as an honorary Second Subaltern with the service number of 230873 .
She trained as a driver and mechanic , drove a military truck , and was promoted to honorary Junior Commander five months later .
She is the last surviving head of state who served in uniform during the Second World War .
The European Atlas of the Seas provides information about Europe ’s marine environment .
Users can view predefined and ready to use maps , covering topics such as nature , tourism , security , energy , passenger transport , sea bottom , fishing stocks and quotas , aquaculture , and much more .
Users can also benefit from an enriched catalogue with more than 200 map layers , covering a wide range of topics , to explore , collate and create their own maps .
These maps can be printed , shared and embedded in articles or presentations .
The Atlas is the ideal tool for schools , researchers and professionals , or anyone wishing to know more about the European seas and its coastal areas .
Map of the week
Stay on board !
Each week , a new “ Map of the week ” highlighting an interesting map layer is showcased on the Maritime Forum .
Dive in and explore your Ocean !
Teachers ' corner
Are you a teacher or an educator interested in ocean literacy ?
The teachers ’ corner of the European Atlas of the Seas contains exercises for different age groups as well as communication tools .
It is an open platform where you can find and share information , educational material , inspirations and much more !
Discover our teaching resource
Help
Congressman Bob Etheridge ( D - NC ) is taking a lot of heat right now .
Watch the video and then listen to my take on this event .
I respond in multiple parts :
The following links are relevant to the videos :
UPDATE : As of Tuesday the 15th , it ’s official : MSNBC has decided to defend Etheridge ’s assault on the grounds that the students being assaulted were probably Republicans .
They have also determined that it is still unwise to manhandle someone , especially if you get caught .
As of Tuesday the 15th , it ’s official : MSNBC has decided to defend Etheridge ’s assault on the grounds that the students being assaulted were probably Republicans .
They have also determined that it is still unwise to manhandle someone , especially if you get caught .
The Guardian has joined MSNBC in explaining that the Congressman ’s actions were not terrible and criminal due to the fact that the gentlemen pictured were almost certainly Republicans who knowingly disagreed with the Congressman and chose to breathe his air anyway .
The Washington Post has called the incident a “ gaffe ” , declaring that it will not significantly affect Etheridge ’s campaign for re-election and equating it with off - hand remarks made by Michelle Bachmann and Joe Wilson .
That ’s right , the Washington Post thinks that this is all about what Etheridge said , and not the fact that he physically attacked innocent young men .
The New York Times has decided today is a good day to remember why Republicans are n’t allowed to shove people .
Bob Etheridge assaults innocent civilians : the original video .
Bob Etheridge ’s contact information .
Renee Elmers ’ self - professed views .
Frank Deatrich makes it clear that the federal government ’s policy of redistributing wealth and controlling lives is simply not okay through his answers to this questionnaire .
In Ukraine , Crimea , not so far from Sevastopol , in the village of Kacha lots of different air fleet species draw their duty .
They are amphibian aircrafts BE - 12 , military cargo planes AN - 26 , search - and - rescue helicopters KA - 27PS as well as antisubmarine KA - 27 PL ones .
And though many of them are 40 odd years old , they are battle - ready night and day and eager to attain any combat task in the territory of the Black Sea , and , in particular , Crimea .
To start with , there is a little museum about the garrison creation history .
It has all begun as far back as in times of Imperial Russia .
Turn your attention to the uniform of pilots ; everyone has their own kind of outfit as the universal air uniform had not been created yet and first pilots were raised from different military forces departments .
In front of the museum there is a park with busts commemorating country ’s heroes laid out .
Our tour begins with an amphibian aircraft BE - 12 which was built in 1971 .
The plane is meant for detection of submarines and performing rescue missions on the water .
Before that aircraft carried nuclear explosives for operational - tactical purposes .
The plane is piloted by four crew members : two pilots , a navigator and a radiop .
Navigator sits in the prow and thus has the most comfortable seat .
For detection of submarines the navigator ’s seat has a radar set fixed up .
Next to the navigator seat there is an anchor fastened to the wall ; looks like some kind of an alien object in the plane .
And that ’s the view of the navigator seat from the prow of the airplane .
Above the door you can see pedals that pilots use while navigating a plane .
Pilots are sort of sitting on the ‘ second floor . ’
All the seats are equipped with parachutes and catapults ; the roof steadily rolls aside and you can even lean out of the cabin .
It is almost impossible to walk about the plane while in flight .
Even when it is on ground you are barely able to move without stumbling upon sharp corners .
There is a feeling as if you ’re not inside of a plane but inside of some submarine .
The radiop seat in the tail of the plane .
BE - 12 is constructed not only to detect submarines but to save people also .
There is a special niche place for saved ones which is fitted out with a couch .
Alongside of BE - 12 stand a few military cargo planes AN - 26 .
They are used for shipping goods and conveyance of landing troops .
Kacha is not just airplanes but a whole lot of helicopters as well .
Stay tuned !
Story and photos via sergeydolya
We ’ve all heard it : according to Hal Varian , statistics is the next sexy job .
Five years ago , in What is Web 2.0 , Tim O’Reilly said that “ data is the next Intel Inside . ”
But what does that statement mean ?
Why do we suddenly care about statistics and about data ?
In this post , I examine the many sides of data science — the technologies , the companies and the unique skill sets .
Learn faster .
Dig deeper .
See farther .
The web is full of “ data - driven apps . ”
Almost any e-commerce application is a data - driven application .
There ’s a database behind a web front end , and middleware that talks to a number of other databases and data services ( credit card processing companies , banks , and so on ) .
But merely using data is n’t really what we mean by “ data science . ”
A data application acquires its value from the data itself , and creates more data as a result .
It ’s not just an application with data ; it ’s a data product .
Data science enables the creation of data products .
One of the earlier data products on the Web was the CDDB database .
The developers of CDDB realized that any CD had a unique signature , based on the exact length ( in samples ) of each track on the CD .
Gracenote built a database of track lengths , and coupled it to a database of album metadata ( track titles , artists , album titles ) .
If you ’ve ever used iTunes to rip a CD , you ’ve taken advantage of this database .
Before it does anything else , iTunes reads the length of every track , sends it to CDDB , and gets back the track titles .
If you have a CD that ’s not in the database ( including a CD you ’ve made yourself ) , you can create an entry for an unknown album .
While this sounds simple enough , it ’s revolutionary : CDDB views music as data , not as audio , and creates new value in doing so .
Their business is fundamentally different from selling music , sharing music , or analyzing musical tastes ( though these can also be “ data products ” ) .
CDDB arises entirely from viewing a musical problem as a data problem .
Google is a master at creating data products .
Here ’s a few examples :
Google ’s breakthrough was realizing that a search engine could use input other than the text on the page .
Google ’s PageRank algorithm was among the first to use data outside of the page itself , in particular , the number of links pointing to a page .
Tracking links made Google searches much more useful , and PageRank has been a key ingredient to the company ’s success .
Spell checking is n’t a terribly difficult problem , but by suggesting corrections to misspelled searches , and observing what the user clicks in response , Google made it much more accurate .
They ’ve built a dictionary of common misspellings , their corrections , and the contexts in which they occur .
Speech recognition has always been a hard problem , and it remains difficult .
But Google has made huge strides by using the voice data they ’ve collected , and has been able to integrate voice search into their core search engine .
During the Swine Flu epidemic of 2009 , Google was able to track the progress of the epidemic by following searches for flu - related topics .
Google was able to spot trends in the Swine Flu epidemic roughly two weeks before the Center for Disease Control by analyzing searches that people were making in different regions of the country .
Google is n’t the only company that knows how to use data .
Facebook and LinkedIn use patterns of friendship relationships to suggest other people you may know , or should
know , with sometimes frightening accuracy .
Amazon saves your searches , correlates what you search for with what other users search for , and uses it to create surprisingly appropriate recommendations .
These recommendations are “ data products ” that help to drive Amazon ’s more traditional retail business .
They come about because Amazon understands that a book is n’t just a book , a camera is n’t just a camera , and a customer is n’t ust a customer ; customers generate a trail of “ data exhaust ” that can be mined and put to use , and a camera is a cloud of data that can be correlated with the customers ’ behavior , the data they leave every time they visit the site .
The thread that ties most of these applications together is that data collected from users provides added value .
Whether that data is search terms , voice samples , or product reviews , the users are in a feedback loop in which they contribute to the products they use .
That ’s the beginning of data science .
In the last few years , there has been an explosion in the amount of data that ’s available .
Whether we ’re talking about web server logs , tweet streams , online transaction records , “ citizen science , ” data from sensors , government data , or some other source , the problem is n’t finding data , it ’s figuring out what to do with it .
And it ’s not just companies using their own data , or the data contributed by their users .
It ’s increasingly common to mashup data from a number of sources .
“ Data Mashups in R ” analyzes mortgage foreclosures in Philadelphia County by taking a public report from the county sheriff ’s office , extracting addresses and using Yahoo to convert the addresses to latitude and longitude , then using the geographical data to place the foreclosures on a map ( another data source ) , and group them by neighborhood , valuation , neighborhood per-capita income , and other socio-economic factors .
The question facing every company today , every startup , every non-profit , every project site that wants to attract a community , is how to use data effectively — not just their own data , but all the data that ’s available and relevant .
Using data effectively requires something different from traditional statistics , where actuaries in business suits perform arcane but fairly well - defined kinds of analysis .
What differentiates data science from statistics is that data science is a holistic approach .
We ’re increasingly finding data in the wild , and data scientists are involved with gathering data , massaging it into a tractable form , making it tell its story , and presenting that story to others .
To get a sense for what skills are required , let ’s look at the data lifecycle : where it comes from , how you use it , and where it goes .
Where data comes from
Data is everywhere : your government , your web server , your business partners , even your body .
While we are n’t drowning in a sea of data , we ’re finding that almost everything can ( or has ) been instrumented .
At O’Reilly , we frequently combine publishing industry data from Nielsen BookScan with our own sales data , publicly available Amazon data , and even job data to see what ’s happening in the publishing industry .
Sites like Infochimps and Factual provide access to many large datasets , including climate data , MySpace activity streams , and game logs from sporting events .
Factual enlists users to update and improve its datasets , which cover topics as diverse as endocrinologists to hiking trails .
One of the first commercial disk drives from IBM .
It has a 5 MB capacity and it ’s stored in a cabinet roughly the size of a luxury refrigerator .
In contrast , a 32 GB microSD card measures around 5/8 x 3/8 inch and weighs about 0.5 gram .
Much of the data we currently work with is the direct consequence of Web 2.0 , and of Moore ’s Law applied to data .
The web has people spending more time online , and leaving a trail of data wherever they go .
Mobile applications leave an even richer data trail , since many of them are annotated with geolocation , or involve video or audio , all of which can be mined .
Point - of - sale devices and frequent - shopper ’s cards make it possible to capture all of your retail transactions , not just the ones you make online .
All of this data would be useless if we could n’t store it , and that ’s where Moore ’s Law comes in .
Since the early ’ 80s , processor speed has increased from 10 MHz to 3.6 GHz — an increase of 360 ( not counting increases in word length and number of cores ) .
But we ’ve seen much bigger increases in storage capacity , on every level .
RAM has moved from $ 1,000 / MB to roughly $ 25 / GB — a price reduction of about 40000 , to say nothing of the reduction in size and increase in speed .
Hitachi made the first gigabyte disk drives in 1982 , weighing in at roughly 250 pounds ; now terabyte drives are consumer equipment , and a 32 GB microSD card weighs about half a gram .
Whether you look at bits per gram , bits per dollar , or raw capacity , storage has more than kept pace with the increase of CPU speed .
The importance of Moore ’s law as applied to data is n’t just geek pyrotechnics .
Data expands to fill the space you have to store it .
The more storage is available , the more data you will find to put into it .
The data exhaust you leave behind whenever you surf the web , friend someone on Facebook , or make a purchase in your local supermarket , is all carefully collected and analyzed .
Increased storage capacity demands increased sophistication in the analysis and use of that data .
That ’s the foundation of data science .
So , how do we make that data useful ?
The first step of any data analysis project is “ data conditioning , ” or getting data into a state where it ’s usable .
We are seeing more data in formats that are easier to consume :
Atom data feeds , web services , microformats , and other newer technologies provide data in formats that ’s directly machine - consumable .
But old - style screen scraping has n’t died , and is n’t going to die .
Many sources of “ wild data ” are extremely messy .
They are n’t well - behaved XML files with all the metadata nicely in place .
The foreclosure data used in “ Data Mashups in R ” was posted on a public website by the Philadelphia county sheriff ’s office .
This data was presented as an HTML file that was probably generated automatically from a spreadsheet .
If you ’ve ever seen the HTML that ’s generated by Excel , you know that ’s going to be fun to process .
Data conditioning can involve cleaning up messy HTML with tools like Beautiful Soup , natural language processing to parse plain text in English and other languages , or even getting humans to do the dirty work .
You ’re likely to be dealing with an array of data sources , all in different forms .
It would be nice if there was a standard set of tools to do the job , but there is n’t .
To do data conditioning , you have to be ready for whatever comes , and be willing to use anything from ancient Unix utilities such as awk to XML parsers and machine learning libraries .
Scripting languages , such as Perl and Python , are essential .
Once you ’ve parsed the data , you can start thinking about the quality of your data .
Data is frequently missing or incongruous .
If data is missing , do you simply ignore the missing points ?
That is n’t always possible .
If data is incongruous , do you decide that something is wrong with badly behaved data ( after all , equipment fails ) , or that the incongruous data is telling its own story , which may be more interesting ?
It ’s reported that the discovery of ozone layer depletion was delayed because automated data collection tools discarded readings that were too low 1 .
In data science , what you have is frequently all you ’re going to get .
It ’s usually impossible to get “ better ” data , and you have no alternative but to work with the data at hand .
If the problem involves human language , understanding the data adds another dimension to the problem .
Roger Magoulas , who runs the data analysis group at O’Reilly , was recently searching a database for Apple job listings requiring geolocation skills .
While that sounds like a simple task , the trick was disambiguating “ Apple ” from many job postings in the growing Apple industry .
To do it well you need to understand the grammatical structure of a job posting ; you need to be able to parse the English .
And that problem is showing up more and more frequently .
Try using Google Trends to figure out what ’s happening with the Cassandra database or the Python language , and you ’ll get a sense of the problem .
Google has indexed many , many websites about large snakes .
Disambiguation is never an easy task , but tools like the Natural Language Toolkit library can make it simpler .
When natural language processing fails , you can replace artificial intelligence with human intelligence .
That ’s where services like Amazon ’s Mechanical Turk come in .
If you can split your task up into a large number of subtasks that are easily described , you can use Mechanical Turk ’s marketplace for cheap labor .
For example , if you ’re looking at job listings , and want to know which originated with Apple , you can have real people do the classification for roughly $ 0.01 each .
If you have already reduced the set to 10,000 postings with the word “ Apple , ” paying humans $ 0.01 to classify them only costs $ 100 .
Working with data at scale
We ’ve all heard a lot about “ big data , ” but “ big ” is really a red herring .
Oil companies , telecommunications companies , and other data - centric industries have had huge datasets for a long time .
And as storage capacity continues to expand , today ’s “ big ” is certainly tomorrow ’s “ medium ” and next week ’s “ small . ”
The most meaningful definition I ’ve heard : “ big data ” is when the size of the data itself becomes part of the problem .
We ’re discussing data problems ranging from gigabytes to petabytes of data .
At some point , traditional techniques for working with data run out of steam .
What are we trying to do with data that ’s different ?
According to Jeff Hammerbacher 2 ( @hackingdata ) , we ’re trying to build information platforms or dataspaces .
Information platforms are similar to traditional data warehouses , but different .
They expose rich APIs , and are designed for exploring and understanding the data rather than for traditional analysis and reporting .
They accept all data formats , including the most messy , and their schemas evolve as the understanding of the data changes .
Most of the organizations that have built data platforms have found it necessary to go beyond the relational database model .
Traditional relational database systems stop being effective at this scale .
Managing sharding and replication across a horde of database servers is difficult and slow .
The need to define a schema in advance conflicts with reality of multiple , unstructured data sources , in which you may not know what ’s important until after you ’ve analyzed the data .
Relational databases are designed for consistency , to support complex transactions that can easily be rolled back if any one of a complex set of operations fails .
While rock - solid consistency is crucial to many applications , it ’s not really necessary
for the kind of analysis we ’re discussing here .
Do you really care if you have 1,010 or 1,012 Twitter followers ?
Precision has an allure , but in most data - driven applications outside of finance , that allure is deceptive .
Most data analysis is comparative : if you ’re asking whether sales to Northern Europe are increasing faster than sales to Southern Europe , you are n’t concerned about the difference between 5.92 percent annual growth and 5.93 percent .
To store huge datasets effectively , we ’ve seen a new breed of databases appear .
These are frequently called NoSQL databases , or Non-Relational databases , though neither term is very useful .
They group together fundamentally dissimilar products by telling you what they are n’t .
Many of these databases are the logical descendants of Google ’s BigTable and Amazon ’s Dynamo , and are designed to be distributed across many nodes , to provide “ eventual consistency ” but not absolute consistency , and to have very flexible schema .
While there are two dozen or so products available ( almost all of them open source ) , a few leaders have established themselves :
Cassandra : Developed at Facebook , in production use at Twitter , Rackspace , Reddit , and other large sites .
Cassandra is designed for high performance , reliability , and automatic replication .
It has a very flexible data model .
A new startup , Riptano , provides commercial support .
HBase : Part of the Apache Hadoop project , and modelled on Google ’s BigTable .
Suitable for extremely large databases ( billions of rows , millions of columns ) , distributed across thousands of nodes .
Along with Hadoop , commercial support is provided by Cloudera .
Storing data is only part of building a data platform , though .
Data is only useful if you can do something with it , and enormous datasets present computational problems .
Google popularized the MapReduce approach , which is basically a divide - and - conquer strategy for distributing an extremely large problem across an extremely large computing cluster .
In the “ map ” stage , a programming task is divided into a number of identical subtasks , which are then distributed across many processors ; the intermediate results are then combined by a single reduce task .
In hindsight , MapReduce seems like an obvious solution to Google ’s biggest problem , creating large searches .
It ’s easy to distribute a search across thousands of processors , and then combine the results into a single set of answers .
What ’s less obvious is that MapReduce has proven to be widely applicable to many large data problems , ranging from search to machine learning .
The most popular open source implementation of MapReduce is the Hadoop project .
Yahoo’s claim that they had built the world ’s largest production Hadoop application , with 10,000 cores running Linux , brought it onto center stage .
Many of the key Hadoop developers have found a home at Cloudera , which provides commercial support .
Amazon ’s Elastic MapReduce makes it much easier to put Hadoop to work without investing in racks of Linux machines , by providing preconfigured Hadoop images for its EC2 clusters .
You can allocate and de-allocate processors as needed , paying only for the time you use them .
Hadoop goes far beyond a simple MapReduce implementation ( of which there are several ) ; it ’s the key component of a data platform .
It incorporates HDFS , a distributed filesystem designed for the performance and reliability requirements of huge datasets ; the HBase database ; Hive , which lets developers explore Hadoop datasets using SQL - like queries ; a high - level dataflow language called Pig ; and other components .
If anything can be called a one - stop information platform , Hadoop is it .
Hadoop has been instrumental in enabling “ agile ” data analysis .
In software development , “ agile practices ” are associated with faster product cycles , closer interaction between developers and consumers , and testing .
Traditional data analysis has been hampered by extremely long turn - around times .
If you start a calculation , it might not finish for hours , or even days .
But Hadoop ( and particularly Elastic MapReduce ) make it easy to build clusters that can perform computations on long datasets quickly .
Faster computations make it easier to test different assumptions , different datasets , and different algorithms .
It ’s easer to consult with clients to figure out whether you ’re asking the right questions , and it ’s possible to pursue intriguing possibilities that you ’d otherwise have to drop for lack of time .
Hadoop is essentially a batch system , but Hadoop Online Prototype ( HOP ) is an experimental project that enables stream processing .
Hadoop processes data as it arrives , and delivers intermediate results in ( near ) real - time .
Near real - time data analysis enables features like trending topics on sites like Twitter .
These features only require soft real - time ; reports on trending topics do n’t require millisecond accuracy .
As with the number of followers on Twitter , a “ trending topics ” report only needs to be current to within five minutes — or even an hour .
According to Hilary Mason ( @hmason ) , data scientist at bit.ly , it ’s possible to precompute much of the calculation , then use one of the experiments in real - time MapReduce to get presentable results .
Machine learning is another essential tool for the data scientist .
We now expect web and mobile applications to incorporate recommendation engines , and building a recommendation engine is a quintessential artificial intelligence problem .
You do n’t have to look at many modern web applications to see classification , error detection , image matching ( behind Google Goggles and SnapTell ) and even face detection — an ill - advised mobile application lets you take someone ’s picture with a cell phone , and look up that person ’s identity using photos available online .
Andrew Ng ’s Machine Learning course is one of the most popular courses in computer science at Stanford , with hundreds of students ( this video is highly recommended ) .
There are many libraries available for machine learning : PyBrain in Python , Elefant , Weka in Java , and Mahout ( coupled to Hadoop ) .
Google has just announced their Prediction API , which exposes their machine learning algorithms for public use via a RESTful interface .
For computer vision , the OpenCV library is a de-facto standard .
Mechanical
Turk is also an important part of the toolbox .
Machine learning almost always requires a “ training set , ” or a significant body of known data with which to develop and tune the application .
The Turk is an excellent way to develop training sets .
Once you ’ve collected your training data ( perhaps a large collection of public photos from Twitter ) , you can have humans classify them inexpensively — possibly sorting them into categories , possibly drawing circles around faces , cars , or whatever interests you .
It ’s an excellent way to classify a few thousand data points at a cost of a few cents each .
Even a relatively large job only costs a few hundred dollars .
While I have n’t stressed traditional statistics , building statistical models plays an important role in any data analysis .
According to Mike Driscoll ( @dataspora ) , statistics is the “ grammar of data science . ”
It is crucial to “ making data speak coherently . ”
We ’ve all heard the joke that eating pickles causes death , because everyone who dies has eaten pickles .
That joke does n’t work if you understand what correlation means .
More to the point , it ’s easy to notice that one advertisement for R in a Nutshell generated 2 percent more conversions than another .
But it takes statistics to know whether this difference is significant , or just a random fluctuation .
Data science is n’t just about the existence of data , or making guesses about what that data might mean ; it ’s about testing hypotheses and making sure that the conclusions you ’re drawing from the data are valid .
Statistics plays a role in everything from traditional business intelligence ( BI ) to understanding how Google ’s ad auctions work .
Statistics has become a basic skill .
It is n’t superseded by newer techniques from machine learning and other disciplines ; it complements them .
While there are many commercial statistical packages , the open source R language — and its comprehensive package library , CRAN — is an essential tool .
Although R is an odd and quirky language , particularly to someone with a background in computer science , it comes close to providing “ one stop shopping ” for most statistical work .
It has excellent graphics facilities ; CRAN includes parsers for many kinds of data ; and newer extensions extend R into distributed computing .
If there ’s a single tool that provides an end - to - end solution for statistics work , R is it .
Making data tell its story
A picture may or may not be worth a thousand words , but a picture is certainly worth a thousand numbers .
The problem with most data analysis algorithms is that they generate a set of numbers .
To understand what the numbers mean , the stories they are really telling , you need to generate a graph .
Edward Tufte ’s Visual Display of Quantitative Information is the classic for data visualization , and a foundational text for anyone practicing data science .
But that ’s not really what concerns us here .
Visualization is crucial to each stage of the data scientist .
According to Martin Wattenberg ( @wattenberg , founder of Flowing Media ) , visualization is key to data conditioning : if you want to find out just how bad your data is , try plotting it .
Visualization is also frequently the first step in analysis .
Hilary Mason says that when she gets a new data set , she starts by making a dozen or more scatter plots , trying to get a sense of what might be interesting .
Once you ’ve gotten some hints at what the data might be saying , you can follow it up with more detailed analysis .
There are many packages for plotting and presenting data .
GnuPlot is very effective ; R incorporates a fairly comprehensive graphics package ; Casey Reas ’ and Ben Fry ’s Processing is the state of the art , particularly if you need to create animations that show how things change over time .
At IBM ’s Many Eyes , many of the visualizations are full - fledged interactive applications .
Nathan Yau ’s FlowingData blog is a great place to look for creative visualizations .
One of my favorites is this animation of the growth of Walmart over time .
And this is one place where “ art ” comes in : not just the aesthetics of the visualization itself , but how you understand it .
Does it look like the spread of cancer throughout a body ?
Or the spread of a flu virus through a population ?
Making data tell its story is n’t just a matter of presenting results ; it involves making connections , then going back to other data sources to verify them .
Does a successful retail chain spread like an epidemic , and if so , does that give us
new insights into how economies work ?
That ’s not a question we could even have asked a few years ago .
There was insufficient computing power , the data was all locked up in proprietary sources , and the tools for working with the data were insufficient .
It ’s the kind of question we now ask routinely .
Data scientists
Data science requires skills ranging from traditional computer science to mathematics to art .
Describing the data science group he put together at Facebook ( possibly the first data science group at a consumer - oriented web property ) , Jeff Hammerbacher said :
… on any given day , a team member could author a multistage processing pipeline in Python , design a hypothesis test , perform a regression analysis over data samples with R , design and implement an algorithm for some data - intensive product or service in Hadoop , or communicate the results of our analyses to other members of the organization 3
Where do you find the people this versatile ?
According to DJ Patil , chief scientist at LinkedIn ( @dpatil ) , the best data scientists tend to be “ hard scientists , ” particularly physicists , rather than computer science majors .
Physicists have a strong mathematical background , computing skills , and come from a discipline in which survival depends on getting the most from the data .
They have to think about the big picture , the big problem .
When you ’ve just spent a lot of grant money generating data , you ca n’t just throw the data out if it is n’t as clean as you ’d like .
You have to make it tell its story .
You need some creativity for when the story the data is telling is n’t what you think it ’s telling .
Scientists also know how to break large problems up into smaller problems .
Patil described the process of creating the group recommendation feature at LinkedIn .
It would have been easy to turn this into a high - ceremony development project that would take thousands of hours of developer time , plus thousands of hours of computing time to do massive correlations across LinkedIn ’s membership .
But the process worked quite differently : it started out with a relatively small , simple program that looked at members ’ profiles and made recommendations accordingly .
Asking things like , did you go to Cornell ?
Then you might like to join the Cornell Alumni group .
It then branched out incrementally .
In addition to looking at profiles , LinkedIn ’s data scientists started looking at events that members attended .
Then at books members had in their libraries .
The result was a valuable data product that analyzed a huge database — but it was never conceived as such .
It started small , and added value iteratively .
It was an agile , flexible process that built toward its goal incrementally , rather than tackling a huge mountain of data all at once .
This is the heart of what Patil calls “ data jiujitsu ” — using smaller auxiliary problems to solve a large , difficult problem that appears intractable .
CDDB is a great example of data jiujitsu : identifying music by analyzing an audio
stream directly is a very difficult problem ( though not unsolvable — see midomi , for example ) .
But the CDDB staff used data creatively to solve a much more tractable problem that gave them the same result .
Computing a signature based on track lengths , and then looking up that signature in a database , is trivially simple .
It ’s not easy to get a handle on jobs in data science .
However , data from O’Reilly Research shows a steady year - over - year increase in Hadoop and Cassandra job listings , which are good proxies for the “ data science ” market as a whole .
This graph shows the increase in Cassandra jobs , and the companies listing Cassandra positions , over time .
Entrepreneurship is another piece of the puzzle .
Patil ’s first flippant answer to “ what kind of person are you looking for when you hire a data scientist ? ” was “ someone you would start a company with . ”
That ’s an important insight : we ’re entering the era of products that are built on data .
We do n’t yet know what those products are , but we do know that the winners will be the people , and the companies , that find those products .
Hilary Mason came to the same conclusion .
Her job as scientist at bit.ly is really to investigate the data that bit.ly is generating , and find out how to build interesting products from it .
No one in the nascent data industry is trying to build the 2012 Nissan Stanza or Office 2015 ; they ’re all trying to find new products .
In addition to being physicists , mathematicians , programmers , and artists , they ’re entrepreneurs .
Data scientists combine entrepreneurship with patience , the willingness to build data products incrementally , the ability to explore , and the ability to iterate over a solution .
They are inherently interdiscplinary .
They can tackle all aspects of a problem , from initial data collection and data conditioning to drawing conclusions .
They can think outside the box to come up with new ways to view the problem , or to work with very broadly defined problems : “ here ’s a lot of data , what can you make from it ? ”
The future belongs to the companies who figure out how to collect and use data successfully .
Google , Amazon , Facebook , and LinkedIn have all tapped into their datastreams and made that the core of their success .
They were the vanguard , but newer companies like bit.ly are following their path .
Whether it ’s mining your personal biology , building maps from the shared experience of millions of travellers , or studying the URLs that people pass to others , the next generation of successful businesses will be built around data .
The part of Hal Varian ’s quote that nobody remembers says it all :
The ability to take data — to be able to understand it , to process it , to extract value from it , to visualize it , to communicate it — that ’s going to be a hugely important skill in the next decades .
Data is indeed the new Intel Inside .
1 The NASA article denies this , but also says that in 1984 , they decided that the low values ( whch went back to the 70s ) were “ real . ”
Whether humans or software decided to ignore anomalous data , it appears that data was ignored .
2 “ Information Platforms as Dataspaces , ” by Jeff Hammerbacher ( in Beautiful Data )
3 “ Information Platforms as Dataspaces , ” by Jeff Hammerbacher ( in Beautiful Data )
The Chinese rejection of the Dalai Lama ’s choice of the next Panchen Lama , the second most important Tibetan lama , represents the greatest threat to the Tibetan institution of the incarnate lama in its history .
It is a long history .
With the decline of the Tibetan monarchy in the ninth century , political and religious authority shifted gradually to Buddhist teachers .
Because many of these were Buddhist monks who had taken vows of celibacy , the problem of succession eventually arose .
In some cases , authority was passed from a monk to his nephew .
But by the fourteenth century ( and perhaps even earlier ) a form of succession had developed in Tibet that , although supported by Mahayana Buddhist doctrine , seems unique in the Buddhist world .
This was the institution of the incarnate lama , or tulku ( sprul sku ) .
The term technically means the emanation body ( nirmanakaya ) of a buddha , the body that appears in the world to teach the dharma , taking whatever form , animate or inanimate , that is appropriate to benefit suffering sentient beings .
The Tibetans ’ choice of this term for the incarnation of a great teacher implies a profound difference in the ways that ordinary beings and incarnate lamas take birth in the world .
For the former , rebirth is harrowing , a frightful journey into the unknown and a process over which one has no control .
The rebirth of an incarnate lama is a very different matter .
As “ emanation bodies , ” incarnate lamas are technically already buddhas , free from the bonds of karma .
Their rebirth is thus entirely voluntary .
They need not be reborn at all , yet decide to return to the world out of their compassion for others .
Furthermore , they exercise full control over their rebirth .
For ordinary beings , rebirth must take place within forty - nine days from the time of death .
Incarnate lamas are under no such constraints .
For ordinary beings , the circumstances of the rebirth — the place , the parents , the form of the body , and the capacity of the mind — are instead all determined by karma , that is , they are the fruition of past deeds .
For the incarnate lama , all of these are a matter of choice and are said to have been decided in advance , so that a dying lama will often leave instructions for his disciples as to where to find his next rebirth .
Since the fourteenth century , all sects of Tibetan Buddhism have adopted the practice of identifying the successive rebirths of a great teacher , the Dalai Lamas being the most famous of some three thousand tulkus .
The institution of the incarnate lama has proved to be a central component of Tibetan society , providing the means by which authority and charisma , in all of their symbolic and material forms , are passed from one generation to another .
Indeed , the spread of Tibetan Buddhism can effectively be traced by noting the increasingly large geographical areas in which incarnate lamas are discovered , extending today to Europe and North America .
In a recent case of life imitating art , in Seattle ( where the “ Little Buddha ” of Bertolucci ’s movie was discovered ) , the son of a Tibetan father and American mother was identified as the new Deshung Rinpoche .
The incarnation system has weathered numerous crises .
There have been disputes over succession , as for example in the case of the seventh Dalai Lama in the early eighteenth century .
Some decades later , the Shamar Rinpoche sided with the Gurkhas in a war against Tibet in 1792 .
As a result , his future incarnation was outlawed , only to be restored .
During the same period , in an apparent effort to end corruption in the choice of incarnations , the Manchu emperor Qianlong declared that Tibetans should use a lottery system , drawing the name of the next incarnation out of a golden urn .
But the golden urn was rarely used , and when it was , it was simply employed to confirm the choice the Tibetans had already made by their own methods .
Since the Tibetan diaspora in 1959 , the great majority of incarnate lamas have been discovered in the refugee communities , and not in Chinese - occupied Tibet .
Nonetheless , because both the last Panchen Lama ( who died in 1989 ) and his predecessor had had close ties with the Chinese , there was considerable speculation and anxiety about where the next Panchen Lama would be discovered .
Despite their previous rejection of all Buddhist institutions as oppressive superstitions that exploit the masses , the Chinese seem to have recognized the importance of the next Panchen Lama .
The Dalai Lama is now sixty years old , and although he shows every sign of living a long life , he will not live forever .
By tradition , following his death the Panchen Lama would become the symbol of Tibetan culture and would remain so until a new Dalai Lama was discovered and reached the age of majority .
The Chinese have thus rejected the child chosen by traditional methods — and approved by the Dalai Lama — and made their own choice .
That child was quickly installed in a private ceremony in Lhasa , after which he was brought back to Beijing , where he met with Communist Party chairman Jiang Zemin , who told him “ to uphold the leadership of the party ” and “ defend the unity of the motherland . ”
Although this is not the end of the affair , a number of things are already clear .
First , China ’s reaction to the Dalai Lama ’s involvement demonstrates an extreme level of paranoia .
One might assume that the Chinese would welcome the Dalai Lama ’s approval .
They already have complete control over the chosen child and his education .
With the Dalai Lama ’s blessing thus bestowed , no one would have questioned the child ’s authenticity as Panchen Lama , no matter what he might have said or done in the future .
But Chinese fear of the influence , albeit distant , of the Dalai Lama caused them to reject his choice and name their own , a child whom Tibetans will reject as an impostor for the rest of his life .
The Chinese choice does nothing for China , except to bring its oppression of Tibet back into the headlines .
Nor are they greatly benefited by the mystery surrounding the disappearance of Gendun Choekyi Nyima , the Dalai Lama ’s choice .
Even if they kill the child chosen by the Dalai Lama , he will only be reborn , to be discovered again .
For the Chinese , the Panchen Lama is a problem that , quite literally , will not go away .
So there you are , trolling through the listings at fanfiction .
net .
Everything would be just fine , some nice new stories , but there ’s this obnoxius character you just ca n’t stand paired with your personal favourite character .
It burns your eyes , yes it does !
Fear not .
This extension for Safari will hide any and every story from your eyes , if the hated character shows up in the pairing .
Download and install Block Fanfic Characters to avoid brain bleach and eye - gouging .
New South Wales Labor MP
Paul Gibson says he was thrown against a car and bashed in the car park of a McDonald 's restaurant in Sydney 's north - west on Saturday afternoon .
Mr Gibson has told Macquarie Radio the American attacker king - hit him around 3:00 pm on Saturday and repeatedly yelled , " This is how we do it in America , " as he smashed his head against the gutter .
The Blacktown MP said he was told by a witness the man had a pistol in his coat and an ID that showed he was a US secret agent , but police have been unable to confirm the claim about the gun with witnesses .
Mr Gibson told Macquarie Radio the argument started when he was trying to park beside the man and " gave him a friendly toot " to close his car doors .
He said the man got out of his car and waved him in , before accusing him of running over his foot .
" I said , ' I could n't have run over your foot ...
I was a long way away from your foot , ' " he said .
" But I said , ' If I did , I 'm sorry , ' and I said , ' Is it OK ? '
He said , ' Yeah , it 's fine ' .
" I proceeded to walk into McDonalds and the next thing I knew , I thought I was in la-la land and I looked up and I could see the sky and I did n't know what happened .
" Apparently , what he 's done , he 's came , he 's king - hit me in the back .
I 've just had neck and back surgery over the last couple of years and a knee replacement .
" And he 's thrown me up in the air , speared me into a bonnet of a four - wheel drive apparently , then he 's got me again , had his head between my legs and he 's speared me into the road .
" Then he 's proceeded to jump on top and pound me in the head and what have you and they tell me he was just getting my head and he was just smashing it into the gutter . "
" I 've done an AC joint in my shoulder and I 've done some ribs , I think , and I 've got some trouble under the ribs and I 'm passing a bit of blood and what have you . "
Police said Mr Gibson suffered abrasions and bruising to his shoulders and ribs .
The attacker has been described as African American and about 185 centimetres tall , with a crew - cut hair style , acne scarring and solid build .
He was wearing dark clothing at the time .
Police want anyone who might know the man 's identity to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .
Mr Gibson has been the subject of assault allegations himself .
Last year , he was investigated over claims he assaulted a man who had threatened him in Blacktown .
In 2007 , he was stood down from Cabinet just hours after being sworn in because of claims he had assaulted his partner .
He was later cleared of the allegations .
How researchers enhanced Data.gov using semantic technology
A Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute team adds value to government data sets
A year after launching Data.gov to make government data available to the public , federal officials are still looking for ways to expand its use and the amount of data available on the site .
But even the site ’s supporters agree that converting much of data available on Data.gov into useable formats is n’t for the faint of heart .
A three - person team at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , however , has demonstrated how one approach can make greater use of the massive sets of data available on Data.gov , using the power of the semantic web .
The conversion project has shown how quickly and inexpensively visualization and mash - up applications can be built from government data when it ’s put into a web - friendly form .
Data.gov has grown rapidly since its launch a year ago , growing from 47 data sets to more than 250,000 , according to federal Chief Information Officer Vivek Kundra , speaking at an event on May 18 to commorate the anniversary , May 21 .
The Data .
Gov project at RPI is part of the university ’s Tetherless World Research Constellation web technology research initiative , led by Professor James Hendler .
Hendler initiated the project in June 2009 after the launch of Data.gov .
According to Li Ding , a research scientist at RPI , Hendler " came to me and said that he was looking at the information on Data.gov , and thought it was a great opportunity to use RDF ( Resource Description Framework ) and linked data , " Ding said .
RDF is a standard model for data interchange at the heart of the semantic web .
It uses web addresses — Uniform Resource Indicators — to specify the relationship between pieces of data .
Even if the underlying structure of two data sets differs , they can still be linked using RDF .
Related Stories :
Data.gov shows how not to open government
10 flaws with the data on Data.gov
Data.gov sparks a quiet revolution
“ It ’s a great format for being able to structure data for the web , ” said Dominic DiFranzo , a first - year doctoral candidate at RPI .
“ You kind of graft ( things ) together , make things become linked from one thing to another , and this data format allows us to use to link concepts — ideas inside these data sets — to other data sets in a very easy , intuitive fashion . ”
The Data.gov data sets offered an interesting opportunity , DiFranzo said , because they were “ all free and open to the public , so we had the rights to be able to change and work within it , and link it to other things .
It was a great experiment in actually trying to take large data sets that different people from around the US government had curated and taken care of , and trying to mash those together ( with data from outside of government ) in the open data cloud . ”
Li , DiFranzo and University of Chicago undergraduate Sarah Magidson formed the Data - gov project team , working to begin converting some of the high - value data sets in the Data.gov collection into RDF - enabled demonstrations .
“ We 're also trying to push the limit on different types of technologies , ” said Li . “ A lot of the demos we ’ve built ( on the Data.gov data ) are based on very simple web technologies . ”
Once the data has been converted from its source to RDF , he said , it could be accessed by applications using a number of standard web technologies , including the SPARQL query language , JavaScript Object Notation ( JSON ) .
“ In JSON , we actually have a very nice way to let existing web technologies consume this data and do these really cool ( applications ) , ” Li said .
Developers can use the development tools they ’re familiar with .
The result of the work is that it takes developers days , not months , to create applications based on the Data.gov data , DiFranzo said .
“ We 've been able to , in such a small of time , have 40 demos up .
Anyone can use this technology -- they do n't have to be a graduate student to make this technology work .
I had undergrads who had never seen any sort of semantic tech and were able to pick this up in less than a week .
So the technology has gotten to the point where general developers can start building these types of apps very quickly . ”
Difranzo pointed to a demo application built using data from the Environmental Protection Agency ’s Clean Air Status and Trends Network .
“ The CASTNET project has sensors all across the US measuring ground ozone and other pollutants , ” he said .
The data set had the readings from all the sites by name , said DiFranzo , “ but there were no inclusions in the data of where the stations were located .
So it sort of rendered the data meaningless . ”
Once the data was rendered into RDF , DiFranzo said , “ we were able to find through data outside Data.gov , a data set that describes where every site actually lives in the US .
And we were able to link these two concepts together , and then we were able to do applications with a map actually displaying where the sites were , showing the aggregate values for ozone in areas .
We were able to mashup with their own website , and other data we had on the history those values throughout a number of years . ”
DiFranzo and Li were also able to pull in data from other EPA sites about the sensor sites .
The resulting demo application can be seen at http://data-gov.tw.rpi.edu/demo/exhibit/demo-8-castnet.php.
The EPA has its own visual interface into the CASTNET data .
“ However , we find that if the government exposed their raw data outside , ” said Li , “ we can do an even better job , because the whole point is that once we have the data , we are no longer limited by the visual data access interface .
I want to see more on the map , but unfortunately the visualization was restricted by the government data set .
We have to pull from several web pages . ”
DiFranzo said the big takeaway from the research work is how much money and time could be saved on visualization projects and other development programs if more of the data was exposed in this fashion .
“ Before , if you wanted to make visualization like CASTNET , you hired some contractor .
They would spend a lot of time to determine the correct model for the database , and build this really high - end visualization .
It would look really cool , and work really fast , and it would be awesome , but it would also cost a lot of money and take a couple of months .
With these visualizations we do , since the data is in RDF , we 're able to use off the shelf visualization technologies like Google Visualization API , and in a matter of days we can make these quick mashed - up data visualizations and applications .
It 's just a more rapid development cycle .
Peter Orszag brought to the White House sterling credentials as a deficit foe .
But he will leave next month with the federal budget deficit stuck above $ 1 trillion .
Mr. Orszag 's decision to resign as director of the Office of Management and Budget comes as the Obama administration — and the Democratic Party — begin to confront disagreements between those who believe near - term deficit reduction poses too much risk to the fragile economic recovery and those , such as Mr. Orszag , who say the deficit itself may be a more profound economic ...
Since 1976 's Carrie — the first film to graphically depict menstruation — periods have been portrayed in movies as horrific , disgusting , annoying , and occasionally , celebratory .
Here , we 've collected scenes from over 25 movies that feature the cinematic history of " the curse . "
With pop culture serving as a mirror in which our social mores are reflected , it 's interesting to see how menses has been represented in movies over the years .
For one thing , the fact that its occurrence has become much more frequent symbolizes a shift away from taboo and into acceptance .
Still , apart from a few instances of menarche , periods are mostly utilized on film to embarrass female characters , confuse male characters , and gross out audiences .
Below are the movies — listed chronologically — we've used to compile this montage .
Advertisement
Carrie ( 1976 )
The Blue Lagoon ( 1980 )
Puberty Blues ( 1981 )
Sixteen Candles ( 1984 )
The Legend of Billie Jean ( 1985 )
Pretty in Pink ( 1986 )
Immediate Family ( 1989 )
My Girl ( 1991 )
Showgirls ( 1995 )
Female Perversions ( 1996 )
Eve 's Bayou ( 1997 )
Slums of Beverly Hills ( 1998 )
A Walk on the Moon ( 1999 )
Boys Don't Cry ( 1999 )
Tumbleweeds ( 1999 )
The Virgin Suicides ( 1999 )
Ginger Snaps ( 2000 )
Happy Campers ( 2001 )
The Magdalene Sisters ( 2002 )
Osama ( 2003 )
Saved ! ( 2004 )
Dirty Love ( 2005 )
She 's the Man ( 2006 )
The Reaping ( 2007 )
Superbad ( 2007 )
Towelhead ( 2007 )
The Runaways ( 2010 )
Adobe Systems , Inc. the San Francisco - based software company , that has been heavily criticized recently by Apple , Inc CEO Steven Jobs , announced yesterday they were releasing a mobile version of Flash , starting with Android cell phone OS .
Adobe states in the press release that Flash is already one of the top free Android apps and it will be supported by a variety of Adobe partners .
One of the big criticisms of Apple 's highly successful iPad and iPhone has been its lack of support for Flash , which appears on countless web sites .
When you encounter one of these sites on an Apple device , you simply can't run the site .
Anthony Ha reporting on Venture Beat said his experience last month using Flash on a Nexus One was mixed , with sites optimized for mobile Flash giving a better experience than just generic Flash sites that had not had the mobile treatment .
Adobe is effusive in its press release , but it still remains to be seen if mobile Flash can produce as they hope it will .
Al Hilwa , program director of the Application Development Program at at IDC believes it 's a lot more than interim release .
" Although it is labeled a dot release , Flash Player 10.1 is a significant update that includes a number of new performance and mobile specific features , " he said .
Hilwa added that it fills in holes in the mobile experience on the Web .
" This allows consumers to see a much bigger part of the Web and allows developers to bring their Flash Platform skills to a much bigger swath of devices . ”
Google and Adobe made a big splash at the Google I/ O conference last month , even taking the time to stick it to Apple a bit ( as I wrote in Google Bloodies Apple on Technology Playground ) .
So it makes sense that they have chosen to launch it on the Android platform first .
Whether Adobe has answered critics with this mobile release remains to be seen , but it certainly raises the stakes in the ongoing battle between Adobe and Apple .
One of the many splendours of modern technology is that it is able to transmit round - robin witticisms to those who might otherwise find themselves short of an aperçu at the most opportune of moments .
Consider the embarrassment averted this morning at Port Elizabeth airport , when the BlackBerry of an England supporter beeped obligingly into life .
The screen was consulted .
" This is great , " he bellowed to assembled travellers , sweetly extending the bounty to those who were not in his touring party – and indeed those not fortunate enough to have won first prize in the lottery of life and been born an Englishman .
" This World Cup is exactly like the second world war , " he guffawed .
" The French surrender early , the US turn up late , and we 're left to deal with the bloody Germans . "
It brought the house down .
Unfortunately , he was n't buried in the rubble .
But by now , a welter of Do n't Mention The Score headlines should have convinced you that you 're in for a beguiling few days until England meet Germany in Bloemfontein on Sunday .
With his last minute , group - winning goal against Algeria yesterday , the USA 's Landon Donovan effectively assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand and invaded Poland .
England now face the old enemy – the old enemy being the one within , namely some people 's pathological inability to view football games with Germany through any other prism than war .
Yet if this enemy has an ally – an Axis buddy , if you will – it is the idea that our nation enjoys a serious football rivalry with Germany .
From the minute England 's round of 16 destiny was clear , you will have heard much about this sainted antagonism with Germany .
Yet the so - called rivalry is quite obviously an illusion , existing only in the minds of those wishful to the point of insanity – which is to say , the English .
We are rivals with Germany in the same way Christine Bleakley is rivals with Oprah .
How to put it even more starkly ?
Since 1966 , Germany have been in 11 major tournament finals , of which they have won five .
We 've been in two semi-finals , and it hardly needs pointing out how that ended .
The only time we beat them in tournament football is when it did n't matter , during Euro 2000 when both England and Germany went out in the first round anyway .
As for that 5 - 1 victory in Munich , there may be some who think that venerating a qualifying game in this way makes them look a force to reckoned with .
But on one of the news channels the other day , a German living in England was asked about that night in 2001 .
If the question was meant as the most hamfisted of provocations – and I think it was Sky News , so it would have been – the reply was a study in understated fly - squashing .
" Yes , " said the German , gently .
" I see the DVD is still selling in shops . "
Wise heads have long since outsourced the settling of this ancient and hilariously one - sided blood feud .
A friend swears that for him the greatest moment in English football in the last couple of decades came in 1994 , at the World Cup in the US , when the Bulgarian Yordan Letchkov scored a brilliant header in the 78th minute that put Germany out in the quarter - finals .
Letchkov , he reasons , was English footballer of that year , and if he was only named so on the honours boards of ironist publicans , then that is to our self - deceiving nation 's discredit .
Harold Wilson blaming his 1970 election defeat on England 's exit at the hands of West Germany in the World Cup in Mexico , Kevin Keegan resigning in the Wembley bogs – these are the sorts of things that happen after inevitable German wins , and there is a reassuringly traditional quality to them .
In a world that has changed bewilderingly in recent decades , England losing to Germany in major tournaments is one of the few certainties .
The consequences of an upset of this natural order can only be immense .
Watching that relatively insignificant 5 - 1 victory in 2001 , the father of the then German coach Rudi Völler suffered a heart attack inside the stadium – and it is difficult not to think that a comparatively enormous upset in Bloemfontein could unleash such a dangerous collective euphoria in England that it could tear the very fabric of space and time itself .
It would be like blasting gigawatts of power into the nation 's flux capacitor – indeed , it might quite literally blast us back to 1966 .
Do let 's be careful what we wish for .
World War II Bomb Disposal Slightest Movement Can ' Trigger A Catastrophe '
Following the deaths of three bomb - disposal workers in an explosion in Göttingen last week , Andreas Heil , head of explosives ordnance disposal firm Tauber , explains what went wrong and why it's so difficult to defuse the more than 100,000 unexploded World War II bombs still littering Germany .
Image caption AIG is trying to sell parts of its business but has hit some difficulties
AIG has returned to profit in the first quarter of 2010 , thanks to an improved income from its investments .
The firm , which is nearly 80 % owned by the US government , made $ 1.5 bn ( £ 1 bn ) in the period , compared with a loss of $ 4.4bn a year earlier .
But it said tough economic conditions meant its insurance business continued to struggle .
AIG shares rose by 3.2 % in pre-market trading on Friday .
" I am pleased with their progress , but there is still more work to be done , " said chief executive Robert Benmosche .
Snag
The firm has agreed to sell two major foreign businesses to bolster its finances and put it in a position to repay some of the $ 183bn in government loans it received in its taxpayer - funded bailout .
But AIG 's plans to sell its Asian business AIA to UK group Prudential for $ 35.5 bn hit a snag after the Pru delayed a rights issue to fund the purchase .
In the other deal , MetLife is paying $ 6.8bn in cash and $ 8.7bn in shares for American Life Insurance Company ( Alico ) , which operates in more than 50 countries .
Queen : OK , let 's see what this little baby can do . . .
Bodyguard : Your seat belt , Ma'am . . .
Queen :
It does n't bloody work since Charles cut the damn thing . . .
Bodyguard : But even so , Ma'am . . .
Queen :
If you think I 'm going to hang around and watch another minute of dreary polo while you try and fix it , you can fork right orf .
Bodyguard : Very good , Ma'am .
It would help if you put it in gear . . .
Post your suggestions below
By By Bill Lindner May 22 , 2010 in Politics Stock market manipulations and subsidies continue profiting Wall Street at our expense -- a week after the stock market lost almost a trillion dollars in a matter of hours , the four largest banks claimed to make money for 63 trading days in a row For the 63 straight trading days in Q1 , Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan , Bank of America , and Citigroup reportedly made money trading for their own accounts .
Those in Congress and the Federal government can't seem to figure out what happened to cause the stock market to lose almost 1,000 points , but it does n't take a rocket scientist to realize that there is something majorly wrong with this picture .
For most Americans , trading is supposed to be a risky business .
Sometimes you win , sometimes you lose .
Traders justify their egregious bonuses by claiming their jobs are so risky that they deserve to be paid millions for protecting their firms ' precious capital .
But , as we all know , the only thing that happens when Wall Street loses billions because of their fraudulent bets , is that taxpayers bail them out and those responsible for all the fraud receive huge ' retention ' bonuses to make sure they do n't leave and trade somewhere else .
The ' Real Economy ' Continues falling into the abyss But , trading for Wall Street is n't risky at all .
It is for everyday Americans , but not for Wall Street .
Why ?
Because the U.S. government lends money to the big banks at near - zero interest rates , which in turn , lend the money back to the U.S. government at 3 % - 4 % interest rates , making 3 % + just like that .
What 's more , the banks are The U.S. government supposedly lends banks money at near - zero interest rates so the banks will lend money to small businesses , big businesses , and others in the ' real economy . '
The only problem is , the banks are n't lending money to businesses or any other participants in the ' real economy . '
The banks are using the money to make themselves money .
Consequently , the ' real economy ' continues falling over a cliff into the abyss .
Lending money to the private sector is risky .
Lending money received from the government back to the government is almost risk - free , so banks lend money back to the government and make their 3 % - 4 % , repeatedly leveraging up their bets .
The World 's Economy is one big Fraudulent Ponzi Scheme
That 's how the big banks made money 63 days in a row .
If you were working at a big bank , getting money for free and lending it back to the lender for a small profit , you 'd be making millions of dollars too .
Then , you 'd get to take half the money home as a bonus .
In other words , the government 's zero- interest - rate policy is the biggest Wall Street subsidy yet .
It has n't done much to increase credit in the real economy , but it has screwed responsible people who lived within their means and are now earning next - to - nothing on their savings .
It has also
The world 's economy is one big fraudulent ponzi scheme that was intentionally designed to make the rich richer at the cost of everyone else .
The stock market is a fraud .
What many do n't realize is that the stock market is -- and has been -- manipulated to benefit Wall Street and its friends around the world .
It 's time for Wall Street 's Day of Reckoning The Plunge Protection Team ( PPT ) -- created in 1989 by President Reagan to prevent a repeat of the Wall Street meltdown of October 1987 , has secretly manipulated the stock market for decades .
The PPT 's members include the Secretary of the Treasury , the Chairman of the Federal Reserve , the Chairman of the SEC , the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , big major banks , the New York Stock Exchange , and other exchanges .
More information on how the PPT secretly manipulates the stock market can be found from Prior to the nearly 1,000 point drop a couple weeks ago , the stock market had steadily lost hundreds of points during the week .
Why ?
Possibly due to Wall Street being investigated for fraud , and for suggestions that the government audit the Federal Reserve .
It 's too coincidental to be much of anything else but intentional manipulation by Wall Street , which has basically threatened to blackmail the world if it 's investigated or if any attempts are made to hold them accountable for all their fraudulent actions .
The too - big - to - fail financial institutions need to be broken up and the public needs to be given back all the money they 've been defrauded out of by Wall Street and their friends around the world .
70 percent of all trades are executed by computer algorithms via high frequency trading , and Goldman Sachs has the power to make the market crash or rise at will .
The 1000 point stock market crash could have been an act of financial terrorism .
More information on Goldman Sach 's fraudulent manipulation of the stock market can be found from The taxpayer bailout of Wall Street --
There should be no penalty for pulling your money out of the stock market , but there is .
Until there is an investigation -- and until all the fraudsters in Washington and Wall Street are held accountable -- it 's only going to get worse .
How much longer can A week after the stock market suspiciously tanked and dropped almost 1,000 points -- losing almost a trillion dollars -- in a matter of hours , four of the biggest financial institutions on Wall Street responsible for defrauding the world of trillions of dollars announced that for 63 straight trading days in the first quarter , they did not lose any money trading For the 63 straight trading days in Q1 , Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan , Bank of America , and Citigroup reportedly made money trading for their own accounts .
Those in Congress and the Federal government can't seem to figure out what happened to cause the stock market to lose almost 1,000 points , but it does n't take a rocket scientist to realize that there is something majorly wrong with this picture .
For most Americans , trading is supposed to be a risky business .
Sometimes you win , sometimes you lose .
Traders justify their egregious bonuses by claiming their jobs are so risky that they deserve to be paid millions for protecting their firms ' precious capital .
But , as we all know , the only thing that happens when Wall Street loses billions because of their fraudulent bets , is that taxpayers bail them out and those responsible for all the fraud receive huge ' retention ' bonuses to make sure they do n't leave and trade somewhere else .
But , trading for Wall Street is n't risky at all .
It is for everyday Americans , but not for Wall Street .
Why ?
Because the U.S. government lends money to the big banks at near - zero interest rates , which in turn , lend the money back to the U.S. government at 3 % - 4 % interest rates , making 3 % + just like that .
What 's more , the banks are reportedly leveraging this trade , borrowing at least $ 10 for every $ 1 of equity capital they have , to increase the size of their bets -- meaning that banks can turn relatively small amounts of equity into huge profits by borrowing from the taxpayer and turning around and lending it right back to the taxpayer with interest .
The U.S. government supposedly lends banks money at near - zero interest rates so the banks will lend money to small businesses , big businesses , and others in the ' real economy . '
The only problem is , the banks are n't lending money to businesses or any other participants in the ' real economy . '
The banks are using the money to make themselves money .
Consequently , the ' real economy ' continues falling over a cliff into the abyss .
Lending money to the private sector is risky .
Lending money received from the government back to the government is almost risk - free , so banks lend money back to the government and make their 3 % - 4 % , repeatedly leveraging up their bets .
That 's how the big banks made money 63 days in a row .
If you were working at a big bank , getting money for free and lending it back to the lender for a small profit , you 'd be making millions of dollars too .
Then , you 'd get to take half the money home as a bonus .
In other words , the government 's zero- interest - rate policy is the biggest Wall Street subsidy yet .
It has n't done much to increase credit in the real economy , but it has screwed responsible people who lived within their means and are now earning next - to - nothing on their savings .
It has also reportedly allowed the big Wall Street banks to print money to offset all the fraudulent bets responsible for destroying the world 's economy .
The world 's economy is one big fraudulent ponzi scheme that was intentionally designed to make the rich richer at the cost of everyone else .
The stock market is a fraud .
What many do n't realize is that the stock market is -- and has been -- manipulated to benefit Wall Street and its friends around the world .
High frequency trading ( HFT ) is a scam .
HFT is rigged to intentionally screw the public for the benefit of a few major international banks .
The Plunge Protection Team ( PPT ) -- created in 1989 by President Reagan to prevent a repeat of the Wall Street meltdown of October 1987 , has secretly manipulated the stock market for decades .
The PPT 's members include the Secretary of the Treasury , the Chairman of the Federal Reserve , the Chairman of the SEC , the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , big major banks , the New York Stock Exchange , and other exchanges .
More information on how the PPT secretly manipulates the stock market can be found from the Market Oracle Prior to the nearly 1,000 point drop a couple weeks ago , the stock market had steadily lost hundreds of points during the week .
Why ?
Possibly due to Wall Street being investigated for fraud , and for suggestions that the government audit the Federal Reserve .
It 's too coincidental to be much of anything else but intentional manipulation by Wall Street , which has basically threatened to blackmail the world if it 's investigated or if any attempts are made to hold them accountable for all their fraudulent actions .
The too - big - to - fail financial institutions need to be broken up and the public needs to be given back all the money they 've been defrauded out of by Wall Street and their friends around the world .
Goldman Sachs has been accused of manipulating the stock market for years .70 percent of all trades are executed by computer algorithms via high frequency trading , and Goldman Sachs has the power to make the market crash or rise at will .
The 1000 point stock market crash could have been an act of financial terrorism .
More information on Goldman Sach 's fraudulent manipulation of the stock market can be found from AlterNet The taxpayer bailout of Wall Street -- which has cost trillions more than we 've been told -- has n't been enough to quell the greed on Wall Street , and nothing has been done about the rampant fraud .
Many in Washington have profited greatly at America 's expense , which is why government oversight -- and the lack thereof -- is a major joke .
As noted by the Market Oracle , the stock market is a crap shoot that serves the sole interests of establishment elites , corporate plutocrats , and banking giants .
Regular Americans are losing what is left of the money they 've invested in the stock market .
There should be no penalty for pulling your money out of the stock market , but there is .
Until there is an investigation -- and until all the fraudsters in Washington and Wall Street are held accountable -- it 's only going to get worse .
How much longer can this charade go on before the people do something about it ?
It 's time for Wall Street 's day of reckoning .
This opinion article was written by an independent writer .
The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about Wall street , Stock market , Real economy , High frequency trading , Goldman Sachs
More news from wall street stock market real economy high frequency tradi ... goldman sachs morgan bank america citigroup stock market manipul ...
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday replaced Gen. Stanley McChrystal as commander of U.S. and allied forces in Afghanistan and nominated Gen. David Petraeus to replace him while affirming support for a counterinsurgency strategy encountering problems .
The dramatic shift came a day after McChrystal 's disparaging comments about America 's civilian leadership surfaced , and reignited the national debate on the war in Afghanistan -- now in its eighth year with a June death toll of coalition forces that is close to becoming the highest of the war .
Obama accepted McChrystal 's resignation " with considerable regret " and named Petraeus , the head of the U.S. Central Command , to take over pending Senate confirmation .
" It is the right thing for our mission in Afghanistan , for our military and for our country , " Obama said outside the White House , flanked by top civilian and military leaders including Vice President Joe Biden ; Adm .
Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ; Defense Secretary Robert Gates , and Petraeus .
McChrystal 's remarks in a Rolling Stone article undermined the civilian control of the military " at the core of our democratic system , " Obama said , noting the decision to replace the general did not involve any disagreement over strategy or personal issues .
" I believe that it is the right decision for our national security , " Obama said .
" The conduct represented in the recently published article does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general . "
Obama said that as hard as it is to lose the general , the " war is bigger than any one man or woman . "
More importantly , he said , the war requires a unified effort from civilian and military leaders , warning that he wo n't tolerate division within his team .
" I believe that this mission demands unity of effort across our alliance and across my national security team , " Obama said .
" And I do n't think that we can sustain that unity of effort and achieve our objectives in Afghanistan without making this change . "
The president urged the Senate to swiftly confirm Petraeus , who would leave his Central Command position .
Senate Armed Services Committee chairman Carl Levin , D - Michigan , later said a confirmation hearing would begin no later than Tuesday , and he expected it to take one day .
" We know Gen. Petraeus , " Levin said .
" I do n't think there will be anybody who will say we need more time . "
McChrystal issued a statement Wednesday saying that he strongly supports Obama 's strategy in Afghanistan and is " deeply committed " to the coalition forces and the Afghan people .
" It was out of respect for this commitment -- and a desire to see the mission succeed -- that I tendered my resignation , " McChrystal 's statement said .
" It has been my privilege and honor to lead our nation 's finest . "
A source close to McChrystal offered a description of the roughly 30 - minute meeting between Obama and McChrystal that led to the general 's resignation Wednesday morning .
McChrystal briefly explained the magazine article at the center of the controversy , took responsibility and then offered his resignation , the source said .
Obama accepted the resignation , the source said .
The president " had no intention of keeping him , " and McChrystal knew that going in , the source said .
McChrystal is not returning to Afghanistan , and his personal belongings will be shipped home , according to the source .
Immediate political reaction from both parties was positive , with lawmakers saying Obama had little choice in making a change and that Petraeus was the best choice for the job .
Levin noted that Petraeus authored the counterinsurgency strategy now being followed in Afghanistan .
The spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai expressed disappointment at the loss of McChrystal but called Petraeus the " obvious " replacement , while statements from allied governments and NATO also offered support and commitment to the Afghanistan mission .
In the magazine article , McChrsytal and his top officers are quoted making disrespectful comments about civilian officials including Biden , U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry , special representative to Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke and National Security Adviser Jim Jones .
News of the article set off a political firestorm Tuesday .
Obama was " angry " after reading the general 's remarks , said White House press secretary Robert Gibbs , who added that McChrystal had a " profound " mistake .
McChrystal apologized Tuesday , but was recalled to Washington and met with Gates and Mullen on Wednesday before going to the White House , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said .
After he met with Obama , McChrystal was not invited to participate in a separate White House national security meeting on the war in Afghanistan , two sources told CNN .
The reported remarks by McChrystal and his staff were strongly criticized on Capitol Hill .
Three key Senate leaders on defense and foreign policy issues -- Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and independent Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut -- said in a news conference Wednesday that Obama had no choice but to replace McChrystal .
" The statements of the general not only were outside the norm , they really did put into question military subordination of civilian control , " Graham said , taking particular issue with unnamed officers in the article who he said showed disrespect and a cavalier attitude he termed " unacceptable . "
" This is a low point in my view for the armed forces in a very long time , and I 'm glad the president made this decision , " Graham said .
" There are some other officers that need to be looked at , and they need to be replaced . "
At the same time , the senators and others said Obama should now make clear that a troop withdrawal from Afghanistan will only occur when conditions allow it , rather than on the July 2011 date set by the administration .
Petraeus " is an outstanding military leader , but even he can't win in Afghanistan if the president continues to insist on an arbitrary withdrawal date -- a fact our enemies are counting on and our allies fear , " said Sen.
Kit Bond of Missouri , the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Levin , D - Michigan , told reporters that Petraeus supports the July 2011 date for starting a troop withdrawal based on conditions on the ground .
" What will be conditions - based is not whether reductions begin in July 2011 , but the pace of those reductions , " Levin said Petraeus told him .
Levin acknowledged that Petraeus or Obama could change their minds on the issue , saying , " nothing is etched in stone . "
Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman John Kerry , D - Massachusetts , said in a written statement that Obama 's " decision to return Gen . ( David ) Petraeus to the battlefield provides not just continuity in philosophy , but tested diplomatic skill that is at the very center of a military strategy which hinges on progress in governance to sustain military gains . "
House Armed Services Committee chairman Ike Skelton , D - Missouri , said that Petraeus " is the best that we have . "
" I have great confidence in his ability to bring about a successful outcome in Afghanistan .
The commander - in - chief must have confidence in his commanders in the field , " he said .
" It is time to move on and return our focus to waging the war in Afghanistan . "
A spokesman for the Afghanistan Defense Ministry said his government would have preferred to see McChrystal stay , but was happy Petraeus had been tapped as the replacement .
" We 're not happy to see Gen . McChrystal go , but of all the choices that could have been made , we are happy to hear it is Petraeus who will continue the mission , " Gen. Mohammad Zahir Azimi said .
Obama tapped McChrystal to head the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan in the spring of 2009 shortly after dismissing Gen. David McKiernan .
McChrystal was strongly recommended as the best choice to carry out the counterinsurgency strategy created by Petraeus in Iraq , but administration officials later expressed displeasure with what they thought was McChrystal 's leak of his request for more troops for Afghanistan before Obama completed his review of the issue .
The president eventually ordered 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan , most of the number sought by McChrystal .
CNN's John King , Suzanne Malveaux , Barbara Starr , Dana Bash , Alan Silverleib , Ted Barrett and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .
Ann Arbor , Michigan ( CNN ) --
There have n't been many times when I have been at a loss for words when conducting an interview as a medical reporter .
This was one of those moments .
The man cleared his throat , after ignoring the question I just asked him .
" You want to know what I think ? " he said loudly .
" I do , " I replied .
" Is that what this is about -- you want to know how I really feel , what makes me tick ? " he said even louder .
I nodded as calmly as I could .
" Let me tell you something , " his voice trailed off .
He paused and looked momentarily distracted .
He gave a long , hard look at his lawyer , who was standing right behind me .
He shivered a little bit and bunched up his powder blue sweater .
" I have no regrets , none whatsoever , " he said .
It was windy outside , but it was also over 90 degrees in sunny Ann Arbor , Michigan .
I was now sweating , and he was ... well , cold .
He shifted his gaze from his lawyer back to me .
" Sanjay , you want to know the single worst moment of my life ? "
That was n't the question I asked , but in fact I was curious to know the answer .
" OK , " I replied -- a little uneasily .
He smiled now and said in a very deliberate , almost staccato voice : " The single worst moment of my life ... was the moment I was born . "
And , we had officially begun my sit - down interview with Dr. Jack Kevorkian .
We were in Ann Arbor because we both attended the University of Michigan Medical School .
I graduated in 1993 and the 82 - year - old Kevorkian in 1952 .
We found his class picture in a long hallway connecting the medical school to the University Hospital .
As he shuffled toward the picture , he leaned in to me and said , " I am not a sentimental person . "
Still , he had a glimmer in his eye when he identified the younger and more handsome version of himself .
I was about to ask him about the other members of his class , when he started pointing at various student pictures .
" Dead ... dead , dead , " he repeated over and over .
He was bringing me up to date on the status of his classmates .
" Dead , dead , " he paused and cracked a smile .
" This guy here ... he wanted me in jail . "
I looked over , pointed , and asked , " This guy ? "
" No ... but , he probably did as well , " Kevorkian replied .
He then laughed and shuffled off again down the hallway .
I did n't know what to expect when I was planning this interview .
I had read everything I could find about him , including two books he had written while in prison .
I had watched " Kevorkian , " the documentary that will premiere June 28 on HBO and the recent docudrama with Al Pacino , for which , he told me , he received " not a penny . "
He lives in a small apartment in Royal Oak and has recently adopted a caloric - restriction diet , eating around 500 calories a day , he says .
Kevorkian had sprung onto the national scene right about the time I was starting medical school .
He fascinated my parents , and during the rare occasions I attended a cocktail party with them , the conversation among their friends seemed to always turn to him .
He invoked strong emotions in so many people he had never met .
" During your interview for medical school , right there in that building , when they asked you , ' Why do you want to be a doctor ? ' what did you answer ? " I asked .
" What did you answer ? " he replied somewhat harshly .
Throughout the two - and - a - half hour interview , he fluctuated wildly between being downright combative and hostile to being sweet and fatherly .
It was almost as if he desperately wanted me to understand all the decisions he had made in his life .
By this point , I knew he was just asking me rhetorically , so I waited patiently for him to collect himself .
" I told them all the stuff they wanted to hear .
Oh , I want to heal people and I want to join medicine , because it is the noblest of all professions ... noble , yeah right . "
" Is medicine a noble profession ? " I continued .
" What do you think ? " he once again fired back .
I waited .
" No , it is not , " he finally answered .
Sanjay Gupta , M.D .
Dr. Jack Kevorkian is as opaque a person as I have ever met .
But despite his crazed rants -- often about the Ninth Amendment to the Constitution , complete with a defense of James Madison and trashing of Thomas Jefferson ( that guy ... he just took all the credit ! ) --
Kevorkian still knows how to make a point .
Not surprisingly , he strongly advocates assisted suicide , or euthanasia , or what he calls " patholysis . "
Terms matter to Kevorkian , and this is the term he prefers when describing the " medical procedure " he performed on at least 130 people , by his own count .
" Path means disease or suffering , " he said to me .
" And lysis , means destruction , " I said .
" Exactly , " he answered .
Patholysis , he repeated .
The destruction of suffering .
As we walked around campus , Kevorkian drew a lot of attention .
Many stopped to say hello , ask for an autograph or take a picture .
He spent time with every person , asking about them and their role at the university .
It was about an hour into the interview when I realized Kevorkian was trying to make a broader point .
It started when I cited a study about the people he had " patholysed . "
" It says here that in at least five of the people , there was no evidence of any disease on autopsy . "
I let that hang in the air for a second .
He seemed a little stunned that I had found this study .
He shook his head slightly , and looked again at his lawyer , with no intention of addressing the point I had just made .
" Recently , I had three former CEOs of companies -- perfectly healthy -- who called me up and told me they wish to die . "
He let that sink in .
It was my turn to be stunned .
" So ... what did you do ?
What did you tell them ? "
I asked gently .
" No , nothing , " he said with a dismissive wave of his hand .
" I did n't do anything , but people have their rights . "
I realized this was what he had building up to for some time .
This was n't just about assisted suicide ; this was about upholding the ability for people to do whatever they wanted to do , without interference from doctors , the states or the federal government .
That the rights of the masses should not impede on the rights of a few .
Someone once told me that was the " gist " of the Ninth Amendment , and it is something that has helped inform Dr. Jack Kevorkian 's thinking and his life .
Turns out he did have some regrets , which he told me about .
He wishes he'd treated his parents better , and his sister , he said quietly .
He also is deeply resentful that the Supreme Court never heard his case , which he felt was a constitutional one .
" That is what they are for ! "
For a moment , I had finally penetrated inside the head of Kevorkian , and it was a lucid , well thought - out , and somewhat frightening place to be .
And , perhaps he was right about Madison as well -- he really did n't get enough credit for contributing to the Constitution .
" In times of desperation , people may make decisions they regret , " I started up again .
" This is n't about deciding whether you want frozen yogurt or ice cream .
These decisions about patholysis are ... forever . "
He agreed with that point , but quickly pointed out that he obtained mental health exams on all of his patients before agreeing to proceed .
He also thoroughly reviewed medical records -- about what he was looking for exactly , he was less forthcoming .
Fact is , he says he turned down " many " patients who had requested his services .
And , for what it is worth , he never charged .
A family member had once sent repeated checks to him after Kevorkian assisted in his wife 's suicide , and he kept sending the money back , he told me .
I did ask Kevorkian about his reflections on his own mortality .
" I am not ready to die , " he answered .
" I have purpose in my life and three missions , " he added .
He wants to tell mankind about " impending doom . "
He worries that our culture of overabundance will soon lead to the extinction of the human race .
" I am not going to be too popular for that one . "
His second mission is to educate people about patholysis .
" They just do n't get it in Oregon , " he said .
" Or in Washington state or Montana , the other states , " where assisted suicide has been legalized .
In those states , a person has to be considered terminal in order to qualify for assisted suicide .
" What difference does it make if someone is terminal ? " he said .
" We are all terminal . "
His third mission is to convince the American public that their rights are infringed upon each and every day -- and that the Ninth Amendment is not being upheld .
Everything from banning smoking in public places , to assisted suicide , euthanasia and patholysis .
By the end of the interview , Dr Jack Kevorkian was smiling a lot and thanking me for spending a day with him .
He was back to the paternal , friendly Jack .
We shook hands , and he hung on for a few extra seconds , looked me in the eyes and said , " Thank you Sanjay . "
I told him it was an honor to meet him , and hoped to see him again soon .
As he shuffled away , I could n't help but think Kevorkian still invoked strong emotions in people -- but I also hoped that if the moment of his birth was the worst of his life that he had some good moments since then .
Joanie Laurer ( formerly WWE ’s Chyna ) has been named in connection with a battery investigation being conducted by the Los Angeles Police Department , according to celebrity gossip site TMZ.com .
The alleged victim , Gabriela Targos , reportedly felt her life was in danger during an violent incident at an LA - area motel recently .
Reports TMZ : “ Chyna called her up to hang out at the motel Saturday–but when Gabriela arrived , she claims Chyna immediately snapped and began attacking her for no reason .
Targos , who claims she ’s been friends with Chyna for years , says the former wrestler punched her in the face , dragged her by the hair , beat her with a wire hanger and threatened to kill her .
Gabriela claims she somehow managed to run out of the motel room , booked it down the street , and approached some cops who were eating dinner–who then took a police report . ”
Since leaving WWE , Laurer has gradually been spinning out of control in a desperate attempt to stay in the spotlight .
Rumors of alcoholism and drug use have plagued her .
I cannot say for sure , but something in her life has certainly eroded her once - chiseled body , along with her mental state .
Some say , however , that they could see the writing on the locker - room wall for Laurer during the height of her popularity with WWE .
Reportedly , more times than not , the former Chyna was aloof , even downright rude , backstage .
When her demands for more money were not met by WWE in 2001 , she was released .
( Admittedly , the fact that Triple H , her ex , was seeing Steph McMahon probably hastened her departure . )
Some females in wrestling , Laurer and Sable in particular , seem to forget that wrestling is what made them –without it , they do n’t offer much to mainstream entertainment .
They receive offers for Playboy shoots and TV guest - starring roles solely based on their popularity in the business .
Even the stunning Torrie Wilson , perhaps the prettiest of the WWE women ( until Maria ) to appear in Hef ’s mag , is nothing special compared to a Playboy Playmate ; however , at the time of her initial shoot , she was the most beautiful woman in wrestling .
When women use wrestling as a springboard to a bigger payday elsewhere ( Hollywood , music industry , etc. ) , the end result is usually disappointing .
That ’s probably what alarmed me most about the conversation I had with Stacy Keibler few years ago at a club in LA .
When Stacy told me of her desire to take acting classes and leave life on the road in wrestling behind , I understood but wondered if she could really tolerate being out of the spotlight while devoting the amount of patience and time required for an acting career in Los Angeles .
Though not wildly successful as actress today , Keibler has at least adjusted well ; Chyna … not so much .
Not too many guys can claim their NFL playing days as some of the most forgettable of their professional career , but when you 've played the Old Spice Odor Blocker , Cheeseburger Eddy and the president of the United States , a few minutes on the gridiron start to lose their luster .
Terry Crews , who played linebacker for the Rams , Chargers and Redskins between 1991 and 1995 , is perhaps the prototype athlete - to - actor crossover .
When The Life caught up with him , he had just finished a meeting about a reality show he 's directing -- not to be confused with his reality show " The Family Crews , " which is going into a second season .
His TV show with Ice Cube ( " Are We There Yet ? " ) premieres on TBS in June and he has three movies due out this year , including the anticipated action blockbuster " The Expendables . "
" I 'm the real Julius [ Rock , his father character with two jobs from " Everybody Hates Chris " ] .
I have so much stuff going on , it 's crazy .
Five or six jobs at once , but you gotta do it , though .
You gotta do it in this economy .
I thank God for every single one of these opportunities , " said Crews , 41 , in a phone interview Monday during a break in his busy schedule .
" I 'm just happy that people want to work with me .
I 've finally reached that place in my career where people are like , ' Hey , yeah , I 'll take a meeting with that guy . ' "
Riding an enormous wave of popularity surrounding the Old Spice Odor Blocker ads , Crews filled us in on what it 's like to have some pa - pa - pa - pa - pa - pa - pow - er .
Enough to block out the sun , to be exact .
The Life : Do you feel pressure to smell deliciously Deo Fresh every minute of the day ?
Crews :
Yes , I do .
I 'll tell you , I go to the gym and it's like , ' Oh man , I could really ruin the product right now ! '
The Life : What 's it like being a part of such a viral ad campaign ?
Crews :
It 's crazy .
Really , it 's better than a movie opening because it hits so many people at once .
To be honest , there 's nothing like it .
The Life : When did the Odor Blocker commercials first drop ?
Crews :
They first debuted during the Final Four -- which was insane .
After that weekend , I could n't go anywhere without someone giving me a line everywhere I go .
I love it , though .
The Life : How many times a day does someone look at you and sing " pa-pa-pa- pa- pa- pa- pow-er " ?
Crews :
Oh man , all the time .
I get kids running up to me yelling " Ex- plo-sion ! "
Or I go to church and I 'll hear " Belly kick ! "
It 's pretty funny .
Before the ads , I 'd be at the mall and people would call me out for the song from " White Chicks , " but right now it 's all Old Spice .
The Life : How did you get to be Mr. 16 - Hour Odor Blocker ?
Crews :
Well , I almost missed the chance , actually .
The spot was offered to me while I was shooting a TBS sitcom and the timing almost did n't work out .
I thought I was going to have to pass , and I was really disappointed -- I hate turning down work .
The great comedic directors Tim [ Heidecker ] and Eric [ Wareheim ] ended up waiting for me to get back to L.A. to start shooting the spots , and I can't tell you how thankful I am that they did .
The Life : Tim and Eric had you in mind for the role ?
Crews : I have a lot of fans from a Mike Judge movie I did with Luke Wilson a few years ago called " Idiocracy . "
I played the wild president of the United States .
That role is what got me noticed by Tim and Eric .
They have done a lot of funny stuff and have their show on [ Cartoon Network 's ]
Adult Swim .
They were a fan of what I had done and , of course , I am a big fan of their work ; they are very , very funny .
They went to my agent and said that they had this commercial for me .
As soon as I got back in Los Angeles we started shooting and we just had a ball .
I think we did five , six , seven spots and we just had so much fun together .
I 'm so grateful to be able to work with them ; it was just a marriage made in heaven .
The Life : So you had never met Tim and Eric before you got on the Old Spice set but you were their man ?
Crews :
Yeah , I mean , I 've always been the big , muscular , funny guy .
I appreciate the kind of comedy they create -- I 'm like a big 13 - year - old at heart , that 's my kind of humor ; it fit me .
The Life : You do have biceps coming out of your biceps .
Crews : [ Laughs ]
Yeah , you can get another big guy to do it , but I guess they just thought I could pull it off with a straight face .
I 'm so glad they waited for me .
The Life : At first glance , did you think the Old Spice ads were funny ?
Crews :
It was so crazy , at the time I was doing them , all I could think was that this is either the best thing I 've ever done or it 's the end of my career .
I knew right then that , these are so nuts , that people are going to love them or they 're going to hate me for life !
It turns out they loved 'em !
Everybody went nuts for these commercials .
And we 're talking about doing some more even crazier stuff , so look out .
Terry Crews ' crew is one reason he 's working so hard .
Crews and his wife , Rebecca , pose with their children , from left , Naomi Burton , Terra Crews , Wynfrey Crews , Isaiah Crews , and Azriel Crews of the BET show " The Family Crews . "
Frank Micelotta / Getty Images
The Life : Of all the spots , which one gets stuck in your head ?
Crews :
The one where I 'm on the tiger .
That 's my favorite .
" That 's ' cause it blocks B. Ohhhhhhh ! " is in my head all the time .
When you 're actually doing it over and over , it 's in your head forever .
That and " block , block , block , block , block ! "
I tell my friends , I 'm like , " Dude , you can love these or you can hate 'em but you 're never ever gonna forget 'em . "
The Life : Do you ever wish that you were the man on the horse ?
Crews :
Oh no , I love my deal .
But I will say that the commercials that Isaiah Mustafa did are the most genius commercials of all time .
I mean it .
" The Man Your Man Could Smell Like " is going to go down as the best commercial of all time , period .
You can't really compete with that .
But his commercial is for the ladies ; my commercial is for the guys .
Isaiah starts off with that " Hel - loo , ladies . "
Me , I 'm aimed at the dudes .
I 'm like , " Man , you stink ! "
The Life : Did you ever dream you 'd have so much acting success ?
Crews : I never imagined this , I 'm not gonna lie to you .
My love was always drawing and painting .
Even when I was in the NFL I was drawing and painting everybody .
I was an art major at Western Michigan and so there was art talent there ; I thought maybe I could be a special effects artist or something , but never imagined it would translate to work in front of the camera .
The Life : So to recap , you 're an artist , an actor , a former NFL player and you were the first black president ?
Crews : Ha !
Well , I was the president [ in the movie " Idiocracy " ] but he was this wild and crazy character -- President Camacho .
The Life : What first tugged you into Hollywood after football ?
Crews :
Some friends and I , we shot a terrible little movie in Detroit , a little gangster movie called " Young Boys Incorporated . "
I was n't in the movie , I just helped out with it and it was n't good at all , but I fell in love with the business .
I wanted to be involved in making movies , so my wife and I just moved out to L.A .
My friends thought I was crazy but I just figured that if I was going to fail , I was going to do it out here in Los Angeles .
At least it 's sunny out here !
A friend of mine invited me to an audition for this show called " Battle Dome . "
That was the first thing I ever auditioned for and I got it .
After that , I 've had work nonstop .
One thing leads to another .
That 's how my whole life has been .
The Life : How'd you make it to the NFL ?
Crews :
There 's no reason I should have made it to the NFL .
I played ball in high school so I walked on at Western Michigan .
Got a scholarship my third year there , somehow got drafted out of that little school [ in the 11th round ] , which got me on a practice squad from which I was eventually activated to an NFL roster .
My whole life has been one thing kinda turning into the next .
That 's my M.O. , just sneaking in through the back door .
I get in how I can .
The bad - ass action film ensemble from " The Expendables " includes , from left , Sylvester Stallone , Jet Li , Randy Couture , Terry Crews and Jason Statham .
Karen Ballard / Lions Gate Entertainment
The Life : And now you 've got two movies ( " The Expendables " and " Lottery Ticket " ) coming out in August .
Crews :
Yes , I do .
" The Expendables " is one I 'm really excited about .
I play a character called Hale Caesar who is Sly Stallone 's best friend .
We 're a mercenary team who just does jobs for hire .
We 're pretty much a bunch of losers , we 're not really good guys but we decide to do one good deed and that 's what it 's all about .
That 's one of the biggest action movies of all time .
Sly wrote it and directed it and he 's a master .
That 's how " Rocky " got up to , like , " Rocky 17 " -- because he knows how to do it .
This one 's got Arnold Schwarzenegger , Bruce Willis , Jet Li , Randy Couture , Mickey Rourke , Jason Statham , Steve Austin , Dolph Lundgren -- it 's really the manliest movie ever made .
So bring your deodorant when you go into the theater , that 's all I 'm sayin ' !
The Life : That pretty much makes you the most masculine man alive .
What 's your soft spot ?
Crews : I have four daughters .
Along with my beautiful wife , I 've got four daughters , and I just had a granddaughter .
You can't be tough around your girls ; it just do n't work !
You can try but they do n't buy it .
I 'm a dad , that 's what I do .
That 's my soft spot .
The Life : Those kids of yours have it rough .
They can't exactly pick up a quick Old Spice gift set at the drug store or soap - on - a - rope for you .
Crews : Nah , those gifts are going to go the other way around !
I 'm waiting for my son , he 's the youngest and he 's only 4 but I got some Odor Blocker just waitin ' for him !
I 'm gonna keep it in a time capsule ' til he gets to be about 10 years old and funky enough to use it .
The Life :
You have five kids and you 've been with your wife Rebecca for more than 20 years .
Can you offer some marital tips to all the athletes and actors out there ?
What 's your secret ?
Like buildings in one ad , Terry Crews ' acting career is exploding .
Courtesy of Old Spice
Crews :
The big secret is forgiveness .
The thing is , you can always find something to not forgive and you can always find a reason to leave .
Success in a marriage is all about forgiveness and finding a reason to stay .
We 've been through a whole lot together -- the NFL and entertainment careers and we 've forgiven each other through it all for various things .
You turn around and you realize who you want to spend the rest of your life with and when you know that , you can overlook things .
You have to realize that people are still growing and still learning -- now hopefully you do n't do anything that kills the whole relationship .
Thankfully , we have n't done that , but you know , it seems to always start with the little things and we try and nip those in the bud as they arrive and we always get counseling -- that 's one big thing for us -- and it 's just a matter of always wanting to improve .
Athletes and actors , they put a lot of time into everything they do and I 'd tell them that they have to put the same kind of time and investment into their marriage .
The Life : How about some parting advice to athletes whose playing days are over ?
Crews :
For football players -- or any athlete , really -- it 's just so hard to leave your sport .
After all those years , the transition is rough ; a lot of people never make the jump .
They 're never able to get away from their sport .
Some people make it and do it really well and others have a really hard time .
That 's why my heart goes out to guys like [ Lawrence Taylor ] , because he's an example of the guys who 've had a really difficult time after their playing days are behind them .
So many guys do n't know what to do .
It 's a really hard thing .
I thank God for my beautiful wife who stuck with me through it all because I know , for me , those were down days after I stopped playing .
Every day you wake up and you just wonder if anything else is ever gonna work for you again .
I am always telling guys that their best days are always still ahead .
If you 're playing in the NFL right now , you can't think of it as the best it 's ever gonna get .
And I know it 's all cyclical , but you gotta take it when it 's good .
And right now , for me , I 'm so blessed because it 's good .
Mary Buckheit is a freelance writer based in San Diego .
She can be reached at marybuckheit@hotmail.com .
KANSAS CITY , Mo. --
Bereft of baseball pageantry for decades , Kansas City will finally get to see the game 's best and brightest up close .
The 2012 All - Star Game is coming to Kauffman Stadium .
Commissioner Bud Selig made the formal announcement Wednesday at the newly renovated ballpark .
He was following through on a promise he made when Jackson County voters approved a sales tax increase in 2006 to finance work at Kauffman and Arrowhead Stadium , home of the NFL's Kansas City Chiefs , that totaled more than $ 500 million .
Selig was a close friend of Ewing Kauffman , the late founder of the Royals , and recalled attending the All - Star Game with him in 1973 , the year the facility opened as Royals Stadium .
" Ewing and I became quite close , " he said .
" I 've always had a great affinity for Kansas City .
" It 's a great baseball market , very much like Milwaukee , with a wonderful baseball tradition . "
Bringing the All - Star Game to Kansas City will focus the baseball world on a stadium and team that has n't received much national attention in a generation .
The Royals have n't made the postseason since winning the World Series in 1985 , a streak of 24 seasons and counting that is bested only by the Washington Nationals and Montreal Expos franchise , which has gone four years longer .
Since former Wal - Mart CEO
David Glass took control of the team following Kauffman 's death in 1993 , the franchise has struggled on the field and at the gate .
The Royals and Chiefs had to wage an expensive campaign to persuade voters to add to their tax burden .
The promise of an All - Star Game was held out as an enticement .
But Selig said the economic impact of an All - Star Game will approach $ 70 million for K.C .
" I 've seen what All - Star Games can do for franchises , and this is really going to help David Glass and the whole Royals organization , " he said .
There was competition , especially from Boston , where Fenway Park will celebrate its 100th anniversary in 2012 .
" In the '90s , you had to beg somebody to take the game .
Now I 've got a list of teams , and every time I award one there are some people , and I know who they are , who are mad , " Selig said .
" That 's all right .
They 'll get over it .
I do n't spend a lot of time worrying about those things anymore . "
He said he agreed that the Red Sox , who hosted the 1999 game , had " very interesting reasons . "
" It was tough , " Selig said .
" But the Royals made a terrific presentation , and Mr. Glass is always persuasive with me anyway .
With all the renovation and everything , this is a franchise we need to be successful , and hopefully this will help in the process , and I know it will . "
ROME 
As his fifth anniversary approached , Pope Benedict XVI had been building on a legacy of a scholarly man who tenderly urged people to look to the moral teachings of Jesus Christ to answer the dilemmas of modern life , be they political or personal .
Although his predecessor John Paul II traveled the globe often to meet millions of adoring Catholics , Benedict has been content to remain close to home and out of the limelight .
But today , five years to the day of the death of his charismatic predecessor , Benedict faces a sex scandal that some Vatican observers say threatens to overwhelm his accomplishments .
HOLY THURSDAY : Vatican slams media amid scandal
Emma Fattorini , an author specializing in church topics and a historian with Rome 's Sapienza University , said it would be unfair if that happened .
" These scandals could become a defining set of events , that really is a risk , but I hope that does not happen , " Fattorini said .
" These problems are bigger than the church and if they became central they would obscure so much good . "
In recent weeks , a series of sexual abuse and pedophilia accusations have emerged , two of which accuse the church 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , a Vatican office that decides whether priests should be tried and defrocked , of ignoring abuse allegations against some priests .
Benedict , as Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , was head of the office from 1981 to 2005 .
There is no evidence that Benedict was involved in the decisions in the cases raised , and up until recently , he had been praised by U.S. bishops for moving against cases of abuse by priests .
Cardinals across Europe used their Holy Thursday sermons to defend Benedict .
Vienna 's Cardinal Christoph Schoenborn , speaking of Benedict 's long years as head of a Vatican office that investigates abuse , said the future pope " had a very clear line of not covering up but clearing up . "
Many think Benedict , who turns 83 this month and celebrates his anniversary April 19 , must confront the matter .
" Much of what the Holy Father has accomplished so far , things like his encyclicals on love and hope , explorations into the relation between faith and reason ... the reinstatement of the Latin Mass , these things are too esoteric for the general public to absorb and understand , " said Alistair Sear , a London - based church historian .
" But scandals like these resonate . "
Fattorini said part of the problem is that Benedict lacks the charisma of John Paul , whose famous mea culpa — carried out against Cardinal Ratzinger 's advice — helped the Catholic Church seek forgiveness for wrongs committed during the Crusades , the Inquisition and against Jews in during the Catholic Church 's 2,000 - year history .
Sexual abuse and pedophilia may be harder to confront in that manner , observers say .
" What the pontiff needs is a passionate and sincere mea culpa so that the church can express regret for what happened and it can promise to take steps to prevent it from happening again , " said Giovannu Avena , the editorial director of Adista , a liberal journal covering church events .
" But I do n't think he can or has a desire to do it . "
Fattorini agreed .
" Benedict 's greatest liability is that he is not a great communicator in the mold of John Paul II or John XXIII , " she said .
Maria Rossi , co-director of the Rome polling firm Opinioni , said the recent coverage of the abuse cases may even be affecting the devout .
" When it comes to church matters , the general public is increasingly cynical and difficult to surprise with these things , and polls reflect that , " Rossi said .
" Where the problems are greatest is with the faithful , people who regularly pray and go to Mass .
In that group , you can see an erosion of support in recent months . "
Antonella Castelli , a 39 - year - old Roman nurse who took her two young daughters to St. Peter 's Square to explain Easter to them , said the scandals have not shaken her faith .
" I think that each time something like this comes out I turn away from the church a little , " she said .
" But I do n't turn away from God .
I think my relationship with God has become more personal and less dependent on the church and church traditions . "
Michael Murphy , a 51 - year - old Toronto travel agent in Rome as a religious tourist , said the pope is human just like anyone .
" We 're all human and that means we have flaws , whether it's me , my parish priest , or the bishop or the pope , " Murphy said during a visit to St. Peter's .
" I learned that we should only expect perfection from God , and I think we 'll be disappointed whenever we look for it elsewhere . "
After his memorial service in the Wesleyan University chapel , I carried a box from the crematory into the woods of an old convent where he and I often walked .
It was late April , overcast and cold .
By the side of a stream , I opened the box , scooped out a handful of ashes and threw them into the swirling water .
There were some curious spiraled metal wires , perhaps the leads of his pacemaker , mixed with the white dust and pieces of bone .
A year later , I took my mother to meet a heart surgeon in a windowless treatment room at Brigham and Women ’s Hospital in Boston .
She was 84 , with two leaking heart valves .
Her cardiologist had recommended open - heart surgery , and I was hoping to find a less invasive approach .
When the surgeon asked us why we were there , my mother said , “ To ask questions . ”
She was no longer a trusting and deferential patient .
Like me , she no longer saw doctors — perhaps with the exception of Fales — as healers or her fiduciaries .
They were now skilled technicians with their own agendas .
But I could n’t help feeling that something precious — our old faith in a doctor ’s calling , perhaps , or in a healing that is more than a financial transaction or a reflexive fixing of broken parts — had been lost .
The surgeon was forthright : without open - heart surgery , there was a 50 - 50 chance my mother would die within two years .
If she survived the operation , she would probably live to be 90 .
And the risks ?
He shrugged .
Months of recovery .
A 5 percent chance of stroke .
Some possibility , he acknowledged at my prompting , of postoperative cognitive decline .
( More than half of heart - bypass patients suffer at least a 20 percent reduction in mental function . )
My mother lifted her trouser leg to reveal an anklet of orange plastic : her do - not - resuscitate bracelet .
The doctor recoiled .
No , he would not operate with that bracelet in place .
It would not be fair to his team .
She would be revived if she collapsed .
“ If I have a stroke , ” my mother said , nearly in tears , “ I want you to let me go . ”
What about a minor stroke , he said — a little weakness on one side ?
I kept my mouth shut .
I was there to get her the information she needed and to support whatever decision she made .
If she emerged from surgery intellectually damaged , I would bring her to a nursing home in California and try to care for her the way she had cared for my father at such cost to her own health .
The thought terrified me .
The doctor sent her up a floor for an echocardiogram .
A half - hour later , my mother came back to the waiting room and put on her black coat .
“ No , ” she said brightly , with the clarity of purpose she had shown when she asked me to have the pacemaker deactivated .
“ I will not do it . ”
She spent the spring and summer arranging house repairs , thinning out my father ’s bookcases and throwing out the files he collected so lovingly for the book he never finished writing .
She told someone that she did n’t want to leave a mess for her kids .
Her chest pain worsened , and her breathlessness grew severe .
“ I ’m aching to garden , ” she wrote in her journal .
“ But so it goes .
ACCEPT ACCEPT ACCEPT . ”
Last August , she had a heart attack and returned home under hospice care .
One evening a month later , another heart attack .
One of my brothers followed her ambulance to the hospice wing where we had sat for days by my father ’s bed .
The next morning , she took off her silver earrings and told the nurses she wanted to stop eating and drinking , that she wanted to die and never go home .
Death came to her an hour later , while my brother was on the phone to me in California — almost as mercifully as it had come to my paternal grandfather .
She was continent and lucid to her end .
A week later , at the same crematory near Long Island Sound , my brothers and I watched through a plate - glass window as a cardboard box containing her body , dressed in a scarlet silk ao dai she had sewn herself , slid into the flames .
The next day , the undertaker delivered a plastic box to the house where , for 45 of their 61 years together , my parents had loved and looked after each other , humanly and imperfectly .
There were no bits of metal mixed with the fine white powder and the small pieces of her bones .
A vast ocean likely covered one - third of the surface of Mars some 3.5 billion years ago , according to a new study conducted by University of Colorado at Boulder scientists .
The CU - Boulder study is the first to combine the analysis of water - related features including scores of delta deposits and thousands of river valleys to test for the occurrence of an ocean sustained by a global hydrosphere on early Mars .
While the notion of a large , ancient ocean on Mars has been repeatedly proposed and challenged over the past two decades , the new study provides further support for the idea of a sustained sea on the Red Planet during the Noachian era more than 3 billion years ago , said CU - Boulder researcher Gaetano Di Achille , lead author on the study .
A paper on the subject authored by Di Achille and CU - Boulder Assistant Professor Brian Hynek of the geological sciences department appears in the June 13 issue of Nature Geoscience .
Both Di Achille and Hynek are affiliated with CU - Boulder 's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics .
More than half of the 52 river delta deposits identified by the CU researchers in the new study -- each of which was fed by numerous river valleys -- likely marked the boundaries of the proposed ocean , since all were at about the same elevation .
Twenty - nine of the 52 deltas were connected either to the ancient Mars ocean or to the groundwater table of the ocean and to several large , adjacent lakes , Di Achille said .
The study is the first to integrate multiple data sets of deltas , valley networks and topography from a cadre of NASA and European Space Agency orbiting missions of Mars dating back to 2001 , said Hynek .
The study implies that ancient Mars probably had an Earth - like global hydrological cycle , including precipitation , runoff , cloud formation , and ice and groundwater accumulation , Hynek said .
Di Achille and Hynek used a geographic information system , or GIS , to map the Martian terrain and conclude the ocean likely would have covered about 36 percent of the planet and contained about 30 million cubic miles , or 124 million cubic kilometers , of water .
The amount of water in the ancient ocean would have formed the equivalent of an 1,800 - foot , or 550 - meter deep layer of water spread out over the entire planet .
The volume of the ancient Mars ocean would have been about 10 times less than current volume of Earth 's oceans , Hynek said .
Mars is slightly more than half the size of Earth .
The average elevation of the deltas on the edges of the proposed ocean was remarkably consistent around the whole planet , said Di Achille .
In addition , the large , ancient lakes upslope from the ancient Mars ocean likely formed inside impact craters and would have been filled by the transport of groundwater between the lakes and the ancient sea , according to the researchers .
A second study headed by Hynek and involving CU - Boulder researcher Michael Beach of LASP and CU - Boulder doctoral student Monica Hoke being published in Journal of Geophysical Research - Planets -- which is a publication of the American Geophysical Union -- detected roughly 40,000 river valleys on Mars .
That is about four times the number of river valleys that have previously been identified by scientists , said Hynek .
The river valleys were the source of the sediment that was carried downstream and dumped into the deltas adjacent to the proposed ocean , said Hynek .
" The abundance of these river valleys required a significant amount of precipitation , " he said .
This effectively puts a nail in the coffin regarding the presence of past rainfall on Mars . "
Hynek said an ocean was likely required for the sustained precipitation .
" Collectively , these results support the existing theories regarding the extent and formation time of an ancient ocean on Mars and imply the surface conditions during the time probably allowed the occurrence of a global and active hydrosphere integrating valley networks , deltas and a vast ocean as major components of an Earth - like hydrologic cycle , " Di Achille and Hynek wrote in Nature Geoscience .
" One of the main questions we would like to answer is where all of the water on Mars went , " said Di Achille .
He said future Mars missions -- including NASA 's $ 485 million Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission , or MAVEN , which is being led by CU - Boulder and is slated to launch in 2013 -- should help to answer such questions and provide new insights into the history of Martian water .
The river deltas on Mars are of high interest to planetary scientists because deltas on Earth rapidly bury organic carbon and other biomarkers of life and are a prime target for future exploration .
Most astrobiologists believe any present indications of life on Mars will be discovered in the form of subterranean microorganisms .
" On Earth , deltas and lakes are excellent collectors and preservers of signs of past life , " said Di Achille .
" If life ever arose on Mars , deltas may be the key to unlocking Mars ' biological past . "
Hynek said long - lived oceans may have provided an environment for microbial life to take hold on Mars .
###
The study was funded by NASA 's Mars Data Analysis Program .
do - while
( PHP 4 , PHP 5 , PHP 7 )
do - while loops are very similar to while loops , except the truth expression is checked at the end of each iteration instead of in the beginning .
The main difference from regular while loops is that the first iteration of a do - while loop is guaranteed to run ( the truth expression is only checked at the end of the iteration ) , whereas it may not necessarily run with a regular while loop ( the truth expression is checked at the beginning of each iteration , if it evaluates to FALSE right from the beginning , the loop execution would end immediately ) .
There is just one syntax for do - while loops :
<? php
$ i = 0 ;
do {
echo $ i ;
} while ( $ i > 0 ) ;
?>
The above loop would run one time exactly , since after the first iteration , when truth expression is checked , it evaluates to FALSE ( $ i is not bigger than 0 ) and the loop execution ends .
Advanced C users may be familiar with a different usage of the do - while loop , to allow stopping execution in the middle of code blocks , by encapsulating them with do - while ( 0 ) , and using the break statement .
The following code fragment demonstrates this :
<? php
do {
if ( $ i < 5 ) {
echo " i is not big enough " ;
break ;
}
$ i *= $ factor ;
if ( $ i < $ minimum_limit ) {
break ;
}
echo " i is ok " ;
/* process i */
} while ( 0 ) ;
?>
In the less - than - three months since Apple first passed Wal - Mart to hold the third highest market capitalization among U.S. companies , Apple 's stock price has continued to increase while second - place Microsoft has seen its shares drift downward .
The combination of events has quickly closed the gap between the two companies , and today Apple finally surpassed Microsoft in market capitalization for the first time in 20 years , although second - by - second fluctuations currently see the two companies frequently swapping positions .
Market capitalization is a popular metric for assessing the size of a company as a representation of the investing public 's notion of the company 's worth .
The figure is derived by simply multiplying the number of outstanding shares of the company 's stock by the share price .
In the case of Apple , slightly over 900 million shares outstanding times over $ 250 per share yields a market capitalization of about $ 228 billion .
Microsoft , meanwhile , has a share price of only slightly over $ 26.00 but over 8.75 billion shares outstanding , giving it a nearly equal market capitalization to Apple .
With Apple and Microsoft now neck - and - neck , only Exxon Mobil 's $ 282 billion market capitalization remains significantly ahead of Apple 's among U.S. companies .
Exxon Mobil 's shares have dropped significantly over the past month , bringing its market capitalization down from a high of over $ 325 billion .
Following the latest efforts to plug the gushing leak from BP ’s Deepwater Horizon oil well in the Gulf of Mexico , and amid warnings that oil could continue to flow for another two months or more , perhaps it ’s a good time to step back a moment mentally and look at the bigger picture — the context of our human history of resource extraction — to see how current events reveal deeper trends that will have even greater and longer - lasting significance .
[ Note , the full text of this excellent commentary was too lengthy to publish on RenewableEnergyWorld.com .
A link to the entire piece is available at the bottom of this article . ]
The End is Nigh
There will be plenty of blame to go around , as events leading up to the fatal Deepwater Horizon rig explosion are sorted out .
Even if further efforts to plug the gushing leak succeed , the damage to the Gulf environment and to the economy of the region are incalculable and will linger for a very long time indeed .
The deadly stench from oil - soaked marshes — as spring turns to hot , fetid summer — will by itself ruin tens or hundreds of thousands of lives and livelihoods .
Then there ’s the loss of the seafood industry : we ’re talking about more than the crippling of the economic backbone of the region ; anyone who ’s spent time in New Orleans ( my wife ’s family all live there ) knows that the people and culture of southern Louisiana are literally as well as figuratively composed of digested oysters , shrimp , and speckled trout .
Given the historic political support from this part of the country for offshore drilling , and for the petroleum industry in general , this really amounts to sacrificing the faithful on the altar of oil .
President Obama has called the spill a “ massive and potentially unprecedented environmental disaster , ” and his representatives are now referring to it as both the worst oil spill and the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history .
But it ’s much more than that .
It is a sign that we ’re nearing the end of a trail we ’ve been following for at least a couple of centuries now .
Once again , I must repeat : we ’re not even close to running out of oil , coal , gas , or most minerals .
But we face a convergence of entirely predictable but severe consequences from the depletion of the concentrated , high - grade resources at the top of the pyramid : less affordable and more volatile commodity prices ; worse environmental impacts — cumulative , mutually reinforcing impacts — both from accidents and from “ normal ” extraction operations ; declining resource quality ; declining EROEI [ energy return on energy invested ] for fossil fuels ; and the need for massive new investment both to grow production levels , and to keep environmental consequences at bay .
And all of this is happening just as investment capital ( needed to fix all these problems ) is becoming scarce .
In short , the monetary and non-monetary costs of growth have been rising faster than growth itself , and it looks as though we have now gotten to the inevitable point where growth may in fact no longer be an option .
The Deepwater Horizon disaster reminds us that , of all non-renewable resources , oil best deserves to be thought of as the Achilles heel of modern society .
Without cheap oil , our industrial food system — from tractor to supermarket — shifts from feast to famine mode ; our entire transportation system sputters to a halt .
We even depend on oil to fuel the trains , ships , and trucks that haul the coal that supplies half our electricity .
We make our computers from oil - derived plastics .
Without oil , our whole societal ball of yarn begins to unravel .
But the era of cheap , easy petroleum is over ; we are paying steadily more and more for what we put in our gas tanks — more not just in dollars , but in lives and health , in a failed foreign policy that spawns foreign wars and military occupations , and in the lost integrity of the biological systems that sustain life on this planet .
The only solution is to do proactively , and sooner , what we will end up doing anyway as a result of resource depletion and economic , environmental , and military ruin : end our dependence on the stuff .
Everybody knows we must do this .
Even a recent American president ( an oil man , it should be noted ) admitted that , “ America is addicted to oil . ”
Will we let this addiction destroy us , or will we overcome it ?
Good intentions are not enough .
We must make this the central practical , fiscal priority of the nation .
In my 2006 book , The Oil Depletion Protocol : A Plan to Avert Oil Wars , Terrorism and Economic Collapse , I laid out a simple formula that could guide us in systematically reducing our global dependence on oil .
The same general plan could be adapted for use with all other nonrenewable resources .
At the time , I naively thought that environmentalists would eagerly take up the idea , and that a few courageous politicians would champion it .
So far , there has in fact been very little interest in the Protocol .
It turns out that nearly everyone likes the idea of using less oil , but nobody wants to take the step of actually mandating a reduction in its production and consumption , because that would require us to dethrone our Holy of Holies — economic growth .
It ’s so much more comfortable to spout support for the intention to build more electric cars — a technology that in fact will take decades to gain even moderate market penetration .
Fair enough .
But where does that leave us ?
In an oily mess at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico … and entangled in what may be the ultimate Catch 22 :
We want more petroleum - fueled economic growth , but we hate what the pursuit of petroleum is doing to us ( not to mention the environment ) , and it looks as though “ more ” may not be an option much longer in any case .
There ’s just no easy answer here , folks .
This article is an except of Richard Heinberg ’s latest ‘ Museletter . ’
The full piece contains more than 4000 words of expert opinion that shows deep insight into areas of the Gulf Spill disaster that are rich for fruitful exploration .
You can access the full article by clicking here .
Senior Fellow - in - Residence at Post Carbon Institute , Richard Heinberg is best known as a leading educator on Peak Oil — the point at which we reach maximum global oil production — and the resulting , devastating impact it will have on our economic , food , and transportation systems .
But his expertise is far ranging , covering critical issues including the current economic crisis , food and agriculture , community resilience , and global climate change .
Author of nine books , including The Party ’s Over , Peak Everything , and the newly released Blackout , Richard is regarded as one of the world ’s most effective communicators of the urgent need to transition away from fossil fuels .
With a wry , unflinching approach based on facts and realism , Richard exposes the tenuousness of our current way of life and offers a vision for a truly sustainable future .
No one was surprised when conservation organizations such as the Natural Resources Defense Council challenged the anti-environmental policies of President George W. Bush .
But it ’s a shock to many when we part company with the Obama administration .
It happens .
And it ’s happening right now on the question of what to do about commercial whaling and , more specifically , whether to maintain the 25 - year - old moratorium against the killing of whales for profit .
Last week , the International Whaling Commission announced a proposed 10 - year deal , spearheaded by the Obama administration , that would suspend the moratorium and allow whaling countries to kill whales legally for commercial purposes for the first time in a generation .
There ’s no disagreement between the council and the administration about the fact that the moratorium is one of the singular environmental achievements of the 20th century .
Before it was adopted , on average an estimated 38,000 whales were being killed each year .
Since the moratorium , that number has dropped to about 1,240 , and whale populations have begun , little by little , to rebound .
There ’s no disagreement that whales are among the most extraordinary creatures ever to inhabit the Earth .
And there ’s no disagreement that we need to protect them , or that many of the large whale species covered by the proposed agreement -- humpback , fin , sperm , sei and Bryde ’s whales -- are depleted or near extinction .
The problem is how best to protect them .
The Obama administration argues that the whaling moratorium should be suspended because it has loopholes that are being illegally exploited by Japanese , Norwegian and Icelandic whalers .
They believe that after 25 years of conflict within the International Whaling Commission , commercial whaling should be legalized in the hope that , by bringing the killing out into the open through agreed - upon quotas , a consensus eventually will emerge in support of a phase - out of whaling altogether .
Its intentions are good .
But the strategy is dead wrong .
First , the proposed deal nowhere requires a phase - out of whaling .
Not in 10 years .
Not ever .
Second , legalizing whaling in order to eliminate it makes as little sense as allowing criminal activity in order to eliminate crime .
By adopting the moratorium on commercial whaling , the world agreed that whaling , except for purposes of scientific research and subsistence , should not be allowed .
Period .
By suspending that global norm , the U.S. and the whaling commission will be ceding the legal and even the moral high ground to the very countries that , for decades , have been doing their best to circumvent it .
Rather than a step forward in the fight against commercial whaling , this is a monumental step backward .
Third , the hope that reaching an agreement with the whalers will , in some undefined way , appeal to their better nature , eventually strengthen their interest in conservation and lead them at some future point to abandon whaling is , at best , wishful thinking .
It is belied by the history of the whaling commission , where the whaling countries , even in the wake of the international agreement not to kill whales for commercial purposes a generation ago , have sought relentlessly to evade or end it .
Japan exploits the exception for scientific research ; Iceland and Norway assert their right to take exception to -- and therefore ignore -- the moratorium .
The Obama administration ’s fundamental premise -- that the proposed agreement will save thousands of whales over the next decade -- does n’t withstand scrutiny .
The agreement suggests quota numbers , but no actual numbers have been agreed to among the nations of the whaling commission -- or even among the smaller group of nations that have , for the last three years , been negotiating the proposed agreement behind closed doors .
The actual number of whales allowed to be killed if the agreement is adopted is , at this point , anybody ’s guess .
But even were that not the case , the situation that led the Obama administration to pursue this agreement in the first place would be unaffected by it .
The exception for scientific whaling exploited by Japan will not be rescinded , nor will the exceptions claimed by Norway and Iceland be nullified .
The agreement is fundamentally premised on an expectation that the countries signing the agreement will abide by it , notwithstanding their continuing right under the broader whaling convention to kill whales for research or pursuant to their existing exception .
Thus , the fundamental problem of loopholes remains .
Finally , even if some might consider limited “ sustainable whaling , ” it should adhere to science - based management principles .
However , the quotas under negotiation now are not a product of the whaling commission ’s scientific committee .
The negotiating process has been political , based on what the whaling countries are willing to accept rather than being governed by a scientific process to develop catch quotas consistent with the recovery of whale stocks .
Reasonable minds often can and do differ , even among friends .
But the whaling commission ’s proposal for the next decade is a terrible idea .
It would do more to protect the whaling industry than to protect whales , and it would be a tragic step backward to an era when the most magnificent animals on Earth could legally be slaughtered for profit .
President Obama , we strongly urge you to reject the deal on commercial whaling .
Your administration is making great strides in developing a sound national policy for the protection of our oceans .
Do n’t let the return of legalized whaling become your legacy .
Joel R. Reynolds is a senior attorney and director of , among other programs , marine mammal protection at the Natural Resources Defense Council in Los Angeles .
Recently I was lucky enough to have a link I submitted to reddit ( comment page ) make it to the site ’s front page .
While my link was originally posted to the sub - reddit r/programming , it quickly gained popularity and was on the main page for nearly 24 hours .
Here ’s a look at the raw access log , I ’ve included the entire month to show how drastic the increase ( and subsequent decrease ) in traffic was .
The link was submitted on May 24th .
The image itself was just over 171 KB , quite a bit of bandwidth was used , fortunately , my host allows 500 GB transfer per month .
And the corresponding numbers ( of the peak day ) from Google Analytics which line up very well .
And now , a closer look at the redditors themselves :
No surprise : Firefox is the preferred browser among the tech crowd .
More interesting in my opinion is Chrome beating out IE almost 4 to 1 .
Operating Systems :
Bonus – a few of the sites that picked up the link shortly after it appeared on Reddit ’s frontpage :
Those are the numbers that were most interesting to me .
Did I leave anything out ?
Leave me a comment and I will add it if possible , thanks .
SACRAMENTO , Calif .
– California ’s capital city last week joined a growing movement to boycott Arizona until its anti-immigrant law SB 1070 is repealed .
The City Council here voted 6 - 1 June 15 to join the boycott .
Two councilpeople were absent .
The council auditorium was full during the session .
When Mayor Kevin Johnson asked boycott supporters to stand , fully 80 percent of the audience rose .
At the two meetings where the council discussed the resolution , residents of many races , religions and nationalities testified .
Sacramento has been called the “ most diverse city in the U.S. ”
Among the supporters was former Sacramento Police Chief Arturo Venegas Jr. , who called the Arizona law the civil rights issue of today .
“ Will a boycott hurt Arizona ? ” Venegas asked the council .
“ Absolutely – that is the intent .
However , the true intent is to repeal the racist law of Arizona . ”
Another supporter of the boycott was Marc Grossman , long - time spokesman for the United Farm Workers .
He pointed out that UFW founder Cesar Chavez , whose family members were respected Arizona citizens for generations , would be a suspect under SB 1070 , and required to show his papers .
“ As Cesar said in a somewhat different context , ‘ Boycott the hell out of them , ' ” Grossman concluded .
Representatives of the Sacramento Labor Council , the Japanese - American Citizens Council , the NAACP , the California Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , the Council on American - Islamic Relations , the Democratic Party and many other organizations added their voices to the call for boycott action .
The one opposing vote came from Councilman Robbie Waters , whose bid for another term had been defeated in the election the previous week .
Photo : Sacramentans line up at the City Council meeting to support the Arizona boycott .
( PW / Gail Ryall )
There are a number of aspects of the above clip of the Roots , Ice Cube * and MC Ren covering N.W.A.'s epochal " Straight Outta Compton " that make it an instant classic .
They did it as a warmup on Jimmy Fallon 's show the other night , and ?uestlove of the Roots uploaded it .
First , well ... just listen to it :
Tight , tough and spontaneous ; as with most of the Roots ' hip - hop adaptations , they transform what was once a purely studio creation into something organic and true .
Second : Finally , the tuba takes its rightful place in the track .
We knew something was missing .
Turns out it was the tuba .
Third : Ice Cube is perfect ( and is that really MC Ren ? )
Fourth :
They do the whole thing without uttering a single one of the thousand cuss words in the original ; dodging that many bullets is a pretty amazing feat .
Fifth : ? uestlove on the drums .
( And , no , you can't really hear the tuba .
But that it 's there in the shot bouncing around is more than enough . )
* Note : the original version of this post contained a typo in the first mention of Ice Cube 's participation , which we corrected .
-- Randall Roberts
Not many people , except maybe the merchant bankers amongst us , expect to be rewarded for making the biggest mistake of our life by having a cheque for 5 million euros stuffed into our back pocket .
But that is what has happened this week to Manuel Pellegrini
Regular readers will know the very high regard GGW has for Pellegrini both as a man of dignity , decency and good character and also as a coach of the highest class .
His record with small town Villarreal in his 5 years there was nothing short of sensational , with highlights including a 2nd and 3rd place finish in La Liga and semi-final and quarter - final appearances in the Champions League .
Over his 5 years there Pellegrini made Villarreal the fourth placed La Liga team , bested only by Real Madrid , Barcelona and very narrowly by Sevilla but some way ahead of traditional giants and much better resourced Valencia and Atletico Madrid .
Under Pellegrini Villarreal were renowned for their attractive attacking style of football .
When Real Madrid came calling for Pellegrini early in the summer of 2009 there were two schools of thought in Villarreal as to whether or not he should let himself be seduced by the white siren .
The full subtleties of the debate that raged on through the better class bars ands hostelries of Vila - real will have to await the publication of my book on Villarreal “ The Yellow Submarine ” due to be published in Glasgow in September .
Suffice to say here both sides wanted nothing but the best for their most successful manager .
Most felt that of course he should jump at the chance of coaching the richest club in the world and getting access to the superstars bought with that wealth .
But the smaller and probably more insightful school of thought was that he did not have the right personality for such a job and that it would inevitably end in tears for reasons not connected with the quality of football he could produce with the Madrid resources .
Basically there were those who felt Pellegrini lacked the robustness and rudeness of character to cope with the raging bearpit that is the Real Madrid bench .
That in Villarreal he had been protected by the best President in the Spanish football Fernando Roig , and the best Chief Executive in world football Jose Manuel Llaneza .
With them around him Pellegrini did not always get what he wanted , but he did always get respect and support .
In Villarreal both the local papers El Periodico Mediterraneo and Superdeporte , and the local reporters for the national papers Marca and AS were very respectful to the club and its key representatives .
This school worried that Pellegrini would struggle to cope with the subtle barbarism of Florentino Perez and his cabal and with the ravenous wolves that needed to fill 12 pages every day of Marca and AS with stories about the club .
My own view at the time was that yes it would probably end in tears but really that as an ambitious manager who wanted to show he could win trophies in Europe as well as South America he had no choice but to grasp the opportunity and see what he could do with it
But from the beginning there were clear and ominous signs that he did not have the respect and the support of President Perez and his cronies , and that the press particularly Marca soon picked up this ambivalence and added their own layers of disrespect .
Just before the season started there were 27 Real Madrid players all expecting or at least strongly hoping to play some part in the 2010 Final in their home Stadium of Bernabeu on 22nd May .
What a wonderful experience it would be to be a part of the long - desired Decima , the 10th European Cup / Champions league victory of Real Madrid , in front of their home crowd in their own stadium .
Only 2 of these 27 dreams have come to fruition and neither player will be playing for Real Madrid .
Early in his initial work with his new players the Perez faction made it clear that the club wanted rid of Wesley Sneijder and Arjen Robben and hoped to raise some 50 m euros from their sale along with that of Van der Vaart .
Pellegrini wanted to keep both Schneider and Robben .
He treated them humanely and decently when the club were trying to isolate and ostracise them shamefully .
Pellegrini knew his team would benefit from Sneijder in midfield , and Robben on the wide sides , particularly when it became clear Perez would not be able to deliver the promised transfer of Ribery , which would have cost more than the 50 million euros to be saved from the sacrificial three .
That is when Pellegrini made his big mistake , when his Madrid fate was irremediably set in grief and failure
He should have gone straight to President Perez , over the head of Valdano and said to Perez , “ You ’ve appointed me as coach .
OK I was n’t your first choice , or your second choice or your third or even fourth choice but you appointed me and here I am .
I inherited Sneijder and Robben , I want them , let me keep them or I go ” .
And said it in such a way that Perez would have known that he meant it and if Perez did not deliver then he would find himself having to scramble desperately for a 6th , 7th or 8th choice coach only weeks before the season was due to start .
Both Sneijder and Robben , when fit , would have brought something very important to the Pellegrini style of play for Real Madrid , something missing in the 25 man squad he ended up with , and something that could have made the difference in helping Pellegrini avoid a trophy - less season .
So if he had done this , he would have almost certainly been a winner .
And in the unlikely event Perez had refused him then he could have walked away with his integrity intact and spared himself the 10 months of pain and humiliation he has had to endure anyway .
However such an act of challenge and defiance would have been totally against his character and personality .
So he did not make such a stand and the rest is the history we already know .
With Pellegrini emerging this week sacked but with that 5 million euro cheque in his back pocket to cover the second year he will now never have in charge of the Madrid team .
Wesley Sneijder was transferred to inter Milan and has been the most single successful player in their march to the 2010 Champions League Final .
It will be fascinating to see if Mourinho who appreciates a player who can do exactly what Mourinho asks him to do , with class and style and determination , tries to bring Sneijder back with him to Madrid next season .
If Inter win on Saturday then Real Madrid will receive a further 3 million euros , one of the conditions of the original transfer .
Arjen Robben was transferred to Bayern Munich and again has been the player most responsible for the Bayern march to the Final .
( See GGW post of 21st May )
The contest between the two of them to fulfil that summer 2009 dream and win the Champions League before 80,000 Madrid fans will be one of the more fascinating aspects of an intriguing match .
The Madrid crowd who appreciate good footballers will give both players a very warm and positive reception
Pellegrini will watch the match on television and wonder about what might have been .
He should know that GGW is not too critical of him for the mistake described in this article .
Pellegrini is who and what he is and that was good enough for Villarreal and will be good enough again in his next post .
This time before he commits himself he should seek and accept the advice of his friends the wise men Llaneza and Roig to ensure he has selected a club that will respect his personality as well as his talent and allow him to achieve the success he craves .
The Pittsburgh Pirates might get the first shot to solve Washington Nationals pitching phenom Stephen Strasburg , who has dominated at each of his minor league stops this season .
Strasburg is tentatively scheduled to make his major league debut against the Pirates at Nationals Park in a series that starts Tuesday , June 8 and ends Thursday , June 10 , a team source told ESPN The Magazine 's Buster Olney .
" If the dominoes fall the right way , this is what we 're looking at , " the source told Olney .
Nationals center fielder Nyjer Morgan , who was traded by Pittsburgh to Washington last season , was excited to hear that his former teammates might get the first big - league taste of Strasburg .
" This kid is a monster .
He is a special breed , " Morgan told MLB.com , which also reported that the Nationals were targeting the Pirates series for Strasburg 's debut .
" I 'm fired up that he will face my former team .
I just want to see him pitch really good against them .
He is going to bring an energy that we have n't had before here .
It 's something I 'm looking forward to . "
The Youth PROMISE Act ( Prison Reduction through Opportunities , Mentoring , Intervention , Support , and Education ) is bipartisan legislation ( H.R. 2197 , S. 1770 ) that will give our communities the support and funding they need to effectively address youth violence issues .
By specifically focusing on violence prevention and intervention strategies , this bill ensures we are funding programs that save lives and give every young person the opportunity to meet his or her potential .
A harrowing exploration of the rapid rise of American religious fanaticism after 9/11 .
This film explores an emerging ultra-rightwing mass movement seeking dominion over all aspects of contemporary American society .
The film weaves archival video , contemporary Christian Nationalist movement propaganda ( recruiting videos , apocalyptic / military video game imagery , etc. and original investigative material ) to create an intense examination of the mindset and its will to power
1
2
“ Funny ” thing is that all those folks are going to be dead when they are dead … whole life wasted on scam .
And it ’s destroying USA … .
No more USA , just Christian Taliban concentration camps in Jeebu$land , USA must act now to stop the Christian dogma spill …
Send to
Delicious – Twitter – Digg – reddit – StumbleUpon – buzz – Facebook – More
Rob Nicholls , UNSW
An A$ 800 million JobMaker Digital Business Plan has been released this week to support economic recovery in the wake of COVID - 19 .
Treasurer Josh Frydenberg said the package is :
targeted at building on this digital transformation of Australian businesses to drive productivity and income growth and create jobs .
The plan includes a controversial Digital Identity system the government says will make it easier to engage “ with government services , and in future , the private sector ” .
The big question is how ready the government is to handle the responsibility associated with such a scheme — and how it fits with similar schemes already announced by other departments , such as the Australian Tax Office .
The breakdown
You can read the press release here but some of the measures include :
$ 256.6 million to develop a ‘ digital identity system , ’ for example , to enable access to government services with facial recognition
$ 419.9 million to the “ modernising business registers ” program which would help companies move online by allowing electronically signed documents and virtual shareholder voting
$ 29.2 million to accelerate the rollout of 5G
$ 22.2 million to expand a digital advisory service for small businesses ( however the target is to help 10,000 small businesses , and there are 2 million such businesses in Australia ) .
$ 3.6 million towards mandating the adoption of electronic invoicing for all federal government agencies
$ 2.5 million to connect workers and small and medium sized businesses to digital skills training .
The plan follows the recent $ 4.5 billion NBN upgrade announcements .
Facial recognition , the Digital Identity program and you
Among the more controversial aspects of the plan is the $ 256.6 million proposal to expand the Commonwealth Digital Identity program , in a bid to supposedly simplify and reduce costs of interacting with government .
This would be done by creating a biometric identification system using facial recognition software .
And the scheme will include identification for myGov and the Australian Tax Office ’s myGovID .
Many technical and policy issues relating to digital identity have already dogged the federal government this year .
For instance , accounting firm Deloitte was awarded a $ 9.5 million contract in March to develop a platform to eventually replace the current myGov portal .
According to reports , this contract ’s value increased to $ 28 million this month .
A threefold increase in budget in six months suggests the proposed funding of $ 256.6 million may not be enough .
Also , cybersecurity researchers have identified a relatively simple phishing method by which the ATO ’s myGovID login system can be compromised .
Researchers from the the Australian National University and Melbourne University approached the ATO with a description of the issue .
Reports claim the office has yet to address the flaw .
We need joined - up policies that complement each other
Last week , the ATO issued a tender for a digital “ liveness solution ” .
This will use facial recognition software to prove people accessing the ATO ’s online services are physically present at their devices .
It ’s not clear whether the ATO intends to continue with its own identity solutions , or if it will partake in the government ’s initiative to expand the Commonwealth Digital Identity program .
It ’s odd to see a whole - of - government approach to digital identity announced three days after the ATO publicised its own aforementioned tender .
The rate of Australia ’s current digital transition requires joined - up policies which complement , rather than clash with , each other .
It ’s true stimulating business capacity in the digital economy will likely help small businesses adapt to the “ new normal ” brought on by COVID - 19 .
But with this comes the challenge of understanding what this “ new normal ” will be .
New funds allocated under the JobMaker Digital Business Plan suggest this challenge may not be met by government , after all .
Rob Nicholls , Associate professor in Business Law .
Director of the UNSW Business School Cybersecurity and Data Governance Research Network , UNSW
This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license .
Read the original article .
Warner Bros. Animation is teaming with the Japanese animation house behind Batman : Gotham Knights and The Animatrix to dust off ol ' Lion - O and his refugee clan from Thundera for a new Cartoon Network series .
This new Thundercats will have a decidedly anime flair , given that it 's being coproduced by Japan 's Studio4 ºC , the animation house behind Halo Legends and the Oscar - nominated feature , Tekkonkinkreet .
Here 's the official press release :
Warner Bros. Animation ( WBA ) has begun production on ThunderCats , an all - new animated series for Cartoon Network , based upon the iconic 1980s action classic .
ThunderCats is the newest series from WBA , joining Batman : The Brave and the Bold , which was recently renewed for a third season , and the following forthcoming programs : The Looney Tunes Show , MAD , Scooby - Doo ! Mystery Incorporated and Young Justice .
The announcement was made today by Sam Register , Executive Vice President , Creative Affairs , Warner Bros. Animation .
" In addition to being Warner Bros .
Animation 's first anime series , ThunderCats marks our most ambitious foray yet into fantasy , " said Register .
" The realism and dynamic visual style we 've achieved are sure to thrill viewers , and the cool weapons , vehicles and technology should help the show appeal to a diverse audience . "
The 21st century reimagining of the series marks a creative collaboration between WBA and Studio4°C , one of the most vibrant animation studios in Japan , with credits including The Animatrix , Gotham Knights and Halo Legends .
WBA is working closely with Studio4°C , utilizing the latter 's expertise to give the ThunderCats characters a new cutting - edge look while remaining true to the compelling storylines and mythology of the original series .
" We at Studio4°C are excited to be in this creative partnership with Warner Bros .
Animation to bring ThunderCats to life , " said Eiko Tanaka , President and CEO , Studio4°C .
" This collaboration combines the strengths of our two companies — high production values and great storytelling — toward reintroducing this classic fan - favorite to a new audience . "
Roaring to life through WBA and Studio4°C 's use of the Japanese animated artistry of anime , ThunderCats characters Lion - O , Mumm - Ra , Panthro , Cheetara and others will spring off the screen with realistic cat - like characteristics inconceivable in previous incarnations .
The new ThunderCats will appeal to viewers who have loved the characters all their lives as well as young newcomers to the franchise .
A sweeping tale combining swords and science and boasting ferocious battles with the highest of stakes , the grand origin story of Prince Lion - O's ascension to the throne – and of those who would thwart his destiny at any cost — takes on epic dimensions in this sharp new telling .
As the forces of good and evil battle each other in the quest for the fabled Stones of Power , Lion - O and his champions learn valuable lessons of loyalty , honor and mortality in every episode .
ThunderCats is executive produced by Sam Register ( Teen Titans , Ben 10 , Batman : The Brave and the Bold ) .
Michael Jelenic ( Batman : The Brave and the Bold , Wonder Woman ) and Ethan Spaulding ( Avatar : The Last Airbender ) are the producers .
I ’ve been neglecting the pervs a lot lately , so I decided to redeem myself this week .
Â
Feast your eyes on 30 + asses that are guaranteed to tighten your shorts .
Â PS – Tramp Stamp Tuesday was fairly fap worthy if this does n’t do the trick .
Japanese construction firm Shimizu Corporation has developed a series of bold architectural plans for the world of tomorrow .
Here is a preview of seven mega- projects that have the potential to reshape life on ( and off ) Earth in the coming decades .
* * * * *
- Luna Ring
In response to the ever - growing demand for energy , Shimizu has developed plans for the Luna Ring , a project that seeks to transform the Moon into a massive solar power plant .
Luna Ring 's 11,000 - kilometer ( 6,800 - mile ) " solar belt " spans the Moon 's equator
Electricity collected by the Luna Ring 's enormous " solar belt " is relayed to power conversion facilities located on the near side of the Moon .
There , the electricity is converted into powerful microwaves and lasers , which are beamed at Earth .
Terrestrial power stations receive the energy beams and convert them back to electricity .
Luna Ring feeds power to energy - hungry Earth
The solar power plant is built mainly using lunar resources .
Moon rocks and dust are used to manufacture building materials such as cement , bricks and glass fibers .
Water is produced through a chemical process involving lunar soil and hydrogen .
Large machinery and equipment from Earth is assembled in space and landed on the lunar surface for installation .
Much of the construction is performed by robots controlled by people on Earth , and a team of human astronauts is stationed on the Moon to supervise the robot operations .
[ More ]
* * * * *
- Green Float
Shimizu's Green Float project seeks to build " botanical " cities that float like giant lily pads in the equatorial Pacific , where sunlight is plentiful and the impact of typhoons is minimal .
Lily pad - like cities at sea
Each floating island features a 1,000 - meter ( 3,300 - ft ) central tower .
The lower section of the tower serves as an industrial area with offices and factories employing 10,000 workers , while the upper section functions as a residential area for 30,000 people .
Another 10,000 residents live at ground level , in low - rise townhouses near the beach .
Green Float islands are 3 kilometers ( 1.9 mi ) in diameter and support a population of 40,000
The typical Green Float island landscape consists of forests , grasslands , waterways and reservoirs .
A portion of the land is set aside for agriculture and some of the shallow beaches are used for cultivating seafood , making the islands 100 % food self - sufficient .
The eco-friendly Green Float cities rely on a variety of natural energy sources , including wave , wind and solar power , as well as ocean thermal energy conversion .
Green Float islands join to form a floating metropolis
Green Float islands are built upon a floating base of connected hexagonal tubes that each weigh 7,000 tons and measure 20 meters ( 65 ft ) across and 50 meters ( 165 ft ) deep .
The primary structural material for the honeycomb - like base , as well as for the island 's buildings , is magnesium alloy .
Seawater -- which is composed of 0.13 % magnesium by weight -- is an abundant source of magnesium .
One ton of the material can be extracted from 770 tons of seawater .
[ More ]
* * * * *
- Mega -City Pyramid
Shimizu 's proposed Mega - City Pyramid is a self - contained city for one million people .
The Mega - City Pyramid stands 2,000 meters ( 1.25 miles ) high
The pyramid - shaped hyperstructure is an assembly of skyscrapers suspended within a skeleton of 350 - meter ( 1,150 - ft ) long shafts made from lightweight materials ( such as carbon and glass fibers ) .
Residential buildings ( left ) and office complexes ( right ) inside Mega - City Pyramid
The skyscrapers within the Mega - City Pyramid are home to residences , offices , research institutions , shopping and entertainment centers , and other facilities .
The connecting shafts , which measure from 10 to 16 meters ( 30 to 50 ft ) in diameter , contain the city 's plumbing , electrical and communication systems , as well as a network of trains , escalators and moving walkways .
+ Video
The proposed hyperstructure has a footprint of approximately 8 square kilometers ( 3 sq mi ) , and it features an open - air construction that allows sunlight to reach the interior .
A network of optical fibers transports sunlight into poorly - lit areas .
Construction of the massive Mega - City Pyramid is facilitated by robots and automated assembly systems , as well as by the use of standardized parts and materials .
[ More ]
* * * * *
- Space Hotel
To capitalize on the coming boom in space tourism , Shimizu has developed plans for a space hotel in low - Earth orbit .
Shimizu Space Hotel , located 450 kilometers ( 280 mi ) above Earth
The hotel -- which is powered entirely by solar energy -- features a microgravity recreational area where guests can enjoy sports , dining , and gazing at the Earth and stars .
The 64 guest rooms and 40 staff rooms are situated in a ring measuring 140 meters ( 460 ft ) in diameter .
The ring rotates at a speed of 3 rpm to produce an artificial gravity of 0.7 g in the rooms .
A 240 - meter ( 790 - ft ) elevator shaft connects the hotel facilities with the docking port . [ More ]
* * * * *
- Lunar Bases
For the more adventurous offworld traveler , Shimizu has developed plans for lunar bases .
Lunar bases are the key to establishing a long - term human presence on the Moon
Shimizu 's proposed bases feature a modular design of interlocking hexagonal units that can be arranged both horizontally and vertically .
The modules are built using concrete made from lunar soil and rock .
Tele - operated robots and automated assembly systems are used to construct the bases .
[ More ]
* * * * *
- Urban Geo-Grid Plan
Back on Earth , Shimizu 's Urban Geo-Grid Plan seeks to reduce urban congestion and improve the overall efficiency of Tokyo by placing a variety of city functions underground .
Urban Geo-Grid Plan puts much of Tokyo underground
The plan -- which covers an area extending from central Tokyo to the Boso Peninsula on the opposite side of Tokyo Bay -- consists of a vast underground network of so - called " grid points " and " grid stations . "
Grid points incorporate community facilities such as grocery stores , exhibition halls and public bathhouses , while the larger - scale grid stations incorporate office buildings , hotels , shopping centers , and train stations .
An extensive underground transportation network connects the grid points and stations .
Moving all these facilities underground frees up an enormous amount of street - level space that can be set aside for parks .
[ More ]
* * * * *
- Desert Aqua -Net Plan
The Desert Aqua - Net Plan seeks to make the desert habitable by constructing a network of lakes and waterways .
Desert Aqua -Net Plan brings water to the desert
The plan involves creating artificial lakes in low - lying desert areas .
Islands are constructed in the middle of the lakes , which are filled with seawater channeled inland through canals .
The canals connect the lakes to form an extensive water network .
Located 150 kilometers ( 95 mi ) apart , the artificial lakes measure 30 kilometers ( 20 mi ) in diameter and 20 to 30 meters ( 65 - 100 ft ) deep .
The canals running between the lakes measure 50 meters ( 165 ft ) wide and 10 meters ( 35 ft ) deep
The lakes reduce temperatures and increase humidity in the surrounding areas , creating a comfortable and mild environment .
Seafood and biomass resources ( such as algae and seaweed ) can be cultivated in the saltwater lakes , and the canals can be used to transport people and goods between the cities built on the artificial islands .
[ More ]
A research scientist in a Seattle cancer laboratory has discovered the secret to reanimating organisms that had been frozen to a temperature below survivable limits .
Advertisement
Dr. Mark Roth was inspired by cases of individuals who survived prolonged exposure to the bitter cold with few adverse affects — like Canadian toddler Erica Nordby , who wandered from her house in the winter of and whose heart stopped beating for two hours before she was rescued , warmed , and came miraculously back to life ; and Mitsutaka Uchikoshi , who fell asleep on a snowy mountainside in 2006 and was found 23 days later with a core body temperature of just 71 °F .
He too was successfully reanimated having suffered no appreciable ill effects .
Experimenting on yeasts and worms , Roth and his team found that if his specimens were deprived of oxygen before freezing , they 'd enter a state of suspended animation from which they can be reliably revived .
" We wondered if what was happening with the organisms in my laboratory was also happening in people like the toddler and the Japanese mountain climber , " says Roth .
" Before they got cold did they somehow manage to decrease their oxygen consumption ?
Is that what protected them ?
Our work in nematodes and yeast suggests that this may be the case , and it may bring us a step closer to understanding what happens to people who appear to freeze to death but can be reanimated . "
The idea here is not so much to place people into deep freeze in order to endure lengthy interstellar voyages , a staple idea in science fiction but unlikely in the near future ....
Rather , Roth and his colleagues think that their work might lead to techniques that would let paramedics or doctors " buy time " for severely injured or ill patients by putting them into suspended states like those achieved by Nordby and Uchikoshi .
Then , once the underlying problem had been fixed , they could be reanimated .
( Via The Register )
In this post I am going to reveal some very practical Affiliate Marketing strategies that will help you to pick profitable keywords to target for SEO purposes .
There are many things that I do to make sure that I select great keywords for search engine optimization , such as the competition level and the search volume , however one other important thing to do is check the viability of akeyword .
By this I mean , is the keywords likely to make money , and is it in an active niche where money is being spent .
Recently I did a post on Google trends , so if you have n’t read that then here is the link : Best Selling Affiliate Products .
One easy way to check this is to use the free Google Search Based Keyword Tool .
All you need to do is type in your intended keyword phrase and check out how much money per click Google suggests you would need to spend on PPC Advertising for it .
If you see that at least 50 cents a click is the going rate , then this is a good indication .
Below is a screen shot for you :
In the image above I have entered the keyword phrase “ affiliate marketing ” for example purposes .
You can see where I have circled in blue that the price for this keyword is $ 3.77 .
This tells me that people are willing to spend money on this keyword , which is a strong indication to me that it is a viable option for me to go after for SEO .
Considering that SEO takes much longer than PPC marketing , it is important to select the right keywords from the start , otherwise you may regret it later .
The last thing you want to do is spend weeks and months building links to a page so you can rank it for a particular keyword , only to find out later , when you are getting traffic from that phrase , that there is not much money in it .
This is one , of many simple but effective affiliate marketing strategies that you can implement for free , to help ensure you are building your sites on profitable keywords .
I ca n’t stress enough how important it is to make sure you take the time to select the right keywords for any site you are planning out .
All the best
Matt Carter
But something here seemed off .
The clichés .
The rip - offs .
The triteness of a Campbell ’s Soup can crossed with a spray - paint can .
All the Warhol references .
The name “ Mr. Brainwash . ”
And most of all : Ringing endorsements for the show from the two most famous street artists in the world , Fairey and Banksy .
In the summer of 2008 , I saw an article in the LA Weekly about a massive street art show mounting in L.A. named Life is Beautiful .
On the outset the show seemed ambitiously cool .
The 125,000 - square - foot show was being staged in CBS ’ abandoned Columbia Square Studios , a massive modern office complex where I Love Lucy was filmed .
The artist , Mr. Brainwash or MBW , was an up - and - comer who had already plastered the city in his likeness , as a guy holding a video camera .
And the timing for such a spectacle could not have been more perfect : Artists like Shepard Fairey had illegal works dotting same blocks as their gallery - installed shows , and we were all still talking about the dusty downtown warehouse vandalized by Brit street art phenomenon Bansky two years ago .
Ostensibly , Mr. Brainwash , whose real name is Thierry Guetta , was a French - born ex-pat living in L.A. who had been attempting to make a documentary about street art when he came in contact with Banksy .
The outrageous plot of the film is that Banksy was so horrified by Guetta ’s would - be movie–there ’s even an over - edited , bad “ first cut ” of the movie shown–and so fascinated with Guetta , that he turned the cameras on him , only to be completely blindsided when Guetta ripped off his style .
That ’s what the movie says .
But what really happened is that when Banksy did encounter the filmmaker , he convinced Guetta to pose as a budding graffiti artist wannabe so he and Fairey could “ direct ” him in real life –manufacturing a brand new persona that both celebrates and criticizes the over - commercialization of street art .
Guetta is the biggest give - away here .
His klutzy , bumbling character ( above ) is blissfully over - the - top and clearly in on the ruse .
His biography even has holes : Guetta is an orphan ( when his mother died he was sent to a foster home , he says ) with a family of at least four who lives in Los Angeles , yet he has no discernible income other than owning a vintage clothing store , which supposedly finances a decade ’s worth of trips to film street artists all over the world–as well as provides tens of thousands of dollars of capital for his own show .
After Guetta decides he wants to become an artist , we follow him as he stumbles all over L.A. , spilling paint , clumsily wheatpasting his own art , and –for good dramatic measure –he even puts his likeness right over an Obey image by Fairey .
Touché .
( Guetta himself has not made any press appearances connected with the film , but a recent Mr. Brainwash show Icons opened in New York in February , and new works feature pieces of –ready for it ?
–broken records . )
Which leads me to the other problem .
Besides watching him operate a can of spray paint , we never see Guetta actually create any art .
His signature image , the guy with a camera , he says was drawn by an illustrator–and it looks like Banksy trying not to look like Banksy .
At one point one of the army of graphic designers he hired through Craigslist holds up The Art Book tagged with Post - its showing what famous artworks they were instructed to rip off .
He admits he also used help from Banksy ’s and Fairey ’s own factory - like teams .
The show itself was produced by Daniel Salin ( who produced Banksy ’s Barely Legal show ) and Roger Gastman , a co-founder of Fairey ’s magazine Swindle .
( Some conspiracy theorists say that Guetta is Banksy , but that sounds ridiculous . )
Then there ’s the film plot ’s central concept : Banksy and Fairey both say they were so grateful to Guetta for documenting their highly illegal , middle - of - the - night work as street artists that they bended over backwards to help with his art career .
But neither artist has ever had a problem attracting would - be documentarians .
Quite the contrary .
New work by Banksy that was put up in L.A. this week attracted camera - happy fans within hours .
And there ’s plenty of footage ( even in the movie ) of Banksy ’s own people documenting him working on walls in the West Bank , before he ever met Guetta .
Hours after the Israeli government announced that it was intending to issue a new “ banned goods ” list for the Gaza Strip , focused on placating international demands to allow more food and humanitarian goods into the tiny enclave , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivered a pledge that the move would actually “ tighten ” the blockade .
“ Our friends around the world are getting behind our decision and giving international legitimacy to the security blockade on Hamas , ” Netanyahu insisted , adding again that “ dual use ” goods would continue to be barred from Gaza .
Israel ’s military has claimed broad swathes of goods to be “ dual use ” in the past , including imposing a three year ban on shoes under the claim that shoes could theoretically be made the part of a military uniform , and therefore had a military use .
Officials say that banned luxury goods like pasta and cordiander will be allowed into the Gaza Strip under the new list , but so far the government has been mum on the most needed item , cement .
Israel has barred all cement from the strip as a “ dual use ” good as well , leaving the homes in the region in ruins since the January 2009 invasion despite massive pledges of foreign aid .
It seems the changes in the blockade may end up being superficial , and done purely for to score points internationally .
German President Horst Koehler has said he will step down , citing his controversial comments about Afghanistan .
" I am resigning my post as federal president with immediate effect , " he said at a press conference in Berlin .
" It was an honor for me to serve Germany as president . "
Koehler came under fire recently for saying that a country like Germany , which was heavily reliant on foreign trade must know that military interventions were needed to uphold German interests .
" I regret that my comments could lead to a misunderstanding about an important and difficult question for our nation , " he told reporters .
It is the first time in the history of the Federal Republic of Germany that an incumbent President has resigned .
Koehler said he had informed Chancellor Angela Merkel and Vice Chancellor Guido Westerwelle of his decision .
" I thank the many people in Germany who have put their trust in me and supported my work .
I ask for you to understand my decision , " Koehler said .
The president of the upper house of parliament , Jens Boehrnsen , will temporarily take over his duties .
More to follow ...
jen/afp/AP/Reuters/dpa
Editor : Rob Turner
Two Indian boys aged five and seven reportedly hacked to death a wanted criminal after recognizing him from police reports , the Times of India reported Monday .
The young brothers marched into a police station in Uttar Pradesh , northern India , in blood - drenched clothes before declaring : " Humne Mahendra ko maar dala ( We have killed Mahendra ) . ”
Stunned lawmen drove the boys to a nearby orchard where the pair led them to the fugitive 's butchered corpse .
Officers spoke with the boys ' father , who confirmed that the pair had killed the career criminal , who was being hunted by police over unspecified offenses .
It 's believed the two boys had been helping their father , who worked as a security guard at a farm , when they came across the crook and recognized him .
Local villagers confirmed that the two boys had carried out the killing themselves , the Times added .
Detroit : The Return of the Repressed ( Bicycling Culture )
Detroit ’s once bustling streets are a bicyclist ’s paradise now , wide open and empty .
Visiting the ghostly motor city these days is an eye - opening and surprisingly inspiring experience .
The city has fallen from more than 2 million residents a generation ago to around 800,000 today .
A great deal of the land area where homes and factories once filled the blocks are now expansive vacant lots , masquerading as greenways in this wet June , filled with grasses and wildflowers .
Some of these vacant lots have been converted into urban farms , but the larger majority is simply empty , reverting to some version of nature .
Wild pheasants skitter across the vacant lots while songbirds , from bright red cardinals to brilliant yellow finches , fill the trees and bushes with their cheerful sounds .
Wild pheasant runs across empty lot in east Detroit .
Detroit , like everywhere in the U.S. , was a big bicycling town during the 1890s .
Lost to most of our memories now is the relationship between that bicycling boom in the late 19th century and the automobile industry that came to dominate personal transportation and 20th century industrial life .
In 1894 more than 250,000 bicycles were manufactured in the United States ; 400,000 in 1895 .
In 1899 , 312 bicycle factories , with capital worth $ 30 million and a production of 1.1 million machines , worked to satisfy enthusiasts .
The bikes cost $ 100 plain and $ 125 fancy , a not inconsiderable sum of money at the time .
But within 10 years the bicycling fade began to fade , replaced by newfangled motorized contraptions .
Many auto manufacturers got their start as bicycle makers , notably Dodge , whose namesake brothers produced bicycles until 1901 when they opened a machine shop in Detroit to make stove parts , and later auto parts .
In 1910 they established The Dodge Brothers plant in Hamtramck , where they made engines and other parts for Ford and Olds .
In 1913 they began making cars and by their deaths in 1920 their company was one of the largest in the industry .
Henry Ford with a bicycle in the early 1890s .
Henry
Ford got his start making bicycles too , and when he came out with the quadricycle he set off a craze in Detroit .
It was n’t until 1902 that he got his first motorized vehicle going but it was so fast that he was afraid to drive it himself .
LisaRuth cruising through the empty fields of eastern Detroit .
In Detroit for the US Social Forum ( I ’ll have a report posted shortly at my blog ) we spent some happy hours bicycling around the wide open city .
An early stop was The Hub , Detroit ’s most vibrant community bike shop , where one of the guys got excited by our questions and immediately pulled out their only copy of an old 1896 bicycling map of Detroit .
Ogling the 1896 map .
The full 1896 map of bike ways in Detroit , color coded .
The conditions for bicycling by color code .
Close - up on Downtown area of Detroit .
After three days at the Social Forum , more and more bicycles piled up on every lockable fence and pole in front of the big downtown convention center Cobo Hall ( I ’m sure it had never experienced so many convention goers arriving by bike ) , we helped our hosts promote Critical Mass on Friday night .
Bikes locked all over the front of Cobo Hall convention center in Detroit .
So , we have Microsoft slowly but surely trying to be a better citizen in the computing world – with the emphasis on trying .
After years of dragging their feet , the company is finally implementing web standards in Internet Explorer , there ’s a boatload of interoperability information now , that sort of stuff .
And then , just when you think they ’re starting to get it – they go behind our backs to do something incredibly insipid .
It ’s small , you ’ll barely notice it , but dear lord , it ’s really , really annoying .
In Windows 7 , Microsoft introduced an incredibly handy pop-up dialog that allows you to easily manage multiple display output .
Pressing win+p allows you to use the dialog to cycle through the different output options ( clone , extend , second only , first only ) .
This eliminates the need for vendor - specific tools to achieve the same goal .
Great little feature .
A lot of laptops have a key to switch between displays – it more or less achieves the same goal via the keyboard controller , WMI , or ACPI .
In Linux , these events are all turned into a KEY_SWITCHVIDEOMODE which makes it easy to create standardised behaviour .
The clever cookies among you probably know by now what Microsoft is doing .
Microsoft is recommending this :
So , the end result is bug reports like this one .
Laptop vendors are following Microsoft ’s recommendation , and new laptops now map the display switch key to win+p .
Older laptops sometimes receive a firmware update to achieve the same goal .
This means that users who used to be able to switch display outputs in Linux by pressing the display switch key are now confronted with a “ p ” being registered .
“ So , if your display switch button now just makes the letter ‘ P ’ appear , say thanks to Microsoft , ” Matthew Garrett writes on his blog , “ There ’s a range of ways we can fix this , although none of them are straightforward and those of you who currently use left - Windows - p as a keyboard shortcut are going to be sad .
I would say that I feel your pain , but my current plan is to spend the immediate future getting drunk enough that I stop caring . ”
It are little things like this that make Microsoft so incredibly hateable .
This is Microsoft still assuming , after al these years and all these antitrust cases , that they are alone in this world .
They still cannot imagine someone would be running anything other than Windows on their machines .
It ’s a tiny little thing , but it ’s so illustrative .
Microsoft , you suck .
This is just effing bizarre .
After the jump , Shep Smith talks to the victim in the obscenity case against Greene .
Firstly , a significant number of voters in the Netherlands must have misled the pollsters .
The polls suggested Geert Wilders ' influence was on the wane .
It is not uncommon for people not to admit to voting for a controversial party .
Mr Wilders wants to ban face veils , shut down Islamic schools and to ban the building of mosques
Secondly , the question now is whether an anti-Islam party will join a coalition government .
The Netherlands may be in for months of haggling and instability .
The pro-business Liberal party , which gained the most seats , will be very reluctant to ask Mr Wilders party to join them .
Internationally , there would be hostility to Mr Wilders being in government .
However , Geert Wilders and his Freedom Party can no longer be ignored .
" We are very much here to govern , " he said today .
He now has a mandate from 1.5 million voters .
His party came third with 24 seats .
He saw his vote doubled .
What the vote underlines again is that parts of Europe are anxious about their identity .
They believe that immigration has been too swift and , in particular , they resent new arrivals who do not integrate into society but live in separate , parallel communities .
It is the same fear that has led to a ban on minarets in Switzerland and the moves to ban full - face veils .
The expectation is that the Netherlands will be back at the polls sooner rather than later .
Coalition - building may prove all but impossible , but the country will have to find out why so many people voted for a party whose leader goes on trial in October on charges of inciting racial hatred against Muslims .
By submitting content you acknkowledge full agreement to FuckImStoned.com to 1 ) use , copy , distribute , transmit , publicly display , publicly perform , reproduce , edit , modify , translate and reformat the contribution within the framework of the website fuckimstoned.com and any of its partners , ( 2 ) to redistribute its rights in the full extent permitted by the applicable regulations .
Oil leaking from a ruptured well pipe in the Gulf of Mexico washed ashore in two new locations on Saturday , the Coast Guard said , as the latest attempt to contain the spill faltered .
Efforts to siphon leaking oil via an “ insertion tube ” up to a container vessel continued a day after US President Barack Obama blasted oil companies for seeking to shift blame for a growing oil slick threatening environmental disaster .
ADVERTISEMENT
Petty Officer Erik Swanson told AFP
Saturday that oil from a riser pipe that ruptured after the collapse of the Deepwater Horizon rig had been discovered in two new locations — Whiskey Island , Louisiana and Long Beach , Mississippi .
“ We sent crews to assess what type of oil , and we determined it ’s ‘ soft patties ’ on Whiskey Island and ‘ tarballs ’ on Long Beach , ” he said .
Tarballs are small globs of oil , while soft patties are roughly six inches in diameter and more than a centimeter thick , he said .
The appearance of oil in new locations is a sign of the urgency of efforts to contain the spill , which experts warn may be growing more than ten times faster than previous Coast Guard estimates of 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons ) a day .
Scientists who analyzed the flow of oil in a video of the underwater leak fear the rate may be closer to 70,000 barrels ( 2.9 million gallons ) a day .
ADVERTISEMENT
The findings suggest the spill has already eclipsed the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill , which was the worst environmental disaster in US history .
BP disputes the figures , with Robert Dudley , BP ’s executive vice president for the Americas , telling CNN that “ 70,000 barrels a day is n’t anywhere I think within the realm of possibility . ”
On Friday , a visibly angry Obama chastised British Petroleum , Transocean and Halliburton — the firms that leased , owned and worked on the rig — for seeking to shirk responsibility for the disaster .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said top company officials had created a “ ridiculous spectacle ” in testimony before Congress and warned he would “ not tolerate more finger pointing or irresponsibility . ”
BP , which leased the ill - fated Deepwater rig from Transocean , has pledged to pay for the costs of containing , capping and cleaning up the oil spill , and to compensate any “ legitimate ” claims stemming from the leak .
ADVERTISEMENT
But multiple efforts over the last three weeks to stop the leak , or even to slow the flow of oil , have failed , and the latest attempt Saturday was proving more difficult than expected .
BP crews using remote - controlled submarines struggled to place an “ insertion tube ” into the leaking riser a mile ( 1.6 kilometers ) down on the seabed .
Once inserted , the tube should be able to funnel the leaking oil up to a container vessel on the ocean surface , thought the method is untested .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We were hoping it was going to be operational last night , ” BP spokesman John Crabtree said , acknowledging that the process was proving more complicated than expected .
It was unclear why engineers had failed to connect the tube , and how long they would keep trying before turning to alternative methods .
BP has already deployed to the seabed a so - called “ top hat ” container , which is attached to a siphon tube and could be lowered over the leak to collect and then funnel away the oil .
The method has been tried once before , but low temperatures and high pressure caused the oil to form sludge that could not be funneled away , so the container has been redesigned with a heating system .
ADVERTISEMENT
Another option is the “ junk shot , ” which would involve trying to plug the leak with assorted junk , including knotted rope , plastic cubes and even golf balls .
The process could halt the flow altogether , or at least slow the spill .
The slick has the potential to devastate fragile and environmentally important coastline across a region where many are still recovering from the effects of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
“ I ’m not going to rest or be satisfied until the leak is stopped at the source , the oil in the Gulf is contained and cleaned up , and the people of the Gulf are able to go back to their lives and their livelihoods , ” Obama vowed Friday .
The president said he had ordered “ top to bottom ” reform of the Minerals Management Service , decrying the “ cozy relationship between the oil companies and the federal agency that permits them to drill . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
He also promised a review of compliance with environmental regulations after reports that MMS allowed BP and other oil firms to drill in the Gulf of Mexico without the required permits .
Smoke ’s right eye starts to swell in the fourth , and I know he ’s in trouble .
This is a pretty big fight at the Taj Mahal , against Dreaded Eddie Jefferson , a California kid with machine - gun hands , and a black kid too .
Smoke ’s a plugger , a real old - fashioned Philly fighter , a white guy with a thick neck and thicker head .
He keeps trying to get inside , but Eddie keeps stinging him with that hard left jab - plus some right leads and a few nasty left hooks .
The ref calls up the doc in the fifth .
The doc’s a little Asian guy in a cheap gray suit , and he climbs up on the apron and lifts Smoke ’s chin .
I jam a white rag in my back pocket , just so I have it ready if the fight goes on , because that ’s what a good manager does at times like this .
“ Yo , I ’m fine , ” Smoke mutters through his mouthpiece .
“ Listen to me , doc .
I ’m fucking fine . ”
The doc does n’t say a word .
He peruses the eye and then turns away from the ropes , and just before he steps down he nods yes at the ref : he can fight .
“ Fucking right , ” Smoke says , and pounds his gloves .
“ Keep your right hand up , ” I say .
“ Or he ’ll turn that eye into puppy chow . ”
The light around the ring is crisp , intense .
It has that big - fight feel for us , because this might be Smoke ’s last shot at an HBO card , but he needs one more good win .
I know Smoke ’s focused , does n’t notice the smell of beer coming up from the front rows , or the city councilman from Philly with his new redheaded girlfriend at ringside .
He might have spotted the HBO guy , and spotted his buddies from the neighborhood in Grays Ferry up in the cheap seats , and of course his old man in the fourth row , but I know he has his head in the fight .
I look over at Little Tony , our trainer , who ’s actually as big as a pasta factory , to be sure he knows I have the rag ready , and he nods yes at me .
Then I squeeze a blob of anti-bacterial on my hands and rub them together like a son of a bitch .
It keeps away the gym fungus , but sometimes I get nervous and rub it in for the hell of it .
Like now .
Besides , I ’m feeling extra edgy after giving up smoking for Lent again .
The sixth is sloppy , both fighters missing and hanging on each other , and probably the first round of the fight Smoke wins .
In the seventh Dreaded Eddie catches a second wind and is landing his jab again .
Halfway through the round , Eddie backpedals toward the corner , shifts to his right and lands a left - right combination to Smoke ’s head followed by a nasty left hook .
Smoke ’s head bobbles , and the hook catches him smack in the eye .
Now the welt under his eye looks like a plum .
I ’ve never seen anything like it .
Just as I reach for the white rag , the ref steps in and waves his arms .
When Dreaded Eddie ’s hand goes up in the middle of the ring , the sound system starts pumping some hip - hop crap , and a brawl breaks out in general admission .
White guys against black guys .
Security guards in yellow jackets swarm in and haul out two of Smoke ’s pals from Grays Ferry , plus one of the black guys they were fighting .
The black guy leaves peacefully , but it takes two security guards to wrestle each of the white guys outside .
Smoke is 31 , a former middleweight contender who will soon be on the downside , and now he ’s just been pummeled for the second straight fight .
His real name is Joey Nix , but he hates it .
He was tagged with Smokin ’ Joe Frazier ’s nickname because they were both Philly fighters with the same style and same first name , and that ’s how nicknames get handed out in this racket .
Now this is Smoke ’s fourth loss overall , all by TKO , and all at the hands of black fighters , which must make it even worse for him .
His contender status is probably gone for good now - but first , the eye .
As we walk back to the dressing room , I think about what Smoke was like as a kid .
He grew up just down the block from me - a tough little nut , the youngest of three brothers , always fighting the black kids in the playground outside St. Gabriel ’s Church .
Grays
Ferry is a tight - knit white part of South Philly , sandwiched between the Schuylkill Expressway and the black neighborhood .
After fifteen years of boxing and a few years scrapping in the street , Smoke has never been hurt so badly .
When I took him to the gym at age 16 , I knew he ’d fight like a warrior , and I also figured fighting would do some good for him - keep him off the street , maybe make him a better person somehow .
Now I have two more kids from the neighborhood starting out , both kind of like Smoke .
All these kids are like my sons , because I ’m 61 years old , a retired cop , and I do n’t have a family .
My wife and I divorced 20 years ago and never had children , so boxing seemed like a good second career when I left the Police Department .
At the dressing - room mirror , Smoke drops his green robe on the back of the chair and looks the eye over best he can .
The mirror has fat lightbulbs to help the big stars with their makeup , but it does n’t help Smoke .
His right eye is swollen shut , and with his good left eye he squints at the bad eye like someone searching for a needle in the dark .
I dig an ice pack out of my bag and say , “ Here , put this on while we wait .
It looks really bad . ”
“ Get away , ” Smoke says , pushing me with a straight right .
“ Besides , you got dog breath . ”
“ Yo , do n’t get pissed at me , ” I say , and swat away his right .
“ Get me a cigarette , ” Smoke says .
“ No , the doc’ll be here any second .
Here , take this damn ice pack . ”
Smoke looks over at Little Tony , who just sat down on a little stool in the corner , as if he ’ll find the cigarette , but I wave Tony off .
“ No cigarettes , ” I say .
“ Hell , where ’s my old man ? ”
Smoke asks , and finally he takes the ice pack .
“ Do n’t know .
Big crowd out there . ”
“ You know what I ’ve been wondering , ” Little Tony says .
“ How many times you think Don Rickles has looked into that very same mirror ? ”
“ Does it matter ? ” Smoke says .
“ Can we stay focused here ? ” I say .
“ We just lost a big fight , and we got a bad eye to deal with .
Huh ?
Jesus Christ , I do n’t know why I gave up smoking again . ”
Little
Tony slumps on his stool , while Smoke finishes inspecting the eye and leans back in his white leather chair .
Smoke rubs his forehead like he has a migraine , and then he slaps the ice pack over his eye .
The look on his face tells me he ’s suddenly relieved the fight was stopped .
The doc comes into the locker room , pulls a scope from his suit pocket and studies the eye , more carefully now than in the fifth .
“ We should get him to hospital , ” the doc says .
“ Can you walk to ambulance ? ”
“ Fuck , ” Smoke says .
“ Can you walk to ambulance ? ”
Smoke gives a little nod , and the look on his face makes it seem like it ’s all the doc ’s fault .
Then he turns to me and says , “ Call my old man .
Tell him where we ’re going . ”
“ AtlantiCare Regional , ” the doc says .
I flip my phone open and dial .
The old man does n’t hear well , so I have to call Smoke ’s brother .
The old man , who was a sheet - metal worker at the Philly Navy Yard , lost most of his hearing in an explosion at the shops - almost twenty years ago , just before the feds shut down the Navy Yard and the city turned it into an office park .
So I have the cell number for Smoke ’s oldest brother , the one with a square head like Smoke .
He ’s the responsible brother , still holds down a job driving a trash truck .
“ No answer .
I left a message . ”
“ We got him good seats .
I ca n’t believe he ’s not in here yet . ”
“ Do n’t be surprised if they went to the casino , ” I say .
“ After all , he ’s with your brothers . ”
“ With my eye like this ? ” Smoke snaps .
“ I ’m just saying . ”
Smoke huffs , stands up , bends forward , and looks the eye over in the mirror once more .
“ Let ’s go , ” I say .
“ Time is valuable ”
I drape his green robe over his shoulders and we head to the ambulance , which I know is waiting outside .
I always know where the ambulance is - it ’s something else a good manager does .
Little Tony stays back to gather Smoke ’s gear .
As we walk to the ambulance , I drape my arm over Smoke ’s shoulder , and the doc is maybe five paces behind us .
Smoke has the ice pack pressed to his eye .
As we turn the first corner , Smoke misjudges it and bangs his shoulder on it .
“ Damn . Fuck .
Damn . ”
He recoils , glares at the corner like it just insulted his mother , and then turns to me .
“ I thought you were helping me here . ”
“ I ’m trying , ” I say .
“ You ’re all right .
Let ’s keep moving . ”
When we get to the double doors I step ahead of Smoke and throw them open , and he follows me into the bright , black Atlantic City night .
“ I think you ’re right , ” Smoke says .
He pulls the ice pack off his bloated , purple eye and shades the eye from the neon glare of Virginia Avenue .
“ I think this is bad . ”
The ambulance is parked about fifteen yards to our left , and I steer Smoke that way as a medic swings the back doors open .
I climb in first , offer Smoke a hand , and he follows .
The doc huddles for a moment with the driver , then waves at the ambulance .
It ’s a weird , friendly wave , as if he ’s sending off a friend at the train station .
My cell phone rings - Smoke ’s oldest brother returning my call .
“ Where are you ? ” I ask .
“ Right in front of the casino , ” he tells me .
“ An usher pointed us the wrong way . ”
“ Is your old man with you ? ”
“ Yeah .
Where ’s Smoke ? ”
“ We ’re in the ambulance , ” I say .
“ It looks bad .
We ’re going to AtlantiCare Regional .
Get directions from a security guard or something . ”
“ Got it . ”
“ And yo , ” I say .
“ Get there quick .
No Black Jack .
And tell that to that other blockhead you ’re with . ”
“ Already did , ” he says .
“ And he ai n’t happy about it . ”
“ Tough shit . ”
I flip my phone closed and say to Smoke , “ They ’ll be there . ”
He gives a little nod .
He ’s lying back on the starchy white gurney , and he looks spacey .
I squeeze another blob of anti-bacterial on my hands and start rubbing .
The ambulance doors close , and then one door pops open .
The driver turns and yells , “ You ’ll have to slam ‘ em ! ”
And the doors close again with a bang .
Smoke looks up at me , confused .
“ Did I just say something ? ” he asks .
“ What are you talking about ? ”
“ Sometimes I mean to say something out loud , and then I wonder if I only thought it .
Know what I mean ? ”
“ No .
You ’re not making any sense .
Just try to relax . ”
Then he whispers something .
It sounds like he says , “ Please , please , save my eye . ”
But I ca n’t be sure , and I do n’t feel like asking , because he might not want to admit talking to himself like that .
One of the medics climbs into the back with us , and the ambulance takes off .
The medic puts a fresh ice pack over the eye while the ambulance soars past the pawn shops and dinky motels on Pacific Avenue .
None of us says anything for a minute .
Then Smoke looks up at me again .
“ Ever seen those blind guys walking around Center City ? ” he asks .
“ I guess , ” I say .
“ What ’s it matter ? ”
“ You know , they have a dog leading them down the sidewalk , or they ’re stabbing around with a stick .
They always have this blank look on their face .
I always feel bad for those guys . ”
“ Do n’t get crazy , ” I say .
“ You got at least one good eye left , no matter what happens . ”
“ One good eye , huh ? ”
“ Yeah . ”
“ Well , I ’d be done fighting , for sure .
And what about driving ?
And playing Xbox ?
And who ’s to say one good eye will last ?
Look at my old man - one blast at the Navy Yard , and he ’s never been the same since . ”
The medic , a chubby guy with a nicely trimmed goatee , pipes up .
“ They have great doctors here .
They ’ll take great care of you . ”
“ I ’ll never forget that day , ” Smoke says .
He ’s looking straight up , like he ’s talking to the air .
“ I get home from school , and Mom ’s next door on McPhearson ’s stoop , begging for a ride to the hospital .
We spent half the night at Methodist , and Mom ’s holding her rosary beads the whole time , praying and praying .
Finally the doctor comes out and says something to her , and she starts crying like a baby . ”
“ Try to relax , ” I say .
“ My old man has never been the same since , ” Smoke says , still talking to the air .
“ Too damn stubborn to learn sign language , and his hearing aids do n’t do shit .
Does n’t work .
Been on disability .
Just not the same . ”
And then he turns his head away from us , like he wants to be alone or something .
He does n’t say anything else for the rest of the ride .
The ambulance swings around a corner and comes to a sudden stop in front of the Emergency Room .
The back doors swing open , and Smoke sits up , his back stiff as a board .
He has this look on his face , like he just found a million bucks in the back of a cab .
“ I found God , ” he says .
“ That ’s good , ” I say .
“ A prayer or two ca n’t hurt . ”
The medics haul the stretcher out and wheel it toward the emergency room , and I climb out and have to hustle to keep up .
“ No , you do n’t get it , ” Smoke says , straining his neck to look back at me .
“ I really , really found God . I ’ve been born again . ”
I look at the medics and say , “ I think he ’s dehydrated . ”
“ No , man , you do n’t get it , ” Smoke says .
I ’ve heard of this sort of thing before .
A pug gets the crap beat out of him and all of a sudden he decides he ’s born again .
Bingo - just like that .
I know Smoke always believed in God , believed everything he heard from the nuns and priests at St. Gabe ’s , but he never really took it to heart .
He knelt before every fight and prayed , but what else is a Catholic kid from South Philly going to do before a fight ?
“ Hallelujah ! ” Smoke yells as his gurney rolls into the E.R .
The waiting room is almost empty , only an old lady who looks homeless , holding a bandage on her forehead , and a skinny Puerto Rican guy who just looks spaced out .
The medics wheel Smoke straight back into E.R. and I take a seat , as far away from the other two as possible .
It ’s not long before the E.R. doctor comes out and tells me they ’re going to call in a specialist to operate , and then Smoke ’s old man and brothers show up .
The doc says we can all go back and see him while they wait for the specialist .
The middle brother , the one without a job , who probably sells drugs , though I can’t prove it , says he ’s going outside for a cigarette .
It ’s like a maze back to this tiny room in the E.R. , where Smoke is laid back on a gurney in a flowered hospital gown .
A male nurse is gently shaving his eyebrows , and Smoke winces once and then sees us .
“ Nice gown , ” the brother says .
“ Knock it off , ” I say , but Smoke ’s ignoring him .
“ Do n’t worry about my eye , Dad , ” Smoke says .
“ There ’s nothing to worry about .
I found God . I made a deal . ”
“ What ? ”
“ I found God !
I made a deal .
He ’s going to save my eye , and I ’m going to be a warrior for Him now . ”
The old man turns to Smoke ’s older brother and asks , “ What ’d he say ? ”
The brother looks the old man square in the eye and exaggerates his lip movements as he says , “ He says he found God , or something .
Born again , or something , I guess . ”
“ Dehydrated , ” I say .
The old man looks back at the older brother for confirmation and asks , “ Born again ? ”
“ Yeah , ” the brother says .
The old man shakes his square head in disbelief , and the brother rolls his beady little eyes .
I let out a big sigh and run my hands through my hair .
“ Holy shit , ” the old man says .
“ Wait till the nuns at St. Gabe ’s hear about this . ”
“ Yeah , really , ” the brother says .
The male nurse finishes prepping Smoke and pats his face softly with a towel , and as he gets up to leave he says the specialist should be here soon .
As we wait , crowded into this little room , the old man starts talking about the fight - he ca n’t get over Dreaded Eddie and those lightning - fast hands .
And he keeps shaking his head as he talks , like he ca n’t believe it .
The brother gets a cell phone call , flips it open , and starts talking , but says the reception is bad and heads outside .
“ We never should have taken this fight , ” the old man says , still shaking his head .
“ Dad , ” Smoke says .
“ I ’ll be all right .
I ’m telling you . ”
The specialist comes in with the male nurse in tow .
The guy does n’t knock , just pushes open the door , which bumps into Smoke ’s old man .
The specialist is a black guy , middle - aged , and big .
He looks like an old linebacker who went to med school after football , something like that .
Smoke sees the guy and his face changes .
All of a sudden .
His jaw goes stiff , and he ’s eyeballing the specialist , and I can tell he does n’t want a black guy operating on him .
Especially after what Dreaded Eddie did to him .
I know exactly how Smoke feels about blacks , and now I know there are some things that even a big dose of religion can’t fix , not with a guy like Smoke .
“ Let ’s have a look at this eye , ” the specialist says , as Smoke starts to fidget .
“ Wait a minute , ” Smoke says .
“ What ’s your name ?
Where you from ? ”
“ I ’m Dr. Gilbert .
I ’m an eye specialist , son .
I can see you have quite a welt there . ”
“ No , wait a minute , ” Smoke says .
He pushes himself up from the table and reaches one arm back to gather the back of his gown together .
“ Just sit still , ” I say .
“ The guy ’s a specialist . ”
Then I look at the specialist and say , “ He ’s dehydrated . ”
The male nurse shoves his way forward and grabs Smoke ’s shoulders .
Smoke tries to wiggle away from him at first , but when the male nurse gathers some steam and tries to push him down , Smoke ducks away from him and pops him with a right jab .
The male nurse staggers back , crashing into a table full of metal utensils .
The specialist takes a step back , and the look on his face says he does n’t want to mess with this crazy kid , but it does n’t matter .
Smoke comes after him with a big right hook , which sends the specialist careening into the wall with a big thud .
The old man and I step back quickly , and Smoke darts out of the little room .
I chase after him as a nurse pops her head out of a desk station in the hallway .
I hear the male nurse behind me yelling , “ Call security ! ”
As Smoke runs by , her head disappears behind the station .
Smoke ’s wearing nothing but that hospital gown as he bursts out the door .
A skinny young security guard comes running after him , barking into a hand - held radio , but he ’s far behind Smoke .
When I get outside , both of Smoke ’s brothers are standing there .
The older one closes his cell phone and drops his jaw as Smoke runs down the street , gown flapping around his bare ass , while the younger one flips his cigarette butt on the ground .
“ What the hell ? ” the older brother asks .
“ He can be a real shit sometimes , ” I say , catching my breath .
“ And he still does n’t know his ass from a hole in the ground . ”
“ I coulda told you that , ” the younger brother says , as he crushes the cigarette butt with the tip of his shoe .
“ So you think , ” I say , disgusted with the whole damn family .
“ Maybe you can tell me if the other two Grays Ferry kids I got coming up are big knuckleheads too , because I do n’t want to waste my goddamned time here anymore .
And while you ’re at it , maybe you can tell me why the hell I bothered giving up smoking for Lent .
How about it ? ”
He smacks the bottom of his Marlboro pack , and another cigarette pops out .
“ Do n’t know , ” he says , digging a lighter out of his pocket .
He lights the cigarette .
I wonder what ’s going to happen to Smoke out there on the streets of Atlantic City .
Probably get picked up by the cops , and with that bad eye , they ’ll probably get him to a doctor somewhere .
And then I wonder what ’s going to happen to me .
After all , I ’m 61 years old , and I do n’t know anything but police work and fighting , and I ’m too old for one and now too burned out on the other .
But with no family and very little money stashed away , I ’ll probably go back to the gym , even though it wo n’t be the same .
I wo n’t expect to change any of these kids anymore .
“ Shit , ” I say , and I feel exhausted .
“ Give me one of those cigarettes , will you ? ”
by Robert Martin on June 11 , 2010
The weekend , a wonderful time for all the insects to crawl out of the woodwork and onto the streets of Britain – loud noise and lots of excitement as an entire generation prepares to burn its meaninglessness out in aÂ brainless boozed , cumfestÂ of a culture .
Most of the weekends for my generation start off like this , speaking from common experience the story is the same everywhere in the urban west .
So basically it ’s friday night in the greatÂ multiculturalÂ utopiaÂ called BritainÂ and the weekend has just begun , tonight after a long week of boring stuff like college and workÂ we ’re going to hit the town and party till we puke .
We gather upÂ and meet our mates to chill out with a few beers down the pub before the night ahead and bicker about some socialized nonsense , who is cool and why that guy over there looks funny , constantly talking Â about other people , hipster music , how interesting our livesÂ obviously Â are .
WeÂ drink downÂ our beers and head out a few hours before midnight , laughing and mocking random underlings who are n’t as cool as us on our way .
Next stop , the club – outside a couple of ogre - like security guards stand outside the door aggressively demanding Â
ID to filter out the preteens and body searches for any weaponsÂ to preventÂ anyone getting stabbed .
Massive ques span halfway down the street filled with popularly dressed hipster whores and stereotypical clubbers all eager to feel just that tiniest sensation that they actually exist .
Lost inside and frustrated with the 9 - 5 they await the entry , where they get ready to destroy themselves to escape from the harsh , empty reality that is our mundane society .
We ’re in … slightly tipsy we enter this dark labyrinth and the ugly machinery blurts music to our ears resounding the latest ghetto hip - hop and techno thrills , albeit the fiftieth remix of a ten year old pop song with added squeaky voices for overall ‘ originality ’ .
We meet up with various other people we have never seen in our lives and present ourselves as extrovert without a care in the world , the life of the party because , well , we ’re cool right ?
Drowning in a few more beers our frontal lobes begin to bubble in toxicity , that region of the brain responsible for social awareness and behavioural restraint now defenseless – a room full of brainless zombies now appears before us .
The strobe machines mockingly flare at our faces as the smoke from the DJ stand fills the room with fake air – we ’re on fire , burning all our energy like an animal freed from its little cage , burning out to the latest tunes desperately after some attention toward ourselves that might actually hint toward our existence beyond our own subjectivity .
The decadent mechanization collapsed in upon itself , parasitizing the living with domestic noise and lasers – all fuel to psyche - up the monkey clubbers as the tough - guys come in and start throwing random fists and beating the living crap out of each other in the mosh pit .
Drunk and knowing no restraint , fights break out consistently with security throwing them off the premises .
Out into the streets , where , if the police did n’t find them , they follow any individual that comes close to their drunken social ‘ territory ’ thus provoking more outbreaks of violence for no apparent reason .
Back in the club , there many people just lay around the edges of the dance area , just being excluded in general from anyone else in the room , sitting around in a near - suicidal trance with their 3 - 5 friends inclusive groups not really doing much – so much for their idea of ‘ a good night out ’ .
These people in general lie to themselves that they actually enjoy this filth , only the so called ‘ elites ’ of the social world ; the pop tarts have a shallow enough conscience to actually manoeuvre this void of empty beings .
Driven by lust and desires , they pick a few aesthetically pleasing shag - rags and burn out their frustrations , only to run away from it in the morning as they realise their beer brains picked up something quite unlike first anticipated .
Our multiethnic domestic ‘ culture ’ is a complete failure of existence .
All this cheap tacky music filling the void of meaningless , culturally defunct masses , filling their heads in sync with averaged , popular songs containing unconscious memes about the pains of being a ghetto whore and how , no matter how hard they try , they cannot , they just cannot maintain any relationships because they throw their feelings around like they mean nothing .
Aside from those who are over 16 and are out fucking the night away , or pretending that they are , we can now look at those preteens who ar n’t old enough – so what do these guys do ?
Get pissed on the street corner , in the parks , they get lost in the bushes in the middle of the night with each other with massive bottles of cheap cider .
All smoking , shouting , swearing , pissing , puking , in their swarms of about 50 guys sitting in the pitch black with a few lighters and mobile phones glowing and blurting out hipster music .
These are , like , losersÂ dudeÂ – some actually have houses to go to , and in them they smash up the house with a hundred zombies they have never talked to in their life , like , ever !
OMG
The alcohol cabinet from the middle class parents is emptied in an hour , the bath tub is full of drunk people , and the stereo and ipods have been stolen along with beer on the carpets and on the walls with the telly now officially smashed by some chavs who have just invited themselves in to crash the ‘ party ’ .
Just a harmless night out ?
Rightttttt LOL !Â ( hipsterdom intended )
Anyways , simply put , if this fire is not stopped , it will burn itself out – possibly in the form of nuclear fallout as pissed off foreign cultures render the west useless and hostile to intelligent life .
The west is being stabbed from within through this drunken stupidity , the west is spiritually exhausted and must embrace the natural reality to kill this social - taint parasite before it kills all the remaining sense .
And as I was saying toÂ some of these guys Â -Â WHERE IS OUR CULTURE ?
our common sense , our sense of future ? Â
A will to make something better than this !
And of course , alienated , they ignored and did n’t give a shit – hardly anyone does .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Image caption Mr Hayward and his son attended the Isle of Wight boat race
BP CEO Tony Hayward has faced fresh criticism for taking time off to go sailing with his son instead of dealing with the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
The White House said the move was one of a " long line of PR gaffes and mistakes " by Mr Hayward .
Environmental groups said the Isle of Wight outing was " insulting " to those affected by the environmental disaster .
BP defended Mr Hayward , saying it was his first day off since the spill began after a deadly rig blast on 20 April .
Mr Hayward spent the day with his son at the JP Morgan Asset Management Round The Island Race , where boats race around the Isle of Wight , off the coast of southern England .
He was later spotted by photographers on his $ 270,000 ( £ 182,000 ) Farr 52 racing yacht , " Bob " , at the event .
' PR gaffe '
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel said the boating incident has " just been part of a long line of PR gaffes and mistakes " .
" To quote Tony Hayward , he 's got his life back , " added Mr Emanuel , referring to an earlier comment by Mr Hayward .
" I think we can all conclude that Tony Hayward is not going to have a second career in PR consulting , " he told ABC's This Week programme , in an interview to be broadcast later on Sunday .
Greenpeace campaigner Charlie Kronick described the boating trip as " insulting ... rubbing salt into the wounds " of those who had been affected by the spill .
Residents in coastal states affected by the spill also rebuked the oil executive .
" Man , that ain't right , " said Bobby Pitre , 33 , who runs a tattoo shop in Larose in Louisiana .
" None of us can even go out fishing , and he's at the yacht races .
" I wish we could get a day off from the oil , too , " Mr Pitre told AP news agency .
And 59 - year old Raymond Canevari , an artist from Florida , said Mr Hayward did not " have the right to have free time at all " until the crisis was resolved .
' Family '
Image caption Mr Hayward has faced considerable criticism for his handling of the leak BP boss Tony Hayward 's gaffes
But BP spokesman Robert Wine defended Mr Hayward 's move , and said it was the first break that Mr Hayward has had since the spill began .
" He 's spending a few hours with his family at the weekend , " he said .
" I 'm sure that everyone would understand that . "
Meanwhile , BP announced that it has already paid out $ 104 million ( £ 70 m ) to residents along the Gulf Coast for claims filed as a result of the disaster .
" Our focus has been on getting money into the hands of fishermen , shrimpers , condo owners and others who have not been able to earn income due to the spill , " said Darryl Willis , from the BP claims team .
BP has agreed to put aside $ 20 bn to compensate victims of the oil spill .
Earlier this week , the company said that Mr Hayward was handing over day - to - day management of the response to BP managing director Bob Dudley .
Thousands of barrels of oil are still leaking into the Gulf in what many are calling the worst environmental disaster in US history .
A containment cap and another device are capturing some 25,000 barrels of oil a day , but the latest estimates suggest 35,000 - 60,000 barrels a day are spewing out .
“ I do n’t know about other people , but I ’m amazed at what he can do , ” Manuel said of Moyer .
So was A. J. Burnett , who was socked for six runs and six hits in three and one - third innings .
The Phillies scored four runs off him in the second and two more in the third on back - to - back homers by Ryan Howard and Jayson Werth , before Burnett committed a mental gaffe on his final batter , Chase Utley , when he failed to cover first base .
“ That topped it off , ” Burnett said .
His line evoked memories of his last start against Philadelphia , in Game 5 of the World Series , when he gave up six runs in two - plus innings .
That night , Burnett was pitching on short rest .
There was no such built - in explanation Wednesday or , for that matter , his previous two starts .
Burnett followed a stout April with an uneven May , and his June has been miserable : 0 - 3 with a 9.00 earned run average and six homers allowed .
Survival is a natural instinct for Moyer , well versed in the art of grinding on nights when his repertory is diminished  more diminished than usual , as others might say .
Developing that skill has taken time for Burnett , who has exponentially better stuff than Moyer but at times is lacking in cunning or guile .
Burnett ’s fastball command abandoned him early Wednesday , and he could never recover .
Trying to glean a positive from his night , Burnett mentioned Moyer , 14 years his senior .
If Moyer could rebound from one of the worst starts of his career , then so could he .
“ You look at Jamie ’s last start and what he did , and then he came out here the next time , ” Burnett said .
“ We ’ve got to have short memories , and I ’ve got work to do in two days and I plan on getting out of this drought . ”
INSIDE PITCH
Alex Rodriguez returned to his customary cleanup spot in the Yankees ’ lineup , but as the designated hitter , not the third baseman .
Rodriguez , who went 1 for 3 with a walk and drove in the Yankees ’ final run , said he hoped to be back at third base by Monday , when the Yankees begin a week of games in National League parks and lose the designated hitter .
He said he agreed with Manager Joe Girardi that his lateral movement was not yet where it needs to be .
“ I think over the next couple of days , I ’ll have a better idea , ” said Rodriguez , who plans to intensify his side - to - side movement Thursday .
... Cito Culver reinforced his desire to begin his professional career quickly by passing on his scholarship to the University of Maryland .
Culver , the Yankees ’ first - round draft pick , told The Rochester Democrat and Chronicle that he was flying Wednesday to the Yankees ’ complex in Tampa , Fla .
Agreeing to a contract would be the next logical step , but Culver cannot officially sign it until after he graduates high school on Sunday .
The British - born former AIG chief executive Martin Sullivan drew derision from US politicians by admitting he knew virtually nothing about the insurance company 's vast exposure to complex financial insurance products until the credit crunch sparked early signs of a meltdown at the near bankrupt firm .
A US inquiry panel investigating the financial crisis quizzed Sullivan and several fellow former AIG bosses including Joseph Cassano , who ran the firm 's financial products arm in London , about the collapse of AIG in 2008 that culminated in a government bailout costing $ 182bn .
Its problems have been pinned on ill - fated derivatives contracts of more than $ 1tn .
There was little in the way of apology from the executives .
Sullivan , a lifelong AIG employee who was once lauded as Britain 's most influential businessman in the US , delivered a shoulder - shrugging performance in which he said he was unaware of crucial contractual terms in AIG 's financial products until the middle of 2007 , when Goldman Sachs began making multibillion dollar collateral calls on the firm .
" I only became aware of the CDS [ credit default swap ] portfolio in 2007 , " said Sullivan .
" I was receiving reports , but they did n't indicate any problems with the portfolio . "
AIG has been described by critics as a large , stable insurance firm dwarfed by a huge " hedge fund " in the shape of its financial products division .
The unit , run out of an office in Mayfair , wrote contracts insuring financial institutions against default by counterparties .
AIG was plunged into chaos when banks began making billions of dollars of collateral calls .
The first of these calls came in July 2007 , when Goldman Sachs asked for $ 1.8 bn .
Sullivan , who was then the boss of AIG , admitted he did not know about Goldman 's demand until after the event .
" It was weeks or months later , " said Sullivan , asked when he became aware of the problem .
" It was nowhere near around July time – I think it was much later on in the year . "
This was greeted with amazement by Bill Thomas , vice - chairman of the US financial crisis inquiry commission , who said : " I will admit I 've never been involved in an enormous multinational operation [ but ] there 's not much communication in what I 'd have thought was a major problem in a significant sector of the business . "
The implosion of AIG , which came a week after Lehman Brothers ' bankruptcy , was described by the Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke as the most anger - inducing moment of the financial crisis .
Sullivan , who was appointed OBE three years ago , has been attacked for being asleep at the wheel and is the latest British executive , following BP 's Tony Hayward , to feel the wrath of US politicians .
Empire of Illusion ,
The Matrix
Morpheus : " It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth . "
Neo : " What truth ? "
Morpheus : " That you are a slave , Neo .
Like everyone else you were born into bondage .
Born into a prison that you can not smell or taste or touch .
A prison - for your mind .
Unfortunately , no one can be told what the matrix is .
You have to see it for yourself .
This is your last chance .
After this there is no turning back . "
Red pill , or blue ?
As Chris Hedges points out in " we are vainly trying to return to a bubble economy , of the sort that once handed us the illusion of wealth , rather than confront the stark reality that lies ahead . "
We have been taking the blue pill for over 100 years now , and it seems that we would like to continue .
We prefer comfortable illusions over messy , inconvenient reality .
InMorpheus offered two pills - a red one , and a blue one .
He tells IT drone , Thomas Anderson , that he is in a prison of the mind .
He is a slave to a system that is largely incomprehensible in its opaque anonymity .
"
You take the blue pill " , Morpheus says , " and the story ends .
You wake up in your bed and you believe whatever you want to believe .
You take the red pill - you stay in wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes .
Remember !
All I am offering is the truth .
Nothing more .
" If we choose the blue pill everything is always progressing toward a better , easier future .
House prices always rise , and endless entertainments keep us merrily occupied .
Newspapers gloss over bad news while touting thousand dollar handbags in half - page , stylish adds .
" All is well in blue pill world " , we are assured - " relax , enjoy , work , spend .
Have another blue pill " .
Blue pill addiction leads us to feed the hallucination with trillions of dollars of borrowed money that we will never be able to pay back , in order to prop up a dying system .
The blue pill leads us to believe that fossil fuels and off shore drilling are the only way forward , regardless of the dismal track record of the oil and gas industry .
There is happiness in denial , and the blue pill will not allow images of the poor , the weak , the suffering , and environmental destruction to mar our perfect world .
We can't see them .
However , what we also lose sight of is the fact that we have adopted these delusions by choice .
We could have , like Thomas Anderson , picked the red pill .
The red pill will set you free .
But first it will kick you in the head .
The red pill reveals the truth as it is , blemished , harsh , and uncomfortable .
The red pill awakens us to environmental and social injustice .
The red pill allows us to see 14 000 children dying every day , ravaged by the poverty that we allow when on blue pills .
The red pill may even reveal your own drone - like existence if you have not already broken free of the apparatus that seeks to perpetuate the exploitative , parasitic approach of the purveyors of profit .
However , also revealed will be an exit door , a way out .
Neo got out .
He knew that life is better with stale bread and water in freedom than with cakes and ale in bondage .
Neo took the hard way , refusing the comforts offered by the delusional blue pill .
His was a struggle that entailed much hardship , but in the end he broke free of those who would keep him in chains .
It will be the same for us - we can take the blue pill and continue the illusion of limitless luxury and comfort , but we will be keeping ourselves in bondage until our hand is ultimately forced by the sheer weight of delusion crushing the fantasy utterly .
Blue pills lead to ultimate failure .
If , like Mr. Anderson , we do n't want to fail , we pick the red pill .
Then the puppet masters are revealed behind the curtain .
Also illuminated is the pain and suffering these shadow masters have created in the name of the free market and liberty , the very things they have corrupted beyond recognition .
Red pills will lead us to monumental changes , but they will be for the greater good , and we will all be free .
We can choose knowledge over ignorance , and freedom over captivity .
Like Plato's cave dweller , those who make this choice will emerge into the sunlight and see reality for the first time , rather than remain chained up in the cave facing the wall .
Which will you choose ?
Red pill , or blue ?
The first step is asking this very question : how detailed should it be ?
Next you decide what is important for the understanding of the scene and what should be left to the design team .
Finally : stay close to the 1 page per minute rule .
The first step may seem a bit lame but it really only is about staying aware of the fact that you need to stay as close as possible to the amount of detail needed .
Not more , not less .
bottom line really is : give us enough detail so the reader and audience can visualize the scene and understand what will go on the screen .
INT .
HEAD OFFICE – DAY LANCE
That ’s it .
Apparently we ’re closing down .
JONES
They say this every Summer .
LANCE
What do you know ?
You ’re new .
FRANK
He ’s right , Lance .
Start thinking about your new job .
LINDA
We all getting fired ?
So , how many more characters will there be ?
At the beginning of the scene , we need to know what the situation is .
Describe the room they ’re in briefly .
Is it modern or classic .
Simple or ornate ?
Where are the characters ?
Do they all sit or stand ?
Next , it would probably benefit this scene to describe some body language .
How do the characters respond to the news ?
Do they put down their work ?
Sit straight ?
ACTION vs. DESCRIPTION
INT .
BERNARD’S ROOM – NIGHT
The Sony alarm clock radio- CD on the bedside table shows two large ring - shaped coffee stains .
They must have been there for a while as no coffee mugs are in sight .
The lamp above is switched on and its green , soothing light spreads across the room .
The glass of the lamp shows a small , almost invisible crack on the side .
On the wrought - iron bed , a thick mattress is covered by a simple set of squeaky clean white sheets seem as if it has just been straightened .
In the middle of the room , a Transformers rug draws our attention .
A pair of sneakers lies casually on the floor next to the rug .
On the other end of the room , there ’s a desk but it ’s light is not switched on .
On the desk : an unfinished letter and books on car racing .
Above them against the wall hangs a poster of the movie LE MANS .
There is no sign of any family photographs .
Bernard stands by the window , on the phone with Alex , trying to convince Alex to come over .
A knock on the door .
Oh dear .
If this were the first scene of the script , a professional reader would probably not make it to the ‘ knock on the door ’ .
The irony is that the opening is cluttered with seemingly useless detail but the essence of the scene is brushed over , rather than spelled out in dialogue .
Rejected .
It is important to describe the action rather than things stationary , unless the plot calls for it .
If the slug line states we ’re in a restaurant , we know there will be tables and chairs .
We get it , so be economical .
Give the reader just enough information and let them imagine the rest .
In the following example , Joseph Stefano , the writer of Alfred Hitchcock ’s “ Psycho ” carefully describes the action , leaving the physical layout of the bathroom to the art director .
Lying half in , half out of the tub , the head tumbled over , touching the floor , the hair wet , one eye wide open as if popped , one arm lying limp and wet along the tile floor .
Coming down the side of the tub , running thick and dark along the porcelain , we see many small threads of blood .
Using an active description like “ down the side of the tub , running thick and dark along the porcelain , we see many small threads of blood ” gives the reader a sense of action .
After reading this excerpt from Psycho , I can almost guarantee next time you describe the dead girl to someone , you will refer to her eye as being “ popped ” .
Find the exact word to match the appropriate action .
HIDE DESCRIPTION WITHIN ACTION
Through that paragraph the reader is focused on what is happening with the poor girl ’s body , and probably wo n’t realize the writer sneaked in a description of the bathroom .
This was done without giving the feeling of describing a still object .
Remember , we are describing things happening , not just things per se .
That ’s why we call it “ movies ” .
( with thanks to Vi Truong )
If you found this tip useful , check out the Screenplay Checklist , an A - Z of commonly made mistakes by aspiring screenwriters .
Once you have written your screenplay , make sure you keep the reader hooked by eliminating all the errors that would distract from an enjoyable experience .
Check this 12 p. list of errors and annoyances to perfect your spec screenplay .
Only $ 4.99
Most of the $ 787 b stimulus bill funds have been spent , but the impact on cleantech has fallen below expectations .
The American Reinvestment and Recovery Act ( ARRA ) allocated $ 36.7 b to the Department of Energy ( DOE ) , but as of 6/4/10 only $ 4.5 b has been spent and most of it did not go to cleantech companies .
Nuclear waste cleanup projects and state governments received a majority of the DOE ’s stimulus funds spent to date .
The nuclear waste projects , which have received $ 2.1 b , have nothing to do with renewable energy or energy efficiency .
State governments , which have received $ 1.3 b to date , are supposed to benefit cleantech through Energy Efficiency Conservation Block Grants , Weatherization Assistance , and State Energy programs .
However , we are seeing the potential impact on cleantech diluted because of delays at the state level .
Also , many states facing significant budget shortfalls are likely to spend a portion of the funds on programs unrelated to energy .
Programs that directly fund cleantech companies have announced significant awards , but the money has not been dispersed .
Excluding state nuclear cleanup and state programs , $ 11.5 b has been awarded but not spent .
These programs are the most attractive for cleantech companies because there are no state intermediaries to delay or supplant funds .
Smart grid companies will benefit significantly as utilities receive $ 3.9 b in matching funds to be spent on smart meters and demand response .
The loan guarantee program remains the most well funded and elusive ARRA opportunity .
It is sitting on $ 3.9 b in funding ( 99 % unawarded ) which can be used to support $ 34 b in loans to cleantech companies ranging from equipment manufacturers to project developers .
This program is having serious trouble getting off the ground and we expect that a majority of the funds will remain unspent well into 2011 .
Progress in the loan guarantee program has been greatly exaggerated .
Only one cleantech company has ever received a loan ( Solyndra ) , and the 7 companies that have been conditionally approved are applicants from 2008 .
Conditional approval is a positive step forward in the process , but it does not mean the loan is certain to occur .
The absence of real loans is remarkable considering that the program was established in 2005 and has been accepting applications since 2007 .
Delays are attributable to personnel deficiencies in terms of quantity and quality ( limited finance and private sector experience ) , new restrictions on lobbyists , stringent credit requirements , and mandatory environmental studies that move at a snail ’s pace .
The Treasury Department grant program is a brightspot for cleantech .
Renewable electricity project developers applying for these subsidies are exempt from many of the DOE ’s most burdensome requirements .
Since this program was launched in August 2009 , it has given out $ 3.6 b to 671 projects .
While slow progress of ARRA spending is a near - term negative for the sector , we remain optimistic for the long - term impact .
The size of these spending programs is unprecedented for cleantech space , and we look for them to have a potentially game - changing affect on the US market .
Robert Lahey is the Senior Legislative Analyst at Ardour Capital Investments , LLC , and can be reached at [ email protected ] .
Founded in 2002 , Ardour Capital is the leading research and investment - banking firm exclusively focused on energy technology , alternative energy and power , and clean & renewable technologies .
Ardour Capital publishes in - depth company coverage and industry specific research .
Ardour Capital offers private and public companies a full range of corporate finance , investment banking and capital market services .
Ardour Global Indexes is a family of pure play alternative energy indexes that is the primary measure of cleantech equity performance .
Driver has lucky escape after sinkhole swallows up car on busy China motorway
A motorist had a lucky escape after his car was swallowed by a sinkhole as he travelled along a busy motorway .
The vehicle was trapped , with its front wheels sunk into the chasm , when the gap , measuring about 13 ft - wide , suddenly appeared .
The sinkhole – which is the eighth discovered in China in the past two weeks – happened in Nanchang City , capital Jiangxi Province .
Trapped :
The vehicle is stuck after a sinkhole opened up in Nanchang City
Balancing act :
The ground opened up in the middle of the car as it travelled along the motorway
More than 35 have been found since April .
It comes after a factory and an entire intersection were gulped down by a 100 ft deep and 66ft wide sinkhole following a tropical storm in Guatemala last month .
In China , 600 villagers were evacuated after four huge voids opened up in Guangxi Province .
The vehicle is lifted to safety after the busy motorway is closed
Common : A truck overturned and its driver was injured after a hole appeared in a road in Zheijiang Province
Three smaller holes were discovered in May in southwestern Sichuan Province , less than 80 miles from the earthquake in 2008 in which 80,000 people died .
In another incident , a truck overturned and its driver was injured after a hole appeared in the middle of a motorway in Zheijiang Province on the nation ’s eastern coast .
The sinkhole measured 20ft deep and 27ft wide .
Devastation : A factory and intersection were swallowed up by a 66 ft - wide sinkhole that opened up after storms in Guatemala
A spokesman for the freeway management office said experts on site suspected that the sudden collapse of an underground karst cave created by eroded limestone caused the sinkhole , but the investigation is ongoing .
Advertisements
The latest CBS News poll contained some interesting information about who supports the Tea Party movement .
Contrary to what Tea Partiers claim , their movement is not bi-partisan .
Of the 20 % who considered themselves Tea Party supporters , 36 % were Republicans , 18 % were Independents , and only 2 % were Democrats , so much for that organic bi-partisan movement to take back America .
The Tea Party is really nothing more than the same old white Republicans .
Respondents to the CBS Poll were divided in their opinion of the
Tea Party . 22 % had a positive opinion , 20 % had a negative opinion , 21 % were undecided , and 36 % did n’t know enough about the Tea Party .
When support was broken down by party affiliation , 44 % of Republicans , 22 % of Independents , and 2 % of Democrats had a favorable opinion of them .
Forty percent of Democrats , 14 % of Independents , and only 5 % of Republicans held an unfavorable view of the Tea Party .
Only 20 % of Americans identified themselves as Tea Party supporters , but 59 % responded that they did not support them .
Republicans were split almost evenly on the Tea Party , as 39 % supported it , and 36 % did n’t .
Independents were against the Tea Party by an almost 3 to 1 margin , 58 % - 21 % , and Democrats were almost universally against the Tea Party , 80 % did not support , 2 % did .
Not surprisingly , 55 % of Tea Party supporters were angry at Washington .
It is here that I wish the poll would have dived a little deeper .
It would be interesting to see what issues they are most upset about , because their cause de jour seems to change by the moment .
Advertisements
A picture of the Tea Party is taking shape , and it is not the one that Tea Party leaders like Sarah Palin are out there selling .
This is not an organic non-partisan movement .
They are a far right splinter group of Republicans who are looking to assume control of the GOP .
They are n’t new people .
In the 1960 ’s they were the radical right .
In the 1980 ’s , they were Jerry Falwell ’s Moral Majority .
In the 1990s they were the culture warriors , and after the Clinton scandal family values conservatives .
In the 2000s they became social conservatives , and in 2009 - 2010 , they are the Tea Party .
While the original Tea Party movement was started by Libertarians who supported Ron Paul in 2008 , they have been pushed out and replaced by Sarah Palin and the far right .
The split within the GOP on support for the Tea Party is evidence of the battle that is going on for the ideological soul of the GOP .
Anyone who thinks the Tea Party movement is sustainable over the long term is kidding themselves .
This is a movement based on right wing anger , and once the anger fades away , so will the Tea Party .
Even after they are gone , the far right will be back in a few years , dressed up with a new name and spouting the same extremist political views .
They will be back trying sell the same views that have been rejected for decades , and they will claim to be bi-partisan organic , and new , but it will really be the same white sponsors , with the same white faces , advocating the same old politics .
Animal New York reports on the latest project by Russian art renegades Voina ( War ) : dicking a bridge .
Over the years , Voina staged many actions : police station take - overs , anti-homophobic faux - lynchings in malls , stray cat throwing into swanky restaurants , anti-Medvedev public orgies and all kinds of ruckus .
Their most recent target : the headquarters of FSB , the offices of Russia 's KGB incarnate Federal Security Service .
Our source : Voina themselves .
In the early morn of Che Guevara 's birthday , the group psyched out bascule bridge guards and made their way to the center of Liteiny Bridge .
In 23 seconds flat , Voina painted a 213 - feet - tall , 89 - feet - wide phallus dubbed " Giant Galactic Space Dick . "
Memo to my editors on Tuesday night : " I 'm going to wake up at 5:30 a.m. , make a pot of coffee and write a retro-diary of Game 5 .
It needs to be commemorated for posterity 's sake .
The axis of professional basketball may have shifted .
I need some time to digest what just happened .
I am still in shock .
Also , ' American Idol ' and ' Lost ' are coming on .
Crap , did I say that out loud ?
I know you understand .
Until tomorrow . "
And now it 's today .
Assuming the Celtics clinch the series on Thursday in Boston -- a game in which LeBron James and the Cavaliers will have more pressure on them than any team in the history of the NBA playoffs ' second round , and also a game that could determine how the next 12 years of NBA titles unfold and possibly assassinate professional basketball in Cleveland -- we could end up remembering Game 5 as LeBron 's Last Cleveland Home Game Ever , One Of The Best Five Nights In Knicks History and / or The Game We Realized That LeBron Was Really The Next Karl Malone .
So what happened ?
How did things fall apart completely , totally and ( possibly ) irrevocably in less than two hours ?
Come back with me to the land of retro-diary .
We 'll start at the 9:06 mark of the second quarter , with Cleveland leading 29 - 23 .
9:06 : Cavs coach Mike Brown subs Shaquille O'Neal and Tony Parker for Zydrunas Ilgauskas and LeBron ( 0 - for - 2 at this point ) .
One of TNT 's cameras catches LeBron plop down next to Jamario Moon , but as he 's sitting , he turns his palms upward in disbelief , then looks blankly out to the court .
Hmmmmmm .
Did that mean , " Why the hell did my coach take me out ? " or " What the hell is wrong with me tonight ? "
It meant something .
Bad body language .
Remember this moment .
8:20 : Shaq whips a line drive against the backboard .
Rebound , Garnett .
On behalf of all Celtics fans , I 'd like to thank Brown for playing Shaq 112 minutes in the first five games -- he slows the Cavs down , clogs the middle for LeBron , stifles their movement offensively and gives the older Celtics an improbable speed advantage .
It 's fantastic .
Not counting the last four games of the regular season ( when LeBron did n't play ) , Cleveland went 21 - 4 when Shaq did n't play .
But seriously , keep playing him !
7:21 : Paul Pierce makes a free throw , then posts up Parker for an easy bucket on the next play .
Cleveland made a huge mistake in Game 5 : It overreacted to Rajon Rondo 's monster 29 - 18 - 13 in Game 4 , tweaked its defense to slow him down and allowed Pierce and Ray Allen to get going .
I say " overreacted " because Rondo had one of the three greatest playoff triple - doubles in NBA history on Sunday .
Pretty sure that was n't happening again .
Throw in his illogical rotations ( 41 minutes for Shaq and Ilgauskas ????? ) and the panic move of playing two guys who had n't played all series ( Ilgauskas and Boobie Gibson ) and the only way Brown could have hurt Cleveland more in this game is if he had clubbed LeBron with a tire iron during a timeout .
( Important note : The Cavs ' biggest advantage in this series was / is athleticism .
The Celtics can't match up with Hickson - LeBron - Moon - West - Williams or Hickson - LeBron - Varejao - Williams - West .
In a Feb. 25 game in Boston , Hickson - LeBron / Moon - Varejao - West - Williams turned a 78 - 77 deficit into a 101 - 86 rout in just eight minutes .
They blew the Celtics off the court .
Tuesday night , Varejao played 17 minutes , Hickson played four and Moon played seven .
It 's illogical .
It makes no sense .
You could argue that Varejao should play 48 minutes a game in this series , and that Moon should be the one defending Rondo .
Wait , why am I pointing this out ?
Um , keep playing Shaq !
Twenty - one points in Game 5 !
Looked great ! )
6:10 : Two ugly , disjointed minutes of basketball ( offensive foul , three misses , a turnover , a double technical , loose - ball foul ) lead to KG hitting two FTs .
( FYI : " Ugly and disjointed " could n't be more in the 2009 - 10 Celtics ' wheelhouse ) .
LeBron comes down and bricks a 3 . KG hits an open 18 - footer .
( 30 - 29 , Boston .
No timeout by Cleveland ???? )
Turnover by Jamison .
TV timeout .
Cleveland fans officially terrified .
6:10 ( timeout ) : I know you 're dying to hear my " Karate Kid " remake thoughts .
Well , I 'm in conflict here -- obviously , you can't remake iconic classics if they remain exceedingly watchable .
On the other hand , I 'm the same guy who once wrote that ALL movies can be remade as long as the remake has a different gender or race .
I can support concepts like " Black Scarface , " " Female Hoosiers , " " Black Caddyshack " ( which actually happened and was awful ) , " Female Rocky " and so on .
So it would be hypocritical of me to say , " No , I ca n't support ' Black Karate Kid . ' "
I hate being pigeonholed by a previously established position .
Damn it all .
Back to the game .
5:11 : Garnett hits a turnaround over Varejao ; 32 - 29 , Boston ( 11 straight ) .
Of all the shocking things about the Celtics ' improbable postseason run -- after all , they looked old and dead for nearly four months -- Garnett 's quiet resurgence ranks at the top of the list .
He played on one leg for most of the year , got shopped by Danny Ainge at the February deadline ( it 's true ) , looked like a salary - cap albatross , seemed mentally off ( barking / yapping like Good KG when Good KG was long gone ) and generally just sucked .
Then the Quentin Richardson imbroglio happened ; it was like a basketball epiphany for him .
Garnett has been a different guy since .
He 's moving pretty well , staying within himself , playing solid defense and toning down the whole chest - punching , all - bark / no - bite routine .
His past eight playoff games : 17 - 8 , 53 percent shooting .
Even Tuesday night 's postgame interview with David Aldridge was surprisingly tame -- just a guy who played a good game calmly discussing it .
If you 're a Celtics fan , ALL of this is good .
All of it .
And yes , as recently as four weeks ago , I thought Kevin Garnett was cooked .
Done .
Finished .
I would have bet anything .
4:32 : Jamison misses an easy three - foot runner as every Wizards fan says , " See , I told you he'd choke in a big game ! "
That 's followed by Pierce setting up Trick or Treat Tony ( Allen ) for an easy dunk in pseudo - transition -- did I mention that Rondo ( 0 points , 0 assists ) has been on the bench for most of this 13 - point run ? -- followed by another horrific Cavs possession ( Shaq holding the ball too long , a near - turnover , LeBron forced to create something late in the shot clock ) leading to a Boston steal and Pierce getting the " AND 1 ! " layup as Boston 's bench explodes .
Boston up 37 - 29 .
Timeout , Cleveland .
Uncle Mo and Auntie Mentum are wearing Celtics jerseys right now .
3:50 : LeBron makes five of six free throws but Ray Allen answers with a 2 - pointer and a 3 - pointer ; 42 - 34 Boston .
We 're now in Year 14 of the Ray Allen Era and he 's still swinging playoff games .
Last night : 25 points , six 3s .
For the playoffs : 18.3 PPG , 46 percent 3FG , five of 10 high - octane performances .
Career playoffs : 87 games , 20.3 PPG , 41.2 percent 3FG , 89.5 percent FT .
For my basketball book , I had Allen ranked one spot behind Reggie Miller in my Hall of Fame Pyramid but Allen has now pulled into a dead heat for the paperback .
And what if Boston makes the NBA Finals again ?
3:50 : Just threw some water on myself .
1:49 : Little run for Cleveland : Basket for Varejao , a 3 for Mo Williams ( plus a Varejao free throw ) and it 's suddenly 42 - 39 .
Let the record show that LeBron attacked as much as he could during this stretch .
He just did n't play well .
Of course , because of the stakes -- you know , the future of a Cleveland dynasty hanging in the balance and all -- it felt like one of the weightiest " Awful Big Games " by a great player in NBA history : 3 - for - 14 shooting , 0 - 4 on 3s , little urgency and a Mailman - like Botox game face ( and he was at home ! ) .
He was perplexingly and memorably awful .
As I tweeted , the " Kobe is better than LeBron " demo reacted to the game like Don Shula 's house after the Tyree Catch .
It 's the trump card they desperately needed -- they can always throw Game 5 in any LeBron defender 's face .
Just remember , Kobe has laid more than a few big - game eggs as well ( see sidebar to the right ) .
It happens .
But if it happens again in Boston ?
We have a problem .
1:29 : Pierce beats Parker off the dribble for two .
Huge basket .
Great comeback game for the Peep ( 21 - 11 - 7 ) ; I feel relatively confident that he does n't have Lyme disease or pneumonia anymore .
1:05 : Set play coming out of a timeout , wide - open 3 for Mo Williams brick .
Mo in the playoffs : 13.6 PPG , 40 percent FG , 33 percent 3FG and such shoddy defense that Cleveland decided , " We need to find someone else to defend Rose and Rondo . "
He 's the pimple on the NBA All - Star Game 's rear end .
0:50 : Allen makes a ridiculous , off - balance , hand - in - his - face 3 in front of Boston 's bench .
Boston 47 , Cleveland 40 .
Six - point swing .
LeBron attacks , gets to the rim , draws Rasheed Wallace 's fourth foul ( sadly , two more to go ) and makes one of two freebies .
Rondo responds by creating an easy dunk for Shelden " Billy Knight Has To Be Fired Up To See Me In A Playoff Game " Williams .
After LeBron bricks a 3 - pointer , Ilgauskas jumps over Williams ' back for a foul ( one of two free throws ) , then gets a three - point play on the other end .
Pierce drives hard to the hoop , does n't get a call as usual , end of the half .
Boston 50 , Cleveland 44 .
My thought process at halftime :
If the Celtics can come out and throw a haymaker early , Cleveland will tighten up , their fans will become absolutely poop - in - their - pants terrified , everyone will come to the sudden realization that they might be watching LeBron 's last Cleveland home game ever , the moment would become so weighty that it would suffocate basically everybody , and the Celtics will cruise to a 25 - point win .
Did I expect this to happen ?
Actually , I kinda did .
The Celtics were playing with passion and purpose again , two qualities that had been dormant from Christmas through Easter .
I had n't just written them off ; I kind of hated them .
I could n't believe that a team just two seasons removed from such a special title season would mail in a half - season like that .
The halcyon days of ubuntu were long gone .
When I predicted them to lose to Miami in Round 1 , my cagey readers thought it was a reverse jinx .
Nope .
I really thought we would lose .
The Celtics had given me no reason to think they might show up for the playoffs .
None .
There are three types of sports fans : hopelessly devoted , rationally passionate and irrationally passionate .
I am the latter .
I overreact to big wins .
I fly off the handle with bad losses .
When things are going wrong with one of my teams , I become exceedingly sarcastic and biting ( as anyone who reads me can attest ) .
That 's just my DNA .
I can't help it .
I am a full - fledged , unapologetic over - reactor .
That 's my mental process for following sports .
My father is much more loyal and rational ; with the Celtics these past three years , any time we stunk , he was always the one with the cooler head telling me , " We 'll be fine , we 're gonna win the next one . "
So the following moment was a big deal : On Sunday , my father sold his Game 4 tickets back to the team online for face value .
He did n't want to pay for what threatened to be another stinkbomb , saying simply , " I 'd rather watch Game 4 at home for free . "
The 2009 - 10 Celtics had knocked the faith out of an exceedingly faithful man .
It was n't worth $ 550 to him ( a lot of money , by the way ) to see if the Celtics might show up .
Here 's the point : Neither of us even remotely saw Sunday and Tuesday coming .
I thought the Celtics would roll over on Sunday and lose Game 5 .
End of story , end of season .
Then Rondo played the game of his life , and Pierce / Allen caught fire in Game 5 , and suddenly it was halftime and I was sitting there thinking , " Holy s--- , are we about to murder professional basketball in Cleveland ??? ? "
Fast - forward to the third quarter
11:27 : Allen takes a 3 from the corner bang !
( Copyright : Mike Breen . )
Boston 53 , Cleveland 44 .
11:07 : Off - balance brick from Mo Williams .
Pretty sure LeBron has to touch the ball there .
Call me crazy .
10:54 : Allen takes another 3 BANG !!!!!
( Copyright : Mike Breen . )
Boston by 12 .
Timeout , Cleveland .
Crowd in shock .
Simmons in shock .
Everyone in shock .
GOOD GOD ALMIGHTY !
What is happening here ???
10:25 : Williams drives into the paint and sets up Shaq for a dunk .
Next play : offensive foul on Garnett .
Next play : LeBron attacks but ends up bowling over a Celtic for an offensive foul .
Next play : Rondo torches Williams for the " AND 1 " driving layup ( but misses the freebie ) .
Next play : 20 - foot brick from LeBron .
Next play : Rondo with a pretty pass for a KG layup .
Next play : KG stuffs Jamison .
Next play : Rondo stutter - steps Williams ( playing four feet off him ) for a pretty jumper .
Boston 62 , Cleveland 46 and the crowd is booing ????
You just witnessed , quite possibly , the most damaging two minutes of the LeBron Era in Cleveland : Boston grabbed control and got Rondo going ; LeBron 's shooting touch officially abandoned him ; and the Cleveland fans turned on their team .
Look , I 'm all for booing your boys when the game has been decided -- at some point , you have to let them know , " What just happened was NOT acceptable . "
But doing it that early only makes the home team 's players more skittish / nervous / urgent than they already were ; it 's not like they 're thinking , " Crap , we thought we could get away without trying !
They 're onto us !
We gotta pick it up ! "
Booing makes everything worse .
There 's no upside .
And yet , I can't totally blame those fans because there was so much at stake ; it transcended the game , the series and the season .
Like , you could see yourself looking at LeBron in a Knicks jersey six months from now and saying , " I remember the moment I knew this would happen : Game 5 , Boston - Cleveland , third quarter . "
Every Cavs fan in that building probably had that creepy , stomach - turning vision and thought to themselves , " COME ON !
WE CANNOT LET THIS HAPPEN !!!!!!! "
" ( The ominous sight of LeBron 's buddy John Calipari sitting courtside probably was n't helping , especially when he 's rumored to be the next coach of a Bulls team that has summer cap space . )
Throw in their coach 's abominable performance , LeBron 's no -show and Boston gaining steam by the play , and what do you do ?
I do n't know .
Cleveland fans chose to boo .
Lustily .
I can't kill them on it .
Just pointing out that it did n't help .
8:14 : LeBron bricks a 3 .
So far in this quarter : A charge and two bricks .
And he looks like he just caught a whiff of a decomposing body .
Even Karl Malone is shaking his head right now .
Look , I still believe LeBron will end up becoming one of the best six or seven players ever .
I also believe we 'll look back at this Cleveland stretch and end up blaming his coach and GM .
For seven solid years , the fate of the Cavaliers depended solely and completely on how LeBron James played .
It was n't really fair .
With that said , he has four flaws right now :
He does n't have a low - post game ; he has n't learned to play consistently well when he is n't 100 percent ( like , say , Kobe or Nash have ) ; he settles for 20 - footers and 3s when he's not playing well ( instead of just getting to the rim ) ; and the way he floats in and out of playoff series is positively T - Mac-ian .
The first three are fixable .
I 'm worried about the fourth .
The T - Mac gene scares me .
I 'm not gonna lie .
7:47 : Mo Williams drives and dishes to Shaq for a dunk .
Dick Stockton kills the moment for Cleveland fans by saying , " Harrowing thought [ for Cleveland fans ] that LeBron could possibly be playing his last home game in a Cleveland uniform . "
Oof .
7:27 : Rondo finds Perkins wide open because Shaq fell asleep on a high - screen switch .
Perk makes one of two freebies .
Boston by 15 .
( Still no Varejao .
It 's incredible . )
With the Celtics shaded over to LeBron at the top of the key , Williams finds a seam and gets Shaq another dunk .
( Boston is basically saying , " Take that all day .
We will not allow LeBron to get going . " )
That 's followed by an outrageous drive by Rondo -- beats Williams off the dribble , shakes off LeBron by pretending to dish it back out , keeps it and knifes between them for a layup .
Hands down , he 's the most exciting Celtic since Bird .
Boston by 15 .
6:36 : LeBron bricks a 3 . ( Now 0 - for - 7 and bordering on " Mailman Jr. " status . )
Pierce misses a 3 in transition and Cleveland gets LeBron ( hanging back ) a dunk .
He 's on the board .
Garnett and Rondo quickly respond with a gorgeous give - and - go for a Rondo layup .
Mo Williams is getting worked like a speedbag .
Timeout , Cleveland .
5:45 : Coming out of a timeout , LeBron loses the ball in traffic but it goes right to Shaq ( fouled going for a dunk ) .
Shaq bricks both free throws .
Of course he does .
On the other end , Rondo takes Boobie Gibson ( 10 minutes in the previous nine playoff games , 12 in Game 5 ) off the dribble and gets fouled .
I hate to keep belaboring the " Mike Brown stunk this series " point , but when you go 61 - 17 ( I 'm not counting the last four games ) , then win seven of your first nine playoff games , then you play one bad playoff game , should you really blow up your rotations for the next game ?
What does that tell your team besides , " I do n't trust half of you " and " I 'm terrified ? "
It 's Panic - Coaching 101 , right ?
4:49 : Garnett sinks a wide - open 16 - footer ( Jamison lost him through a screen ) , then LeBron throws the ball out of bounds on a botched pick - and - roll ( " booooooooo ! " ) , then Allen drains yet another 3 .
Boston 73 , Cleveland 52 .
Crowd catatonic .
And normally , you 'd think the game was over unless you 've been watching this Celtics team all season .
The Celtics love to blow leads .
In fact , a friend texted me at this exact moment , " We need to be up 25 heading into the fourth . "
He was n't kidding .
Following a Jamison 3 , some turnovers / fouls / bricks and a TV timeout , TNT comes back from commercial with shots of the mortified Cleveland fans in the crowd .
I have watched god - knows - how - many NBA games in my life I can't remember ever watching a game that , as it progressed , started to feel like the next 12 years for multiple franchises and the league itself were at stake .
Game 6 ( and Game 7 , if it gets there ) will carry that same weight .
See , there was only one way LeBron was leaving Cleveland this summer : if the team fell apart so badly and indefensibly before the Finals that he could get talked into a " You just need a fresh start with a new team " case .
He could n't leave if they lost in the Finals to Kobe 's Lakers ; he 'd look like a coward .
He could n't leave if they won the title ; no great player leaves a defending champ at the altar -- it 's never happened before .
But if it plays out like this ?
He could leave .
Absolutely .
It 's conceivable .
( That sound you just heard was 50,000 Knicks fans standing up in front of their desk and pumping their fists furiously . )
Let 's skip to the fourth quarter since the teams traded baskets for the last three minutes of the third ( including a 3 from LeBron ) .
Boston 80 , Cleveland 63 .
12:00 : Questions David Aldridge could have asked Mike Brown in that last interview : " Have you decided which Realtor you 're using to sell your house yet ? "
" Are you intentionally trying to lose this game , or does it just seem that way ? "
" Are you playing Shaq because you think it 's 2001 ? "
" Are you going to take a year off , or do you think you 'll get right back into coaching ? "
11:10 : Rondo ( 16 points and six assists in the second half ) slides past Gibson for a running 7 - footer .
Just curious :
If Rondo and Nash make the Finals , does n't that alter the " Chris Paul or Deron Williams is the best point guard alive " argument ?
I say yes .
10:52 : Boobie Gibson misses a 3 as LeBron never touches the ball .
That 's followed by Big Baby Davis abusing Jamison on a drive to the basket ( and the foul ! ) .
Celts by 23 .
LeBron immediately drives to the basket ( two free throws , makes one , and by the way , he 's not wearing his elbow sleeve any more ) ;
Davis answers with a wide - open 15 - footer ; Shaq makes a jump hook ; then Davis puts back a missed Pierce jumper and the foul !
Boston 90 , Cleveland 66 .
Game over .
You would have thought I was ecstatic .
And believe me , I was .
The Boston fan in me was doing backflips .
But there 's an NBA fan inside me as well -- the one that cares about the history of the game , and true greatness , and how the eras intersect , and how the Current Legendary Player compares to the Previous Legendary Players -- and that part of me was just plain dumbfounded by the game LeBron James played .
Hey , everyone has a stinker lurking inside them .
But Tuesday night ?
Of all nights ?
As the game wound down to the buzzer , I found myself looking toward Charles Barkley 's comments more than ever before at any point in the playoffs .
Like me , he cares about the big - picture stuff , and this was a big - picture moment .
His words carry more weight than mine ever could .
The funny thing about former great players is that they want new guys to be great .
It 's almost like belonging to an exclusive club -- you can't let just anyone in , they have to fight their way past the bouncer , but when they get there , you 're delighted to see them .
We 're glad you made it .
Congratulations .
Have a seat .
Would you like one of MJ 's cigars ?
Can Russell mix you a drink ?
We 're glad you 're here .
We 're proud of you .
LeBron just seemed like he was headed into the club .
It was a foregone conclusion .
Now ?
I do n't know .
And neither did Barkley .
" I gotta tell you something , Ernie , " he said to Ernie Johnson .
" As a fan -- and I 've said all year that LeBron James was the best basketball player in the world -- but I 'm 100 percent disappointed .
Not the fact that he did n't have a good game , he clearly did n't have a good game .
But his mentality I go back , I played against a Michael Jordan , a Karl Malone , a Patrick Ewing , listen , their gun was gonna be empty by the end of the game .
And I did not see that tonight .
Clearly , it happened in Game 2 .
But tonight , in the biggest game of the season -- this was clearly the biggest game of the season -- I did not see the aggression that I needed from an MVP at home . "
Exactly .
It was dumbfounding .
That 's what it was .
At the same time , e-mails were pouring into my mailbox from Cavaliers fans .
One guy said , " God hates Cleveland . "
Another said , " I 'm watching basketball die in my city . "
Another said , " LeBron just virtuoso eviscerated David Robinson 's record for worst performance by an MVP in the playoffs . "
Another said , " LeBron has his perfect excuse to leave the city and go join Jay - Z and the Yankees in New York like he has always wanted .
We are all watching the death of professional sports in Cleveland . "
The e-mails kept pouring in -- same themes , same thoughts .
Maybe LeBron has been hearing those voices the whole time .
Maybe his teammates just suck .
Maybe Boston is better .
Maybe LeBron is n't as good as we thought .
Maybe he 's more injured than we know .
Maybe sports does n't always make sense .
There are no answers , just maybes .
And since he 's only 25 years old , it 's too early to say that this week could define LeBron 's legacy .
Obviously .
At the same time , every career has a tipping point when you have to pour cement on the foundation , have it harden and say , " How this plays out will probably determine who this player is going to be . "
For Jordan , it was the 1991 Finals .
For Bird , it was the 1984 Finals .
For Ewing , it was the 1994 Finals .
For Magic , it was the 1985 Finals .
For Malone , it happened late ( the 1997 Finals ) .
For Kobe , it happened early ( the 2000 Finals ) .
And so on .
Always -- without fail -- it happens in the Finals , because it 's the ultimate test of pressure .
Only this time , with LeBron James , it 's happening right now .
Round 2 .
At the age of 25 .
With the weight of a city on his shoulders .
With a big decision looming .
With the stench of a dreadful Game 5 still lingering .
With an experienced Boston team ( and crowd ) waiting .
On Thursday night , the cement will be poured for LeBron James .
It 's time .
I have no idea what will happen , and neither do you .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com and the author of the recent New York Times best - seller " The Book of Basketball . "
For every Simmons column and podcast , check out Sports Guy 's World .
Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sportsguy33.
SEOUL — South Korean lawmakers voted Tuesday to move half of the national government to a city being built about 100 kilometers south of Seoul , rejecting President Lee Myung - bak 's effort to keep the government together .
The lawmakers voted 164 - to - 105 against Mr. Lee 's bill to modify plans for the city , being paid for with $ 20 billion in taxpayer funds , to become a center of science and manufacturing rather than an administrative center .
As ...
Article content
Imagine driving along the road , when all of a sudden , you notice a something dangling from the tow bar of someone ’s truck .
Upon closer inspection , you realize what it is : a pair of fake testicles .
In Florida , vehicles adorned with fake testicles are apparently so common that some senators want to ban the novelty items from the state .
Last week , the Senate voted to add a measure to a transportation bill that would fine motorists US $ 60 for letting it all hang out .
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Florida moves to ban fake testicles on trucks Back to video
:
In a spirited debate laced with double entendre , Senate lawmakers questioned whether the state should curtail freedom of expression in vehicle accessories .
Critics of the ban included the Senate Rules Chairman , Sen. Jim King , a Jacksonville Republican whose truck sported a pair until his wife protested .
The accessories , some made of brass , are sold under brand names like Truck Nutz
,
and
.
Google wants EVERYONE to know that you can now set a background image on its search homepage , to make it look more like Microsoft 's Bing .
So today it just turned on a background image for everyone , it seems .
( With a white Google logo .
It does look nice , if you 're into that sort of thing . )
Folks on Twitter are making the connection ...
" Background images on google ?
Wtf ? Bing envy ? " Etc .
Dear friends ,
It 's incredibly difficult to find the words to convey just how lucky and grateful I am to have experienced what I have for the past seven years with the Portland Trail Blazers , but I felt it was important to try .
First and foremost , I want to thank and salute Paul Allen .
He is being unfairly characterized as a bad guy in all of this and that is completely inaccurate and totally unfair .
We do not have Luke Babbitt , Elliot Williams , Armon Johnson and Ryan Gomes without an owner like Paul , just as we would n't have Brandon Roy , LaMarcus Aldridge , Nic Batum , Rudy Fernandez , Andre Miller or Greg Oden .
He is a Blazers fan in every sense of the word and his only mission is to bring another title to Portland .
Like any relationship ours has had a few bumps and bruises , but I would not be where I am today without Paul and for that I am eternally grateful and forever indebted to him .
Parting ways is not the end of the world .
Ultimately , it may not be a bad thing at all , but right now I know the emotions are pretty raw .
But it does n't serve anyone to bash the Trail Blazers or Paul .
It is after all a business of tough decisions .
So , for the sake of the players , coaches and everyone who believes in Trail Blazers basketball , let 's turn the page , move on and keep our eye on the prize .
None of this is to be taken too seriously .
It is just basketball .
And , as strange as it may sound , none of the highlights from the past seven years had to do with anything on the court ; it was everything off the court that meant the most to me .
The little jibs and jabs with my co-workers and the media or enjoying dinner with great NBA friends and counterparts or talking with a passionate fan in the grocery store .
In the end , it 's all about sticking together and helping each other out .
Portlanders take great pride in their basketball team and it's great to see that love and passion back .
I 'm glad I was able to play a small part in making that happen , but understand our comeback was a total team effort led by our owner and not me .
Speaking of Portlanders , I want to thank our great fans .
Everywhere I went for the past seven years I received nothing but the most positive feedback about how much this city loves its team .
I knew every night that we stepped on the court at the Rose Garden that our fans would make the difference and without question having the best fans in the NBA is a huge advantage .
I 'll always look back fondly on Portland and the many great memories and all the lasting relationships I made here .
Yes , ultimately , I 'm tearfully sad to be leaving Portland and incredibly disappointed that I wo n't be able to help see this thing through to the end .
But rest - assured wherever I end up I 'll be keeping a close eye on Portland and cheering the team on because I will always consider myself a Trail Blazer .
Thank you , Portland .
You 're the best .
You have a great owner , great players , a great coach , a great team president , a great president emeritus and a great front office .
In other words , you have a great team and I mean that from the bottom of my heart .
Keep the faith .
Go Blazers !
Sincerely ,
Kevin Pritchard
We at Max Hospital deliver advanced eye care and specialize in eye surgery in India .
We have the pioneering technology and highly experienced team of doctors who aim at quick and best recovery of our patients .
Be it surgical or non-surgical treatment options ; we offer the best of them at our facility .
Till now , we have helped hundreds of people to cherish their dreams of sight .
Eye Disorders and Diseases
There area several eye diseases that can cause serious vision troubles .
Some of them are :
Cataract
It leads to the formation of the dense and cloudy area in one or both eyes .
As it develops slowly , this condition makes it difficult for the person to see clearly .
Common symptoms a person may experience due to cataract are clouded and dim vision , sensitivity to glare , seeing halos around the lights , double vision , and fading of colors .
A cataract surgery can help in curing the condition .
Treatments available are Phacomulsification .
MICS , FLACS .
Glaucoma
It is a disease that can damage the optic nerve and lead to permanent vision loss , if left untreated .
In most cases has no symptoms other than gradual loss of vision , it is difficult to self - diagnose it .
Hence , it is important that people must get their eye checkup done from an eye hospital in India whenever they experience trouble in vision or Every 1 – 2 years after the age of 40 .
We can diagnose Glaucoma with advance equipments like OCT , Perimetery , Pachymetry .
Treatment with medications or advance surgery .
Conjunctivitis
Also known as pink eye , this disease is caused by a bacteria or virus leading to inflammation of the inner eyelid and the outer membrane of the eyeball .
Its symptoms include redness , irritation , tearing , and discharge in or around the eyes .
At Max Healthcare , we offer the best eye treatment for conjunctivitis while keeping in mind the patient ’s present health condition .
Squint
This eye - disorder arises when the eyes are not aligned in the same direction .
This can be caused due to a nerve injury or dysfunction in the eye muscles .
Treatments are available like lasers , and advance surgeries at Max eye care .
Age - Related Macular Degeneration ( AMD )
It blurs the central vision that is used to see detailed things while reading , driving and sewing .
Over the time , the blurred area can grow larger leading to blank spots in the central vision .
As the name suggests , AMD occurs in older adults .
Diagnosis with OCT , FFA available .
Facilities for intravitreal injections are available .
Refractive error
Commonest eye problem affecting a large number of people .
Vision correction is possible to treat with LASIK procedure and one can remove spectacles .
Diabetic Retinopathy
It is due to diabetes , retina get damaged in this condition .
Diagnosis can be done by FFA , OCT and laser treatments are available for this condition .
If a person notices any trouble with vision , they can consult an eye hospital in India for a diagnosis .
In case , their result shows the presence of an eye defect , getting early treatment is the best step to ensure a healthy vision .
Treatments
We at Max Healthcare , have state - of - the - art clinical care and infrastructure that help us in providing best eye care and treatment to our patients .
We offer LASIK ( Wave Front & Standard LASIK ) , Glaucoma Diagnostic Surgery , Eye Ultrasound , Lasers , Squint Surgery , Cornea Diagnostic & Surgery , Retina and Vitreous Diagnostics , and plastic surgery of the eye , low vision aids , Paediatric Ophthalmology , and comprehensive eye examination to our patients .
Renowned as the best eye hospital in India , we also conduct Speciality OPDs for eye care to look after the patients ’ preventive and primary healthcare requirements .
Instead , politicians have been speaking up for her , taking up her cause at a time when immigration reform is a hot topic across the United States , especially after a controversial Arizona law that allows police to question anyone they suspect does not have papers .
Glenn Beck Mocks Malia Obama : Apologizes After Firestorm ( VIDEO )
Talk news host and radio jockgot into hot water when he attacked 11 - year - old , daughter of the president , because he was angry over a comment that her father made during a news briefing .
Barack Obama announced on Thursday that his young daughter came up behind him while he was shaving the other day and asked , " Daddy , did you plug the hole yet ? "
She was , of course , referring to the BP oil spill .
What POTUS was attempting to convey is n't clear , but it drove Glenn Beck into a rant against an innocent young school girl .
Just days after Beck told his radio audience that the children of president 's were off limits , he unleashed a mean - spirited and inappropriate rant against elementary student Malia Obama .
It started out as anger toward Obama for using his child to shield himself from criticism .
It quickly became something else entirely .
He even questioned the level of the sixth - grader 's education , as if to suggest that she was clueless .
A firestorm of criticism caused Beck to rethink his earlier behavior and he promptly apologized on his website .
He acknowledged that as a father , he should have known better .
Check it out from start to finish , with some interesting commentary by CNN anchor Rick Sanchez , who put Glenn Beck at the top of Rick 's List , for his decidedly bad behavior .
View several videos below :
Photos : WENN , PicApp
Run our algorithm to see what others have done with what you own .
The U.S. space agency announced on Tuesday , June 22 , 2010 , that it would like to delay the last two space shuttle missions so the last one lifts off in February 2011 , rather than in November 2010 .
The preliminary plan by NASA is to delay the STS - 133 mission from a September 16 , 2010 liftoff to a launch on October 29 , 2010 .
The space shuttle Discovery is scheduled to be another mission to the International Space Station .
It will deliver and attach the PMM ( pressurized multipurpose module ) Leonardo and an ExPRESS Logistics Carrier .
The crew of STS - 133 consists of commander Steven Lindsey , pilot Eric Boe , and mission specialists Nicole Stott , Michael Barratt , Alvin Drew , and Timothy Kopra .
According to the June 22 , 2010 SpaceflightNow.com article NASA begins review of shuttle launch date changes , ' Assuming an Oct. 29 target date , Discovery would blast off at 5:44 p.m. and dock with the station the afternoon of Oct. 31 .
Two spacewalks would be carried out Nov. 2 and 4 .
Discovery would undock the morning of Nov. 7 and land back at the Kennedy Space Center the afternoon of Nov. 9 .'
NASA then wants to delay the November 2010 flight of STS - 134 to February 28 , 2010 .
The flight of the space shuttle Atlantis , another mission to the ISS , will deliver the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer ( AMS ) and another ExPRESS Logistics Carrier .
According to SpaceflightNow.com , ' Endeavour , commanded by Mark Kelly , would blast off around 5:31 p.m. on Feb. 28 to deliver critical supplies and a $ 1.5 billion physics experiment to the space station .
Joining Kelly for mission STS - 134 will be pilot Gregory Johnson , Hubble veteran Andrew Feustel , European Space Agency astronaut Roberto Vittori and station veterans Gregory Chamitoff and Mike Fincke . '
Page two continues .
The proposed plan '” which is expected to be reviewed over the next week , with an approval or denial expected on July 1 , 2010 ' ” would allow ground crews extra time to ' optimize payloads bound for the International Space Station and to avoid launch conflicts with other flights to the lab complex .'
[ SpaceflightNow.com ]
NASA is also hoping to add one more flight of the space shuttle fleet to its manifest .
The U.S. space agency hopes to give the space shuttle Atlantis one additional trip to space sometime in June 2011 .
Thus , these delays would help spread out the remaining two flights , and give more time to organize ( and approve ) a third yet - to - be- approved flight .
With the announcement made by former congressman and astronaut John Glenn urging the un-retirement of the space shuttle fleet , it is conceivable that NASA also wants to delay as long as possible the official retirement of the shuttles to give more time for Congress and the President to decide on the future of NASA 's manned space program .
For additional information on Mr. Glenn 's announcement , please read the iTWire article ' John Glenn talks U.S. space program : Keep the Shuttles .' Glenn states , ' We have a vehicle here , why throw it away ?
It 's working well . ' Page three concludes .
It is to NASA 's benefit , it would seem , to keep the shuttles operational until another manned vehicle is developed in either the private or public sectors .
Right now , the U.S. manned space program is temporarily halted ( like , 2 , 3 , or maybe even 7 or 8 years ) with the retirement of the space shuttle fleet .
Another manned space program would be years away as private ventures attempt to develop manned spaceflight capabilities for the first time and the public sector ( members of Congress and the president ) can't seem to agree what to do next .
The SpaceflightNow.com article concludes with this statement concerning the addition of a third mission to NASA 's manifest : ' But additional funding would be required and it's not yet clear whether NASA has the necessary political support . '
ISLAMABAD — An American construction worker who was arrested with a 40 - inch sword , a pistol and night - vision goggles in northwestern Pakistan told investigators Tuesday that he wanted to kill Osama bin Laden to avenge the 2001 terrorist attacks on the U.S .
Gary Brooks Faulkner , 50 years old , of Greeley , Colo. , was caught by Pakistani police Monday in the remote Bumburat Valley near the border of Afghanistan 's Nuristan province , where he apparently hoped to find Mr. bin Laden .
Police ...
Alan Henry looks at ten instances where the stewards have taken centre stage ... and it's not always been an open and shut case
James
Hunt replaced Emerson Fittipaldi as McLaren team leader in 1976 and instantly proved himself a potential world championship contender against his old pal Niki Lauda .
James took the chequered flag first in the Spanish GP at Jarama , but then post - race scrutineering took it away .
It was found that the rear track was 18 mm too wide , an inadvertent slip caused by the fact that the McLaren M23 had been fitted with new wheels for this event and it had not occurred to anybody to measure the overhang of the wheel - rim ledge just to be totally sure .
It seemed like a small - minded decision at the time , typical of the erratic standards of stewarding which prevailed in the 1970s , and the victory was restored to McLaren on appeal .
Ayrton Senna , Japanese Grand Prix 1989 - cutting chicane after crash with Alain Prost
This episode took place at the absolute height of the McLaren intra-team confrontation between Prost and Senna which lasted from the start of 1988 through to the end of the following season when Prost left the team .
The tension started on the grid at Suzuka when Prost removed the tail flap of his McLaren - Honda 's rear wing at the last moment before the start , giving him a fractional advantage over the Brazilian in terms of straight line speed .
Prost had the upper hand for most of the race , but Senna gradually closed the gap and forced his way through under braking for the chicane before the pits with only a handful of laps to run .
But Prost would not give way and the two McLarens skidded to a halt , locked together .
Prost abandoned his , but Senna resumed the race by driving through the chicane , stopped to fit a new nose , and went on to finish third on the road .
It was n't the fact he was disqualified by the stewards which caused the biggest furore , but that FIA president Jean - Marie Balestre was present in the stewards ' room which gave rise to worrying question marks over his impartiality .
James Hunt , British Grand Prix 1976 - Hunt disqualified in September
At the start of the ' 76 British GP at Brands Hatch , a firs - corner collision between the two Ferraris of Niki Lauda and Clay Regazzoni saw Hunt 's McLaren suffer suspension damage after clipping the Swiss driver 's car as he tried to dodge through the melee .
The race was flagged to a halt and it was announced that James would not be permitted to take the re-start as he had not been running when the race was actually stopped .
The crowd went mad , jeering and heckling the officials who obviously felt so intimidated that , perhaps fearing trouble , allowed Hunt to take the re-start in his repaired car .
Hunt won commandingly , but the Ferrari team , whose protest had been rejected , appealed the stewards ' decision and the FIA court of appeal finally excluded Hunt from the race two months later .
Mike Hawthorn , Portuguese Grand Prix 1958
Stirling Moss 's Vanwall dominated this race and actually lapped his world championship rival Mike Hawthorn 's Ferrari in the closing stages , although out of a sense of sportsmanship Moss slowed slightly and permitted him to unlap himself before the final lap was completed .
That meant that as Moss took the chequered flag he still had another lap to complete , but Hawthorn then spun the Ferrari and , as Stirling came round he found Mike trying to push - start his car uphill in the direction of the race .
Moss slowed down and shouted that he should push the car down the hill on the pavement alongside the Porto circuit rather than on the track .
Moss later testified that his car was on the pavement and not on the circuit at the time and so Mike 's second place , and the crucial point for fastest lap - was confirmed .
Damon Hill v Michael Schumacher , Australian Grand Prix 1994
Hill went into the 1994 Australian Grand Prix at Adelaide one point behind Schumacher and there was inevitably much tension and speculation surrounding this key world - championship clincher .
Schumacher 's Benetton - Ford B194 stormed into the lead at the start pursued by Hill 's Williams - Renault and the German driver gradually began to open out a slight lead .
In the closing stages Schumacher made a rare slip , sliding wide on a left - hand corner and glancing the retaining walls , an impact which clearly terminally damaged his car .
Hill , in hot pursuit , was too far back around the previous corner to see the impact and , when he caught sight of the Benetton , he realised it was now or never if he was to try and pass .
As Damon went for the inside line , Schumacher closed the door .
Both cars collided and the championship was Schumacher's .
It seemed controversial at the time , but the stewards took no action .
Jochan Rindt and his wife Nina take the plaudits at the 1970 British Grand Prix as the arguments raged behind the scenes © Sutton Images Enlarge
This was one of those unfortunate episodes where the stewards stuck to the letter of the law , no matter how trifling or irritating it might have been to the team concerned , in this case Prost and the McLaren squad .
At the start of the 1985 San Marino GP at Imola , Senna 's Lotus - Renault took an immediate lead chased by Prost 's McLaren - TAG .
However in those days before refuelling was permitted , the key to F1 success was to eke out every ounce of fuel in the tank .
Senna 's tank ran dry , but Prost successfully coaxed his way home to victory .
Then disaster .
At post -race scrutineering the McLaren MP4 / 2B weighed in at 2 kg below the minimum weight limit , having consumed fractionally more brake pads and rubber than the team had calculated .
It was an open and shut case ; the stewards had no choice but to disqualify the Frenchman .
Jochen Rindt , British Grand Prix 1970
Having won this race at the wheel of the superb Lotus 72 Rindt was very nearly disqualified when it was initially found that the car 's rear wing was a fraction of a millimetre too high .
Well , that was the assumption .
In fact Lotus boss Colin Chapman had been involved in a row with the chief scrutineer before the race .
After the race one of the wing stays was found to be bent and the scrutineer argued that if it had not been bent , then the rear wing would have been too high .
But by the time it came to the end of the race , and the car was checked again , not only was the wing stay straightened up , but the wing was still 2 mm under the legal minimum , much to the embarrassment of the scrutineer .
Michael Schumacher , Monaco Grand Prix 2006
During qualifying , Schumacher 's Ferrari skidded to a halt at La Rascasse , preventing Fernando Alonso 's Renault from completing what , on the face of it , looked like a pole - winning lap .
Much to the fury of future FIA president Jean Todt , then the Ferrari team principal , the stewards decreed that Schumacher had done this deliberately and gave him a hefty grid penalty as a result .
It all seemed quite reasonable at the time , but there were those with a touch more sympathy for Michael when it came to the 2010 Monaco race and he was penalised for overtaking Alonso - by now in a Ferrari - in what many believed was a totally legitimate move after the safety car was withdrawn just one corner away from the chequered flag .
On both occasions it was n't really Michael 's day .
Or , indeed , his corner .
Ayrton Senna , Brazilian Grand Prix 1988
After suffering a gearbox breakage in his pole - winning McLaren - Honda MP4 / 4 at Rio de Janeiro , Senna switched to his spare and joined in after the rest of the pack had departed .
Whether the local stewards were simply overawed by the Brazilian ace on his home turf , or just slow off the mark , is not clear .
Either way , it took many laps before they could bring themselves to flag him out of the race .
Stirling Moss , Portuguese Grand Prix 1960
Driving for Rob Walker , Moss looked as though he was going to win the race easily in the team 's new Lotus 18 but a front brake locked on with about four laps to go and he spun .
He was later disqualified for pushing the car against the direction of traffic , precisely the alleged offence he had so gallantly defended the late Hawthorn from two years earlier .
Stewards ' inconsistency , again , you see …
As a representative of the revered social grouping known as The Lesbians , at times a gay lady may find herself on the receiving end of some highly indelicate questions in regards to her personal life .
Advertisement
Examples of these may include " How do two chicks , like , do it ? "
" Which one of you is the boy and which one is the girl ? " and " Can I watch ? "
Advertisement
While it may be tempting in these situations to resort to such methods as shouting " Watch this , mothercusser ! " prior to making strong hand gestures , a gay lady always knows that as an enlightened member of one of the higher echelons of society , she may triumph over these situations with a small amount of preparation .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The following guidelines will assist you through these otherwise potentially vulgar moments , armed with nothing but your own sweet smile and evolved intellect .
Please do remember ladies :
Wash your hands carefully after each situation occurs .
How do two chicks , like , do it ?
Personally , I find the most dignified way to respond to this most improper line of questioning , is by ensuring I always carry a selection of delightfully educational pamphlets on the subject .
You can make these yourself at home in a pinch .
The best variety to have on hand will include those with alphabetized subject headings , a full range of in - depth diagrams and a list of helpful videos at the end .
Hand your questioner one with a sympathetic smile ; not everyone gets to be a gay lady .
Advertisement
Which one of you is the boy and which one is the girl ?
On occasion , a gay lady may find herself unexpectedly called upon to provide a surprising level of education to the general public .
In such situations , the correct etiquette is to answer the poor straight person 's question seriously .
I would advocate the sensitive approach of gently taking the questioner aside so as not to embarrass them , and quietly explaining to them the definition of lesbianism ( which currently stands as " no boys here " ) .
However , in the case that one 's partner is more noticeably butch than oneself , may I suggest pointing at her and saying , " She 's obviously the girl , you great pillock , " because sometimes the amusement of the whole group may require the sacrifice of one person 's dignity .
Advertisement
Can I watch ?
There are a number of possible remedies to this situation and at times a gay lady may find herself feeling the need to get creative when responding to this particular request , which in the majority of contexts is entirely at variance with good manners .
One easy but effective method is simply to reply " Yes , " followed by the provision of directions to a faraway location that does n't exist .
Explain to the interloper that you 'll meet them there , but only if they leave right away .
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on After Ellen .
Republished with permission .
Few people have championed sustainability as passionately or as long as Peter Wege , Grand Rapids businessman and philanthropist .
The 90 - year - old Wege recently published his second book
which builds on his first book , “ Economicology : The Eleventh Commandment , ” published in 1998 by the
, which he founded in 1967 .
Wege coined the term “ economicology ” 20 years ago to summarize his belief of a need to strike a balance between economics and ecology .
Seeing major strides in the sustainability movement in recent years “ makes me want to try harder .
And it makes me hopeful that there ’s still time , ” Wege told
Business Review
.
“ I always think positively .
We just have to do it because we owe it to our children and grandchildren . ”
Wege , whose family founded
in 1912 as the Metal Office Furniture Co. , answered questions via e-mail from Associate Editor Mark Sanchez .
What makes you so passionate about sustainability ?
Because every living thing depends on our practicing sustainability .
That ’s what “ economicology ” means .
It ’s a word I coined almost 20 years ago to say the same thing .
It ’s also the title of both my books .
“ Economicology ” means that we must take care of the ecology if we are to have a profitable economy .
Our environment contains the economy .
We ’ve been acting like it ’s the other way around .
So I am passionate about sustainability because we ’re finally realizing it ’s the only way to survival .
What first sparked your interest ?
I can tell you exactly what happened .
In 1943 I was a World War II pilot flying a military plane into Pittsburgh on a sunny day when the smog got so thick I could n’t see the ground .
The airport had to turn on the lights so I could see to land .
That did it .
From then on my goal has been to do everything I can to protect the only Earth we have before it ’s too late .
That ’s why I wrote both my books on economicology — to educate everybody I can reach as fast as possible .
Why is sustainability — or economicology — so important ?
Because the future of civilization depends on it .
I called it the 11th Commandment in my first economicology book : “ Thou shalt not commit abuse against the environment , but rather honor it with respect for sustaining life . ”
Name me anything that ’s more important than that .
What do you tell people who question the value of sustainability / economicology ?
Well , in polite terms I ’d tell them they have no idea what they ’re talking about .
Then I ’d tell them to read my new book .
It ’s all there .
People like that need to be educated .
Education is the most important thing we can do if we are to survive as a civilization .
What 's the most misunderstood aspect of sustainability ?
That it costs too much .
Just the opposite is true .
LEED building is an example .
The extra cost that went into making the Grand Rapids Art Museum a sustainable building will get paid back many times in decreased utilities bills forever .
The cost to save the Great Lakes is a federal law spending $ 20 billion that will return $ 80 billion to the economy of the Great Lakes .
That is making money , not costing money .
Why should corporations embrace sustainability as a business practice ?
It ’s only logical because it reduces the costs of running their businesses .
Steelcase used to ship furniture in huge boxes that were expensive and created unnecessary waste .
Now we throw reusable blankets over the furniture to protect it .
Another example from my first book is that Steelcase sells used fabric to a recycler who , in turn , sells it to auto makers for sound deadeners in car doors .
Three businesses profit from that sustainability practice .
It ’s just what I call economicology .
What do you think has driven the growth in sustainability in recent years ?
Because it ’s the right thing to do .
My motto is that we must do all the good we can for as many people as we can for as long as we can .
Well , what more good can we do than to save the Earth God gave us for future generations ?
If there 's one thing you could do to advance the cause further , what would it be ?
Get the world to deal with the most serious threat humanity faces : overpopulation .
In my new book you ’ll read that if every person in the world consumed what every American does , we ’d need four more Earths to support everyone .
We already have 6.8 billion people , and , in 10 years , we ’ll have 7.5 billion .
That ’s scary .
I ’d like to see the United Nations take on the mission of educating the world about the danger of overpopulation .
They might be the only organization that can .
I just found this great Blue Angels in - flight cockpit video on YouTube !
The videographer is having the ride of a lifetime !
He ’s sitting in this F / A - 18 Hornet during Blue Angels practice at Naval Air Station Pensacola .
Probably one of the best cockpit videos ever !
This video is courtesy of YouTube user jimboking
Overview ( 3 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Spouse ( 3 )
Trade Mark ( 1 )
Often plays doctors
Trivia ( 19 )
Attended the Catholic University of America Drama Dept , where he met and married Susan Sarandon ( born Susan Tomalin ) in 1968 .
Worked at Theatre West Virginia .
First wife Susan Sarandon got her big break when Chris brought her along on an audition .
Has 3 children with Lisa Ann Cooper : Stephanie Sarandon ( born in 1986 ) , Michael Sarandon ( born in 1984 ) and Alexis Sarandon ( born in 1988 ) .
Two weeks after arriving in New York from regional theater , he landed a two - year role on the soap opera Springfield Story ( 1952 ) .
Graduated magna cum laude from West Virginia University .
In 1961 Sarandon made his theater debut at Theatre West Virginia 's Grandview in " Honey in the Rock . "
He spent three seasons with the historical drama , playing a variety of roles , including a New River settler , a news reader , a sentry and Stonewall Jackson .
He also doubled as a singer / dancer .
Was approached to reprise his role as Det. Mike Norris in Chuckys Baby ( 2004 ) but turned it down due to scheduling conflicts .
He is on the Advisory Board for the Greenbrier Valley Theatre in Lewisburg , West Virginia .
At the same time he was appearing on Broadway in " The Light in the Piazza " , wife Joanna Gleason was appearing on Broadway in " Dirty Rotten Scoundrels " .
Graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in Beckley , West Virginia .
Attended The Scandinavian Sci-Fi , Game & Film Convention in Helsingborg , Sweden [ October 2009 ]
Playing " Signor Naccarelli " in the new 6 - time Tony award - winning Broadway musical " The Light in the Piazza " at the Lincoln Center in Manhatten ( will run through March 26 ) .
[ January 2006 ]
Recently purchased a rambling vintage home in Fairfield County , Connecticut with his wife , Joanna Gleason .
[ October 2007 ]
Appearing with his wife , Joanna Gleason , in his hometown of Beckley , West Virginia .
[ April 2003 ]
Chris graduated from West Virginia University with a bachelor of fine arts in 1964 .
He has appeared in two films that have been selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being " culturally , historically or aesthetically " significant : Hundstage ( 1975 ) and Die Braut des Prinzen ( 1987 ) .
Personal Quotes ( 2 )
Being on stage is a seductive lifestyle .
My advice to aspiring actors is think twice .
People sometimes go into acting for the wrong reasons - as a shortcut to fame and fortune .
If these goals are not attained , they feel a bitter disappointment .
Acting should be an end in itself .
As an actor , we are , in a way , a mirror of other people .
NEW YORK -- A son of former ABC News anchor Ted Koppel was found dead in an apartment after a day of bar hopping with a man he'd just met , a law enforcement official said Tuesday .
A drunken Andrew Koppel , 40 , had been placed in a back bedroom of the Manhattan apartment to sleep it off and apparently had been dead at least four hours before anyone realized , said Belinda Caban , who lives in the apartment .
He was declared dead around 1:30 a.m. Monday , New York Police Department Detective John Sweeney said .
The cause of his death had n't been determined , but there was no evidence indicating a crime , police said .
Ted Koppel is the former longtime anchor of the ABC News show " Nightline . "
Andrew Koppel was one of his four children .
Ted Koppel and his wife , Grace Anne Dorney Koppel , issued a brief statement through a representative Tuesday : " Our son , Andrew , was a brilliant , caring man , whose loss we will mourn for the rest of our lives . "
Mayor Michael Bloomberg , an acquaintance of Ted Koppel , on Tuesday offered his condolences to the family .
" It 's very sad , " Bloomberg said .
" I know Ted casually , and I do n't know how anybody deals with losing a child . "
Andrew Koppel , who lived in Queens , had been drinking heavily during the day with Russell Wimberly , whom he met at a bar , the law enforcement official said .
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation into the death was n't completed .
Koppel started drinking at Smith 's Bar and Restaurant in Manhattan and went to several other locations with Wimberly , the official said , before winding up at the Washington Heights neighborhood apartment owned by Caban , Wimberly 's friend .
Caban said Tuesday that she had never seen Koppel before and did n't realize he was related to the news anchor , who left the network in 2005 .
She said Wimberly arrived at her apartment holding up Koppel , who was visibly drunk .
" I told him to sit him down , and he was flopped down in the chair .
He kept flopping on my chair , " she said .
" I said , ' Bring him to the room .
Let him wear it off .
Let him go into the room and lay down and wear it off . " '
Caban said she and Wimberly spoke for hours and he went in to check on Koppel and said he was snoring and had a pulse .
After six hours , she told Wimberly it was time to go and for him to take Koppel home .
She said when they went to the bedroom to rouse Koppel , he was n't moving .
" He went to pick him up and he flopped down , and I said something is wrong with him , " she said .
" Tried to sit him up .
He was pale .
I said , ' This man is dead .
Something is wrong with him .
This man must be dead . " '
She said they called 911 and emergency workers estimated Koppel had been dead about four hours .
" I 'm just so sorry , " Caban said .
" I 'm so sorry he died in my house . "
Phone calls to numbers listed for Wimberly rang unanswered Tuesday .
Caban said she did n't know what he had to drink .
Wimberly told the New York Post that Koppel drank whiskey and that neither man had anything to eat all day .
He said they drank into the night .
" He had a straw hat on , and I had one on , and he said , ' Nice hat , man , " ' Wimberly told the newspaper .
" We got to talking , and he started buying me drinks . "
Koppel was appointed attorney for the city Housing Authority 's civil litigation division in 2001 and resigned the post in 2008 , the agency said Tuesday .
In 1994 , while a student at Georgetown Law School , he was convicted of misdemeanor assault for striking a U.S. Senate aide during an argument at a Capitol Hill cash machine .
An autopsy was performed Monday , but results were pending further study , including toxicology and tissue testing , medical examiner 's office spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said .
Additional tests were needed to determine the manner and cause of death , and they will take a few weeks to complete .
Ted Koppel left ABC for the Discovery Channel , where he was managing editor until resigning in 2008 .
He now is a senior news analyst for National Public Radio and BBC America .
This afternoon , the EPA is expected to announce new , more stringent fuel efficiency targets for automakers .
The regulations are bad enough — they force people to buy smaller cars , which results in increased vehicular fatalities — but it gets worse .
The EPA ’s announcement will mark the first time that it has used its authority under the Clean Air Act to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
That ’s a big deal , because the Clean Air Act is written such that regulation triggers more regulation .
Thus , today ’s announcement on fuel efficiency is like reaching critical mass in a regulatory chain reaction , and the result is a weapon of massive economic destruction .
Here ’s how it works .
Once the Clean Air Act applies to mobile sources , like cars , it must also apply to stationary sources , like buildings .
These regulations , in turn , engender stringent National Ambient Air Quality Standards .
And so on and so forth .
You get the idea .
But the Clean Air Act was written in 1970 to fight smog , not global warming .
Greenhouse gases are much more prevalent than smog forming emissions , so the thresholds for what constitutes a polluter are all out of whack .
If the EPA adheres to the text of the legislation , then it would have to regulate everything larger than a mansion — your apartment building , your office complex , your small business .
It would be a nightmare .
Even the EPA admits that regulating greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act is “ absurd . ”
To avoid having to shackle the entire economy , the EPA wants to increase the threshold for the regulation of greenhouse gas “ pollution ” under the Clean Air Act , from 250 tons a year , to 25,000 tons a year .
Otherwise , the EPA argues , it will be forced to regulate almost everything , which would be , the EPA concedes , “ absurd . ”
But it ’s not that simple .
The EPA is part of the executive branch of government , and it is unconstitutional for the executive to legislate .
The EPA ’s attempt to alter the text of the Clean Air Act flies in the face of the separation of powers , one of America ’s founding political principles .
Environmentalist litigation groups undoubtedly will sue to ensure the full implementation of the Clean Air Act , and if they win , then the EPA will be forced to impose an unprecedented regulatory straightjacket on the American economy .
This is why the Congress never voted to subject greenhouse gases to the Clean Air Act .
In fact , the Senate actually stripped greenhouse gas provisions from the 1990 Amendments to the Act. Michigan Rep. John Dingell , who authored the Clean Air Act , said that , “ This [ regulating greenhouse gases ] is not what was intended by the Congress . ”
Despite this legislative history , the Supreme Court ruled in 2007 that the EPA could regulate greenhouse gases .
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA could regulate greenhouse gases , not that the EPA must regulate .
Former President George W. Bush had the good sense to let sleeping dogs lie .
President Obama , on the other hand , thinks he can leverage the Supreme Court ’s decision into a political victory .
He had campaigned for the presidency on a promise to deliver a “ cap - and - trade ” program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , but he is having trouble getting it through Congress .
So the President devised a high - stakes game of chicken .
He is threatening to unleash the EPA in order to coerce climate legislation out of Congress .
Today ’s California waiver announcement is the consummation of Obama ’s threat .
These are hyper - partisan times , but both parties in Congress agree that they do n’t like being pushed around by The White House .
In the Senate , Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska has joined with Democratic colleagues Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas , Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Mary Landrieu of Louisiana to sponsor legislation , known as a Resolution of Disapproval , which would strip the EPA of the authority to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act .
Due to a procedural quirk , this Resolution of Disapproval ( S.J. 26 ) cannot be filibustered , so it only needs a majority to pass in the Senate .
There is a legally mandated time limit before which the bill must be considered , so the Senate will address S.J. 26 shortly after returning from the Easter recess .
The vote is expected to be very close .
If it fails , get ready for the green police .
William Yeatman is an energy policy analyst at the Competitive Enterprise Institute and editor of Globalwarming.org .
Dear Readers ,
We hope you ’ve enjoyed reading this blog as much as we ’ve enjoyed reporting and writing it , but it ’s time for the next stage in Belief ’s evolution .
Like the rest of our colleagues at CNN , we ’re “ going there ” … to a spiffy new home : http://www.cnn.com/specials/belief.
The new site will have the same insightful analysis and in - depth reporting that you ’re used to , but it will also enable us — and , more importantly , you — to navigate through a wider array of videos , articles and columns from our team of reporters and editors around the globe .
What ’s more , the design will allow you to comfortably read Belief ’s content whether you ’re strap - hanging on a subway , sitting at a desktop , or settling in for a long read on your tablet .
We hope ardent atheists , devout believers and every array of religion in between will join us on a pilgrimage to the new sanctuary … er , site .
And please let us know what you think on Twitter : @CNNBelief .
Yours in gratitude ,
Daniel Burke and Eric Marrapodi
New South Wales Labor MP
Karyn Paluzzano has admitted to falsely signing employee pay forms at a corruption hearing in Sydney .
Ms Paluzzano has been on the stand on day three of the Independent Commission Against Corruption 's ( ICAC ) inquiry .
The inquiry has heard she was involved in defrauding Parliament through falsifying staff pay forms and rorting a mail - out allowance .
She was asked during the hearing whether she signed false or misleading employee pay forms .
She replied : " That 's correct . "
Ms Paluzzano yesterday resigned as a parliamentary secretary after admitting there were irregularities in her electorate office .
Earlier today former staff member Tim Horan produced mobile phone records to show he was in Penrith on a day when he was paid to be at State Parliament .
Mr Horan also told the hearing that Ms Paluzzano sent a non-approved letter to constituents complaining about a proposed retirement village at Kingswood which she feared would adversely affect her nearby home .
Mr Horan says she did this by sending a letter about a 2009 Australia Day event to Parliament for approval and when it was given the letter involving the development was also put in the envelopes .
He says both he and Ms Paluzzano knew it was wrong .
Yesterday another former staff member , Jennifer Launt , admitted falsely filling out pay forms .
Ms Launt told the hearing she knew she was doing the wrong thing when she signed the forms , but she did not speak up because she felt intimidated by Ms Paluzzano .
Earlier the Opposition 's Chris Hartcher said it was not enough that Ms Paluzzano had resigned from her parliamentary role .
He said Premier Kristina Keneally needed to take further action .
" The Premier should show decisive leadership and now remove Karyn Paluzzano from the Labor Party , " he said .
The ALP 's general secretary , Sam Dastyari , says he will not speculate on Ms Paluzzano 's party membership status , saying he is awaiting ICAC 's findings .
Ms Paluzzano returns to the witness box on Thursday .
Gordon Brown is no doubt feeling an ache of despair this morning as he faces a three / seven / 10 gajillion - [ choose as appropriate to political affiliation of your newspaper ] point deficit in the polls , but as seasoned watchers of beleaguered famous people know , misfortune comes to celebrities in pairs .
Mother Teresa dies – Princess Diana dies .
Kate Winslet and Sam Mendes break up – Sandra Bullock and her porn-loving husband split up .
Some put this synchronicity down to the whims of an unfathomable cosmic universe .
The cynical will say that famous people are always having troubles because the same personality flaw that made them desire fame will also cause them to self - destruct – and this truth is as applicable to egomaniacal golfers as it is to our Macbethian prime minister .
The point is that Gordon most certainly has a partner in pain : Christianity .
Yes , after two millennia of a pretty much undisputed reign at the top of the pops , Christianity has been having a bad run of late , particularly over the last weekend – which is kinda spooky seeing as the weekend commemorated what was another tumultuous time in Christianity 's lifespan .
It 's like when Jade Goody 's mother was caught in a tabloid sting allegedly taking drugs on the anniversary of her daughter 's death , is n't it ?
O Henry never crafted such bitter irony .
But back to Christianity , which its supporters , detractors and agnostic observers all agree currently has something of an image problem .
Paedophilia , homophobic B&B owners – no wonder it is now hiding in a celebrity safehouse ( AKA the Priory ) .
" But I 'm doing nothing worse than any other religion ! " bleats Christianity .
That may be true , Christianity , but you 're not helping yourself , and nor are any of your spokesmen – such as one of the pope 's cardinals describing the paedophilia allegations in the Catholic church as " petty gossip " .
And on the very same day , the Archbishop of Canterbury made a simply darling claim that there is a " sustained effort to discriminate against [ Christians in this country ] " – suggesting that Dr Rowan is something of a fan of John Gaunt 's radio talkshow , on which one is treated to diatribes from listeners about how no one is more discriminated against in this country than white men .
New era , new crack team of image re-branders , Christianity .
And so , after a heavy weekend of brainstorming , Max Clifford , Charles Saatchi , Nathan Barley and my own humble self are proud to present . . .
Christianity : the comeback plan .
1 Ally itself with Apple
Seeing – as I found out this weekend – that one can follow Paris 's Shoah Memorial on Twitter ( " Watching Schindler 's List .
Liam Neeson = hotness !!!! " ) , it seems unfathomable that Christianity does n't have an iPhone app .
But that 's not enough .
Apple is , without doubt , the new religion , as proven by the fact that the same weekend Christianity was getting ragged on , the entire world was kneeling before the new god : the $ 400 Etch - a - Sketch , AKA the iPad .
I was in New York City when the new Apple temple opened on the Upper West Side last year , and to see the giant Apple logo glowing down upon a dark and wintry Broadway was to know how Christian pilgrims must feel upon seeing the giant statue of Jesus presiding over Rio de Janeiro .
Christianity needs to sell up to Apple while it still has stock to sell .
Then it can be fronted by the Vicar of Apple , Stephen Fry , and then it will definitely be on Twitter .
2 Check into a sex-addiction clinic
Classic shamed celebrity strategy and , in the specific case of the Catholic church , a not entirely ridiculous one .
3 Embark on a tour of the national media to tell everyone that Christianity is now going into hiding
" I want to be much more private , " troubled model Sophie Anderton recently announced via the very private medium of GMTV .
Similarly , Katie Price appeared on This Morning to announce her own imminent self - isolation , but not before informing the nation that she 's not trying to get pregnant at the moment because " I 'm on my period " .
Christianity needs to take note .
To this effect , Max Clifford has planned an extensive UK tour to announce its retirement from the public sphere , taking in GMTV , Lorraine Kelly , The Jeremy Kyle Show , The Wright Stuff , London Today , Reveal , OK ! , Grazia , Now , Take a Break , Strictly Come Dancing , Dancing on Ice and Big Brother 's Little Brother .
4 Hold press conferences at major group events to prove one 's humility , thereby ensuring that all attention is taken away from the other , competing religions
Note to fellow rebranders : watch last Monday 's Tiger conference .
Book that room .
Take note of Tiger 's pitch - perfect tone of humility , but perhaps do n't copy his headwear , as wearing a cap with one 's own initials interwoven in such a way that they resemble a diagram about how to check for chlamydia jarred with his claims that he is no longer the egotistical sex addict of yore .
5 Marry Jennifer Aniston or Cheryl Cole
If Christianity marrying either of these young ladies puts an end to stories claiming they are going out with their co-star / producer / a suspiciously camp - looking dancer , or just keeps Gerard Butler 's face out of the papers for one blessed day , I 'll convert .
“ We ’re pushing the envelope , but I personally believe that the technology , in terms of equipment and processes , will be able to keep up with what we ’re doing  though this experience may slow things down , ” said Stefan Mrozewski , a senior staff associate at the Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University , whose research involves projects like drilling boreholes in deep water to study chemicals under the seafloor .
Image AGAIN
A robotic arm trying to stop the flow of oil from the Deepwater Horizon rig .
Credit ...
Reuters
He previously worked as an engineer in the oil industry on deepwater rigs in the Gulf of Mexico .
He said the blowout on the rig and the apparent failure of the blowout preventer was “ beyond the realm of expectation , ” most likely a combination of unimaginable human and mechanical error .
Noting that rigorous planning precedes deepwater drilling , yet “ the risk is still not zero , ” he said the accident last month would encourage designers and engineers to improve the technology and procedures , so that a disaster like the Deepwater Horizon explosion could not happen again .
Still , as he watched a live feed of drilling mud being pumped into the leaking well on the seabed , he acknowledged that the science of repair and cleanup seemed lacking .
“ My impression is that we were unprepared for this , ” he said .
“ There were not a lot of good technologies and techniques ready . ”
William Jackson , deputy director general of the International Union for Conservation of Nature in Gland , Switzerland , said abstract devotion was misguided : “ At this time in history we have great faith in having the technological ability to solve problems , and that faith has proved incorrect in this place . ”
He said that even good new ideas needed funding and testing to make sure they worked .
He pointed out that pledges by the coal industry and some countries to curb future carbon dioxide emissions often assume the successful evolution of technologies that are as yet unproven or have never been tried on a large scale .
“ There is this belief that an engineering solution can be found as you move along , ” he said , noting that carbon capture and storage  which involves pumping CO2 emissions underground rather than releasing them to the air  may be “ there ” as a science , but the costs prevent it from being a practical answer .
By all accounts , the oil industry is infused with this “ can do ” attitude : Oil running low ?
“ Oil wells will run dry , but advances in technologies can put off the inevitable , ” said a 2006 article in a newsletter of the American Oil and Gas Historical Society .
In his 2005 talk , Mr. Eyton , now BP ’s group head of research and technology , was not so cavalier , discussing the need for vigilant risk management .
He ’s only half human but Mr. Spock still rates a farewell of honour on Life As A Human .
As Captain Kirk ’s half - Vulcan , half - human science officer aboard the Starship Enterprise in the original Star Trek series , Spock ’s logic served as the perfect foil to the hotheaded emotionalism of Kirk , Bones and Scottie — the humans .
At 79 years old , Spock ’s real - life human host Leonard Nimoy is tucking in his pointed ears .
After 60 years in the biz , he ’s earned his right to embrace other aspects of life .
Fortunately , Star Trek fans got to spend time with Spock in last year ’s J.J. Abrams ’ Star Trek film remake .
Spock ( Starfleet service number S179 - 276 ) was the child of Sarek , a Vulcan diplomat , and Amanda Grayson , a human schoolteacher .
Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry , in his TV show pitch for Star Trek , first described Spock as “ probably half Martian ” with a “ slightly reddish complexion and semi- pointed ears ” .
Apparently , writer Samuel Anthony Peeples told Roddenberry that Spock seemed too alien .
He recommended making him half - human so he could reflect more believably upon the human condition .
Over the years , Spock has been a favourite of Trekkies everywhere .
There is even an online church devoted to Spock , The Church of Spock of Latter Day Science Officers .
But some of his most devoted fans are in the town of Vulcan , Alberta in Canada ( pop.2000 ) .
Today , Spock finally visited Vulcan .
“ I have been a Vulcan for 44 years — I figured it was time I came home , ” he told the cheering crowd .
As a farewell to Vulcan fans , he gave the Vulcan salute and said , “ May each and every one of you live long and prosper . ”
In honour of Mr. Spock , here are some of my fave Spock quotes :
“ It is curious how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do not want . ”
“ After a time , you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing , after all , as wanting .
It is not logical , but it is often true . ”
“ Judging by the pollution content of the atmosphere , I believe we have arrived at the late twentieth century . ”
“ If I were human , I believe my response would be : ‘ go to hell ’ .
If I were human . ”
Photo Credits
“ Spock ” and “ Spock and McCoy ” courtesy of CBC Studios
Recent Kerry Slavens Articles :
We got Futurama back .
Life seems a little brighter , a little less oppressive , somehow infused with just a tiny , tiny bit of hope .
now we can concentrate on Joss .
PORT ARANSAS — Tony Amos has seen this disaster before .
The explosion in the Gulf of Mexico .
The runaway well .
The blowout preventer that did n't prevent the blowout .
The ever - growing estimates of the spew .
The high - tech attempts to cap it , the failures , the dispersants .
The months of waiting .
The blackened beaches and oiled birds .
More than 30 years later , the Ixtoc I blowout still makes the white - bearded oceanographer furious .
Ixtoc , he notes , was the biggest oil disaster the world had ever seen .
After the platform exploded June 3 , 1979 , in Mexico 's Bay of Campeche , the 2 - mile - deep well spewed for an astounding 293 days , pouring an estimated 140 million gallons of oil into the Gulf .
Amos is 72 , but he remembers Ixtoc sharply .
The year before , he had begun making detailed surveys of a 7 - mile stretch of Mustang Island beach .
Every other day , he recorded each bird , each patch of seaweed .
On the day Ixtoc oil coated that beach , his notebook shows , he cried .
To me , Amos ' anger and sadness make sense :
But somehow , in the U.S. , that anger and sadness did n't hit most people .
Instead of serving as a warning of what could happen in the Gulf , Ixtoc became a footnote , a factoid .
" Have you been watching the Senate 's BP hearings ? "
Amos asked me .
" Somebody just brought it up .
' Eh - eh - eh - ex ...toc , ' the guy said .
Could n't even remember the name . "
That forgetting infuriated me , too .
In retrospect , Ixtoc seems like a giant , blinking warning sign :
This could happen again , closer to home .
I wanted to know :
How did we miss that ?
Why are we still using technology much like the attempts that failed at Ixtoc ?
Why did n't we insist on a real response plan - one able to handle a Gulf - size crisis ?
Did we forget a disaster that big was possible ?
Did we learn nothing ?
Fading memories
I came to the Texas coast expecting to find lots of people like Amos - people as mad as I was , people who bore old psychic scars , people who still shivered to remember the 150 miles of Texas beaches coated with oil .
But that was n't the reaction I got .
Except for scientists like Amos , when I asked Port Aransas ' old - timers about Ixtoc , most shrugged and struggled to remember something .
Retired deep - sea fishing guides volunteered that they 'd steer their boats close to oil slicks ; some believed the fish hid under them .
A real estate agent said the oil hurt sales that summer .
A veteran laughed about the nickname " Tar Baby " he got after camping on the beach .
Only one question reliably made people light up .
I learned to ask what they had used to remove the black , carpet - wrecking tar balls from their feet and shoes .
Baby wipes , they 'd say , laughing .
Or baby oil .
WD - 40 . Gojo. Gasoline .
Some of Port Aransas ' old - timers are furious about the BP spill off Louisiana 's coast .
But they hardly ever think of Ixtoc - the spill that hit their own coast and affected their own livelihoods .
The spill that could have served as a warning .
It 's as if their memories have been wiped as clean as their feet .
Amid the energy crisis
Along the coast - in Corpus , in Padre , in Port Aransas - I kept asking people how Ixtoc was different from the BP spill .
Sometimes they talked about the media now , the way the 24 - hour news cycle now begs to be filled .
Other times , they talked about the ' 79 oil crisis .
Gas was expensive , lines were long and everyone hated OPEC .
Miles of oil floating on the water seemed less a threat than a waste : " Runaway Mexican well spews $ 250 million into the Gulf , " as a New York Times headline put it .
Chirped Time : " On the bright side , the size of the latest blowout implies a major new find by Pemex . "
Geography mattered , too .
Mexico seemed a world away from the U.S. ; no one believed that what happened there could happen here .
Only a few American reporters or scientists examined the Bay of Campeche coast at the time , and the U.S. did n't fund follow - up studies - not even for the oiled mangrove swamps similar to Louisiana 's marshes .
Nor did it help that in the U.S. , Ixtoc 's oil washed up only in Texas - hardly a hotbed of environmentalism , and happy to rub its new oil money in the rest of the country 's face .
Oil on Texas beaches ?
California and New York were n't crying .
But Port Aransas was n't getting rich .
Most of the little town 's businesses were scraping by ; Ixtoc threatened their existence .
Denial was the town 's favorite coping mechanism .
Even as oil coated the beaches , people complained that reporters were making a big deal out of nothing .
" We have tar balls here all the time , " the mayor told the Houston Chronicle .
' Looking for a bright side '
At a time when the barrier islands carried a continuous ribbon of oil , 10 to 15 feet wide - a one - lane road of tar at the tideline - the weekly Port Aransas South Jetty newspaper reported that " local interests , still looking for a bright side , are noting that offshore fishing is still producing pretty good catches , the beaches above the high tide line are still attractive , with some cleaner spots attracting swimmers , and Texas shrimp are still being landed outside the area of the drifting patches of oil . "
A vacation paradise !
Mercifully , the oil did n't make it past the hardy barrier islands and into the fragile bays .
After the current shifted and stopped carrying the goo to Texas , crews scraped the tourist beaches clean .
In September , tides kicked up by Hurricane Frederic washed much of the oil back into the ocean , and sand covered the tar mats dried on the beaches .
The well still had n't been capped , and tar balls would plague our beaches for years .
But almost immediately , the state tourist agency launched a publicity campaign : " The coast is clear . "
It should have seemed ludicrous .
But really , it was n't ludicrous at all .
The agency was simply asking Americans to do what most of them had wanted to do all along :
To forget Ixtoc , even while it was happening .
lisa.gray@chron.com
Obama on the spill : ' I can't suck it up with a straw '
President Obama outlined the limits of his power to handle the oil spill in the latest episode of " West Wing Week , " the casual weekly White House online show .
" Even though I 'm president of the United States , my power is not limitless , " he told Grand Isle , La. , locals in the video , released Friday .
" So I can't dive down there and plug the hole .
I can't suck it up with a straw .
All I can do is make sure that I put honest , hard - working smart people in place ... to implement this thing . "
Scroll to 3:11 in the video to watch .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
May 1st , 2010
And then …
‘ Last Resort ’ Safety Device Failed in Fatal Drilling Incident :
Boots & Coots Inc. of Houston and Amarillo , Texas - based GSM Enterprises Inc. , two of the companies that extinguished hundreds of oil wells in Kuwait set ablaze by retreating Iraqi troops in 1990 , have been brought in to help cap the leaks .
Halliburton ’s timing was pretty good on that acquisition , would n’t you say ?
Via : Domain B :
Halliburton , the world ’s second - largest oil field services company behind Schlumberger , yesterday said it would acquire oil and gas well fire control company Boots & Coots , in a stock and cash deal worth about $ 240 million .
Houston , Texas - based Halliburton said that Boots & Coots stockholders will receive $ 3.00 per share for each share of Boots & Coots common stock they hold , comprised of $ 1.73 in cash and $ 1.27 in Halliburton common stock .
Founded in 1978 and also based in Houston , Boots & Coots provides integrated pressure control services to onshore and offshore oil and gas exploration companies around the world .
Its products and services include well intervention services designed to enhance production for oil and gas operators and its services consist primarily of hydraulic workover and snubbing services .
Boots & Coots ’ equipment services segment provides high pressure , high temperature rental tools .
The company ’s pressure control services are designed to reduce the number and severity of critical events such as oil and gas well fires , blowouts or other incidences due to loss of control at the well .
Boots & Coots had extinguished about one third of the more than 700 oil well fires set by retreating Iraqi soldiers in Kuwait during the infamous Gulf War .
In 2007 , it diversified from emergency response services to well intervention services , which now generates a majority of its revenue .
Following completion of the transaction , Halliburton will create a new product service line to include Halliburton ’s existing coiled tubing and hydraulic workover operations and Boots & Coots ’ intervention services and pressure control business .
Halliburton will retain Boots & Coots ’ management to run the business after it has been integrated as Halliburton Boots & Coots product line .
Marc Edwards , Halliburton ’s senior vice president of completion and production , said , “ Optimising economic production levels in both mature assets and unconventional gas resources requires increasing levels of pressure control and well intervention .
The combination of Halliburton ’s global hydraulic workover and coiled tubing deployed technologies , together with Boots & Coots ’ well intervention and pressure control services will help us improve full life cycle returns for our customers . ”
“ Halliburton ’s legacy of innovation coupled with its integrated service capability complement Boots & Coots ’ focus on delivering a complete portfolio of pressure control and well intervention services , ” said Jerry Winchester , Boots & Coots president and CEO .
“ Combining the resources of both companies creates the premier intervention company across the globe , ” he added .
On the subject of the role of games in disaster preparedness and response , an article , Â “ Masters of Disaster ” from the most recent Wharton Magazine , describes the computer simulation , Quake .
It wasÂ designed by Howard Kunreuther and Robert Meyer ofÂ the Philadelphia school ’s Risk Management and Decision Processes Center , to test ideas about how humans perceive risk .
Amazingly , everyone who has played the game has ended up destroying themselves .
This subject is even more relevant to current events as risk perception and management have become front and center topics in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
In the game , Â Quake players are :
presented with a little icon of a house on a map of a hypothetical country .
They also get a pot of digital cashâ€ ” $ 20,000 .
Players are told at the start of the game that at any time , an earthquake can hit , either severe or mild , and that three to five quakes will hit during the course of the game .
Then all the players have to do , it turns out , is decide what to do with their money : they can pump it into their homes , making them safer by purchasing a series of structural upgrades ( to the chimney , the door frame , the roof , etc. ) or they can leave it in the bank and earn 10 percent interest .
The game unfolds in real time , and up to 10 people can inhabit the same Quake world at one time .
Players can see other peopleâ€™s houses and observe their decisions .
Kanreuther who wrote the excellent book , Â At War With The Weather , last year with his Wharton colleague Erwann O. Michel - Kerjan , has run the simulation in his class for the past four years :
By now , about 500 students have played the game , and every time , they play it essentially the same way .
They tend to begin the game cautiously , spending money to build stronger roofs and walls .
But as the game goes on , they take more risks .
Instead of spending their money to avoid disaster and death , they keep it in the bank to earn interest .
â€ œThey think , â€ ˜Can I get away with the next 30 seconds in the game ? â€™â€ says Meyer .
â€œâ €
˜What are the odds of getting destroyed in the next 30 seconds ?
Well , probably very little .â€ ™
So they think , â€ ˜OK , Iâ€™ll go a minute.â€ ™
And of course eventually they get destroyed .
â€ Meyer and Kunreuther have found that thereâ€™s nothing they can do to prevent the students from destroying themselves .
Even if one of them pulls a student aside and explicitly tells her how to â€œwinâ€ the gameâ€ ” i.e. , by building the strongest house possible , as quickly as possible , and then just sitting on itâ € ” the student still wonâ€™t do it , preferring to rack up those sweet interest payments .
Itâ€™s not like the students donâ€™t know whatâ€™s coming , either .
When asked if they understand whatâ€™s going on , they always say , yeah , they get it : theyâ€™re about to get hit by an earthquake .
So if itâ€™s not stupidity or ignorance , why do the students keep losing ?
Kunreuther and Meyer believe the game demonstrates a psychological bias toward short - term maximization instead of long - term planningâ€ ” a psychological bias all humans share .
Meyer has tried out the Quake simulation with groups of corporate executives , and the results are the same .
The players always see the quake coming , and they always â€œhave a difficult time translating that belief that itâ€™s going to happen to a short - term actionâ€ â€ ” much the same way , in fact , that the government of Haiti failed to adequately prepare for the possibility of a major earthquake .
The Quake players derive a sense of security from observing the flimsiness of one anotherâ€™s houses .
If everyone around you has a house of straw , having a straw house yourself seems somehow safer .
Of course , this is wrong .
The full article can be found here .
For continuous World Cup coverage , check out Mashable 's 2010 World Cup Hub , which will be updated throughout the games .
The dramatic ending to the World Cup match between the USA and Algeria could set a new record for Internet traffic .
We ’ve been watching Akamai ’s Net Usage Index , which tracks visitors per minute on more than 100 of the major news sites in Akamai 's network .
In the minutes following Landon Donovan ’s game winning goal in the 91st minute of action ( which sent the U.S. to the round of 16 ) , traffic spiked to 11.2 million visitors per minute , which moves the event past the 2008 presidential election as the second highest traffic spike of all - time .
Today ’s number was also likely pushed significantly higher because England and Slovenia were also playing a suspenseful World Cup match at the same time .
The plethora of World Cup breaking news briefly knocked Yahoo Sports offline and also caused issues at Twitter –- though the latter has been somewhat of a regular occurrence during the World Cup ( on a related note , tweets containing " USA " spiked to 6 % of total tweet volume ) .
The overall traffic record was set earlier this month during the first day of World Cup action , where traffic exceeded 12 million visitors per minute .
We ’ll wait and see what the final numbers are from Akamai , but for the moment , it looks like Donovan ’s goal will go down in Internet history at least as a solid number two .
Photo : Peter Hapak
Dan Savage and his family , who live in Seattle , spent much of their long New York weekend in typical tourist fashion .
America ’s best - known gay sex columnist ; his Canadian - law husband , Terry Miller ; and their famously adopted 12 - year - old son , Daryl Jude , went to Times Square , where DJ , now in a skater phase — flannel jacket , Justin Bieber hair he ’s forever flipping out of his eyes — skateboarded between gaggles of fellow tourists .
The next day , while Dan worked ( this being a business trip ) , Terry and DJ went to the National Museum of the American Indian .
On Monday night , they caught a show .
Which is when things got weird .
In 1999 , the widely syndicated columnist behind “ Savage Love ” published a memoir , The Kid , about going through an open adoption with Miller .
( They were the first gay - male couple to succeed with their Oregon agency . )
In 2005 , three young writers decided that that nerve - racking emotional roller coaster would be perfect for a musical ( Savage was skeptical ) , and last week , he and his family watched its premiere at the New Group .
“ It ’s hard to tell with him , ” Savage says at intermission , just out of DJ ’s earshot .
“ He said it was weird , and there ’s weird - good and weird - weird .
I think this was weird - weird .
I wish we could all wear burkas tonight . ”
Savage sat between DJ and Terry during the first act of the show , which features sex , fighting , DJ ’s pointedly smelly birth mother , and several anal - sex innuendos .
Every five minutes or so , Savage would turn to one or the other member of his family and whisper , “ Are you okay ? ”
They usually said yes .
DJ giggled loudly at a teabagging joke , smiled when Miller ’s taste in techno music was maligned .
And then , during a reenacted visit from the adoption counselor , a dildo fell out of the couch .
DJ flung his head back , covered his eyes , and groaned .
Savage leaned over and insisted loudly , slowly : “ That .
Did. Not. Happen . ”
Ever since he started “ Savage Love , ” nineteen years ago , Savage has been an advocate of full disclosure .
He still is , when it comes to public discourse , and will carefully explain to you why Elena Kagan should discuss her sexuality .
But when he decided to write The Kid , he began a process he could never quite control — the gradual outing of his family , much to their frequent dismay .
Two hours before we ’re scheduled to meet , Savage sends an e-mail : “ Garbo is up for having dinner with us to prove that this is a marriage and a family , not a hostage situation . ”
He ’s referring to Terry , who is not a recluse ; that would make his gig as a club promoter supremely difficult .
But he is leery when in Savage ’s world .
Miller , who has cropped platinum hair , arrives to dinner wearing skinny jeans and a fitted leather jacket .
He refuses to be quoted ( so does DJ ) and mostly just mutters the occasional aside from his corner of the diner booth .
At one point , while Savage expounds on the politics of gay marriage , Miller and DJ thumb - wrestle .
Miller , who is 39 to Savage ’s 45 , is often mistaken for DJ ’s older brother .
Savage sold musical rights to The Kid without telling Miller , assuming the concept would never get off the ground .
They ’d already run the gauntlet of three projects based on The Kid — two films and a TV series .
Negotiations over an HBO show , meant to air in the prime years of Sex and the City ( “ They needed two series about sex columnists , ” Savage deadpans ) , were a “ horrifying ” experience .
The TV writers once proposed that , during a scene in which Savage and Miller take DJ ’s birth mom out for steak , the Terry character should sneak off for a bathroom quickie with the waiter .
Savage countered , “ If you wanted to do something really true to gay life , have it come out that I know and I do n’t give a shit , because we ’re not psycho like straight people are about that shit . ”
By the time Savage and Miller came in to see the musical ’s read - through , they were nearly burned out on the notion of commercializing their life story .
“ I do n’t think I ’ve ever seen two people more nervous , ” says director and New Group creative head Scott Elliott .
Savage gave them thousands of words of notes ( many were used ) ; several of them were protective of DJ and the birth mother .
Savage , whose career has vacillated between outrageousness and outrage , found himself fighting to control the flow of information .
Much of this has to do with Miller .
“ That ’s the deal in our relationship , ” Savage says .
“ I talk too much and he is mortified and then I remind him that we live in our house because of my mouth . ”
Still , even his relatively meager revelations in “ Savage Love , ” on his blog , and in his podcasts ( all for The Stranger , the Seattle alt - weekly where he is editorial director ) have brought accusations of exploitation .
“ If they only knew how much money we ’ve walked away from ” — for wacky gay - adoption reality shows — “ because we wo n’t exploit [ DJ ] , ” says Savage .
He ’s tried to ensure that a Google Images search for his son yields no results .
“ I like to get on TV and yell at Michael Steele , but I have no desire to be one of the Housewives of Moron County , and neither does Terry . ”
Photo : Joe Corrigan / WireImage
Perhaps reality TV is n’t the right venue for teachable moments that could be easily misconstrued by Savage haters .
Like the time 9 - year - old DJ , who thought girls were icky , jumped to the conclusion that he must be gay , until Miller showed him a photo of himself , surrounded by girls , on his 10th birthday .
“ If you liked girls right now , ” he said , “ that would probably mean you ’re gay . ”
On the way to the premiere ’s after - party at Planet Hollywood in Times Square , DJ emphatically denies he ’ll ever come around to liking musicals — even after Savage ( who adored them at his age ) points out that Green Day has one now .
In the glass - walled bar above the movie - kitsch emporium , actors and New Group bigwigs dote on the family .
The kid cracks as many smiles as he likely ever has at an evening out with his embarrassing parents .
Smiling praise has a way of dragging even shy preteens out of their studied ennui .
“ If he had n’t wanted to be here , we ’d be out like a shot , ” says Savage .
“ He ’d get sullen , he would n’t say a word .
If he ’d said no , we would n’t have come . ”
Then it happens .
The actors playing Dan and Terry pose with their real doppelgängers before a huddle of photographers — at least one of them a professional .
Someone invites DJ into the shot , and he shuffles over .
What happened to the fatwa on Googleable images ?
“ It went out the window , ” says Savage , resigned but blasé .
“ You do n’t want to be impolite . ”
Earlier today , an internal BP document turned up that in a worst - case scenario , Deepwater Horizon could be spewing as much as 100,000 barrels per day into the Gulf .
The estimate of 100,000 barrels ( 4.2 million gallons / 15.9 million liters ) of oil per day is far higher than the current U.S. government estimate of up to 60,000 barrels ( 2.5 million gallons / 9.5 million liters ) per day gushing from the ruptured offshore well into the sea .
The document , which is undated , was released by U.S. Representative Ed Markey , chairman of the energy and environment subcommittee of the House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee .
BP had no immediate comment on the document .
The document can be seen here .
It shows that in a " normal " spill , the well could be spilling as much as 40,000 barrels per day .
The 100,000 figure assumes damage to the well bore .
To understand how serious this is , BP initially claimed the spill was dumping 1,000 barrels per day , then revised that estimate to 5,000 barrels per day .
Any executive at a meeting where this was discussed better have a lawyer on speed dial .
Maywood , a small working - class community south of downtown Los Angeles , plans to lay off all its employees , disband its Police Department and turn over its entire municipal operations to a neighbor — an action that appears to be without precedent among California cities .
Several cities in the state have said that they are close to bankruptcy because of the sharp drop in sales and property tax revenues caused by the deepest recession in decades .
But experts who track California cities say Maywood is the only case they know of in which a city has dismissed all top positions except for the city manager , city attorney and elected officials .
Under the plan adopted by the City Council on Monday night , council members would continue to be paid to set policy , but all services would be contracted out .
“ Most cities would generally maintain a certain workforce , ” said Sam Olivito , head of the California Contract Cities Assn.
Vallejo , in Northern California , filed for bankruptcy in 2008 , but City Hall and the Police Department continued to operate independently .
Maywood officials said they had no choice but to adopt the drastic plan .
Maywood ’s $ 10.1 - million general fund budget has a deficit of at least $ 450,000 , officials said .
Beyond that , the city has been unable to obtain insurance because of a history of lawsuits , many involving its Police Department , which also patrols Cudahy .
Operating without insurance would make even routine government services highly risky .
“ We ’re limited on our choices and limited on what we can do , ” Councilman Felipe Aguirre said .
“ We do n’t want to file for bankruptcy .
We do n’t want to disappear as a city . ”
Aguirre said filing for bankruptcy was not an option for Maywood because its problems were related specifically to insurance coverage and not cash flow .
But during a contentious City Council meeting that stretched late into Monday night , opponents of the plan accused council members of managing the city incompetently by failing to maintain the city ’s insurance coverage .
“ You single - handedly destroyed the city , ” Lizeth Sandoval , the city treasurer , told the City Council .
Last month , the California Joint Powers Insurance Authority notified Maywood that it was terminating general liability and workers ’ compensation coverage because the city posed too high a risk .
A large number of claims filed against the police were a significant factor in that decision .
Jonathan Shull , chief executive officer of the insurance authority , said Maywood was the first city to have its insurance cancelled by the group .
The insurer acted after Maywood failed to make basic improvements the insurer had mandated , including hiring a permanent city manager , he said .
“ Maywood has had a rather challenging loss history in the last few years , ” Shull said .
The action is yet another blow for the predominantly Latino city of 45,000 residents densely packed into about 1.2 square miles in the heavily industrial southeast part of Los Angeles County .
Officials estimate about half the city ’s residents are illegal immigrants .
Under the city ’s plan , the Sheriff ’s Department will take over patrols .
The neighboring city of Bell will take over other municipal services , including staffing Maywood ’s City Hall , saving the city an estimated $ 164,375 a year , officials said .
The changes would take effect July 1 .
Contracting with Bell is the most cost - effective way to ensure that residents still get basic public services , Aguirre said .
“ Our streets will be cleaned , our potholes will be filled , this is not affecting any of that , ” he said .
Maywood ’s acting city manager , Angela Spaccia , declined to comment on the vote .
She also declined to make employees available to talk with the media .
Before taking the Maywood job , she was the assistant city manager of Bell .
Bell Mayor Oscar Hernandez said the deal would be financially beneficial for Bell — though that was not the city ’s only motive .
“ Of course , we want to make a little bit of money , but that ’s not really the point , ” he said .
“ We want to help our neighbor , we want to provide services to our neighbor , and that ’s good enough for us .
“ It ’s sad to see your neighbor ’s house on fire and watch it burn , but we ’re not that kind of city , ” Hernandez said .
Maywood has had a contentious history for years .
In the last decade , shouting matches have erupted during council meetings , election campaigns have been marked by political hit pieces , and even an accusation was made that a city clerk tried to have a councilman killed .
The Police Department has been the focus of troubles as well .
Four years ago , the department faced a political outcry when it began running checkpoints that resulted in hundreds of cars being taken away from unlicensed illegal immigrants .
Critics charged the checkpoints were an attempt to make money off Maywood ’s large illegal immigrant population .
The checkpoint sparked a political movement that brought a new council that was more sympathetic to illegal immigrants .
But Maywood was back in the headlines when it declared itself a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants , making the town a target of conservative talk radio and TV news shows .
ruben.vives@latimes.com
jeff.gottlieb@latimes.com
hector.becerra@latimes.com
I know that I have said that more than half of the job of a U.S. Treasury Secretary is that of being a bond salesman .
But Tim Geithner has a long way to go before he reaches the level of the bond sales campaigns of the Japanese government :
Does this mean that Japan is still very , very far away from the limits of its debt capacity ?
Or very close to them ?
Japan is a somewhat strange country in many ways ...
At Bankrate we strive to help you make smarter financial decisions .
While we adhere to strict editorial integrity , this post may contain references to products from our partners .
Here ’s an explanation for how we make money .
Bankrate ’s editorial team writes on behalf of YOU – the reader .
Our goal is to give you the best advice to help you make smart personal finance decisions .
We follow strict guidelines to ensure that our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers .
Our editorial team receives no direct compensation from advertisers , and our content is thoroughly fact - checked to ensure accuracy .
So , whether you ’re reading an article or a review , you can trust that you ’re getting credible and dependable information .
We value your trust .
Our mission is to provide readers with accurate and unbiased information , and we have editorial standards in place to ensure that happens .
Our editors and reporters thoroughly fact - check editorial content to ensure the information you ’re reading is accurate .
We maintain a firewall between our advertisers and our editorial team .
Our editorial team does not receive direct compensation from our advertisers .
Bankrate follows a strict editorial policy , so you can trust that we ’re putting your interests first .
Our award - winning editors and reporters create honest and accurate content to help you make the right financial decisions .
Bankrate.com is an independent , advertising - supported publisher and comparison service .
We are compensated in exchange for placement of sponsored products and , services , or by you clicking on certain links posted on our site .
Therefore , this compensation may impact how , where and in what order products appear within listing categories .
Other factors , such as our own proprietary website rules and whether a product is offered in your area or at your self - selected credit score range can also impact how and where products appear on this site .
While we strive to provide a wide range offers , Bankrate does not include information about every financial or credit product or service .
We ’re transparent about how we are able to bring quality content , competitive rates , and useful tools to you by explaining how we make money .
Bankrate follows a strict editorial policy , so you can trust that our content is honest and accurate .
Our award - winning editors and reporters create honest and accurate content to help you make the right financial decisions .
The content created by our editorial staff is objective , factual , and not influenced by our advertisers .
You have money questions .
Bankrate has answers .
Our experts have been helping you master your money for over four decades .
We continually strive to provide consumers with the expert advice and tools needed to succeed throughout life ’s financial journey .
Which bank should I choose ?
Get personalized bank recommendations in 3 easy steps .
Get started
Apple ’s big leap into the future , the iPhone X , has launched .
The 10th anniversary edition comes equipped with a high - end screen , Face ID to replace Touch ID and a beefed - up camera .
If you decide to take the plunge — the phone starts at $ 999 — you ’re going to want to add all the best apps .
Here are seven great personal finance apps available for download on the Apple App Store .
It ’s all in the name with this app that launched in January .
Link your bank accounts to the app and get ready to learn a whole lot about how you spend .
One of the coolest features is a tool that scans your purchases for subscriptions .
Once they are catalogued , you can turn off the ones you no longer want , like a subscription to a magazine you never read .
The company also spots outsized monthly expenses and negotiates for a lower rate on your behalf .
( The company takes a third of the money you save if it negotiates you a lower rate . )
You can also link savings apps like Acorns to your Clarity Money account .
The digital banking app , which launched in June , recently added a new cash - flow tool called Varo Forecast .
The feature gives users an overview of their current balances , predicts what their income and bills will be in the coming month and tells users if they are on track to hit their savings goals .
The company wants to help you track your spending through your existing bank accounts , but it also wants to be your bank , too .
The company is in the midst of pursuing a banking charter , but in the meantime has partnered with The Bancorp Bank to offer banking products , including a new savings account that carries a 0.25 percent APY .
Some credit cards offer amazing perks , but if you lack the discipline to keep your balance low , the interest often outweighs the rewards .
Debitize tracks your credit card spending and deducts the amount of your purchases each day from your checking account and puts it in a reserve account .
When your bill comes due , Debitize uses the money it is has been stockpiling to pay your bill .
The service is free , but the company offers additional features for a small fee .
At its core , MoneyLion is lender , but the company is quickly expanding into products that help its customers track their spending and save money .
With the release of Apple iOS 11 , the company added an augmented reality function that lets you visualize your money in stacks .
If you ’re having trouble saving money , the ability to see it in stacks of cash next to the subway platform might help , for example .
The Grow Your Stack feature is only available on iPhones 6s and newer .
If you love to play games on your smartphone , consider playing Long Game to boost your savings .
This type of tool is called “ prize - linked savings ” and it works kind of like a lottery game , but instead of wasting money on scratch - off tickets , you earn chances to win through good savings behavior .
The more you save , the more coins you earn to play games .
Although it seems like gambling , your principal is always protected .
The savings account carries a 0.1 percent APY .
Stash is staking its claim in the growing micro-investing landscape by giving its users a bit more control over where they put their money .
Most investing apps offer users a selection of exchange - traded funds that allow users to set their risk tolerance .
Stash ’s portfolios are oriented around risk appetite , as well , but the platform also lets users get more specific by picking things like clean - energy companies or those that are committed to equality .
The service costs $ 1 per month for accounts under $ 5,000 ; it charges an annual fee of 0.25 percent of the account value for larger accounts .
Digit analyzes your spending from your checking account and then makes small withdrawals to help you build savings .
While some savings apps rely on rounding up transactions to the nearest dollar , how much Digit moves depends on how you ’re spending that month .
The company charges $ 2.99 a month for the service after the first 100 days , but its savings account offers a 1 percent annualized savings bonus when you save for three consecutive months .
When you ’re ready to tap your savings , just text Digit “ withdraw ” with the amount and the set amount will be transferred back into your checking account in one business day .
Two mad geniuses have invented a rocket car , powered only by the dark magic of Mentos and soda .
It 's already the second - most popular vehicle class in the country , ahead of open - wheeled racing .
Advertisement
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday called on human rights activists who participate in Gaza - bound flotillas to sail to Tehran instead , where he says real human rights violations exist .
Open gallery view Activists aboard an aid convoy bound for Gaza , May 30 , 2010 Credit : Reuters
" I call on all human rights activists in the world - go to Tehran , that 's where there is a human rights violation , " said Netanyahu during his meeting with the Austrian Chancellor , Werner Faymann , in which he discussed Israel 's ease of the Gaza blockade and flotillas planning on breaching Israel 's Gaza blockade .
" Today , after we lifted the civilian blockade of Gaza there is no reason or justification for further flotillas , " he said .
" These flotillas are organized by those who oppose peace , not those who support it .
These people just want to break the security blockade . "
Netanyahu also said that the list of items forbidden to enter Gaza will be published in the coming days .
Earlier on Wednesday , during a Knesset discussion on Israel 's collapsing international status , Netanyahu warned that Israel 's legitimacy is being attacked .
" We know that the attacks on Israel are threatening its existence , since we constantly hear people saying ' go back to Poland or Morocco ' .
They are essentially telling us to dismantle the Zionist enterprise . "
Netanyahu went on to criticize the United Nations and other international institutions for targeting Israel alone for condemnation .
" They want to strip us of the natural right to defend ourselves .
When we defend ourselves against rocket attack , we are accused of war crimes .
We cannot board sea vessels when our soldiers are being attacked and fired upon , because that is a war crime . "
Open gallery view Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a weekly cabinet meeting in his Jerusalem office on June 13 , 2010 Credit : Getty Images
" They are essentially saying that the Jewish nation does not have the right to defend itself against the most brutal attacks and it does n't have the right to prevent additional weapons from entering territories from which it is attacked , " he said .
Netanyahu stressed that Israel has taken steps to push forward a resolution with the Palestinians though they have not reciprocated the gesture .
" The Palestinian side promoted the Goldstone report , organized boycotts , and tried to prevent our entrance into the OECD .
The Palestinian Authority has no intentions of engaging in direct talks with us , " Netanyahu exclaimed .
" I call on [ PA President Mahmoud ]
Abbas , yet again , to enter direct talks with us , because there is no other way to solve the conflict between us without direct dialogue .
How could we possibly live side by side if they can't even enter the same room as us ? "
Also during the discussion , Kadima MK Dalia Itzik called on Netanyahu to form a unity government with Kadima .
" If you truly want to form a unity government , a new government in line with the people of Israel , you should understand that what matters is not Likud or Kadima , not your ego or our ego , not you or me , but what should guide us is the good of the country , " she said .
Earlier , Balad MK Hanin Zuabi , who took part in the Gaza - bound aid flotilla raided by the IDF on May 31 , accused fellow MKs of hypocrisy for attacking her for her criticism of the blockade of Gaza .
" I was attacked personally and politically , but two weeks later the prime minister decided to end the civilian blockade of Gaza , " she said .
" Three weeks ago , I spoke on this podium , after nine people were killed to preserve the blockade .
And now , after the prime minister ends the civilian blockade , as he calls it , no one yelled , no one even said a word . "
Portugal captain Cristiano Ronaldo ended his two - year wait for an international goal as his side ripped North Korea apart to secure their first win of this World Cup in style .
The two sides were only separated by Raul Meireles ' goal at half - time , but Portugal produced a scintillating attacking display after the break to score six goals and spark their tournament into life , while ending North Korea 's hopes of progressing .
Simao , Hugo Almeida and Tiago found the net in the space of seven minutes to end any hopes of a North Korean comeback , before Liedson , Ronaldo and a second from Tiago completed a similar quick - fire salvo at the end of the game .
This was a re-run of one of the most famous matches in World Cup history , 44 years on from the memorable day when North Korea led 3 - 0 before being overhauled by a four - goal Eusebio blast .
Despite a lively start by North Korea , Portugal did not have to mount any sort of comeback to win this time , but they will savour the victory just the same , especially as their much - improved goal difference makes them favourites to follow Brazil in qualifying from Group G .
With Brazil to play in their final group game , Carlos Queiroz 's side badly needed all three points and , from the start , they came forward with far more intent than during their opening draw with Ivory Coast .
Ricardo Carvalho came closest to making an early breakthrough when Korean goalkeeper Ri Myong - Guk got nowhere near a corner and the Portugal defender headed against the frame of the unguarded goal .
But North Korea were also looking far more adventurous than they had in their first match and , while they were a lot less secure at the back , they gave Portugal a few scares at the other end too .
Cha Jong - Hyok saw his powerful shot swerve wide after a neat build - up , while Mun In - Guk headed the follow - up over after Eduardo parried Hong Yong - Jo 's cross - shot from the right .
To their credit , Portugal kept their composure and although at this stage Ronaldo was only an occasional menace down the left flank rather than the unstoppable force he would later become , they continued to look the more dangerous side , especially on the break .
Their first goal , when it arrived after 29 minutes , was one of beauty - with Tiago slipping a precise through ball into the path of Meireles , who tucked a low shot past Ri Myong - Guk .
While North Korea did not crumble instantly , their defensive disorganisation meant they were lucky not to concede further goals before the break , only to completely collapse after it .
Simao opened the floodgates when he finished off a neat move between Meireles and Hugo Almeida , and Almeida quickly made it 3 - 0 when he headed home Fabio Coentrao 's cross .
By now Ronaldo had woken up too , and he set up Tiago to slot home his first goal from the edge of the area before almost making number five with a perfectly weighted cross that Almeida could not quite convert .
The £ 80 m Real Madrid winger seemed determined to get on the scoresheet himself and smashed a rasping shot against the bar before Liedson did make it 5 - 0 with a thumping finish after Ri Kwang - Chon 's mistake .
Then came the moment most of the Portuguese fans in Cape Town had been waiting for , when Ronaldo capitalised on a defensive mistake , skipped past Ri Myong - Guk and , after bringing the ball down using his neck , turned it home .
Tiago 's late header from Miguel Veloso 's cross added a seventh goal and gave the final score an even more emphatic appearance , and one that reflected Portugal 's total dominance .
Portugal will top the group by beating Brazil and even if they were to lose and Ivory Coast win it is likely Queiroz 's side would go through , owing to a much better goal difference .
Kenya 's long - awaited biosafety law is likely to become operational this month — well over a year after its president approved the legislation .
President Mwai Kibaki signed off parliament 's approval of the biosafety legislation in February 2009 , after a decade of controversy about the advisability of allowing the commercialisation of genetically modified organisms .
Last month , agriculture minister William Ruto confirmed that the biosafety guidelines had been finalised .
Now , Harrison Macharia — chief science secretary of the newly created National Biosafety Authority ( NBA ) — confirmed to SciDev .
Net that the gazetting of the bill , and thus its official commencement date , will happen this month .
Kenya will become the fourth African country to implement such legislation , after Burkina Faso , Egypt and South Africa .
Muo Kasina , principal research officer at the Kenya Agricultural Research Institute said that research that has so far been held back because of a lack of legislation will now be able to undergo open field trials , and mass production of GMOs will attract more investment .
He added that the regulations will encourage transgenic research and help address the country 's brain drain .
" Having the biosafety regulations in place will ensure the products meet standards for commercialisation and provide the basis for product stewardship , " said Kasina .
" This will have a positive impact on the commercialisation of such products since they will be assessed under the expected conditions of their use . "
The Africa Biotechnology Stakeholders Forum 's senior programmes officer , Felix M'mboyi , said its members are planning to carry out open field trials with GM crops , including BT cotton and maize , later this year .
But Ann Kingiri — a plant pathologist who recently completed a PhD on Kenya 's biosafety system at the UK - based Open University — said that although Kenya has the scientific capacity to steer itself towards the transgenic path , its regulatory and institutional capacities are not as well equipped to cope with the flow of technology expected to come with the commercial production of GMOs .
" Institutional capacity respective to regulatory agencies needs to be streamlined to , for instance , handle the hurdles involved in lengthy seed certification process , " she said .
" The NBA also needs to train and employ biosafety officers to ensure it operates independently . "
" Kenya is blessed with a rich diversity of species , including a rich agro- biodiversity on rural subsistence farms , " said Dino Martins , a researcher with Nature Kenya — the East Africa Natural History Society .
" The new technologies require very sophisticated analysis and tools and systems that Kenya , as a developing country , just does not have and cannot afford . "
And Miriam Kinyua , a biotechnologist at Moi University , Kenya , called on the NBA board to acknowledge its ignorance in some of the areas it will now have to work on .
Kenya should not rush into the production of GMOs because it still lacks adequate capacity to deal safely with technologies associated with it , she said .
" [ Allowing GMOs ] depends on whether we will work with propaganda or facts , " she told SciDev. Net . "
I expect the responsible board to be guided by facts as we try to put structures in place and strengthen the existing ones . "
May 24 , 2010 --
An environmental group is once again questioning the effectiveness and safety of top - selling sunscreens , claiming that many contain potentially hazardous ingredients and make exaggerated claims .
In its fourth annual Sunscreen Guide , the Environmental Working Group ( EWG ) evaluated 500 sunscreens and found only 8 % to be acceptable .
EWG Senior Vice President for Research Jane Houlihan called most of the best - selling sunscreens in the U.S. “ the equivalent of modern - day snake oil , ” claiming they do not protect as well as they say they do and may be dangerous .
The group is specifically warning against high - SPF sunscreens , which Houlihan says promote a false sense of security for users .
The EWG also warns against products that have little or no protection against ultraviolet A ( UVA ) rays and products that contain the vitamin A derivative retinyl palmitate , which has been linked to the accelerated growth of skin lesions in some lab animal studies .
Representatives for the sunscreen industry strongly disputed the group ’s claims , and a dermatologist interviewed by WebMD called the claims unsubstantiated .
“ EWG is kind of the Chicken Little of the sunscreen arena , ” St. Petersburg , Fla. , dermatologist James Spencer , MD , tells WebMD .
“ There is no evidence that the active ingredients in sunscreens are dangerous .
These are products used by millions of people every day .
There is real danger all around us , and one very real danger is skin cancer and skin aging from sun exposure . ”
John Robb is a globally - recognized author , technologist , and
entrepreneur specializing in the complex systems of insurgency and
asymmetrical warfare .
His book , Brave
New War , is an Amazon best - seller and established his expertise as
a researcher & military consultant .
He has been featured in the New
York Times , The Economist , and the Wall Street Journal .
His daily
thoughts are collected on his blog , Global Guerrillas .
I asked him some questions about his work , our times , and the shifting
landscape of governance & power …
In your book Brave New War you explore the changing nature
of warfare .
What are some recent examples of insurgency , resource
conflicts , or terrorism that you feel best illustrate this new
landscape ?
Here 's an interesting story that may do the trick .
Back in 2004 , the
US military was getting trounced in guerrillas in Iraq .
Worse , the US
military establishment did n't know why .
Did n't have a clue .
To correct
this , I began to write about how 21st Century warfare actually worked
on my blog , Global Guerrillas .
Essentially , I concluded that guerrilla
groups could use open source organizational models ( drawn from the
software industry ) , networked super - empowerment ( freely available high
tech tools , network information access , connections to a globalized
economy ) , and systems disruption ( the targeting of critical points on
infrastructure networks that cause cascading failures ) to defeat even
the most powerful of opponents , even a global superpower .
The new theories of warfare I developed on the blog proved both
predictive and very popular .
As a result , I spent a lot of time on the
speaking circuit in Washington DC ( DoD , CIA , NSA , etc. ) .
Of course ,
since my work was on a blog everyone could read it , even the
guerrillas themselves .
So , it was a little surprising although not
unexpected when I got an e-mail in 2009 from Henry Okah , a leader of MEND ( the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ) .
He invited me to Nigeria and stated that he was an avid reader of my
blog .
It was a moment out of history , as if the UK's General Liddell Hart
( the originator of blitzkrieg armored warfare ) got a note from
Germany 's tank General Heinz Guderian in 1939 , thanking him for his
work .
Here 's why : MEND 's campaign against Shell ( the oil company ) and
the Nigerian government between 2006 and 2008 was a great example of
how I thought 21st Century warfare would be fought .
The organization
structure was loose and organized along the lines of an open source
movement .
Lots of small autonomous groups joined together to take down
the country 's oil infrastructure by targeting vulnerable points in the
network ( Nigeria is a major global oil exporter ) .
During 2007 , they
were able to take out one million barrels a day of oil production .
This shortfall was the reason oil prices rose to $ 147 a barrel .
Those
high prices had a negative global economic impact : the start of a
global recession and a spike in default rates in US sub - prime
mortgages ( due to higher driving and food costs ) .
That spike in
sub - prime mortgage default rates radically accelerated the demise of
our grossly over leveraged global financial sector , which in turn led
to the financial panic of 2008 .
In short , MEND 's disruption campaign , yielded tens of trillions of
dollars in global economic damage for tens of thousands of dollars
spent on making the attacks .
That 's a return on investment ( ROI ) of
1,000,000,000 % .
How do nation - states survive when an unknown guerrilla
group in a remote corner of the world can generate returns on that
magnitude ?
They do n't .
The United States is suffering both the economic decline of
its industry and the ongoing dismantling of the social welfare
apparatus supporting the citizenry .
In your opinion , will this
inevitably lead to some form of armed insurgency in America ?
Yes .
The establishment of a predatory and deeply unstable global
economic system – beyond the control of any group of nations – is in
the process of gutting developed democracies .
Think in terms of the
2008 crisis , over and over again .
Most of what we consider normal in
the developed world , from the middle class lifestyle to government
social safety nets , will be nearly gone in less than a decade .
Most
developed governments will be in and out of financial insolvency .
Democracy , as we knew it , will wither and the nation - state bureaucracy
will increasingly become an enforcer for the global bond market and
kleptocratic transnational corporations .
Think Argentina , Greece ,
Spain , Iceland , etc .
As a result , the legitimacy of the developed
democracies will fade and the sense of betrayal will be pervasive
( think in terms of the collapse of the Soviet Union ) .
People will
begin to shift their loyalties to any local group that can provide for
their daily needs .
Many of these groups will be crime fueled local
insurgencies and militias .
In short , the developed democracies will
hollow out .
How big of a domestic threat is there from the
narco - insurgency in Mexico and the growing power of Latin American
gangs in America ?
Very big .
A threat that dwarfs anything we face in Afghanistan ( a
useless money pit of a war ) .
It 's not a threat that can be solved by
conventional military means , since the problem is that Mexico is a
hollow state .
Unlike a failed state like Somalia ( utter chaos ) , a
hollow state still retains the facade of a nation ( borders ,
bureaucracy , etc. ) .
However , a hollow state does n't exert any
meaningful control over the countryside .
It 's not only that the state
ca n't do it militarily , they do n't have anything they can offer
people .
So , instead , control is ceded to local groups that can provide
basic levels of opt - in security , minimal services , and jobs via new
connections to the global economy – think in terms of La Familia in
Michoacana .
The real danger to the US is that not only will these groups expand
into the US ( they already have ) , it is that these groups will
accelerate the development of similar homegrown groups in the US as
our middle class evaporates .
Do you see a diminishing role for the state in large - scale
governance ?
Does this compel communities to do it for
themselves ?
Yes , large scale governance is on the way out .
Not only are nearly all
governments financially insolvent , they can't protect citizens from a
global system that is running amok .
As services and security begin to
fade , local sources of order will emerge to fill the void .
Hopefully ,
most people will opt to take control of this process by joining
together with others to build resilient communities that can offer the
independence , security , and prosperity that is n't offered by the
nation - state anymore .
However , this is something you will have to
build for yourself .
Nobody is going to help you build it .
In what ways are the new methods of insurgency & terror
instructive towards building strategies for resiliency ?
Here are a few of the parallels :
* Powerful technologies .
Inexpensive tools that make it possible
to produce locally what it used to take a global economy to produce .
* Networks .
The ability to draw on the ideas of hundreds of
thousands of people working on the same problems through open source
tinkering networks .
The ability to create new economic networks that
accelerate prosperity .
You 're currently writing a book about local resiliency .
What are the primary global drivers behind your interest in
resiliency ?
Yes , I am .
It 's about building resilient communities .
Communities that
offer energy independence , food security , economic prosperity , and
protection .
What are the global drivers that make resiliency
important ?
Simply : stability , prosperity , and security is going away .
You will soon find you are on your own , if you have n't already .
If you
do nothing , you will suffer the predations of gangs , militias , and
corrupt bureaucracies that will fill the void left by retreating
nation - states .
If you want to avoid this fate , you can build resilient
communities that not only allow you and your family to survive intact ,
but to thrive .
My goal with my new book , is to provide people with a
road map on how to build resilient communities from scratch .
What is the core messages you have to communities about
preparing for the coming age ?
Produce everything you can locally .
Virtualize everything else .
The
value of your home will be based on the ability of your community to
offer energy independence , food security , economic vitality , and
protection .
Survivalist stockpiles and zero footprint frugality are
pathways to failure .
Think in terms of vibrant local economic
ecosystems that are exceedingly efficient , productive , and bountiful .
Oh , right .
Inspiration .
The thing is , some timeless classics were n't made based on any of those .
No , these beloved works came about for crass , petty , tasteless , spiteful , greedy or just plain lazy reasons .
Like ...
Inspiration can come from a variety of places : drugs , God , nature , beauty , love or even drugs .
Wait , what were we talking about again ?
5 The Simpsons
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Simpsons are like having a shitty house guest who also happens to be Mahatma Gandhi .
Sure , they can't take the hint that it 's time to leave , but you can't exactly kick them out .
They 've made some very important to contributions society - hey !
Would it kill you to use a coaster , Mahatma ?
This is oak , man .
Jesus .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But let 's just be clear : this show has given us some of the funniest moments in television history .
Bart was named one the 100 most important people in the 20th century .
The Sunday Times once declared Homer Simpson " the greatest comic creation of our time . "
But it Only Exists Because ...
When producer James L. Brooks asked Matt Groening to pitch an idea for a series of animated shorts , The Simpsons was n't his first choice .
He had n't even thought of it yet ; he originally intended to adapt his Life in Hell comic strip :
Somehow " Jeff is the greatest comic creation of all time " just does n't have the same ring .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
However , while sitting in the lobby of Brooks 's office , it suddenly occurred to Groening that for the shorts to be made , he would have to give up the copyright to his most beloved creation .
Panicking , he picked up a yellow notepad and quickly " made up these other characters [ he ] did n't really care about . "
The result :
Note : Since Iron Man 2 debuts in the U.S. this weekend and we had a question the other day about character and plot , I thought it was apropos to reach into GITS ‘ wayback ’ machine for this post .
justwrite7 posed a question : “ How does one balance character and plot in a plot - driven script , ” in particular for the action genre .
That goes straight to the oft - repeated conundrum : character or plot , when it should probably go plot from character .
But before we go there , let ’s start with one of the great icons of action - dramas Clint Eastwood .
You hear a lot of stories about Eastwood in Hollywood .
It ’s been said that whenever he reads a script in preparation for an acting gig , his favorite tool is a red pen , as he trims ( red- lines ) dialogue , sometimes by as much as half .
That would suggest he ’s less interested in character , right ?
Well , how about this story , which may or may not be true as I ’ve never seen the supposed movie in question to verify it ( maybe someone here has ) .
As the story goes , Clint was making one of those spaghetti westerns he shot in Italy in the mid-6os , one in which he played a ruthless gunman .
Opening scene : A long shot of Clint atop his horse , riding through parched terrain .
Finally reaches a watering hole , revealing both he and his horse are covered with dust — they ’ve been riding a long time .
Stiff , Clint works his way off the horse and makes for the water .
His lips parched and cracked , he takes off his hat and scoops it into the cool , clear water , raises the hat … then holds it out so the horse can drink first .
Now tell me that Clint does n’t know a thing or two about character .
He ’s a bad guy in the movie , but he knows very well the viewer has to connect with the character in some way .
What better gesture than for Clint ’s character to extend this kindness to his horse ?
Talk about instant sympathy !
And he pulls it off without any dialogue .
What ’s my point ?
If readers are saying they “ want more character , ” a writer should not confuse that to mean , “ I need to spend more time letting my characters talk about their feelings . ”
As justwrite7 says , “ The problem with my exposition is that it always sounds like exposition . ”
That ’s not just your problem ; it ’s a universal issue because exposition is basically information and facts , which is why one of my writing mantras is , “ Exposition = Death . ”
As the story about Clint demonstrates , it is possible for a character to express aspects of their persona through actions .
Let me zero in with this question : is the critique from your readers about all your characters or is it mostly / usually about the Protagonist ?
It could be that you need to dig a bit deeper into all your characters , then expose a bit more of them on the page .
However , I suspect the issue may be primarily with your Protagonist .
The Protagonist is almost always the single most important character in a movie .
They are the character who typically goes through the biggest personal transformation , the most difficult challenges , more often than not confronting a Nemesis character .
Not only that , one of the Protagonist ’s key functions from a storytelling perspective is they are the conduit for a reader to enter into the narrative , the ‘ eyes ’ through which the reader ‘ sees ’ the events of the story as they unfold .
So when I hear a comment like , “ The story needs more character depth ” or “ It feels episodic , ” the problem can be that the reader simply does n’t care enough about the story ’s Protagonist .
One of a screenwriters primary goals is to get the reader to become emotionally involved with the Protagonist .
And in an action script , it ’s almost always a requisite that the reader feel sympathy , or at least empathy for the Protagonist .
Therefore , it ’s critical for the writer to dig into the psychological life of their characters , especially the Protagonist , their Internal World which is comprised of emotions , feelings , memories , needs , patterns of behavior , defense mechanisms , truths , half - truths , lies , and so forth .
A writer needs to source as much of that as possible in order to understand the character , but that does not mean , particularly for an action movie , you have to blurt all of that psychological ‘ stuff ’ in the story .
Rather , look for key dynamics , especially archetypal elements at work .
We already talked about Iron Man , a good superhero- action movie , so let ’s look at that story ’s Protagonist figure , Tony Stark , played by Robert Downey Jr. What do we learn about Tony through that ‘ newsreel ’ upfront ?
That his father was a titan of the business community , founding Stark Enterprises , a company that developed , manufactured , and sold weapons .
That young Tony was a whiz with electronics , mechanical engineering , and computers at a very early age .
That Tony was accepted to MIT when he 15 and graduated at the top of his class .
And that he inherited Stark Enterprises when his father died unexpectedly .
Okay , based upon that raw data , let ’s explore some possibilities of what might be going on in Tony ’s Internal World .
First , why did Tony excel at electronics , machinery , and computers so young ?
Perhaps that instinct is in his genes .
Or is n’t it also feasible that young
Tony pushed himself to excel in order to gain his father ’s praise , perhaps even his father ’s attention ?
Being the President and CEO of an international corporation , it seems likely Tony ’s father was away a good bit of the time , maybe one of those businessmen who had little time for his family .
In any event , his father ’s shadow fell deeply and darkly across young Tony and was a contributing factor to who he became .
And what has he become when we first meet him in the movie ?
He jet - sets around the world .
He is cocksure about everything he does .
He is impulsive .
He is a pleasure - seeker , especially when it comes to women , and a thrill - seeker as well .
He is always on the go and perpetually behind schedule due to his self - consumption .
He is a driven businessman , relishing and enjoying the most extreme perks as he travels through life .
That ’s all what see through his actions and hear through his dialogue in the External World .
But how might we interpret what is going on in Tony ’s Internal World as an adult ?
In my view , I think Tony is a deeply conflicted person who is struggling to repress feelings of loss , anger , and guilt about his father : loss that his father is dead , perhaps even a deeper loss that his father was never much there for Tony when he was a boy and growing up ; anger over his father leaving Tony with his father ’s legacy , the business ; and guilt about feeling anger toward his father .
I suspect Tony has a love - hate relationship with his father just as it turns out he has a love - hate relationship with Stark Enterprises .
And I do n’t think it ’s a stretch to look at Tony ’s seemingly ego- maniacal , pleasure and thrill - seeking behavior as simply his ongoing attempts to avoid dealing with his internal conflicts .
Oh , Scott , you ’ve gone way too far with this psycho - babble take !
Perhaps I have gone overboard .
But puzzle me this : if Tony is n’t a deeply conflicted person ‘ inside ’ , at least having some measure of antipathy toward making weapons , how is it that he switches world views from ‘ hawk ’ to ‘ dove ’ on a dime ?
Sure , he was kidnapped , he bonded with Yinsen , but the seeds of those experiences and Yinsen ’s ‘ wisdom ’ have to find some receptive ‘ soil ’ in which to grow .
I do n’t think it ’s a stretch to suggest that the makings of Tony ’s turnaround were already ‘ inside ’ him as a result of the experiences of his youth and growing up .
If you do n’t buy my argument , at least suspend your skepticism and allow me to run with my thesis one step further to ask — so what is “ Iron Man ? ”
In my view , the symbolic and ‘ emotional ’ meaning of Tony inside the Iron Man suit is about synthesis , Tony ’s attempt , even if he ’s not aware of it consciously , to reconcile with his father — the Iron Man suit symbolically Tony ’s father and Tony inside symbolically his young child - self .
How convenient because at the end of the story , when he goes against orders and announces , “ I am Iron Man , ” is n’t he claiming that synthesis ?
But there is still a tension : can he use violence , the means of his father , to counteract violence , as opposed to his initial turnaround response , which was to stop making weapons ?
That ’s a nice tension to have for the umpteen sequels we ’ll doubtless see from this smash - hit franchise .
So we ’ve gone from Clint Eastwood to Iron Man and what have we learned ?
Perhaps that I ’m full of it !
Setting aside my specific analysis of Iron Man , two things : ( 1 ) Dig deeper into your characters , most especially your Protagonist , making sure that you do what you can to get the reader emotionally invested in them ; ( 2 ) When digging around your Protagonist ’s Internal World , look for core psychological and emotional dynamics , not so much the events that may have happened to them , i.e. , their father died unexpectedly , but rather the Protagonist ’s key responses to those events .
If you can zero in on those deep , underlying emotional strains at work in the Protagonist ’s inner psyche , you will likely find what you need to give your script “ more character . ”
[ Originally posted 5/21/08 ]
Comment Archive
By Chris Morris
BBC News , Ganne , Uttar Pradesh
Children in Ganne have to eat dried mud and silica " We live on a day - to - day basis , " Suraj says , as the faint sound of hammering echoes across the village .
" What we earn is what we spend on our families in a day . "
In Ganne , just off the main road about an hour south of the city of Allahabad , this is a simple fact of life .
It is home to members of a poor tribal community , who live in small huts clustered around a series of shallow quarries .
Inside one of the huts sits a little girl called Poonam .
She is three years old , and in the early stages of kidney failure .
Like many children in Ganne she has become used to eating bits of dried mud and silica , which she finds in the quarry .
Tiny children chew on the mud simply because they are hungry - but it is making them ill .
When reports first emerged of children eating mud here local officials delivered more food and warned the villagers not to speak to outsiders .
But Poonam 's father , Bhulli , is close to despair .
What can we do ?
We eat the mud from the quarry when we feel hungry
Phulkari
Villager " What can I say , " he shrugs .
" We ca n't afford to eat properly , so how can I afford to buy medicines for her ? "
" I am really worried about my daughter , but I do n't know what to do next .
The poor need the government 's help - if we had it , we would n't be in such a desperate state . "
People like Bhulli and Suraj make their money filling lorries with bits of rock .
It takes about eight hours for five men to fill one load .
They carry the stones up from the quarry in plastic washing - up bowls balanced on their heads .
One of the women in the village , Phulkari , approaches to tell us about her little boy .
" My son 's name is Suraj , and he 's started eating mud too , " she says .
" What can we do ?
We eat the mud from the quarry when we feel hungry . "
" Where do we get the money ? " she asks .
" We usually eat food only once a day .
Last night we went to bed without eating anything at all . "
Food protests
The World Bank estimates that one third of all the very poorest people in the world live in India , and stories like those from Ganne have now inspired a national Right To Food campaign .
There have been protest rallies in the heart of Delhi , as the Indian parliament prepares to debate a new Food Security Bill .
It will dictate how many people in the country get access to massively subsidised food grain .
There 's no doubt that India should be able to afford to feed its people .
But the devil is in the detail .
" It 'll only cost the government about 1.2 % of GDP to universalize a system of giving food for all , cheap food for all , " says Kavitha Srivastava , the national coordinator of the Right to Food campaign .
" They can do it , if they have the political will .
It 's prioritising - where do you want to put the money ? "
" We think it should go in building people 's nutrition levels .
You can't have a country which is weak , which is hungry , which is anaemic .
How can you have a nation like this ? "
Now the government seems to be prepared to accept a new way of defining poverty , which will increase the number of people below the poverty line by more than 100 million to about 372 million .
If you simply throw money at this problem ... you 'll have to throw four times the amount to get the result you want .
And the government of India can't afford that .
Dr Kaushik Basu
Finance ministry economic advisor
If international poverty standards were used , the number would be much higher still - and some Indian economists believe it should be .
But whichever figure is used , the poverty line feels like a rather fictitious divide because feeding more than a billion people is a massive logistical exercise .
Vast quantities of food provided by the state go missing every day because of corruption and theft .
" Food ought to be a right , " says Dr Kaushik Basu , the Chief Economic Advisor at India 's Ministry of Finance .
" And I believe this is a movement in the correct direction . "
" But what worries me at times is that we 're being too glib and quick about the delivery mechanism . "
Official estimates are that right across the country 75 % of subsidised grain does not make it to the intended target in villages like Ganne .
" So if you simply throw money at this problem , you 'll have to throw four times the amount to get the result you want , " says Dr Basu .
" And the government of India can't afford that .
The budget will go bust . "
In other words , the delivery system needs to be reformed as well - and corrupt local officials need to be taken to task .
There is a long way to go .
Daunting challenge Jean Dreze , a highly respected Belgian - born academic who has worked in India for many years , points out that the current debate is only about the most basic levels of food intake .
There are fair price shops where people can buy subsidised foodgrain " For a family of five to have reasonably good nutrition , nothing like meat or fish or any such thing , but just one egg per person per day , one banana , some dhal , some vegetables , a reasonably balanced diet - it would cost more than 200 rupees ( $ 4.4 ; £ 3 ) per family per day , " he says .
And that is far more than the amounts being discussed at the moment .
It is a sobering reminder that feeding India is a daunting challenge - the government knows it , and the prime minister says it must be a priority .
But the Right to Food Campaign insists they are not doing enough .
The Indian economy continues to grow at impressive speed , and there is no shortage of food in the country .
It just is n't reaching the people who need it most , on a consistent basis .
So in Ganne they continue to eat mud .
And without finding a solution here in India , the world will come nowhere near the targets it has set itself for reducing global poverty .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Peasant Movement of Papay , a group of Haitian farmers , has committed to burning 60,000 seed sacks ( 475 tons ) of hybrid corn and vegetable seeds donated by Monsanto in the wake of the devastating earthquake earlier this year .
Peasant Movement of Papay leader Chavannes Jean - Baptiste called Monsanto ’s donation “ a new earthquake ” and called for a march to protest the corporation ’s presence in Haiti for World Environment Day .
The National Peasant Movement of the Congress of Papay sent an open letter on May 14 signed by Jean - Baptiste .
The letter called Monsanto ’s presence in Haiti , “ a very strong attack on small agriculture , on farmers , on biodiversity , on Creole seeds … , and on what is left of our environment in Haiti . ”
In addition to MPNKP and MPP , other Haitian social movements have advocated in opposition to agribusiness imports of seeds and food .
The groups have expressed strong concern regarding the importation of genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) as they undermine local production of local seed stocks .
Haitian law does not prohibit the use of GMOs within the country , but the Ministry of Agriculture rejected Monsanto ’s offer to donate Roundup Ready seeds .
As a result of these actions , a representative from Monsanto responded to the Ministry of Agriculture via email to assure that donated seeds would not be GMO .
Monsanto is internationally known for aggressively pushing its seed products , specifically GMO seeds .
The use of seeds also usually includes highly restrictive technology agreements between the company and farmers , who groups opposed to the use of GMOs claim are not always fully made aware of what they are signing .
GMO - opposed groups claim that by signing these agreements , small farmers are forced to buy Monsanto seeds each year under conditions they often find onerous and at high costs that they cannot afford .
The corn seed product Monsanto donated to Haiti has been treated with the fungicide Maxim XO , while the calypso tomato seeds were treated with thiram .
Thiram is a highly toxic chemical belonging to the ethylene bisdithiocarbamates ( EBDCs ) class .
Upon U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) tests on the EBDC ’s , the EPA deemed any EBDC - treated plants so dangerous to agricultural workers , that they are now mandated to wear protective clothing when handling them .
The EPA ruled that pesticides that contain thiram must have a special warning label .
In addition , the EPA also banned marketing of aforementioned chemicals for home garden products as it is assumed that most home gardeners do not own adequately protective clothing .
Social movements in Haiti consider the offer from Monsanto detrimental to the local economy .
“ People in the U.S. need to help us produce , not give us food and seeds .
They ’re ruining our chance to support ourselves , ” said farmer Jonas Deronzil of a peasant cooperative in the rural region of Verrettes .
Monsanto has been criticized for its role in environmental , health , and farming ills .
The company ’s Agent Orange caused cancer in a large number of U.S. Veterans .
The Vietnamese government claims that 400,000 of their citizens were either killed or disabled as a result of Agent Orange , while 500,000 children were born with birth defects as a result of exposure .
Seed giants Syngenta , Dupont and Bayer , and Monsanto control more than half of the world ’s seed patents .
Monsanto retains almost 650 seed patents , most of which are for cotton , corn , and soy .
The company also owns almost 30 percent of the share of all biotechnology research and development .
“ Fighting hybrid and GMO seeds is critical to save our diversity and our agriculture , ” Jean - Baptiste said in an interview in February .
“ We have the potential to make our lands produce enough to feed the whole population and even to export certain products .
The policy we need for this to happen is food sovereignty , where the county has a right to define it own agricultural policies , to grow first for the family and then for local market , to grow healthy food in a way which respects the environment and Mother Earth . ”
Fans of “ Jimmy Kimmel Live ” are in for a very special episode Tuesday evening .
As detailed in an announcement on the Jimmy Kimmel Live Facebook page , a power outage shut down filming of the show an hour before taping .
With guests and a studio audience waiting , Jimmy Kimmel rose to the challenge , recording the entire show using only his MacBook ’s iSight Webcam .
Airing at 12:05 AM eastern time ( which , technically , would make Wednesday ) , the episode will feature all - Webcam interviews with guests Seth Rogen , John Henson , and country star Dierks Bentley , who improvised an acoustic performance for the occasion .
The Jimmy Kimmel Live Facebook page has posted a handful of photos documenting the unconventional shoot .
The reaction by the show ’s many Facebook fans has been overwhelmingly positive so far , with more than 95 “ likes ” on the post , and a number of encouraging comments .
Regardless of whether Kimmel pulls off a successful show with his trusty MacBook , Tuesday ’s episode should make for some interesting viewing indeed .
Since the earthquake , international relief groups have expressed concerns about violence against women , especially in the camps under their watch .
Poor or nonexistent lighting , unlockable latrines , adjacent men’s and women ’s showers and inadequate police protection have all been problems .
Recently , security in eight big camps has improved , with joint Haitian - United Nations police posts or patrols ; about 100 Bangladeshi policewomen arrived late last month to deal with gender - based violence at three of them .
But there are about 1,200 encampments throughout Haiti , and this city ’s battered neighborhoods are largely left to their own defenses , too .
Rose and her relatives recently moved back to their properties when the owner of the property where they were squatting threatened the tent city residents with eviction .
Their homes have been marked with a yellow stamp by surveyors , meaning they are damaged but fixable .
Rose and her relatives sleep outside them , fitfully .
They were scared of the “ young thugs in Mafia sunglasses , ” Rose ’s cousin said , even before Rose ’s abduction .
On May 10 , Rose , a statuesque woman who is learning to be a beautician , went out to buy some cookies .
A police officer whom she knew beckoned her to sit in his unmarked car , she said .
She did .
Then two men ordered the officer out of the car , taking his gun and driving off with Rose .
The men shoved her into the back , and made her lie face down .
She does not know what neighborhood they took her to ; it was empty and rubble - filled , and had many destroyed houses .
When she protested entering one , they slapped her , she said , and forced her to squeeze through the collapsed entrance .
They pushed her into a crawl space beneath a fallen ceiling .
“ I was scared mute , ” she said .
“ Only when they raped me did I scream .
It hurt . ”
Clutching her pelvis as she talked , Rose said that the men had taken turns , raping her seven times .
“ Or maybe eight , ” she said , shutting her eyes .
The police officer showed up at Rose ’s house the morning after she was kidnapped to tell the family what had happened .
“ He waited all night while we lay awake terrified , ” her brother - in - law said .
“ He was looking for his car .
We said , ‘ What about Rose ? ’
He said , ‘ We ’ll look for her , but , you know , you will hear from them first . ’ ”
One of the nation 's most prominent civil - liberties organizations issued a travel alert for Arizona on Wednesday , saying the state 's controversial new immigration law could lead to racial profiling even before it goes into effect .
Thirty - two state - level chapters of the American Civil Liberties Union issued the advisory for the July Fourth weekend , informing people of their rights in confrontations with police and saying that the organization 's Arizona chapter already has heard reports of racial profiling .
ACLU ' bust card ' |
In Spanish
" We wanted to make sure that people from outside of the state were aware of the realities on the ground , " said Alessandra Soler Meetze , executive director of the Arizona chapter of the ACLU .
" We wanted them to have the information and know what their rights are . "
While the immigration law does n't go into effect until July 29 , the ACLU chapters said they worry that law - enforcement officers will pre-emptively apply the law during the holiday weekend .
Soler Meetze said her office has heard of several instances of racial profiling since the passage of the bill , though no formal complaints have been lodged .
" In numerous studies we have found that profiling exists in this state and that people of color are disproportionately affected by laws like these , " she said .
The alert is designed to inform potential travelers of their rights under the law and comes with a printable " bust card " - a pamphlet that lists what people should do in different encounters with law - enforcement officers .
It tells people to remain calm if they are approached by police , and to request a lawyer and remain silent if they are arrested .
Arizona 's immigration law makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
It states that an officer engaged in a lawful stop , detention or arrest shall , when practicable , ask about a person 's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally .
The law has explicit provisions against using racial profiling as a means of enforcement .
Levi Bolton , a lobbyist and consultant for the Phoenix Law Enforcement Association , said he supports the ACLU 's efforts to inform people of their rights but objects to the insinuation that racial profiling is widespread in Arizona law enforcement .
" There 's no place for that in our work , " Bolton said .
" If that happens , then we 're now talking about a bad cop and not a bad law . "
Arizona 's police training board is developing a video - training program expected to be revealed today for the state 's 15,000 law officers .
An outline of the training program said it will teach officers that race and ethnicity cannot be used as targets when enforcing the new illegal - immigration law .
The ACLU 's New Mexico chapter pitched the advisory as a way to warn residents that their driver 's licenses , which do n't require proof of citizenship , wo n't serve as a valid form of identification under the law .
New Mexico is one of four states with such a law .
" The state has shown to have a long history of racial profiling , " said Micah McCoy , communications specialist for the ACLU of New Mexico , referring to Arizona .
The ACLU has filed one of five lawsuits against the state arguing that the immigration law is unconstitutional .
The Associated Press contributed to this article .
British comedy writer and celebrity journalist Jane Bussmann had a revelation while interviewing actor Ashton Kutcher at a Hollywood café :
She really had to find something more meaningful to do .
So she embarked on a Google quest for the most evil man in the world and found Joseph Kony , head of the Uganda - based Lord ’s Resistance Army .
“ In a dramatic change of direction , ” according to the jacket of the resulting book :
[ S ] he set out for Africa to interview a respected ( very attractive ) peacemaker .
However things did not go according to plan .
Six weeks later , alone in a war - torn country , she found herself investigating one of the worst crimes in African history .
Until one day , she was standing over a corpse in an open grave , wondering if she would get home alive …
The paperback version of The Worst Date Ever : Or How It Took a Comedy Writer to Expose Africa ’s Secret War was just released and a movie is “ in development ” by the producers of the Academy Award - winning film , Slumdog Millionaire .
It may be the most ribald book about the atrocities of war you will ever read ; you may , ( as I did ) , find yourself laughing in the face of what Bussmann calls “ mind - shredding evil . ”
For two decades , Kony ’s outfit has kidnapped tens of thousands of children ; turned them into child soldiers and sex slaves ; taught them to use rape as a weapon of war ; and cut the lips off of critics including young children .
Kony , his top commanders and their backer , Omar Hassan al - Bashir , president of Northern Sudan , are all wanted international war criminals .
The LRA massacres whole villages at a time in Sudan , Uganda , Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Central African Republic .
Two million people in Northern Uganda have been displaced .
Kony ’s power over his victims is derived in part by his claim to be inhabited by spirits , including one that had jumped to him from Alice Lakwena ( a kind of Joan of Arc figure ) , who led an unsuccessful rebellion against Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni in 1987 .
Some of Kony ’s kids say they believe in his supernatural omniscience because he always knows exactly when the Ugandan Army is coming , in what numbers , and what kinds of weapons they are carrying .
Indeed .
The occasional skirmish not withstanding , Kony has apparently enjoyed high - level assistance in sustaining his lifestyle while evading Ugandan troops ostensibly tasked with stopping him .
Back in 1996 , according to a document reprinted by Bussmann , the Ugandan and Sudanese governments knew exactly where Catholic school girls kidnapped by the LRA were being held .
The Ugandan army had been tipped that the LRA was going to attack the elite St. Mary ’s school , but had done nothing to protect or to rescue the 139 girls abducted .
And yet , a brave school administrator , Sister Rachele , almost singlehandedly gained the release of 109 of the children .
The LRA kept the rest — except for the one they hacked and tortured to death with machetes .
Sister Rachele and the girls ’ parents met with world leaders from presidents Museveni and Bashir , to then - First Lady Hillary Clinton , to Kofi Annan , and Pope John Paul II .
“ None of them got the girls back , ” Bussmann observed .
“ Meanwhile , Kony built his city of children in the desert and shipped in his prize , the highly educated St. Mary ’s girls .
The girls were raped , impregnated , given syphilis , and watched as babies were smashed against trees . ”
When Bussmann arrived in 2005 , parents were still trying to get their daughters back .
Mrs. Clinton had tried to help by getting the World Bank to donate .
The Bank underwrote a special rehabilitation school for children who had escaped from the LRA .
Unfortunately , one of Kony ’s former top commanders , ( an ex-bodyguard for president Museveni ) was hired to run it .
Bussmann learned that this was more the rule than the exception .
Writing on the Huffington Post she recently declared that some 20 - 66,000 children have been direct victims of what amounts to a “ fake war . ”
“ But if everyone knew … why had nobody stopped him ? ” she wondered .
“ All around me , millions were being pumped into the effort . ”
“ Only a cynic , ” she continued , “ could conclude that , far from trying to catch Kony , the world turned this mass child rapist into an industry , so I will , for one reason : I do n’t see why the kids I met should have to put up with it . ”
As a comedy writer who has worked on the take - no - prisoners cartoon show South Park , and whose journalism experience , as she notes , stopped with Britney Spears and Paris Hilton , she saw herself as an unlikely reporter for the occasion .
And yet , she got the story when others have not .
She says that she could recognize “ absurdity . ”
And that may have been the best qualification .
Un -Faking the War
The ‘ fake ’ war may just get real .
President Obama recently signed “ Lord ’s Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act , ” the main and most remarkable provision of which is :
… to apprehend or remove Joseph Kony and his top commanders from the battlefield in the continued absence of a negotiated solution , and to disarm and demobilize the remaining Lord ’s Resistance Army fighters .
A bipartisan cheer went up when the bill became law .
But some groups , including the progressive Institute for Policy Studies and the Africa Faith and Justice Network ( a coalition of Catholic orders ) , are concerned that the hunt for Kony by US or allied Special Forces could lead to reprisal massacres against civilians — like those that followed last year ’s failed anti-LRA campaign including the armies of three countries and backed by the United States .
The Enough Project of the Washington DC think tank Center for American Progress has worked tirelessly to stop the LRA and bring peace to the region .
But co-founder John Prendergast told Religion Dispatches that Kony has refused numerous peace proposals , and he believes that :
The only way to bring an end to the suffering he causes is to support the military efforts to apprehend him in line with his outstanding International Criminal Court arrest warrant .
As a peace advocate , it is painful to come to this conclusion , but I realize that there are occasions when force is necessary to achieve peace .
This is one of those times .
Bussmann ’s discovery of Prendergast in Vanity Fair magazine in 2003 had launched her on another Google quest at the heart of the book .
“ Damn , ” she exclaimed , “ I had to meet John Prendergast .
He was n’t just hot ; he was wise .
I wondered how wrong it would be to sit on his knee during the interview . ”
Bussmann found in Prendergast a dashing romantic interest ; “ his eyes red from saving the world . ”
While her pursuit of Prendergast by way of pursuing Kony became “ the worst date ever ” of the book ’s title , he is generous about her work .
She has the capacity , he said , to school people about “ some of the worst human rights crimes in the last half century ” in a way that “ is n’t sanctimonious or boring . ”
When RD had the opportunity to talk with Bussmann about all this , we decided to disregard the professional advice she offered in her book — that when “ talking to famous people , never bring up religion , they might have an opinion . ”
Actor Ashton Kutcher told you he has met “ some really great priests . ”
You aver ( although not to Kutcher ) that you do n’t like priests , and not because you are an atheist .
And yet some of the real heroes in the book are priests like Father Carlos , and of course , Sister Rachele .
Has your thinking evolved since then ?
The biggest shock to me was that the priests came out the heroes of the book !
I had great fun mocking myself as events led inexorably to the conclusion that priests were saving the day .
I decided it would be fun to lure the most skeptical reader in with a barrage of anti-religion abuse and then have them follow me as I met people like Father Carlos Rodriguez , a deep - thinking , kind , mild - mannered Spanish man with no concern for his own safety .
He went into the bush armed with nothing but his Bible to rescue 17 children from the LRA .
No bullets fired .
But when the priest went back to get more kids — and how often can you say that in a positive context — he was sabotaged , and not by Kony , but by the Ugandan government army .
Until I went to Uganda , I thought missionaries were shady types who could n’t make it back at home , so they bailed to sunnier climes where they could strip the joy out of human existence unchallenged .
But then I met the Combonis [ a Catholic order of priests and nuns ] — these people risk their own lives fighting for human rights .
I met nuns who had been beaten up .
Sister Rachele still bursts into tears 14 years after trying to save her girls from Kony ( Google her .
I do n’t vote on any canonization panels but she has to be a contender ) .
And Father Carlos may have saved my life .
An author with more dignity would n’t have put it in their memoir , as it was a deeply humiliating incident involving a safety pin and a hospital with no doctors , but I could n’t resist it as the logical , almost divine conclusion to an adventure that began with my saying I did n’t like priests .
Father Carlos last year published a fascinating account of his experiences under the radar in Africa called Tall Grass , after the elephant grass which hides not just rebel child soldiers but all the mysteries in Africa .
What do you make of Kony ’s claim to be a religious leader and how he carries himself in this role ?
Kony shows many signs of brain damage , or at least advanced mental illness , so I would n’t authorize any grants to his church at this time .
But if you consider religion to be an inspiration to humans to behave better , Kony uses it as an excuse to behave worse .
It was n’t me , Pa , it was the spirits .
Kony is nothing but a lousy little rapist who ca n’t believe his luck — he hit a period in history when the people supposed to be hunting him found it more useful to use the hunt as a smokescreen for lining their pockets in illegal mining operations and ghost soldier salary rackets .
He also had the smarts to claim to represent the disenfranchised Acholi tribe , which stalled the intellectuals and academics who should be uniting against him .
Sure , the Acholi are disenfranchised .
But how can you insult the intelligence of Acholi moms and dads whose kids have been kidnapped by saying they ’d choose Kony as their representative ?
There are politicians for that !
You charge that some humanitarian and development agencies may be more interested in ensuring their cash flow than carrying out their missions .
How and why have such groups enabled the suffering they are ostensibly in Uganda to alleviate ?
First things first :
Helping out someone who is having a tougher time than you is not just a nice thing to do , it ’s a cornerstone of civilization .
My book is trying to shine a spotlight on what happens when charities do n’t ask the crucial question — how exactly did these vulnerable people get here ?— and risk becoming part of the machine of war , or a substitute for the right response from a government .
I ’d argue that you should always lend your neighbor money ; hopefully he ’d help you out someday .
But if he ’s beating his wife , you do n’t parrot his story that she walked into a door and organise another whip - round to send her a private doctor .
No — you call the police .
I became incensed when I read a World Food Program press release asking for more money to feed over a million people who were living in squalor because they had ‘ fled ’ Joseph Kony .
They had n’t fled Kony , they had been ordered in by their own government .
Yes , some came willingly for protection , but they were told it would be for a few months while the government looked for Kony .
Ten years later , not only was Kony not found , but the camps were n’t properly protected .
And Kony was still kidnapping their kids .
Inside the camps I saw hungry children , outside I saw crops left to rot .
The WFP ’s solution ?
To ask the public to send more money .
Meanwhile , cash rolled in to the government , and foreign donors wrung their hands over the poor starving refugees .
One lousy rapist turned into an industry .
What really bugs me about contemporary charities are these ghastly , pornographic images of people suffering .
They abuse people for cash .
These images do n’t just belittle women and children and reduce Africans to a continent of beggars , they unforgivably numb audiences to suffering .
You see a kid who ’s starving , you switch off inside instead of getting riled up to ask why he ’s starving .
Hence the book .
A joke — especially when there ’s not supposed to be one — kind of restores the big stuff to what it should be : absurd , outrageous , just plain wrong .
Plus it ’s the only thing I can do , so I thought I ’d have a go at putting it to good use for once .
And believe me it ’s ten times slower writing comedy about this subject matter .
I get up every morning cursing myself , ‘ if only you ’d written Ghostbusters remakes for clapped - out comedians , you would n’t be getting out of bed at 6 a.m , to write yet more child soldier material … you ’d be in a mansion … imbecile …’
The American and British public are staggeringly generous donors , genuinely caring for the vulnerable .
If someone told them the full story of what made these people vulnerable , in a vocal society like the United States , there would be debate and regulation .
Instead the public are presented with an image of the developing world as a telethon of random tragedy after random tragedy , with breaks for pop stars singing in the ruins for Idol Gives Back .
The aid industry is bleak , but ironically , the truth is uplifting because many of these seemingly random tragedies are man-made — which means they could be stopped .
We need a call to action .
Since the passage of the anti-LRA bill , it seems likely that American or European Special Forces will be deployed against Kony for the first time .
Do you think that the Africa Faith and Justice Network ’s concern about civilian reprisals by the LRA is justified ?
Yes .
It ’s foul and Kony has always done it .
Barack has to be smarter than his predecessor , who amazingly authorized Operation Lightning Thunder without even thinking to protect civilians , hence the Christmas Massacres .
Anyone could have warned George Bush about Kony , even me , and I ’m a comedy writer .
A kid who watches CSI when the babysitter is asleep could have predicted the date the massacres would start , Christmas Eve , and the location , churches , because Kony is a cliché murderer who uses religious symbolism the way Eminem uses naughty words .
Unfortunately it was left to US Intelligence to supervise , and hundreds died .
Intelligence is expensive , common sense is free .
I do n’t think that the LRA
Act elevates military action above all other solutions , it says let ’s do something .
A peaceful solution would be better — but if peace fails , at Kony ’s current rate , hundreds more kids will be kidnapped .
In the event of military action , he must be stopped intelligently , because if not , up to 90 % of the casualties will be former kidnapped children .
Let ’s be aware then , of three things .
One , Kony always gets intel that the army is coming to get him and runs away .
So block his escapes .
Two , the LRA kills civilians .
Protect civilians .
Three , and most important of all , the armies who went after Kony before have been shamelessly , unforgivably trigger - happy about killing children .
Watch them this time .
( Mashable ) -- According to Apple 's latest commercial , " iPad goes anywhere " -- anywhere , that is , except for Yankee Stadium .
Yahoo Sports confirmed with the stadium that the iPad falls under its " no laptops " security policy and patrons wo n't be able to enter the ballpark with one in their possession .
Say what ?
The TSA says that you do n't have to take an iPad out of its case to go through security , but Yankee Stadium says the device is a no - go ?
The discussion surrounding the ban was spurred by a message from Spacekatgal on the IGN Boards .
Spacekatgal tried to bring her iPad in to the Yankee / Red Sox game , only to be turned away at the gate .
Undeterred , she did re-enter the stadium with her iPad in her jacket , but the ban exists all the same .
While you can reasonably ask why someone would want to bring an iPad -- or any electronic device aside from a cellphone , for that matter -- into a ballgame , the outright ban of such a device strikes us as odd , especially given that Wi-Fi is available throughout the complex .
In any event , if you want to bring an iPad to Yankee Stadium this summer ( assuming you 're sitting in the shade ) , you might want to make sure you 've got a bag or windbreaker that can mask said device from the security guards .
Or you could just leave the gadgets at home and watch the game .
© 2013 MASHABLE.com .
All rights reserved .
Gulf Oil Spill Disaster : The Animals Most at Risk With time running out , here are the animals most at risk in the disaster .
June 24 , 2010  --
As oil continues to gush into the Gulf of Mexico after the explosion on BP's Deepwater Horizon rig , cleanup crews and animal welfare experts are working tirelessly to prevent massive ecological damage on the coast .
But several animal species are in the crosshairs of the giant oil slick spreading across the gulf .
With time running out , here are the animals most at risk in the disaster , and what you can do to help .
1. Atlantic Bluefin Tuna
Already one of the most threatened species of fish on the planet , Bluefin tuna could suffer huge losses in the wake of the spill .
The reason ?
Bluefin tuna only breed in two places on earth : the Mediterranean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico .
And the Deepwater Horizon spill is impacting the very area of the gulf where the bluefin spawn .
And they only spawn once a year .
The time ?
You guessed it : right now .
According Ellycia Harrould - Kolieb , a marine biologist interviewed by Newsweek , " This could spell the end to bluefin . "
Before the spill , it was predicted that man 's hunger for sushi might spell the end of the bluefin .
Bluefin is especially prized in Japan , and overfishing has already devastated worldwide bluefin stocks ; the population has dropped by more than 70 percent in the past 30 years .
2. Sea Turtles
For millions of years , sea turtles have lumbered onto the beaches of what is now Gulf Shores , Alabama , to lay eggs and continue their lineage .
The annual ritual is carried out like clockwork each summer .
But now , more than 350 dead turtles have been discovered in the gulf since the Deepwater Horizon explosion , and experts are worried that the spill could disrupt their mating and breeding cycle for good .
Sea turtles are thought to be especially at risk since they spend most of their time on the water 's surface , putting them at high exposure for inhaling and ingesting the oil floating in the gulf .
The animals also are known to " mouth or chew on anything , " according to Michele Kelley , standing coordinator of the Louisiana Marine Mammal and Sea Turtle Rescue Program , in an interview with National Geographic .
That means they 'll likely munch the oil to see what 's going on .
There are only seven species of sea turtle in the entire world , and five of them rely on the Gulf of Mexico to serve as a critical habitat .
And each of those five species is endangered .
3. Dolphins
Dolphins are among the many sea creatures surfacing closer and closer to Florida beaches in the weeks since the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon , a phenomenon that some marine experts think is tied to the spread of the oil slick .
As many as 5,000 bottlenose dolphins could be calving at the moment — right in the oil 's path .
Earlier this week , a team from Greenpeace spotted dozens of the mammals frolicking in the oil sheen off the coast of Louisiana .
Like sea turtles , dolphins are at risk from inhaling and ingesting the oil since they must surface to breathe .
Dolphin carcasses have already been found in three states since the beginning of the crisis .
Scientists are attempting to determine whether the animals died due to exposure to the oil .
4. Brown Pelicans
The Brown Pelican — the State Bird of Louisiana —uses the delicate wetlands of the Delta region to spawn and raise new generations .
But state officials fear that decades of rebuilding the state 's pelican population ( they started in the 1960s with virtually none of the birds in the Pelican State ) could be negated by the BP oil spill .
The first time around , pesticides like DDT had destroyed pelican populations .
Now , the chemical ooze seeping in from the gulf could devastate the population once more .
Wildlife experts in Louisiana estimate that as many as 10,000 pairs of pelicans could be breeding at the moment in the affected area .
Oil could continue to wash up near nesting areas for months and months to come .
And since young pelicans like to wander around the affected marshland as they get their bearings , the oil contamination could spell disaster .
Pelicans spend much of their time floating on the surface of the water — the same place as the oil .
Wildlife experts fear that their feathers could become coated in oil , causing them to lose buoyancy .
5. Oysters
Oysters have long been associated with Gulf Coast cuisine , but oyster houses that have been open for generations are closing in the French Quarter as oystermen are forced to stay home .
Due to oil contamination , many oyster beds have already been shut down .
And oystermen fear that proposed plans to pump freshwater into the Delta to help push back encroaching oil could throw off the precise balance of seawater and freshwater that allows oysters to grow .
And as the water warms , oyster larvae could be born right into the oil , poisoning another generation of oysters .
Well , Samsung Galaxy S7 or the iPhone 7 ?
It was a major question throughout the year 2016 .
When Samsung unveiled the Galaxy S7 , a lot of people were pretty confident that this one is going to be the best smartphone of the year .
But then came up the iPhone 7 .
And now , we are here to analyze which one should be the winner .
In this article , we will offer you a detailed review of iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 .
And , we bet it will make easier for you to decide which one is the winner .
So let ’s have a look at the battle of the best smartphones !
Speaking of the design and display , the Samsung S7 comes with a glass back along with a metallic finish .
It has got an aluminum frame .
It is just slightly less attractive than Galaxy S7 Edge .
It is pretty but not more beautiful than the iPhone 7 .
IPhone 7 also has the aluminum series 70000 golden body .
Both of them look great .
But the Galaxy S7 has a bit heavier and bigger screen .
But iPhone 7 is comfortable in the grip .
Technically speaking , the Galaxy S7 has got a bit of higher rating in the display because it has IP68 .
And iPhone 7 has an IP67 rating .
It means , the Galaxy S7 can hold up to 30 minutes in 1.5 meters of water , while the iPhone 7 also survives 30 minutes , but in a depth of 1 meter .
Well , this is not a huge difference , but if your phone falls in water , S7 has got a better chance of survival .
The iPhone 7 has a matte finish while S7 has got a plastic finish .
Samsung S7 comes with a Corning Gorilla glass 4 with a super AMOLED capacitive display .
While the iPhone 7 , has LED backlit IPS LCD capacitive display .
But on display , there is something that iPhone has .
The 3D touch technology .
It will let you give a different input command depending on how hard you are pressing the display .
Now this is a bit tricky to compare the Apple ’s products with any other company when it comes to specifications .
Because Apple does not use the Qualcomm processor that majority of the company uses .
It is harder to compare when the devices are operating on different hardware .
Also Read : Vivo V5 vs. Oppo F1s vs. Gionee S6s : Battle for Best Selfie Smartphone The Samsung Galaxy S7 comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor .
It has an Exynos 8890 octa-core processor .
For the graphics , you will have the Adreno 530 , Mali - T880 MP 12 .
In this aspect , Apple iPhone 7 has got A10 Fusion with Quad core 2.34 GHz process and six core processor for graphics .
The Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 mm technology offers a fast battery charging .
But the A10 processor is 40 % quicker than the previous A9 version .
Speaking of the benchmarks , the iPhone 7 is a sure winner .
Because the Android and iOS devices work differently .
Considering the lags , and processor efficiency , iPhone 7 beats Galaxy S7 .
In the storage department , iPhone 7 is available at variants of 32GB , 128 GB , and 256 GB .
But the Galaxy S7 is only available with 32 GB or 64 GB version .
i Phone 7 has a larger storage capacity , but it does not have a memory card slot .
While , S7 has a dedicated memory card slot .
The iPhone 7 has a 2GB RAM while the Galaxy S7 has got 4GB RAM .
But with Apple ’s A10 processor , the RAM will not be a major issue .
The Samsung Snapdragon processor is fast enough to beat major mobile devices , but Apple A10 processor is fastest of them all .
The iPhone 7 does not have the headphone jack , but the Galaxy S7 does .
So if you are willing to use the headphone for iPhone 7 , you have to buy the 3.5 mm lightening adapter along with it .
But that will not have any impact on audio quality , though .
i Phone 7 has got the stereo speakers .
But Galaxy S7 does not have the stereo sound .
But it has Hi-resolution audio formats for better sound quality , and it also has the Apex Bluetooth for better wireless music .
So if you are not into stereo speakers ( which is not a major issue ) , Samsung is a winner here .
The iPhone 7 is a very preferred one for the photographers .
But this time Samsung has stepped up too .
The primary camera of iPhone is 12 MP along with a f /1.8 aperture , a phase detection , autofocus , and also with optical image stabilization .
The S7 has the same specs , but it just has f/1.7 aperture .
It means s7 can handle the low light conditions in a better way .
If you love selfies , the front camera of iPhone 7 is great .
It has a 7MP sensor with f /2.2 aperture .
But the S7 has got a 5 MP camera sensor with f/1.7 aperture .
So frankly speaking , iPhone 7 will offer you high - quality images , ( of course , the Samsung will too ! ) , but in low light conditions , the Samsung will perform better .
So you can opt for anyone of the above , but Samsung is a bit better here .
Well , iOS vs. Android comparison is not a fair comparison .
Because both are likable in their way .
Yes , Android is much more customizable than the iOS , and it is considered easier .
But comparing Samsung S7 to iPhone 7 , Samsung is not offering stock Android ; it comes with a self - built overlay of Samsung called the TouchWiz .
It brings the Samsung ’s apps to the forefront .
So it might be a bit difficult to understand for the first time user .
And it also gives the OS a different look .
But there are millions of apps in Android and it is easy to get them , install them and use them .
But app downloading and installing is a bit tougher in iOS .
But you just cannot deny that iPhones are more secured considering the OS , than the Android .
i Phone receives more updates and fixes security issues immediately .
But Google updates take a long time .
So your phone is open to serious threats .
Speaking of security , iPhone is a better option .
But speaking of customization S7 is a better option .
Now you are the best judge .
Well , for this , undoubtedly , Samsung S7 is the winner .
S7 has a higher battery , 3000 mAh .
But iPhone 7 has only 1960 mAh .
Apart from larger battery , S7 has fast charging facility that Apple does not have .
Also , S7 offers a wireless charging service that is still overdue for a long time in Apple .
So with much larger battery , ability to quick charge and also the service of wireless charge , Samsung is the clear winner here .
Southwest Says No to Racy PETA Ad
No stranger to racy ads , Southwest has dubbed a new PETA ad " too sexy " for its in - flight magazine , Spirit .
Pimping a vegan diet , the ad shows a security scan of a woman in her underwear with the words , " Be Proud of Your Body Scan : Go Vegan . "
Southwest Airlines Senior Account manager Diane Ciaglia told PETA the ad is " too provocative to run in our publication . "
Countering Southwest , PETA Senior VP Dan Mathews said , " Our ad is less sensational than many of Southwest 's own promotions .
The airline may have canned it because the company is based in Dallas , the heart of the beef belt . "
PETA may have a point when it claims Southwest might be talking out of both sides of its mouth .
One need only take a look at Hostesses in Hotpants and Don't #$*!%
Me Over .
by Nirmala Carvalho
For Ibrahim Musliyar Bekal , the dowry system , the ban on married women working , and frequent desertion by husbands explain indigence in Muslim communities .
New Delhi ( AsiaNews ) – For Ibrahim Musliyar Bekal , a Muslim religious leader in Karnataka ’s Udupi District , the Muslim community is largely to blame for its poverty .
After visiting ten families living in abject poverty , he said that some Muslim practices explain widespread underdevelopment .
Bekal , who is Qazi ( Kadi , religious judge ) in Udupi , said that it “ is very important to eradicate the dowry system and other such evils prevailing in the Muslim community ” , which undermine “ its overall development ” .
The dowry system forces families to pay millions of rupees to the groom ’s family in order to take in their daughters in marriage .
Even though the practice is illegal since the adoption of the Dowry Prohibition Act in 1961 , it still shapes people ’s mindset and culture .
Another evil that burdens Muslims is the status of women who , after marriage , are not allowed to work .
To illustrate his point , Qazi Ibrahim Musliyar Bekal mentioned the moving case of a family who had two female members become mentally ill after they were deserted by their husbands many years ago .
Sadly , he said there are many instances of various forms of abuse that are inflicted upon unfortunate women who end up languishing at home without support .
According to Indian government figures , some 251 millions people lived below the poverty line in 2005 .
Of these , 31 per cent was Muslim even though Muslims represent only 13.4 per cent of the population .
The Mars Phoenix lander touched down near the Red Planet 's north pole in May of 2008 .
It was designed to investigate the history of water on Mars , digging into the surface soil and examining the chemistry there .
It had a limited design lifetime of only a few months , since the onset of Martian winter in the north made weather conditions too severe to continue operations .
The hope was that NASA would be able to revive the lander once spring had sprung .
Many such attempts have failed , and we may now know why : new images show the lander may be damaged .
The image on the left was taken in July 2008 with the HiRISE camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , and shows the lander in blue .
The image on the right was taken just a few days ago , on May 7 , 2010 .
The illumination is similar in the two shots -- note the landscapes are very similar looking -- but the shadow cast by the lander looks different now .
My first thought was that dust built up on the lander , making it look different , but scientists have shown this not to be the case .
More likely , carbon dioxide buildup on the solar panels bent or even broke one of the panels .
There were predictions that this might happen , so while this is n't a total surprise , it 's disappointing .
This means that Phoenix will not be able to soak up enough solar energy to restart its operations , which in turn , sadly , means it really is dead .
The good news is it did a tremendous job in its mission , returning important data about the properties of the Martian surface .
Although it appears the mission is now over , it was a raging success and I 'm happy for the team .
It 's funny : Mars missions tend to fail catastrophically before they even get there , or they get to Mars and seem to last forever .
Spirit and Opportunity have long outlasted their warranties , and we have several orbiters still going strong .
And even though Phoenix made it down to the surface and exceeded its planned lifetime , it 's still a little weird to find out it 's dead .
It shows me that we get used to ESA , NASA , and JPL 's superhuman efforts when it comes to their missions .
Space exploration is hard , damn hard .
But we continue to do it , and we continue to get better at it .
So while this specific news is disappointing , it 's also a reminder that we can't take anything for granted .
My hat 's off to the scientists and engineers who made Phoenix work , and work beyond expectations .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
This has to be my lucky shot of the year !
The photo was taken at exactly the right moment to catch a lightening strike and was featured in the local paper :-)
Advertisements
ONCE AGAIN : Deregulation to Blame for Another Tragedy
The evidence is in : Halliburton , Dick Cheney , secret energy task force meetings and massive Republican deregulation has once again led to tragedy .
The April 20 , 2010 Gulf oil spill is yet another story of careless , reckless deregulation and corruption under the Bush administration which has led to loss of life , destruction of wildlife and the environment , loss of income , and more .
The full impact of the oil spill is still unknown , but the environmental and economic fallout from the massive spill is mounting quickly .
Evidence is mounting up that the oil spill in the Gulf is the result of a tragic sequence of equipment failures – but ultimately , all of them should have and could have been caught , had the rig been regulated properly .
It turns out that tens of thousands of offshore rigs are barely regulated , a result of Dick Cheney ’s private energy meetings and interference with the Department of Minerals Management Services , which regulates the off shore drilling .
The MMS is also responsible for collecting the billions in royalties from the oil companies and is the same agency that was investigated and found to be doing cocaine and having sex with oil executives .
Their judgment regarding the necessity of regulations was clearly not impartial .
Advertisements
NPR reports :
‘ Wednesday ’s hearings by congressional and administration panels in Washington and in Louisiana laid out a checklist of unseen breakdowns on largely unregulated aspects of well safety that appear to have contributed to the April 20 blowout : a leaky cement job , a loose hydraulic fitting , a dead battery .
The trail of problems highlights the reality that , even as the U.S. does more deep water offshore drilling in a quest for domestic oil , some key safety components are left almost entirely to the discretion of the companies doing the work . ”
In the hours leading up to the spill , Halliburton was pumping cement into the well , which was supposed to block any oil or natural gas from surging out through the drill piping .
They then capped with the ( now infamous Halliburton ) cement plugs , which are designed to stop gas or oil surge inside the pipe .
The last plug was still missing just before 10 p.m. on the 20th when the oil began its now fateful surge through the pipes .
NPR reports that according to MMS spokesman David Smith , there are NO federal standards for the makeup of the cement filler .
The government has been working to publish new guidelines later this year , but they are not mandates .
It ’s important to note that in other industries , such as the housing industry , there are strict regulations and inspections at every step of the process .
It is appalling that off shore regulations are not even equal to the housing industry , where cement footings have to be inspected before framing can proceed .
While this may seem shocking , one needs only to ask themselves if the small business building industry had friends like Cheney or indeed , if Cheney was a stock holder of your small business home builder to understand why the standards are different .
Remember this the next time Republicans talk about how deregulation is good for the little guy , the mom and pop business owner .
That is a fallacy , used to sell a corporatist agenda to the Main Streeters .
Deregulation lines the pockets of the wealthy .
Only the super wealthy can afford to buy off officials and buy off responsibility once the pseudo investigations begin .
Your small business owner would be crushed under the weight of the lawsuits filed against him or her if he or she failed to regulate him or herself and caused so much destruction .
Reasonable regulations actually HELP businesses , provided they are implemented and overseen .
The only folks who benefit from no regulation are those who can afford to get the government to bail them out when they fail due to deregulation .
So , again , the next time a modern day Conservative justifies this sort of tragedy by saying you ca n’t regulate a free market or stop all “ accidents ” , remind them that this is NOT a free market .
The government is bailing out all of the sectors that the Republicans deregulated .
That is not a free market , it is literally socializing the downside of business .
In a free market , those companies would be left to fail .
As for the argument that you ca n’t stop all “ accidents ” , this was not an accident .
This was preventable , at many stages along the way , before it became a tragedy .
An accident is something you have no control over and can not prepare for .
This was not an accident .
Here ’s an example from Reuters of how Republicans are spinning this :
“ Representative Joe Barton , the top Republican on the subcommittee ’s full Energy and Commerce Committee , urged lawmakers not to restrict offshore drilling but still blasted the companies involved in the accident .
“ We ’ve had an accident .
It is not an act of God , ” Barton said .
“ It is something that could have been and should have been contained .
The facts that we ’ve uncovered … show that there was in all probability shoddy maintenance . ” ”
So , while Barton admits this could have been prevented with maintenance but it was not , he still does n’t think offshore drilling needs to be stopped until regulations are in place ?
Interesting how he changed the goal post from their usual argument that accidents will happen .
Now , it ’s accidents will happen but do n’t stop drilling .
It ’s amazing that they can make these arguments with a straight face .
They are still trying to sell us that the oil companies will and should police themselves .
Just how long do we have to keep on giving this failed notion the benefit of the doubt ?
And yet , as NPR reported : “… industry officials acknowledged a fistful of regulatory and operational gaps :
There is no government standard for design or installation of blowout preventives .
The federal government does n’t routinely inspect them before they are installed .
Their emergency systems usually go untested once they are set on the seafloor at the mouth of the well .
The federal government does n’t require a backup .
In one telling exchange Wednesday at a hearing of the Coast Guard and MMS in Kenner , La. , Coast Guard Capt .
Hung Nguyen asked a regional supervisor of the federal regulatory agency a question about blowout preventives : “ It ’s my understanding that it ’s designed to industry standard and it ’s manufactured by the industry , installed by the industry , with no government witnessing or oversight of the construction or installation .
Is that correct ? ”
“ That is correct , ” replied Michael Saucier , the MMS field supervisor for the Gulf . ”
Regulation and oversight were clearly MIA in this story .
Dick Cheney ’s secret energy meetings , the MMS suddenly deciding under Bush that they would not continue with the recommendations to update the regulations of the oil companies as began under Clinton ( it should be noted that the regulations have not been updated since 1996 – this is how deeply the oil companies have infiltrated our government ) , the government allowing the MMS to both collect royalties and police the off shore drilling ( which is akin to the rating agencies on Wall Street which take money from the companies they “ rate ” ) – all of this is both predictable and profoundly shocking at the same time .
The question at this point is what will the Obama administration do about this , if anything ?
In other words , just how complicit were the Democrats in helping Dick carry out his Destroy America Plan ?
I have to ask myself why it always comes down to this : the moment when we all turn to the Democrats and scold them for allowing the Republicans to be the greedy , lawless monsters they have been for the last ten years .
Perhaps this is like turning to the abused woman to ask her why she did n’t protect her children from the abusive man .
Perhaps it ’s our frustration with the lack of accountability in Washington that causes us to settle on the Dems , waiting for them to DO something to rein the cowboys in .
Maybe it is n’t something they can do , maybe it is n’t something they want to do .
Maybe we ’re stuck voting on social issues and the rest of it is a one big corporatacracy .
The rage , powerlessness and helplessness we all felt during Katrina never went away .
The Gulf Spill is just being added to the list .
We wanted blood , but we could n’t get rid of Bush or punish Cheney or Rove .
And it looks like we are going to have to swallow another major injustice against humanity and the environment , all because the oilmen have more money than we do .
Meanwhile , Cheney is filthy rich , Bush is all done playing cowboy now and can just hang with the elites , and Rove is happy on Fox News spewing his deceptions .
They ’re all free .
When you ’re seething with rage , remind yourself that THIS is the America some people are dying to take us back to .
What would be left , after another four years of Republican rule ?
What industry is still standing ?
What life still manages to eek by ?
It ’s absolutely reprehensible what Republicans did in the name of free market capitalism .
They ’ve bastardized the meaning of their own ideology to such an extent that it can only be received with scorn until they man up and take responsibility for the consequences of their choices .
And I ’m not holding my breath on that one .
Yesterday , Google Open Source & Compatibility Program Manager Dan Morrill ( his business cards have to be 10 feet long to fit that title ) wrote a pretty interesting blog post over at the Android Developers blog , where he called the idea of fragmentation a ‘ bogeyman ’ .
He tries to diffuse a lot of the controversy that the idea of Android fragmentation has stirred up – indeed , it ’s probably the biggest argument used against Android by its detractors .
He does n’t directly address the fact that there are still a lot of devices in the wild that are running legacy versions of the operating system , and are unable to take advantage of some of the new APIs the newer versions have introduced , but instead implies that it does n’t necessarily matter anyways .
As long as you update the AndroidManifest.xml with the features your app requires access to , it should only show up in the Marketplace on devices that can support those features .
It also seems that the fragmentation problem is slowly reaching obsolescence , as Google have once again updated their platform version chart , and Android 2.1 is making serious progress :
Compare these numbers to those made available on May 17th , where Android 2.1 was at 37.2 % and 1.5 and 1.6 were at 34.1 % and 28.0 % respectively .
We ’ve seen a few devices that were stuck on 1.5 get the 2.1 update recently , namely the Sprint Hero , so that likely helped account for a decent chunk of 2.1 ’s gains .
We ’re quickly approaching the point where the number of handsets running 2.1 should outnumber the handsets running both 1.5 and 1.6 combined .
Regarding 2.2 , I ’m sure , initially at least , we ’ll see issues similar to those we ’ve seen in the past with 1.5 and 1.6 , but once the Android release schedule slows to once a year , I suspect this will become less and less of a problem .
Dan Morrill goes into considerable detail regarding fragmentation over at the Android Developers blog here , so I suggest giving that a look if long and gory details are your thing .
Source : Android Developers blog and Google Android Platform Version Chart
Alastair Grant / Associated Press
WIMBLEDON , England –-
The electronic scoreboard went haywire at 47 - 47 but the humans stood up pretty well for the longest match in tennis history .
Rotating roughly every 75 minutes , two teams of 14 linespeople and four groups of 28 ballboys and ballgirls moved on and off the court for all 7 hours 6 minutes , according to All England Lawn Tennis Club officials .
“ There are no days off , ” said a ballkids ’ supervisor when asked if the youngest employees of the tournament would be given time to recover from their stint on the sidelines of tennis history .
“ The scoreboard could n’t cope with any more data , ” said a press office employee who said he spoke to IBM programmers , who left the club after the match was concluded .
“ It was only programmed to go to 47 - 47 , ” he said , “ and they insisted it will be fixed by tomorrow . ”
The scoreboard failure left Court 18 without a technological method of keeping track of the score , but the chair umpire , Mohammed Lahyani of Sweden , provided a running account of the match by microphone .
Late Wednesday , tournament officials revised the order of play for Thursday , scheduling the Isner - Mahut match on the same court , starting no earlier than 3:30 p.m .
Earlier , there was speculation that in view of the historic nature of their match , Isner and Mahut would be asked to play on a show court , seating more than the 782 spectators who can squeeze into Court 18 ’s seats , which include a raised grandstand .
A spokeswoman said that tournament officials did not consider whether to move the match to a show court so it could be viewed by the Queen .
Space yacht powered by solar waves finally sets sail
Japan says its kite - shaped ' space yacht ' , designed to float through space using only the power of the sun , has successfully set sail .
A Japanese rocket last month launched the experimental ' Ikaros ' - Interplanetary Kite - craft Accelerated by Radiation of the Sun - designed to be propelled by the pressure of sunlight particles .
The technology could eventually enable space travel without fuel , as long as there is sunlight .
The device has a square , ultra - thin and flexible sail measuring 14 m by 14 m that is driven through space as it is pelted by solar particles
Similar to an ocean yacht pushed by wind , the device has a square , ultra - thin and flexible sail measuring 14 m by 14 m that will be driven through space as it is pelted by solar particles .
The sail , which was fully expanded on Thursday , is only a fraction of the thickness of a human hair and is partly coated with thin - film solar cells to generate electricity .
A statement from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) said : ' We have confirmed the full expansion of the sail and electric generation with thin film solar cells at about 7.7 million kilometres from Earth . '
JAXA will continue monitoring and studying ' navigation technology using the solar sail ' , it said .
The device was launched from the Tanegashima Space Centre on May 18 .
This image sent back from the Ikaros spacecraft shows a portion of its solar sail being unfurled
' It is a hybrid technology of electricity and pressure ' , Japanese Space Agency expert Yuichi Tsuda said .
' Solar sails are the technology that realises space travel without fuel as long as we have sunlight .
The availability of electricity would enable us to navigate farther and more effectively in the solar system . '
Scientists will steer the Ikaros by changing the angle at which sunlight particles bounce off the silver - coloured sail .
During a six - month mission they will head towards our sister planet Venus .
If this is a success JAXA are planning further missions to the red giant Jupiter and Trojan using sails more than twice as the size of the Ikaros .
A computer graphic reveals the deployment of the sail
The £ 35 million Ikaros is the first use of such technology in deep space .
Past experiments have limited crafts to orbits around Earth .
It 's name is an acronym for Interplanetary Kite - craft Accelerated by Radiation of the Sun .
It also alludes to the Greek mythic hero Icarus who flew too close to the Sun and fell into the sea .
' Unlike the mythical Icarus , this Ikaros will not crash , ' Mr Tsuda said .
Japan has become a major player in the space industry in recent years .
In 2008 it installed a £ 1 billion laboratory on board the International Space Station .
The space agency has proposed that the Japanese government send a wheeled robot to the moon in five years and build the world 's first lunar base by 2020 .
Under the plan , the robot's tasks would include setting up an observation device , gathering geological samples and sending data back to Earth .
The robot would also set up solar panels to generate energy .
This would cost Japan around £ 1 billion over the next 10 years .
THE INDUSTRIALIZATION OF TRAFFICPeople move well on their feet .
This primitive means of getting around will , on closer analysis , appear quite effective when compared with the lot of people in modern cities or on industrialized farms .
It will appear particularly attractive once it has been understood that modern Americans walk , on the average , as many miles as their ancestors -- most of them through tunnels , corridors , parking lots , and stores .
People on their feet are more or less equal .
People solely dependent on their feet move on the spur of the moment , at three to four miles per hour , in any direction and to any place from which they are not legally or physically barred .
An improvement on this native degree of mobility by new transport technology should be expected to safeguard these values and to add some new ones , such as greater range , time economies , comfort , or more opportunities for the disabled .
So far this is not what has happened .
Instead , the growth of the transportation industry has everywhere had the reverse effect .
From the moment its machines could put more than a certain horsepower behind any one passenger , this industry has reduced equality , restricted mobility to a system of industrially defined routes , and created time scarcity of unprecedented severity .
As the speed of their vehicles crosses a threshold , citizens become transportation consumers ...
More energy fed into the transportation system means that more people move faster over a greater range in the course of every day .
Everybody 's daily radius expands at the expense of being able to drop in on an acquaintance or walk through the park on the way to work .
Extremes of privilege are created at the cost of universal enslavement .
The few mount their magic carpets to travel between distant points that their ephemeral presence renders both scarce and seductive , while the many are compelled to trip farther and faster and to spend more time preparing for and recovering from their trips .
The captive tripper and the reckless traveler become equally dependent on transport .
Neither can do without it .
Occasional spurts to Acapulco or to a party congress dupe the ordinary passenger into believing that he has made it into the shrunk world of the powerfully rushed .
The occasional chance to spend a few hours strapped into a high - powered seat makes him an accomplice in the distortion of human space , and prompts him to consent to the design of his country 's geography around vehicles rather than around people .
The model American male devotes more than 1600 hours a year to his car .
He sits in it while it goes and while it stands idling .
He parks it and searches for it .
He earns the money to put down on it and to meet the monthly installments .
He works to pay for gasoline , tolls , insurance , taxes , and tickets .
He spends four of his sixteen waking hours on the road or gathering his resources for it .
And this figure does not take into account the time consumed by other activities dictated by transport : time spent in hospitals , traffic courts , and garages ; time spent watching automobile commercials or attending consumer education meetings to improve the quality of the next buy .
The model American puts in 1600 hours to get 7500 miles : less than five miles per hour .
In countries deprived of a transportation industry , people manage to do the same , walking wherever they want to go , and they allocate only 3 to 8 percent of their society 's time budget to traffic instead of 28 percent .
What distinguishes the traffic in rich countries from the traffic in poor countries is not more mileage per hour of lifetime for the majority , but more hours of compulsory consumption of high doses of energy , packaged and unequally distributed by the transportation industry .
SPEED - STUNNED IMAGINATIONPast a certain threshold of energy consumption , the transportation industry dictates the configuration of social space .
Motorways expand , driving wedges between neighbors and removing fields beyond the distance a farmer can walk .
Ambulances take clinics beyond the few miles a sick child can be carried .
The doctor will no longer come to the house , because vehicles have made the hospital into the right place to be sick .
Once heavy trucks reach a village high in the Andes , part of the local market disappears .
Later , when the high school arrives at the plaza along with the paved highway , more and more of the young people move to the city , until not one family is left which does not long for a reunion with someone hundreds of miles away , down on the coast .
The product of the transportation industry is the habitual passenger .
He has been boosted out of the world in which people still move on their own , and he has lost the sense that he stands at the center of his world .
The habitual passenger is conscious of the exasperating time scarcity that results from daily recourse to the cars , trains , buses , subways , and elevators that force him to cover an average of twenty miles each day , frequently criss - crossing his path within a radius of less than five miles .
He has been lifted off his feet .
No matter if he goes by subway or jet plane , he feels slower and poorer than someone else and resents the shortcuts taken by the privileged few who can escape the frustrations of traffic .
If he is cramped by the timetable of his commuter train , he dreams of a car .
If he drives , exhausted by the rush hour , he envies the speed capitalist who drives against the traffic .
The habitual passenger is caught at the wrong end of growing inequality , time scarcity , and personal impotence , but he can see no way out of this bind except to demand more of the same : more traffic by transport .
He stands in wait for technical changes in the design of vehicles , roads , and schedules ; or else he expects a revolution to produce mass rapid transport under public control .
In neither case does he calculate the price of being hauled into a better future .
He forgets that he is the one who will pay the bill , either in fares or in taxes .
He overlooks the hidden costs of replacing private cars with equally rapid public transport .
The habitual passenger cannot grasp the folly of traffic based overwhelmingly on transport .
His inherited perceptions of space and time and of personal pace have been industrially deformed .
He has lost the power to conceive of himself outside the passenger role .
To " gather " for him means to be brought together by vehicles .
He takes freedom of movement to be the same as one 's claim on propulsion .
He has lost faith in the political power of the feet and of the tongue .
As a result , what he wants is not more liberty as a citizen but better service as a client .
He does not insist on his freedom to move and to speak to people but on his claim to be shipped and to be informed by media .
He wants a better product rather than freedom from servitude to it .
It is vital that he come to see that the acceleration he demands is self - defeating , and that it must result in a further decline of equity , leisure , and autonomy .
DEGREES OF SELF - POWERED MOBILITYA century ago , the ball - bearing was invented .
It reduced the coefficient of friction by a factor of a thousand .
By applying a well - calibrated ball - bearing between two Neolithic millstones , a man could now grind in a day what took his ancestors a week .
The ball - bearing also made possible the bicycle , allowing the wheel -- probably the last of the great Neolithic inventions -- finally to become useful for self - powered mobility .
Man , unaided by any tool , gets around quite efficiently .
He carries one gram of his weight over a kilometer in ten minutes by expending 0.75 calories .
Man on his feet is thermodynamically more efficient than any motorized vehicle and most animals .
For his weight , he performs more work in locomotion than rats or oxen , less than horses or sturgeon .
At this rate of efficiency man settled the world and made its history .
At this rate peasant societies spend less than 5 per cent and nomads less than 8 per cent of their respective social time budgets outside the home or the encampment .
Man on a bicycle can go three or four times faster than the pedestrian , but uses five times less energy in the process .
He carries one gram of his weight over a kilometer of flat road at an expense of only 0.15 calories .
The bicycle is the perfect transducer to match man 's metabolic energy to the impedance of locomotion .
Equipped with this tool , man outstrips the efficiency of not only all machines but all other animals as well .
The ball - bearing signaled a true crisis , a true political choice .
It created an option between more freedom in equity and more speed .
The bearing is an equally fundamental ingredient of two new types of locomotion , respectively symbolized by the bicycle and the car .
The bicycle lifted man 's auto - mobility into a new order , beyond which progress is theoretically not possible .
In contrast , the accelerating individual capsule enabled societies to engage in a ritual of progressively paralyzing speed .
Bicycles are not only thermodynamically efficient , they are also cheap .
With his much lower salary , the Chinese acquires his durable bicycle in a fraction of the working hours an American devotes to the purchase of his obsolescent car .
The cost of public utilities needed to facilitate bicycle traffic versus the price of an infrastructure tailored to high speeds is proportionately even less than the price differential of the vehicles used in the two systems .
In the bicycle system , engineered roads are necessary only at certain points of dense traffic , and people who live far from the surfaced path are not thereby automatically isolated as they would be if they depended on cars or trains .
The bicycle has extended man 's radius without shunting him onto roads he cannot walk .
Where he cannot ride his bike , he can usually push it .
The bicycle also uses little space .
Eighteen bikes can be parked in the place of one car , thirty of them can move along in the space devoured by a single automobile .
It takes three lanes of a given size to move 40,000 people across a bridge in one hour by using automated trains , four to move them on buses , twelve to move them in their cars , and only two lanes for them to pedal across on bicycles .
Of all these vehicles , only the bicycle really allows people to go from door to door without walking .
The cyclist can reach new destinations of his choice without his tool creating new locations from which he is barred .
Bicycles let people move with greater speed without taking up significant amounts of scarce space , energy , or time .
They can spend fewer hours on each mile and still travel more miles in a year .
They can get the benefit of technological breakthroughs without putting undue claims on the schedules , energy , or space of others .
They become masters of their own movements without blocking those of their fellows .
Their new tool creates only those demands which it can also satisfy .
Every increase in motorized speed creates new demands on space and time .
The use of the bicycle is self - limiting .
It allows people to create a new relationship between their life - space and their life - time , between their territory and the pulse of their being , without destroying their inherited balance .
The advantages of modern self - powered traffic are obvious , and ignored .
That better traffic runs faster is asserted , but never proved .
Before they ask people to pay for it , those who propose acceleration should try to display the evidence for their claim .
Also see this follow - up by André Gorz , The Social Ideology of the Motorcar
Posted in TDD , programming | Wednesday , January 13th , 2010 | Trackback
Simplify , simplify , simplify !
– Henry David Thoreau
( A billboard I saw once . )
Part 1 : Mocking as a way of removing words
One of the benefits of mocks is that tests do n’t have to build up complicated object structures that have nothing essential to do with the purpose of a test .
For example , I have an entry point to a webapp that looks like this :
get ‘ /json/animals_that_can_be_taken_out_of_service ‘ , : date => ‘ 2009-01-01 ‘
It is to return a JSON version of something like this :
{ ‘ unused animals ‘ => [ ’ jake ‘] }
Jake can be taken out of service on Jan 1 , 2009 because he is not reserved for that day or any following day .
In typical object - oriented fashion , the controller does n’t do much except ask something else to do something .
The code will look something like this :
get ‘ /json/animals_that_can_be_taken_out_of_service ‘ do end
If I were testing this without mocks , I ’d be obliged to arrange things so that there would be examples of each of the categories .
Here ’s the creation of a minimal such structure :
jake = Animal .
random ( : name => ‘ jake ‘) brooke = Animal .
random ( : name => ‘ brooke ‘) Reservation .
random ( : date => Date . new ( 2009 , 1 , 1 ) ) do use brooke use Procedure .
random end
The random methods save a good deal of setup by defaulting unmentioned parameters and by hiding the fact that Reservations have_many Groups , Groups have_many Uses , and each Use has an Animal and a Procedure .
But they still distract the eye with irrelevant information .
For example , the controller method we ’re writing really cares nothing for the existence of Reservations or Procedures – but the test has to mention them .
That sort of thing makes tests harder to read and more fragile .
In constrast to this style of TDD , mocking lets the test ignore everything that the code can .
Here ’s a mock test for this controller method :
should “ return a list of animals with no pending reservations “ do brooke = Animal .
random ( : name => ‘ brooke ‘) jake = Animal .
random ( : name => ‘ jake ‘) during { get ‘ /json/animals_that_can_be_taken_out_of_service ‘ , : date => ‘ 2009 -01-01 ‘ }. behold !
{ @timeslice .
should_receive ( :move_to ) . once .
with ( Date . new ( 2009 , 1 , 1 ) ) @timeslice .
should_receive ( :animals_that_can_be_reserved ). once .
and_return ( [ brooke , jake ] ) @timeslice .
should_receive ( :hashes_from_animals_to_pending_dates ). once .
with ( [ brooke , jake ] ) .
and_return ( [ { brooke => [ Date .
new ( 2009 , 1 , 1 ) , Date .
new ( 2010 , 1 , 1 ) ]} , { jake => [ ] } ] ) } assert_json_response assert_jsonification_of (’ unused animals ‘ => [ ’ jake ‘] )
end
There are no Reservations and no Procedures and no code - discussions of irrelevant connections amongst objects .
The test is more terse and –I think–more understandable ( once you understand my weird conventions and allow for my inability to choose good method names ) .
That ’s an advantage of mocks .
Part 2 : Dynamic languages let you remove even more irrelevant detail
But I ’m starting to think we can actually go a little further in languages like Ruby and Objective - J. I ’ll use different code to show that .
When the client side of this app receives the list of animals that can be removed from service , it uses that to populate the GUI .
The user chooses some animals and clicks a button .
Various code ensues .
Eventually , a PersistentStore object spawns off a Future that asynchronously sends a POST request and deals with the response .
It does that by coordinating with two objects : one that knows about converting from the lingo of the program ( model objects and so forth ) into HTTP / JSON , and a FutureMaker that makes an appropriate future .
The real code and its test are written in Objective - J , but here ’s a version in Ruby :
should “ coordinate taking animals out of service “ do during { @sut .
remove_from_service ( ” some animals “ , “ an effective date “ ) }. behold !
{ @http_maker .
should_receive ( :take_animals_out_of_service_route ) .
at_least .
once .
and_return : “ some route “ @http_maker .
should_receive ( : POST_content_from ) . once .
with ( : date => ‘ an effective date ‘ , : animals => “ some animals “ ) . and_return ( ’ post content ‘) @future_maker .
should_receive ( :spawn_POST ). once .
with ( ’ some route ‘ , ‘ post content ‘) } end
I ’ve done something sneaky here .
In real life , remove_from_service will take actual Animal objects .
In Objective - J , they ’d be created like this :
betsy = [ [ Animal alloc ] initWithName : ‘ betsy ‘ kind : ‘ cow ‘] ;
But facts about Animals–that , say , they have names and kinds–are irrelevant to the purpose of this method .
All it does is hand an incoming list of them to a converter method .
So–in such a case –why not use strings that describe the arguments instead of the arguments themselves ?
@sut . remove_from_service ( ” some animals “ , “ an effective date “ )
In Java , type safety rarely lets you do that , but why let the legacy of Java affect us in languages like Ruby ?
Now , I ’m not sure how often these descriptive arguments are a good idea .
One could argue that integration errors are a danger with mocks anyway , and that not using real examples of what flows between objects only increases that danger .
Or that the increase in clarity for some is outweighed by a decrease for others : if you do n’t understand what ’s meant by the strings , there ’s nothing ( like looking at how test data was constructed ) to help you .
I have n’t found either of those to be a problem yet , but it is my own code after all .
( I will note that I do add some type hints .
For example , I ’m increasingly likely to write this :
@sut . remove_from_service ( [ ” some animals “ ] , “ an effective date “ )
I ’ve put “ some animals ” in brackets to emphasize that the argument is an array . )
If you ’ve done something similar to this , let ’s talk about it at a conference sometime .
In the next few months , I ’ll be at Speakerconf , the Scandinavian Developer Conference , Philly Emerging Tech , an Agile Day in Costa Rica , and possibly Scottish Ruby Conference .
CAIRO - Security at Cairo's international airport on Wednesday stopped an Egyptian man trying to smuggle eight live foxes and 50 chameleons in a huge suitcase out of the country .
Police stopped the 36 - year - old traveler and asked him to open his suspiciously large suitcase , revealing the squirming mass of animals confined in small plastic cages .
Brig .
Gen. Mustafa Salah of airport security said they confiscated the animals and will turn them over to the Cairo zoo .
According to Salah , the man said he planned to sell the animals in Thailand , use the money to buy cell phone parts and a computer that he would resell upon returning to Egypt .
Transporting live reptiles out of the country is illegal in Egypt .
Though he was released by police , the man elected to stay in Egypt saying he did not want to be separated from his animals .
Airport officials often confiscate live animals being smuggled out of Cairo , often for destinations in the Gulf .
In 2007 , police stopped a man carrying a large numbers of reptiles , including baby crocodiles , chameleons and a cobra , he said were for use at a Saudi university .
In another case that year , a Saudi was discovered with 700 snakes in his carry on luggage .
He told authorities they were popular as pets in his country .
Update : Turkey will reportedly send military escort with future Gaza aid boats
In what could be a serious blow to Israel ’s narrative on the killing of at least nine humanitarian activists making their way to Gaza through international waters , raw video by an Al Jazeera producer , who was filming during the raid , appears to provide evidence that the IDF opened fire on the flotilla even before boarding it .
ADVERTISEMENT
Israeli forces assert they came under attack by the pro-Palestine civilian group , and video released by the IDF appears to show one soldier being tossed overboard amid a scuffle with unidentified individuals wielding melee weapons , like clubs and chairs .
However , in raw video captured by an Al Jazeera producer and published to YouTube late Monday , two journalists provide a play - by - play of the harrowing event as pops and cracks echo in the background .
Even before the Israeli forces were aboard , one says , they were pelting the boat with tear gas and stun grenades , injuring numerous people .
Then he confirms the first death , saying the individual was killed by “ munitions , ” but not specifying whether it was a bullet or something else .
Then he confirms that Israeli forces were boarding the ship .
Another of the reporters featured in the video works for the Iranian network Press TV .
“ We are being hit by tear gas , stun grenades , we have navy ships on either side , helicopters overhead , ” he said .
“ We are being attacked from every single side .
This is in international waters , not Israeli waters , not in the 68 - mile exclusion zone .
We are being attacked in international waters completely illegally . ”
“ The organizers are telling me now , they are raising a white flag — they are raising a white flag to the Israeli army , ” the Al Jazeera reporter said .
“ This is after one person has been killed ; a civilian has been killed by munition .
That number could be more …
Despite the white flag being raised , despite the white flag being raised , the Israeli army is still shooting , still firing live munitions . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Early reports put the number of victims between nine and 19 , with dozens injured .
( Update : Figures from major wire services put the number at 10 , but it may yet change . )
The actual number has not yet been confirmed , as the IDF took all the Gaza aid flotilla participants into custody .
Numerous victims were reported to be from Turkey .
Palestinian leadership called the incident a “ war crime . ”
Israeli ally Turkey also pledged their regional neighbor will “ face the consequences ” for the killings and reportedly planned to send military escort with a future Gaza aid flotilla .
“ At least four Israeli soldiers were wounded in the operation , some from gunfire , according to the military , ” The New York Times added .
“ Our soldiers had to defend themselves , to defend their lives , ” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reportedly said .
Other Israeli officials have called the charity organization responsible a group of “ extremist supporters of terror . ”
The IDF also alleged that weapons were found on board and that activists opened fire first , calling the the resulting violence a result of “ provocation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
However , if these reporters ’ immediate accounting of the events proves accurate , the truth of Israel ’s claim that they opened fire in self defense would seem to be in doubt .
Portions of the raw video were featured by Al Jazeera and AFP , although the beginning segment and the most clear allegations that Israel opened fire before boarding were not included in their entirety .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was published to YouTube by user WilliamTomg on May 31 , 2010 .
The action sparked protests around the world within hours .
ADVERTISEMENT
In Turkey crowds took to the streets in several cities to vent fury after the storming of a Turkish passenger boat in the flotilla that left at least nine dead , most of them believed to be Turkish nationals .
“ Damn Israel ! ” , “ A tooth for a tooth , an eye for an eye , revenge , revenge ! ” yelled protesters in Istanbul where about 10,000 people converged on the central Taksim square after marching from the Israeli consulate .
“ Turkish soldiers to Gaza , ” shouted some , as others torched Israeli flags .
“ I call on the government to expel the Israeli consul …
And if necessary , we are ready for war , ” Seref Mangal , 40 , told AFP .
A banner carried by the crowd read : “ Close down the Zionist embassy . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In the capital Ankara about 1,000 people gathered outside the residence of Israeli ambassador Gabby Levy and shouted “ Damn the Zionist murderers ! ” and “ Israel will drown in the blood of the martyrs ! ” .
They threw eggs and plastic bottles into the garden of the residency .
Reports said demonstrations were held in dozens of cities across the country .
In London more than 1,000 people — some of whom had friends on the ships carrying aid to blockaded Gaza — protested outside the residence of British Prime Minister David Cameron and the Israeli embassy .
Chanting “ Free Palestine ” and brandishing the Palestinian flag and banners condemning Israeli “ war crimes ” , activists blocked a major route through the capital .
Hundreds of police stood guard outside the embassy .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We have close friends on the boat on which people were killed and we are here waiting for news , ” said Kate Hudson , the chairwoman of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament .
In Paris about 500 people joined a noisy protest near the Israeli embassy , waving Palestinian flags and shouting “ Palestine will survive , Palestine will conquer ” .
Scuffles broke out when a dozen rival protestors waving Israeli flags approached , prompting police to fire tear gas , but calm was soon restored .
Another 1,300 people rallied in the city of Lille .
Greek police used tear gas to force back around 1,500 protesters outside the Israeli embassy in Athens , while another 2,000 people rallied in the northern city of Thessaloniki .
In Lebanon thousands of Palestinian refugees and activists waving Palestinian flags and banners marched in the country ’s 12 refugee camps .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Where is the international community ?
Where are human rights ? ” they chanted in the Al - Bass camp in the southern coastal city of Tyre .
In Beirut hundreds gathered in the city centre called on Israeli embassies in the Arab world to be shut down and for Israeli ambassadors to be expelled .
At a demonstration of about 3,000 people at the Beddawi camp in the northern city of Tripoli , anger also turned on Israel ’s traditional ally , the United States .
“ God is great and America is the greatest evil , ” they chanted .
“ Give us weapons , give us weapons and send us on to Gaza . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
There were even demonstrations inside Israel , where hundreds of protestors flooded the streets of the northern Arab city of Nazareth as Israeli police raised the level of alert across the country and deployed reinforcements .
More than 2,000 people in Amman protested what Jordan ’s Information Minister Nabil Sharif dubbed a “ heinous crime ” .
Demonstrators included Islamist opposition leaders and carried banners that read “ We Will not Surrender ” and “ Break Gaza Blockade . ”
They also demanded that Jordan shut down the Jewish state ’s embassy and expel the Israeli ambassador .
In Iran ’s capital Tehran , dozens of people pelted stones at the UN office chanting : “ This savage regime of Israel must be wiped out . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
They burnt the Israeli flag and tore up pictures of US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
In Pakistan politicians , lawmakers and journalists staged a peaceful protest in Islamabad , denouncing the killings and calling on the United Nations and the United States to intervene .
Hundreds of Bosnians marched through Sarajevo , brandishing Palestinian flags .
“ We wanted to raise our voice to denounce a new attempt at genocide in modern times , ” one of the organisers , Edvin Cudic , told Srna news agency .
Around 200 people demonstrated outside the UN ’s European headquarters in Geneva demanding an inquiry into the raid , while in the Netherlands 400 rallied outside the Israeli embassy in The Hague .
ADVERTISEMENT
There were also protests in Egypt while in Kuwait activists were planning rallies .
After Israeli PM
Netanyahu canceled a planned meeting with President Obama , the White House stressed the importance of “ learning all the facts ” before jumping to conclusions .
With AFP .
Updated from an original version .
Our monthly guide for stargazers
◼ Bright Mars is at opposition and visible all night long .
Jupiter and Saturn are in the evening sky and can be seen as soon as darkness falls .
Venus is shining brilliantly before dawn .
Look for variable star Mira , shining at its brightest .
Conditions are ideal for the Orionid meteor shower .
There are two full moons in October – on the 1st and the 31st .
Here ’s more about the planets , stars and other objects you can see in the night sky in October 2020 .
The stars in October
For countries in the northern hemisphere , the nights continue to lengthen with more hours of darkness in which to enjoy the stars .
As it gets dark in early October , northern skywatchers can spot the Summer Triangle roughly due south in the heavens .
This is not a constellation in itself , but a pattern made up of the brightest stars in three others – Vega in Lyra , Deneb in Cygnus , and Altair in Aquila .
The Milky Way runs overhead , though Cygnus and down to the southern horizon .
From northerly latitudes , the centre of the galaxy , with the richest part of the Milky Way , lies low over the southern horizon at this time , in Sagittarius .
Over to the east , the Great Square of Pegasus hangs above the horizon , though the star marking the upper left ( north - eastern ) corner of this square actually belongs to the neighbouring constellation of Andromeda .
Look along the line of stars of Andromeda to see the extended glow of Messier 31 , the Andromeda Galaxy , which is unmissable with binoculars .
Not far below Andromeda , as seen from northern latitudes , you can find a smaller galaxy , Triangulum , that is home to another nearby galaxy , Messier 33 .
North of Andromeda lies Cassiopeia which looks like the letter “ w ” in the evening at this time of year .
Between Andromeda and the bright star Capella in the north - east , you can find Perseus , a constellation with some fine sights including the Double Cluster and a famous eclipsing variable star , Algol .
Over in the western sky , constellations sinking towards the horizon during September evenings include Hercules , Bootes and Corona Borealis .
Mars shows up clearly close to the Moon in a photo taken in broad daylight , on the morning of 6 September , with a Canon EOS 600D camera fitted with a 600 mm mirror lens .
Image credit : Paul Sutherland
The planets in October 2020
Mercury
Mercury reaches its greatest eastern elongation in the evening sky on 1 October , but whether or not you can see it depends on where you are in the world .
From northern latitudes , the planet will be too low over the horizon to see as dusk fades .
But if you are observing from equatorial latitudes , or in the southern hemisphere , Mercury will lie much higher in the sky in the twilit sky , and be easier to see for the first week or so , as long as you have a clear western horizon .
As the month opens , Mercury will shine at zero magnitude , which is brighter than most stars .
During the second week of October , it will be sinking back towards the Sun and fading too , becoming only half as bright , and tricky to observe by the 14th .
Read more about Mercury .
Venus
Venus remains a dazzling object in the morning sky , rising four hours before the Sun at the start of October .
It will then lie in Leo , close to its brightest star Regulus ( α Leonis ) .
Watch as it closes in on this first - magnitude star , until they lie just 12 arc minutes apart at 02:20 UT on 3 October .
This is before the planet rises from the UK , western Europe and , indeed , the USA .
However they will still present a close and interesting spectacle when they do lift above your local horizon .
Venus , shining at magnitude - 4 , will be very much brighter than Regulus .
Watch over the next few mornings as Venus rapidly moves away from Regulus .
The waning crescent Moon will lie close to Venus on the 14th , offering a nice photographic opportunity .
Read more about planet Venus , and also see our guide to observing Venus .
Mars
Mars reaches opposition on 13 October – when it will lie on the opposite side of the sky to the Sun – offering the best opportunity to see it well since July 2018 .
With Mars and Earth lying on the same side of the Sun , the Red Planet shines at a brilliant - 2.6 magnitude in the constellation of Pisces .
Mars now shows a diameter of more than 22 arc - seconds , more than five times its apparent size at the start of this year when it was much further away .
Because of the non-circular shapes of our orbits , Mars actually gets closest to Earth a week before opposition , on 6 October , when it will lie just over 62 million km from us .
Even a small telescope will show some detail on the martian rusty - coloured disk .
A larger instrument will be able to pick out dark features , as well as the prominent white south polar cap , which is tilted towards us .
Being at opposition , Mars will be visible throughout the night .
The Full Moon will lie close by in the sky on the night of the 2nd / 3rd , so do n’t miss the chance to get a great photo !
In fact , if you aim a telephoto lens at the Moon after sunrise , Mars will be bright enough to appear in the photo , despite the broad daylight .
Read our guide to Mars .
Mars on the night of 30 September , captured with A Basler CCD camera fitted to the 1 - metre telescope at Puimichel , France .
Image credit : Dany Cardoen
Jupiter
Giant planet Jupiter is visible from nightfall and now sets before midnight at the start of October .
It is another planet that is currently on a southerly part of the ecliptic , in the constellation of Sagittarius , the view is much better from southern latitudes , such as Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , or South America , where Jupiter will be high in the sky .
It is now shining brightly , though fading slightly from magnitude - 2.2 to - 2.1 over the course of the month , so is easy to spot , despite being low down for observers in the northern hemisphere .
Even a small telescope will reveal the cloud belts on Jupiter and its four main moons , the Galilean satellites Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto .
The planet Saturn lies a little to the east of Jupiter .
The Moon will be close by on the night of the 22nd .
Read more about planet Jupiter .
Saturn
The ringed planet , another gas giant , is also visible from dusk until soon after midnight as October opens .
Saturn shines at around magnitude 0.6 , like one of the brightest stars , and with a yellowish light .
Sadly again for northern hemisphere observers , Saturn is low in the sky , lying not far from Jupiter , in the constellation of Sagittarius .
The pair are gradually closing together and will be in very close conjunction in December .
From the southern hemisphere , Saturn rises higher in the sky , and so this will be an ideal time to observe it and its beautiful rings .
Read more about Saturn .
Uranus
Uranus lies in the constellation of Aries , and is another planet to reach opposition in October , on the 31st .
It will then be visible all night long .
In a dark sky , this planet is theoretically visible with the unaided eye , shining at a dim magnitude 5.7 .
However , you are unlikely to see it without binoculars , while a telescope will help to reveal its greenish disk .
Read more about Uranus .
Neptune
The outer ice giant was at opposition in September and so is visible from nightfall for most of the night , in the constellation of Aquarius .
It is a couple of magnitudes fainter than its twin , Uranus , and shines at magnitude 7.8 this month .
You will be able to glimpse it with binoculars , or a small telescope .
Read more about Neptune .
Meteors from Halley ’s Comet
A bright Orionid captured in Orion in 2017 .
Image credit : Paul Sutherland
One of the year ’s more reliable meteor showers , the Orionids , can be seen in October .
These “ shooting stars ” are dust left by Halley ’s Comet and one of two annual showers from that comet .
The official limits of activity for the Orionids are from October 2 to November 7 , with the peak occurring on the night of October 22 - 23 .
Rates seen for a single observer under ideal conditions are expected to be around a moderate 20 meteors per hour , so observing around the peak date will give you the best chance of seeing anything .
On the night of maximum , the shower ’s radiant , in the club wielded by mighty hunter Orion , rises at around 10 pm local time from mid-northern latitudes .
You wo n’t see any Orionids before then when it is below the horizon .
The Moon will be a waxing crescent , setting by late evening on the night of maximum , making this a great year to watch the Orionids .
Related : How to see the Orionid meteor shower in 2020
Related : About the Orionid meteor shower
Variable star Mira is at its best
Mira is indicated in this photo taken from Preston Montford , Shropshire , England , on 30 November , 2018 .
Image credit : Paul Sutherland
One of the most interesting stars in the night sky for casual sky - watchers is Mira , or ο Ceti , because it has a huge range in brightness .
Mira can brighten to second magnitude , making it easy to see with the unaided eye , but regularly fades to as faint as tenth magnitude when a small telescope is needed to see it !
At the end of August , Mira had brightened to magnitude 4 , making it a naked - eye sight in a dark sky .
It is expected to be brightest in October .
Why not check it out for yourself ?
Here is our special guide to observing Mira .
The Moon
Full Moon : Oct 1
Last Quarter : Oct 10
New Moon : Oct 16
First Quarter : Oct 23
Full Moon : Oct 31
The Moon always makes a great target for a small telescope , which come into view as its phases change .
We ’ve a guide to where to find 50 of the best lunar features , plus a checklist to download so you can tick them off as you spot them !
Do n’t have a telescope ?
Here ’s our guide to choosing one .
Fifty fantastic features – our amazing Moon
Here ’s our guide to observing some of the finest sights on the Moon with small telescopes .
Our pages of charts will help you find interesting features to seek out yourself , including craters , lava flows , mountain ranges and deep chasms !
★ Keep up with space news and observing tips .
Click here to sign up for alerts to our latest reports .
No spam ever - we promise !
JERUSALEM — The United Nations will take to Gaza tons of aid supplies languishing in an Israeli port for two weeks since they were seized in a bloody sea confrontation , the Israeli military said Tuesday .
Robert Serry , the U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , told the U.N. Security Council in New York that Israel agreed to release the cargo " on the understanding that it is for the United Nations to determine its appropriate humanitarian use in Gaza . "
The military said the aid , taken from a six - ship Gaza - bound flotilla , would fill 70 trucks .
Up to now , the Hamas rulers of Gaza have refused to accept the aid as a protest against Israel 's three - year blockade of the territory .
Hamas had no comment on the arrangement , under which the U.N. would take charge of seeing that the aid would be used in authorized humanitarian projects .
The Israeli military statement noted that Israel offered to let the flotilla land at an Israeli port , and then transfer the aid overland to Gaza after inspection , but flotilla organizers refused .
The May 31 raid on the flotilla , when Israeli commandos clashed with pro-Palestinian activists and killed nine , has focused world attention on the blockade and its dire effects on Gaza 's 1.5 million people .
Israel has been under intense international pressure to ease or lift the embargo since the clash .
With Egypt 's cooperation , Israel has blockaded Gaza by land and sea since Hamas overran Gaza three years ago .
The embargo has allowed in little more than food , medicine and basic humanitarian goods , causing Gaza 's already depressed economy to grind to a standstill .
The embargo was meant to keep out weapons that would be turned on Israel , weaken the Hamas government and pressure militants to release an Israeli soldier who has been held for four years .
It bans building supplies like concrete from entering Gaza , on the ground that Hamas could use such materials to build fortifications .
Israel 's top - level Security Cabinet was set to meet Wednesday to discuss easing the blockade , senior officials said .
There was no word about whether decisions were expected .
One proposal said to be on the table is to scrap Israel 's list of permitted items and replace it with a list of goods Israel bans -- allowing all other products in .
In a typical week , Israel transfers about 500 truckloads of supplies to Gaza , plus 250,000 gallons of fuel for Gaza 's electric power station , according to military figures .
Goldman Sachs reportedly has two Washington lawyers with deep experience in congressional investigations helping its executives to prepare for a hearing Tuesday .
And if a recent interview with one of the lawyers is any indication , the executives will be providing as little information as possible .
O’Melveny & Myers partner K. Lee Blalack II spoke to The American Lawyer for a March 2009 story about what it ’s like to prepare clients for a congressional hearing .
His advice : a congressional hearing room is not a forum for getting at the truth .
A day in the klieg lights , he said , should end with minimal damage to reputation while not complicating a client ’s position in other investigations or litigation .
“ Long , thoughtful pauses followed by rambling non-responsive answers can easily devour half of a member ’s allotted questioning time , ” Blalack told The American Lawyer , which is a sibling publication of The National Law Journal and The Blog of Legal Times .
The New York Times reported this weekend that Goldman Sachs has hired Blalack , a partner in O’Melveny ’s Washington office , and Michael Bopp , a Washington partner at Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher .
According to the Times , the lawyers advising Goldman Sachs on an ongoing Senate inquiry , which includes a hearing Tuesday that will feature CEO Lloyd Blankfein and six other current or former Goldman Sachs executives .
Blalack formerly worked for the committee that ’s hosting the hearing , the Senate ’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations .
Bopp formerly worked for its parent , the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs .
Neither returned calls today requesting comment on their new client .
Bopp is chair of Gibson Dunn ’s financial services crisis team , which the firm created in fall 2008 in response to the meltdown of financial markets .
Weeks earlier , he had been associate director of the Office of Management and Budget .
“ A month ago I was sitting at OMB and would have been handling this [ crisis ] from the other side , ” Bopp told The National Law Journal at the time .
“ We put this [ group ] together because our clients have an interest in Washington ’s response .
There is a groundswell within Congress for a wholesale re-evaluation and modernization of the financial markets regulatory system . ”
Bopp has lobbied for Goldman Sachs since Nov. 1 , records show .
Also the co-chair of Gibson Dunn ’s public policy group , Bopp has a client list that includes General Electric Capital Corp. , which needed help lobbying on the Troubled Asset Relief Program ; Ticketmaster , which faced congressional scrutiny over its proposed merger with Live Nation ; and the Business Roundtable , an association of chief executives .
Like Gibson Dunn , O’Melveny stepped up its crisis - related representation after the economic crisis began .
Blalack told The American Lawyer that he was managing eight investigations involving five clients in the financial services industry , most of which he said he could not discuss publicly .
In 2006 , he represented Hewlett - Packard Co. ’s general counsel , Ann Baskins , who resigned hours before she was scheduled to testify before a House committee about boardroom leaks .
Blalack and another lawyer , Cristina Arguedas of Arguedas , Cassman & Headley , had advised Baskins to invoke her Fifth Amendment protection against giving self - incriminating testimony .
Blalack also represented former Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling during Skilling ’s congressional testimony ; then - Sen . Pete Domenici ( R - N.M. ) in a variety of investigations into the firing of David Iglesias , former U.S. attorney for New Mexico ; and then - Rep. Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham ( R - Calif . ) in a bribery investigation .
Building a Farrowing Hut
Once upon a time there were four pigs .
Sisters .
They had a pond , a couple of shelters and a forest .
One day , a handsome prince moved in .
Prince Steve .
He brought another shelter with him .
The four sisters each loved the handsome prince .
Equally .
The Evil Emporer Paul ( EEP ) ( yours truly ) knew that the gestation period for a pig is three months , three weeks and three days .
Knowing that the four pigs had lost some kin due to their mama rolling on them , EEP developed an evil plot : " I will make farrowing huts so that more baby pigs will survive .
I can then sell more baby pigs and make a profit !
( ka - ching ! )
And if I can make two farrowing huts in one structure , I 'll cut costs !
( ka - ching again ! ) "
First , there must be a floor .
Pigs wo n't poop or pee on a floor , and a floor will keep them cleaner , so they get to have one .
And since the hut will need to be moved , it will need skids .
Logs will do .
The logs ended up a little crooked , but no big deal .
After attaching the floor , walls are needed .
The walls will be attached to the floor , but the part where one would attach is mighty crooked .
So the crookedness is sawed off .
And then the part where one would attach the walls seems a little small .
So a 2x4 is attached to the edge of the floor to make it thicker .
The 2x4 in the front is attached to the bottom so that little pigs might have a better chance of getting back in .
The wall is started in the front .
The two doors are in the middle .
The front wall is done .
The framing for the back is started - you can get an idea of what the slope of the roof will look like .
Note the wall detail .
One function is to keep the wind out .
Another is to not be too heavy that the tractor cannot pull it .
Finally , if a pig leans against the wall , it should not break .
Both 1x4 and 2x4 keep the wind out .
1x4 is lighter .
2x4 is more resistant to pig abuse .
Here you can see " Dane The Serf " hard at work ( you do n't expect His Royal Highness to do physical labor do you ? ) .
The dividing wall is done and some of the roof rafters are in place .
The back wall is partially complete .
The back wall is complete and " Dane The Serf " is starting on a side wall .
Another wall complete !
The walls are done .
The rafters are all in .
" Dane The Serf !
Fetch me some wood ! "
There are two things left to do : add the metal roof and provide something for the tractor to connect to .
There is some rusty , frayed , bent 3/ 4 inch cable lying about ...
The U clamp for such thick cable is kind of expensive , so Dane The Serf cuts the cable , cuts some scrap iron and then welds scrap iron to one end of the cable .
It 's a bit of a grunt fest to get that bent up , rusty , frayed cable through the one inch holes drilled in the logs , but it is finally accomplished .
And Dane 's cable end looks pretty damn good :
An important feature for any farrowing hut is to have a board that gives the piglets a place to escape from mama :
And now for the maiden voyage :
Not even two minutes and the girls and Prince Steve have to check it out !
And presto !
Thanks !
If you like this article , please link to me .
Click on one ( or many ) of the social network links below .
Linking to this article from a forum is nice .
Or even better , mention this article in a blog !
Many thanks !
Robots have replaced humans on assembly lines , battlefields , space missions and rescue operations .
Now how about doing something useful , like sitting through endless meetings for you ?
Meet the Anybots QB , a telepresence robot that can represent you in the office by sitting in conference rooms , going to meetings and rolling about through the cubicle farm .
The whole time it does so , it displays a live webcam video of your face , while transmitting to you a live video and audio stream of whatever it 's looking at .
" The QB is an extension of you , " Bob Christopher , chief operating officer of Anybots told Wired.com .
" It removes the barriers between people and work so people can teleport themselves to the office space . "
Christopher was formerly the chief executive officer of Ugobe , which made the ill - fated Pleo robotic dinosaur toys .
Ugobe closed its doors last year , having failed to make a commercial success of its eerily lifelike toys .
QB wo n't replace video conferencing , says Christopher , but it 's a way to look over the shoulder of your colleagues and employees without actually getting into the office .
The robot can be manipulated by a user at home or any other location using just a web browser , and can transmit its master 's voice and video .
Think of it as a self - propelled Skype - cam on a stick .
A device with Segway - like balancing properties , the QB has two eyes shaped like a bug 's that give it an aesthetic similar to Pixar 's Wall - E .
The cameras ( and screen ) are mounted atop an adjustable pole , putting them at approximately eye level with your coworkers .
QB has eight hours of battery life , supports 802.11g Wi - Fi , comes with a 5 - megapixel video camera and a top speed of 3.5 miles per hour .
A 320 x 240 LCD screen on QB offers videos and photos , and acts as a control panel .
The $ 15,000 robot will be available in fall , says Anybots .
Finding ways to make telecommuting easier for office workers or helping teams spread across different locations work together has been a major area of research and product development in robotics .
Research firm Gartner estimates the video - conferencing market could grow 17.8 percent between 2008 and 2013 , rising from $ 3.8 billion to $ 8.6 billion .
Anybots is n't the only company to try mixing telepresence and robots .
Companies like iRobot and WowWee tried to capture some part of that business .
IRobot announced ConnectR , a Roomba with a video camera , while WowWee 's Rovio is a little three - wheeled webcam bot .
The ConnectR was quietly killed during the Consumer Electronics Show last year , while Rovio lives on .
Willow Garage , a Palo Alto robotics company , has also created a telepresence robot called Texai , though that 's not on sale yet .
QB offers a similar experience but makes it more polished – and not so close to the ground .
The robot weighs about 35 pounds and its neck can go from 3 feet to 5 feet , 9 inches .
And it 's easy to use , says Christopher .
Open up a web browser , log in and with just the Up and Down controls on your computer keyboard , you can move the QB around .
The QB has an Intel Core 2 Duo processor and will soon support 3G networks .
And because the robot is not tied to one user , it can be used by different employees logging in from an external location , says Christopher .
" Put a QB in the office and anyone who 's not there can take the robot and move it over to someone else ' desk , " he says .
" After the first few minutes , people forget they are talking to a robot . "
That may be possible , but it is difficult to imagine that most companies will want to purchase many of these robots , no matter what the advantages are .
At $ 15,000 apiece , they do n't come cheap .
Check out the video below to see Anybots ' QB at work :
See Also :
PVC , wood , and some creativity bring this Stargate duplicate to life .
[ Mango ] and his father started with AutoCad drawings taped together , and ended with the Stargate you see before you .
Sure it ’s not 22 foot in diameter and not made of Naquadah , but its inner ring rotates and dials like the real thing and it has all 39 symbols – hand carved .
Catch a fun and entertaining video with the Stargate after the break .
[ via SciFiWire ]
The death penalty is a hotly contested political debate , but it was n’t always so controversial .
Executions have been the ultimate punishment in societies since humanity formed even the semblance of civilization .
The means of execution has been incredibly brutal and varied , and here are 10 of the most intense , terrifying , and violent means of execution :
Walking the Plank
Walking the plank has been a joking part of pirate fiction present in even the tamest childhood tales .
The real life version is not so cheery , however , if you truly envision the scene … you , terrified , with your limbs tied ( or not ) as you ’re forced at sword point to step out into shark infested waters in the middle of the ocean , knowing you wo n’t be saved .
A prolonged and salty death is not how I would like to go , disappearing under the waves when my mind can no longer overcome my physical limits .
Cement Shoes
( Images via myamazingfact , arisgeorgiades )
Modern gangsters have taken a queue from the pirates of times past , and created an urban version of walking the plank .
“ Sleeping with the fishes ” has become a part of the lexicon , in reference to the cement shoes that vengeful gangsters force on their unwilling client ’s feet .
Like the most terrifying shoe salesmen in the world , they ’ll make your shoes fit for an eternity , as they throw you off the side of a bridge .
Seppuku
Seppuku is a culturally mandated suicide ritual in Japan that was conducted almost entirely by Samurai , as part of their code of honor ( bushido ) .
To prevent themselves from falling into enemy hands , or to recover from a felonious or otherwise shameful act , seppuku involves disembowelment with a short blade , preferably with a close friend to end the deed with a swift decapitation .
Seppuku has been recorded as recently as 1970 , after a failed coup d’etat .
The Gridiron
( Images via wikipedia , mirrorservice , headlesshistoricals )
The horrors of the gridiron are immediately visible to anyone who has held a cookout in their backyard ; it ’s basically broiling someone alive on a grate over a bed of coals .
A favored execution for discontents and those considered treasonous , it was a horrible way to die .
The Brazen Bull
The brazen bull was a bronze oven in the shape of a bull , just large enough to fit an adult .
The offender would be placed in the belly of the beast , and sealed inside .
Heating elements would be placed directly below the bull until the screams and smoke of the roasting victim would come out of the bulls mouth .
This was a dramatic , and excruciating , way to go .
The Gas Chamber
( Images via occc , paulrodgers9w )
The gas chamber was put to mass effect during the holocaust in World War II , and used as a human form of execution since 1924 , until the final case in 1999 .
In the late 20th century the gas chamber was outlawed as cruel and unusual punishment , as several cases of inmates taking up to 11 minutes to die swayed the public into rejecting it as an option .
The Firing Squad
The firing squad has been around as long as gunpowder .
To assuage the conscience of firing squad members , one of the shooters is typically given a blank , so , if necessary , each member of the squad can tell themselves they were the innocent member .
This is still a common ( though less formalized ) form of execution in much of the world .
The most recent example in the United States was in Utah as recently as June 2010 .
The Electric Chair
Much like the gas chamber , the electric chair was seen as a humane advancement , using the power of science to cause a quick end to a cruel life .
Just like the gas chamber , this was not always the case .
Several mistakes marred the history of the electric chair , as prolonged public scenes led tales to spread like wildfire about the horrific spasms and blood that was seen by most as cruel .
Crushing ( Pressing )
( Images via fanac , listverse )
Made famous in America because of the case of GIles Correy ( the only American documented to have been killed with this technique ) , who was pressed to death during the Salem Witch Trials in Salem , Massachusetts .
He was placed between two large boards as increasing weight was placed on top , in an attempt to get him to confess to being a witch .
Giles refused , and it ’s said his last words were “ more weight . ”
Burned at the Stake
Being burned at the stake is a prevalent film cliche ( much like walking the plank ) that ’s popular mostly because of its brutality , and the suspenseful preparation required , as pieces of wood are slowly placed around the victim , who is tied to a post in the center .
Death by fire is said to be one of the most incredibly painful , and just from standing around a large bonfire , it ’s pretty easy to tell how excruciating such a death would be .
Kentucky Senate Candidate Rand Paul took his surprisingly popular brand of crazy to some real unpopular depths the other day by suggesting that he supported a business ' right to discriminate based on race .
Rachel Maddow Grilled him tonight .
Click to view
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
This week , Paul beat out the establishment - backed candidate Trey Grayson in the Republican primary , putting him that much closer to becoming America 's first real Tea Party senator .
( Scott Brown does n't count because he 's not really crazy enough . )
He celebrated by suggesting to the Lousiville Courier - Journal that he supported a businesses ' right to put up a big ' ole WHITES ONLY sign , because it is a private business and if it 's racist , just do n't patronize it !
See , Paul liked the Civil Rights Act , which desegregated the South .
But !
I do n't like the idea of telling private business owners – I abhor racism – I think it 's a bad business decision to ever exclude anybody from your restaurant .
But at the same time I do believe in private ownership .
So Rachel Maddow asked Paul over and over again if he would support allowing a business to exclude gays or blacks ; he kept going on long rambles , without really answering the question .
But it 's simple : Rand Paul hates racism , but wants to allow businesses to be racist .
He would definitely support a segregated Applebee 's as long as it instantly went bankrupt because no one liked its racist food .
He basically loves the idea of the possibility that somewhere in America someone could open up a racist business , but as soon as that business becomes a reality he hates it .
Ideally , racist businesses would shift between existence and non-existence at a rate approaching infinity , such that they opened and closed at exactly the same time , thus providing maximum individual freedom and minimum racism .
It 's so simple !
Why ca n't Rachel Maddow get that through her thick Liberal elitist skull ?
[ HuffPo ]
Here 's the full video :
Click to view
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Intelligence
Mozart effect–Shmozart effect : A meta-analysis
lab affiliation
It 's a shame that it took us 17 years to put the " Mozart makes you smart " meme to rest .
I wonder how much money in research grants was wasted over the years ( 40 studies ! ) on the question .
So , a big thanks to Pietschnig , Voracek , and Formann for debunking the Mozart - effect theory .
I predict that the theory will - unfortunately - survive in popular culture , for a long time to come ; but if it leads to people learning to enjoy good music , it might be worth it .
doi:10.1016/j.intell.2010.03.001Jakob
Pietschnig et al .
The transient enhancement of performance on spatial tasks in standardized tests after exposure to the first movement “ allegro con spirito ” of the Mozart sonata for two pianos in D major ( KV 448 ) is referred to as the Mozart effect since its first observation by Rauscher , Shaw , and Ky ( 1993 ) .
These findings turned out to be amazingly hard to replicate , thus leading to an abundance of conflicting results .
Sixteen years after initial publication we conduct the so far largest , most comprehensive , and up - to - date meta - analysis ( nearly 40 studies , over 3000 subjects ) , including a diversity of unpublished research papers to finally clarify the scientific record about whether or not a specific Mozart effect exists .
We could show that the overall estimated effect is small in size ( d = 0.37 , 95 % CI [ 0.23 , 0.52 ] ) for samples exposed to the Mozart sonata KV 448 and samples that had been exposed to a non-musical stimulus or no stimulus at all preceding spatial task performance .
Additionally , calculation of effect sizes for samples exposed to any other musical stimulus and samples exposed to a non-musical stimulus or no stimulus at all yielded effects similar in strength ( d = 0.38 , 95 % CI [ 0.13 , 0.63 ] ) , whereas there was a negligible effect between the two music conditions ( d = 0.15 , 95 % CI [ 0.02 , 0.28 ] ) .
Furthermore , formal tests yielded evidence for confounding publication bias , requiring downward correction of effects ..
On the whole , there is
Ten million KFC Double Down sandwiches in the U.S. have n’t persuaded Canada to offer it here .
KFC announced this week its sodium - and - fat - filled trial balloon has been so wildly popular that it would be keeping the Double Down on the menu .
Constructed out of two fried chicken breasts , sauce , bacon and two kinds of cheese , the DD packs in 540 calories , 1,380 milligrams of sodium and 23 grams of fat .
Launched April 12 for a six - week trial , the Double Down will have sold 10 million sandwiches by the end of the month , said Javier Benito , KFC ’s vice - president of marketing and food innovation .
Calling it a “ social media phenomenon , ” Benito enthused about the Twitter reviews and YouTube eating videos it spawned .
“ Millions of Double Down fans have spoken , and we wo n’t disappoint them .
You ’ll continue to be able to get the Double Down this summer . ”
But not in Canada .
KFC Canada , which is franchised by Priszm Income Fund and makes its own product decisions , still has no plans to offer the bunless wonder .
“ KFC Canada closely monitors customer response to all international and U.S. product launches and continuously evaluates opportunities to test these new menu items in Canada , ” a company spokesman said Thursday .
JULIA GILLARD needs to remember to eat before attending Anzac Day ceremonies .
While low blood pressure may be an impressive achievement for a politician , yesterday , for the second time in four years , the Deputy Prime Minister swooned during an Anzac Day service in her Melbourne electorate of Lalor .
Pressure ... Julia Gillard collapses at the service .
Credit : Channel 7
'' I 'm fine , 100 per cent fine , '' a slightly embarrassed Ms Gillard assured the Herald last night .
In unseasonably warm weather , Ms Gillard fainted and needed to be helped to her feet during the service .
Fabio Capello says that when he took over as England manager he inherited a group of players who were " switched off " and " scared " , but believes his remedial work has been so successful that it would be a personal failure if they do not reach the World Cup final .
In an interview with the Italian newspaper La Stampa , Capello also admitted that John Terry was his side 's " true leader " and said that he hoped England 's players would leave any contract or transfer negotiations until after the World Cup .
" When I first arrived here , I saw that the players were tired , afraid , without any real sense of belonging , " Capello said , reflecting on his first two and a half years as England manager .
" But by changing their psychology , by talking a lot , imposing rules and putting pride back into the shirt , we have rebuilt the team .
It has been amazing .
I shook the bolts , made us serious and the group has become concrete . "
Now , Capello insists , England must be considered among the favourites to win the World Cup .
" There are many talented sides in the tournament , " he said .
" Spain , Argentina , but especially Brazil .
They are a battleship .
" But it is not added pressure for me that [ the country ] expects to win the World Cup .
That is part of the game and that is why I came here .
For me , not reaching the final would be failure . "
Capello expects
Terry , who was sacked as England captain following allegations about the his private life , to play a crucial role .
" Terry is a true leader , one of those players who always makes a difference , " he said .
" I had no choice [ to take the captaincy away ] , he knows that , to me , values come first .
" My other leaders are Rooney , Ferdinand , Lampard and Gerrard .
I need them all on my side . "
The England manager hopes outside distractions , such as dealing with the media and contractual issues with their clubs , will be kept to a minimum .
" I hope the players do not change their team or have negotiations .
It disturbs the players all the time , " he said .
" Every day the [ English ] media comes up with something new .
And the media has a lot of clout , they really influence public opinion .
" But you have to recognise that , at the same time , they have the pulse of English society .
It 's part of the job and that 's why I 'm here . "
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Zipcar Inc. , the world 's biggest car - sharing service , said Tuesday that it has filed the necessary paperwork to launch a public offering that could reap as much as $ 75 million .
Cars are rented for as little as $ 7 an hour and come equipped with fuel - purchase debit cards .
Residents of dense urban areas typically have multiple Zipcar parking spots within reasonable walking distance .
With the help of Goldman Sachs , Cambridge , Mass . - based Zipcar plans to offer its shares under the ticker symbol " ZIP " and use the proceeds to pay down debt .
In the best of all possible worlds , we ’d have type - savvy proofreaders or copy editors to check every project before it goes out the door .
More often than not , though , quality assurance falls to the designer , page - layout artist , or compositor .
Having spent years as a proofreader in a commercial type shop , I ’ve created the following checklist of typographic details to make that final once - over easier .
I ’ve divided this list into two halves : problems that can be located using electronic tools and problems that require human eyes and judgments .
Software - Assisted Clean-Up
☐ Check Font Use
Type rendering on a computer screen is not good , and it can be very difficult to tell one typeface from another , especially at text sizes .
But these errors are very apparent on a printed page .
Design changes can leave artifacts in the form of previously used faces , as can the failure to totally reformat text imported into a document from another program .
Both Adobe InDesign and QuarkXPress can list all the fonts used to create a document ( Figures 1 and 2 ) .
Figure 1 . In InDesign , selecting Find Font from the Type menu displays a list of all the fonts used in your document .
If you see one that should n’t be there , click on its name and click Find to have the program highlight passages of text set using that font .
Figure 2 . In XPress , you can do the same thing by selecting Usage from the Utilities menu .
☐ Check Spelling
Ideally , you should n’t have to worry about spelling unless you ’ve been editing the text .
But the spelling checker is also good for finding typographic errors , notably missing word spaces after commas or sentence - ending periods .
It ’s also alarmingly easy to accidentally introduce typos into a document , for example by accidentally hitting Shift - P instead of Ctrl - P when printing a proof .
☐ Find Auto - Leaded Text
Normally , you want explicit control over the leading of your type , so it ’s best to avoid Auto leading ( see “ Just Say “ No ” to Automatic Leading ” ) .
Nevertheless , it can creep unnoticed into your pages through your program ’s default settings or via imported style sheets .
Unless you intentionally use Auto leading , it ’s apt to clash with your specified settings and create layout inconsistencies .
To search for instances of Auto - leaded text in InDesign , choose Find / Change from the Edit menu and click on the little magnifying glass icon to the right of the Find Format field .
In the dialog box that opens , select Basic Character Formats from the list on the left and choose Auto from the Leading pop -up menu .
Click OK , and the program is ready to find any text that has been formatted with Auto leading .
XPress ca n’t search for Auto leading , so you ’ll have to locate it with a line - by - line exam of the whole file .
Use the down - arrow cursor key and keep an eye on the Leading field of the Measurements palette .
Leading is a paragraph attribute in XPress , so as long as your cursor is somewhere in an Auto - leaded line , the program will alert you .
Other Finds - and - Replacements :
☐ Tabs for Indents
Paragraph indents are best defined as paragraph attributes and created automatically , rather than being made with the Tab key ( Figure 3 ) .
Figure 3 .
To weed out Tab - created indents , use your find - and - replace tools to locate the expression ^t , because you ca n’t type a Tab into the Find field .
☐ Unbuilt Fractions
Integers separated by a solidus , or slash , can creep into your pages unnoticed .
Do a search for the / character to find them and substitute properly built fractions .
☐ Double Word Spaces
Unless you prefer to use two word spaces after a sentence - ending period , there ’s no reason for having consecutive word spaces in your text ( see “ To Double - Space or Not to Double - Space … ” ) .
Use Find and Replace to substitute one word space for two , and then repeat the search until the program reports that it can’t find any more occurrences .
☐ Typewriter - Style Quotes and Apostrophes
The only use for typewriter - style quotation marks is to create the look of typewriter - style quotation marks .
For quotes , you should use true quotation marks , and for apostrophes a single closing quote .
For inch and foot marks as well as minutes and seconds , use primes .
Even though you may be assiduous about not using typewriter - style quotes , spelling checkers often introduce them when correcting words containing apostrophes .
☐ Misused Hyphens
Manuscript authors may incorrectly use hyphens in place of minus signs or en dashes , and double - hyphens often masquerade as em dashes .
☐ Bad Ellipses
The ellipsis character ( … ) is best reserved for use in display type , as it ’s too narrow for text use .
It looks especially bad when used with a sentence - ending period , which has different spacing ( Figure 4 ) .
Replace them with a series of periods separated by en spaces and connected to the rest of the sentence by a non-breaking space .
Figure 4 .
As you can see below , creating a four - dot ellipsis using the ellipsis character plus a period , yields inconsistent spacing .
This problem is worse in some typefaces than in others .
You can create a better , traditionally spaced ellipsis using periods and en spaces .
☐ x Used as a Multiplication Sign
Most fonts now contain a real multiplication sign ( × ) , so dump the lowercase xs and use the correct symbols ( Figure 5 ) .
Figure 5 .
The upper sample incorrectly uses quotation marks instead of primes for inches and a lowercase x in place of a true multiplication sign .
The version below it rectifies the problems .
The Eyes Have It
The following problems can only be spotted by your own eagle eyes , and they ’re well worth looking out for .
☐ Bad Rags and Bad Hyphenations
Take a look at the right - hand margins of your text columns , searching for unattractive rags and bad hyphenations ( see “ Rag Time ” ) .
Double - hyphenated words , for example , should be avoided , as well as hyphenated last words of paragraphs .
Also look for incorrectly hyphenated words , including proper names and homographs , such as re-create / rec- reate and pro-gress / prog-ress .
☐ Widows and Orphans
Very short last lines of paragraphs can seem to create line spaces in text columns and should be fleshed out by causing their paragraphs to re-flow , usually by loosening tracking slightly .
Short paragraph fragments that appear at the tops or bottoms of columns also disrupt the harmonious rectangular column shapes and should also be remedied .
( See “ How to Solve Widows and Orphans . ” )
☐ Abutting Subheads
In multi-column layouts , look for subheads that align side by side ( or nearly so ) in adjacent columns ( Figure 6 ) .
Figure 6 . A simple page with lots of common problems .
They include three short last lines of paragraphs ( widows ) , including one that ’s hyphenated .
Subheads unfortunately align in adjacent columns .
A two - line paragraph broken at the end of the first column creates an orphan there and another at the top the second column .
The right - hand margin is afflicted with distracting margin shapes .
As a bonus , the page ends with a hyphen , which is frowned upon by most copy editors .
☐ Inconsistent Display Type Spacing
It ’s not uncommon to have to tweak the tracking of display type to make it fit in place , but in spreads where there are several pieces of large type , the spacing among them has to be consistent .
If one has to be more tightly spaced than the others , also tighten their spacing to match .
( See “ On the Track of Good Type . ” )
☐ Display Type Kerning
Take one last look at all of your display type to make sure you have n’t missed or overdone anything .
( See “ One Good Kern Deserves Another . ” )
☐ Bullet Spacing
If you ’ve created bulleted lists , make sure that each bullet is followed by a word space ( or whatever your favored spacing is ) .
( For more about spacing symbols and punctuation marks , see “ Punc Rocks . ” )
☐ Optical Alignments
Just because your program says something is aligned , that does n’t mean it necessarily looks that way .
Centered italic headings may look like they ’re drifting to the right .
A paragraph ’s large initial caps will likely look slightly indented if pains have n’t been taken to make sure they appear optically aligned along the margin ( Figure 7 ) .
Figure 7 .
The natural spacing that occurs on the flanks of characters can make them appear indented when they ’re enlarged initial caps , as in the upper example below .
Mechanical alignment — what your program creates — does n’t necessarily create optically correct alignment .
Manually repositioning the drop cap in the second version below creates visual flush - left alignment .
☐ Type Color Problems
Look for loose lines and tight lines that create inconsistent type color within paragraphs .
InDesign can help you by flagging badly composed lines ( choose Highlight H&J Violations in the Composition panel of the Preferences dialog box ) , but it ca n’t “ see ” if type color varies from one paragraph to the next .
Look closely for loosely set lines , especially in narrow measures ; for example , in text that runs around a graphic .
( See “ The ABCs of H&J. ” )
☐ Rivers
Random chance can cause a paragraph to compose with a series of lines having word spaces that stack one on top of another .
This causes a distracting white streak through the text , called a river .
This is easier to see in a printed proof than on screen .
On a finished page , a river looks like a fault line running through your text , threatening to crack it in two , and it draws the eye like a magnet ( Figure 8 ) .
Figure 8 : Rivers like the one running down the middle of the following paragraph happen by random chance , and they happen remarkably often .
Mediocre computer - monitor resolution makes rivers hard to spot onscreen , but they pop out in printed proofs and final pages .
☐ Consistency Problems
It ’s a good idea to create a list of typographic standards that you intend to use in a given project .
For example , will you be using lining numerals or old - style numerals ?
What are the standard tracking adjustments for display type at various sizes ?
What fonts will you use for characters such as bullets and ballot boxes ?
In short , note any typographic decision that you make that could be handled in an obviously contrasting way elsewhere in the job .
On Deadline
There never seems to be enough time at the end of a job to perform that careful double - check .
But if you organize a formal checklist , you can do it in a structured , efficient way that will ultimately save you time .
There ’s nothing worse than having to go back into a “ done ” job .
If there are things you ’d like me to add to this list , please comment below and share it with me and the rest of your fellow readers .
I ’m sure we all have stories about the one that got away and came back to haunt us .
Tags
RELATED :
Mavi Marmara
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The Iranian Red Crescent has equipped and loaded two ships with aid , and is waiting for permission from the Iranian Foreign Ministry to set sail for Gaza , AFP reported on Sunday .
A third ship is planned for next week .
An Iranian Red Crescent official , Mojtaba Majd , was quoted as saying that over 100,000 Iranians have volunteered to sail on the ships .
He said that the problems involved may prevent Iran from sending volunteers , however " the important issue is that the people of Gaza know that more than 100,000 Iranians are ready to come to their help .
" One of the ships , which is carrying food and medicine is expected to leave this week .
The Red Crescent has promised to send two ships by Friday and a third next week .
A plane is also planned to fly to Egypt carrying 30 tons of medical aid .
The Iranian decision to send ships to Gaza , follows the international outrage over the Israeli commando raid on the Turkish ship , the , which was part of a flotilla seeking to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza .
An Iranian Red Crescent ship was sent to Gaza during ' Operation Cast Lead ' but was turned back by Israeli warships .
Last Weekend
This Timeframe in Past Years :
Related Charts
Two Middle Eastern desert romps generated such little heat that a relatively low - grossingmovie topped them in its second weekend .
This Memorial Day weekend was the lowest - grossing in nine years and the slowest in at least 15 years in terms of estimated attendance .
Overall business was down 14 percent from the same period last year .
The simple reason for these doldrums is the movies themselves : an indifference - inspiring brew of tepid holdovers and non-event new releases .
won the weekend by default , not because it exhibited particular strength .
The animated sequel grossed $ 57.1 million for the four - day weeekend , off 39 percent Friday - to - Sunday .
While that was a better hold than , which fell 56 percent , it was a steeper drop than ( down 33 percent ) and the first ( which did n't drop ) .
All three previousboasted greater attendance than , which has nonetheless made $ 146.8 million in eleven days .
had the purported boost of 3D going for it , but , on that front , a little ground : while last weekend , 3D accounted for 61 percent of business , this weekend the 3D share was 60 percent .
Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time mustered a $ 37.8 million four - day weekend on around 5,600 screens at 3,646 locations .
That was far less than anyormovie , although it was bigger thanandamong desert adventures .
Distributor Walt Disney Pictures ' research showed that 58 percent of the audience was male , and 58 percent was aged 25 years and older .
notched a $ 36.8 million four - day weekend on approximately 6,100 screens at 3,445 locations , bringing its total to $ 51 million since its Thursday debut .
That 's a huge step backwards from the first , which bagged $ 57 million on its first three - day weekend and had $ 68.1 million by day five .
Distributor Warner Bros. ' exit polling indicated that a whopping 90 percent of 's audience was female , and 54 percent was under 35 years old .
By comparison , the first 's opening weekend audience was 83 percent female .
andranked a lowly 15th and 18th , respectively , among Memorial Day opening weekends and , in terms of estimated attendance , they would n't even crack the Top 25 .
Based on their content and marketing , though , it would have been unreasonable to expect otherwise .
People seem to lose their heads in regards to sequels , but , aside from aberrations likewas closer to the way sequels are supposed to behave , though the movie 's marketers exacerbated the situation with a severe case of " sequelitis . "
They assumed that the brand name was all they needed for another summer hit , delivering an utterly inessential and random sequel after the first movie tidily wrapped up the storylines .
It 's a wonder that they did n't subtitle the movie " The Legend of Carrie 's Shoes .
" As for , it was assumed that the combination of fantasy spectacle , video game branding , producer Jerry Bruckheimer and Disney would be sufficient to create a new blockbuster franchise in the vein of .
But the marketers forgot not only about story and characters but spectacle as well .
Ads were a generic , golden brown blur , and this movie needed a strong , clear message to get people to care about its foreign adventure .
Unbankable Jake Gyllenhaal and a video game name do n't cut it .
Oddly , a tremendous amount of marketing space was used to sell " May 28 " over the movie itself .
Somebody must really have had a thing for " May 28 , " judging by the movie 's billboards and bus ads .
Landing fourth for the weekend , pulled in a $ 21.1 million four - day , decreasing 38 percent Friday - to - Sunday .
It again delivered worse numbers than the first , which made $ 26.1 million on the same weekend in 2008 and was down 36 percent . , though , had a higher cumulative gross of $ 279.7 million in 25 days versus the first movie 's $ 258.3 million through the same point .
retreated 45 percent and grossed a $ 13.4 million four - day , lifting its total to $ 86.1 million in 18 days .
While not terribly exciting as summer movies go , that 's solid for the Medieval Times : it 's now the second highest - grossing picture of the sub - genre behind , and it has summarily trumped the final estimated attendance figures of past titles likeandDipping 35 percent , had the smallest slip among nationwide holdovers .
The romance attracted $ 7.5 million over the four - day weekend , and its total grew to $ 38.2 million in 18 days .
took the biggest hit of the weekend among nationwide holdovers , tumbling 61 percent for a $ 2 million four - day .
With a mere $ 7.7 million in 11 days , the action spoof is on track to becoming 's lowest - grossing nationwide release ever .
UPDATE : May 21 -- According to CNN , the Sister of Mercy involved in the case is no longer excommunicated but has met the religious requirements to again be eligible to receive the sacraments .
ORIGINAL POST
Here 's a horrific choice : OK an abortion for a pregnant woman facing heart failure or let her die ?
Now , make that question tougher :
You 're a Catholic sister charged with standing for the teachings of the Church in the administration of the biggest hospital in town , one that adheres to Catholic teachings forbidding any cooperation with the intrinsic evil of abortion .
And the woman , mother of four , is in crisis .
She can't be moved to another hospital .
Now what ?
What happened at St. Joseph's Hospital in Phoenix , according to the Arizona Republic 's Mike Clancy , is that Sister of Mercy Margaret McBride interpreted the bishops ' health care directives to permit a life saving procedure when doctors said there was no other choice .
The directives include a provision for procedures that could kill a fetus if essential to save the life of the mother .
For someone with pulmonary hypertension , the only treatment is to take the strain of pregnancy off her heart .
Wrong answer , ruled the diocese .
Abortion is the one procedure that directive paragraph would not include , in the eyes of the Bishop Thomas Olmsted .
McBride was publicly dressed down and declared excommunicated .
Olmsted decreed that she stepped outside the community of Catholics who may take the core sacrament of the faith , the Eucharist , by her action .
The Rev. John Ehrich , the medical ethics director for the Diocese of Phoenix , tells National Public Radio :
She consented in the murder of an unborn child .
There are some situations where the mother may in fact die along with her child .
Ehrich thinks she should be drummed out of her religious order as well but that 's a decision up to the Sisters of Mercy .
The diocese has posted a Q & A on the St. Joseph 's situation that essentially says everyone who had anything whatever to do with consenting to the abortion , including the desperately ill woman , also excommunicated themselves by participating in the decision .
And Catholics for Choice , which supports abortion rights , responds with a point by point dispute that this is a misreading of canon law .
( No word on whether there have been any repercussions -- religious , professional or even criminal -- for the unnamed hospital employee who violated federal privacy laws by giving information about a patient to the Church , which then disclosed it publicly . )
It 's not known if the young mother is Catholic herself , like 15 % of Phoenix .
But in a Catholic hospital , that 's not relevant .
All physicians and staff , of any faith , are expected to adhere to the ethical guidelines that come with the Catholic brand on the door .
The bishops do n't view these the way , say , the Supreme Court justices look at the Constitution -- a document that can be subject to different interpretations .
The Phoenix incident -- pitting Sisters of Mercy , who stand by McBride , against Olmsted -- is roughly parallel to tensions between the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and dozens of nuns including the head of the Catholic Health Association , who supported health reform legislation .
The sisters said it was " life - affirming legislation " that clearly blocked federal funding for abortion .
The bishops see loopholes that will allow evil to go forward with taxpayer support .
You may think this is not your concern if you 're not Catholic .
Not so .
Catholic hospitals hold about 17 % of the nation 's hospital beds and Catholic health systems are the largest provider of care to the poorest outside of the government .
In many communities , it 's the only choice for care for hundreds of miles .
Few patients , counting on their reputation for excellent care , have a moment 's thought about the implications of the Catholic brand -- its deep and historic commitment to caring and its clear , specific views on the ethical boundaries defined by the faith .
Do you give up your medical autonomy in a Catholic hospital ?
Will the bishop excommunicate the mother as well as Sr. McBride for consenting to this ?
Does one bishop 's view holds for all ?
NOTE : This is a place for civil discussion .
All views respectfully presented are welcome .
Please , watch your tone .
WASHINGTON – Leaders from core components of the diverse coalition that elected President Obama declared here today that “ it ’s time for us to do it again ” to win jobs and justice .
They called for a revival of “ progressive populism ” that puts jobs at the top of the agenda .
It was a unity - in - action call to the 1,000 progressive leaders and activists gathered here on day two of the three - day 2010 America ’s Future NOW !
conference .
NAACP President Benjamin Jealous , just returned from the Gulf Coast , and recalling its history of impoverished African American sharecroppers and tenant farmers , spoke of meeting with Vietnamese fishermen whose livelihoods are being ruined by the BP oil disaster .
They are today ’s “ tenant farmers on the water , ” he said .
He also met with Black hotel workers out of work as tourism takes a hit from the spreading oil , Native Americans who have been fighting the oil industry for decades , oil workers furious at the corporations .
His message was clear : the unity of interests of the diverse groups reeling in crisis today .
Janet Murguia , head of the National Council of La Raza , appealed to the progressive community to step up its involvement in the fight for comprehensive progressive immigration reform .
She called immigration the “ Trojan horse ” for the far right on other vital issues .
“ The fight over immigrant rights is doing great damage to American values .
Until it gets off the table ” through enactment of meaningful reform , she said , “ it will be a deterrent to advancing a progressive agenda .
It is not an issue we should distance ourselves from . ”
Joblessness in the African American and Latino communities is “ not just a crisis , it ’s a social catastrophe , ” said Deepak Bhargava , executive director of the Center for Community Change .
“ There can be no real economic recovery unless and until we solve the unemployment crisis , ” he said .
In such a profound crisis , Bhargava emphasized , federal government action is “ the only realistic option ” to create jobs that will serve community needs , restore human dignity , and spur consumer purchasing that is key to reviving the economy .
His organization has launched an online “ 1 Million Jobs Campaign , ” collecting thousands of job applications that will be delivered to members of Congress in support of the Miller - Brown Local Jobs for America bill .
AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka declared , “ The progressive tradition in America is to build on what unites us , not be manipulated by what divides us . ”
He issued a passionate call for political leaders who will “ attack plutocracy that has run our country into the ground . ”
We must “ demand progressive populist leadership , ” Trumka said .
He noted that the AFL - CIO had marched in Arizona last week against the “ politics of hate , ” but said , “ It ’s not enough to condemn hate ; we must fight for economic justice beginning with good jobs . ”
Trumka praised President Obama for calling jobs his number one priority , but he stressed , “ We need Barack Obama to walk the walk on Capitol Hill , ” to push congressional action on immediate jobs bills like the Miller - Brown Local Jobs for America
Act that would save or create hundreds of thousands of state and local police , firefighter and other public service jobs , and Sen .
Tom Harkin ’s bill to save hundreds of thousands of teacher jobs that are on the chopping block .
“ It ’s time for action , not excuses , ” Trumka said .
He and others denounced those who “ hide behind deficit reduction ” as an excuse to do nothing on jobs , or to cut Social Security or Medicare .
“ We do not have a short - term deficit crisis , ” Trumka said .
“ We have a short - term jobs crisis . ”
Saving and creating jobs , he said , is the way to reduce the deficit .
Trumka spoke of the need for “ foundational change . ”
On a similar note , Steelworkers President Leo Gerard said , “ If we are going to empower workers and create a new generation of jobs , we need to really get serious about undermining and eliminating the failed economic ideology ” of deregulation and “ more than 20 years of economic disaster . ”
We need to “ discard that failed philosophy of ‘ trickle down , ' ” he said .
“ I ’m tired of getting tinkled down on . ”
“ We ’re in terrible trouble now , ” said New York Times columnist Bob Herbert .
“ We need extraordinary remedies . ”
“ The system we have right now is geared toward employing as few people as possible , ” Herbert said .
“ We better do something to confront the jobs crisis head on and soon , ” he said .
“ The stability and continued viability of the nation depend on it . ”
Trumka said labor is working together with others “ more now than we ever have in the past . ”
“ Labor knows none of us in the progressive community can do it alone , ” he said .
Jealous summed up the spirit here , telling the crowd , “ We have got to get off our couches and get back to going door - to - door . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/10523653@N04/4682804038/
Calls to cut social security come from economists who want to line Wall Street pockets with money from ordinary workers
When politicians demand that the public do something because of the dictates of financial markets , it is best to hold on to your wallet .
Back in September of 2008 , both President Bush and the Democratic leadership in Congress insisted that if we did not immediately hand over $ 700bn to the banks , the whole financial system would grind to a halt .
The threat worked – the banks got their $ 700 bn from Congress and much more from the Fed – with few questions asked .
As a result , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , and the rest are now as profitable as ever and once again paying out record bonuses to " top performers " .
If the market had been allowed to run its course Goldman , Citigroup , Morgan Stanley , and many other major banks would have been bankrupt , leaving their shareholders and creditors out of luck and their top executives walking the unemployment lines .
There are reasons that this outcome would have been undesirable for the economy as a whole , but there is a big difference between the Tarp blank check and doing nothing .
If the politicians and their accomplices in the economics profession had not overwhelmed the public with fear , we could have ensured that the bankers suffered from the crisis that they had themselves created .
With the banks back on their feet , the Wall Street crew and their accomplices in the economics profession are again feeling their oats .
They are insisting that we have to put our hopes for economic recovery on the back burner .
Instead , we have to focus on deficit reduction .
The reason is that we have to soothe financial markets .
The claim is that if we do n't act aggressively now to reduce the budget deficit then the " bond vigilantes " will start a run on US debt just as they have recently done with Greece .
This is supposed to make us so scared that we will accept large cuts in social security and in other important programmes .
There are three basic problems with this argument .
First , why on earth should anyone trust what the bankers ' economist accomplices are telling us ?
These people completely missed the $ 8tn housing bubble ; is there any reason to believe that their insight into financial markets is better today than it was two years ago ?
The second reason not to follow their advice is that the financial markets themselves do n't necessarily reflect the underlying reality in the economy .
Are we supposed to twist ourselves into knots over whatever is fashionable in financial markets this week ?
Suppose we structure our policies to make the markets happy this week and then next week the Wall Street diz brains decide that something else is now fashionable ?
This leaves us forever chasing Wall Street fashions .
That is not a sound basis for economic policy .
The third reason not to take the deficit hawks argument seriously is simply that it is bad economics .
The country needs deficit spending to sustain demand until private demand recovers from the collapse of the housing bubble .
This is basic logic – and the prestigious positions of many of the deficit hawks will not allow them to repeal the rules of logic .
Furthermore , the United States is not Greece , as all serious people know .
It has a huge economy that is still largely self - sufficient ( imports are only 16 % of GDP ) .
The idea that the United States is about to experience a run on its debt is absurd on its face .
The Fed can and should buy the debt , if necessary .
Let 's hear the deficit hawks say this will cause inflation .
With very few exceptions , they wo n't dare make such an assertion because they know it is not true .
The deficit hawks are not concerned about national insolvency ; they are not worried about soaring inflation ; they are worried about how to take every last penny from ordinary workers and give it to the Wall Street crew .
That is what the Tarp was about and this is what the latest crusade to reduce the deficit is all about .
Now they want to go after workers ' social security because , as Federal Reserve Board chairman Ben Bernanke said : " That is where the money is . "
The fact that workers have paid for these benefits does n't matter at all to the Wall Street crew .
So , if you feel like giving all your money to the Wall Street gang , then you should take the deficit hawks seriously .
But , if you think that people who are not Wall Street millionaires have rights too , then get out the pitchforks and send the deficit hawks and their economist accomplices running .
_______
About author Dean Baker is co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington , DC .
His blog , Dean Baker is co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington , DC .
His blog , Beat the Press , features commentary on economic reporting .
Remember when Facebook really was a private club ?
In the days before we called anything a " social network ? "
When " sharing " and " connecting " was n't bait for the switch of " monetizing " the stuff and nonsense of our lives ?
Well , four NYU students do , and they are so nostalgic for those halcyon days way back in 2004 that they have set out to re-invent that wheel – for the good of mankind .
The New York Times reports Wednesday that Ilya Zhitomirskiy , 20 ; Dan Grippi , 21 ; Max Salzberg , 22 ; and Raphael Sofaer , 19 , decided that Facebook had become so ...
Facebook that the world needed a safe online haven , one that could fulfill what had once been the fact and promise of Facebook .
A place secure from the Big Bad Wolves who walk right though an open door to cull , scrape , decipher and analyze our timelines , and who see a commercial opportunity every time we go for coffee , buy a movie ticket or change partners .
Even though there is some evidence that only old fogeys are annoyed by Facebook 's latest change in the definition of " private " and " friend , " the NYU Four ( as they shall henceforth be known on Epicenter ) were surprised to discover that their sense of being fed up was shared by so many others .
" We were shocked , " Grippi told the Times .
" For some strange reason , everyone just agreed with this whole privacy thing . "
There 's a practical component to the millennial crowd for keeping some things close to the vest that meshes nicely with a re-emerging visceral need : Students entering the job market have to explain their drunken escapades and make - out sessions and perhaps even drug use ( we 're looking at you , Michael Phelps ) that hiring managers now will know all about .
The Times story is well worth reading , so here are only a few details :
The NYU Four used Kickstarter to raise $ 10,000 in 39 days .
They calculate they 'll need a few months to write the code – and these guys are students at NYU 's elite Courant institute for math brainiacs , so they probably have that right .
They call their project " Diaspora , " so you kinda get how serious they are about this .
We 're stoked because we 've posited that Facebook has gone rogue and have called for just this sort of project .
So while it 's way too early to know if anything will come of this , stranger things have happened .
At the very least this news is apt to give a cranky Ryan Singel a reason to crack at least a little smile .
Boys , live long and prosper .
When the big money guys start pulling up in Maseratis they say could be yours tomorrow , stick to your guns .
Remember another promise that a couple of other college guys made when you were in grade school : Do n't Be Evil .
You can start by not suing us for using the picture we downloaded from your site , joindiaposra.com .
See Also :
Timothy Kincaid
Conservative Christians are often infuriated by discussions which link their anti-gay activism to violence against actual gay people .
They will angrily say that they oppose violence and they love the sinner .
That Christians are not the ones going around attacking gay people .
But the truth is plain .
Cultivate a culture of condemnation and you will soon see hostility .
Oppose tolerance and you ’ll get intolerance .
Dehumanize gay people and soon you ’ll find that there are those willing to treat gay people as something other than human .
And a clear example is evident in Washington .
For years , Ken Hutcherson , pastor of Antioch Bible Church in Redmond , WA , has been fighting to make Mt. Si High School a miserable place for gay students .
He ’s tried to get teachers fired for challenging him on gay issues and threatened to put another on his list .
He ’s sent his daughter to monitor Gay - Straight - Alliance meetings .
He ’s preached that God hates effeminate men and “ joked ” about beating them .
He ’s spread the message that the Bible opposes tolerance .
Unable to stop the event , in 2008 , Hutcherson took his bullhorn and staged a protest on the Day of Silence across the street from Mt. Si. About 600 of the 1,400 students stayed home that day .
Then this happened :
Johnson said her son appointed himself the protector of a new friend who was being intimidated and followed by a group of boys in the hallways at school .
She said the taunts included anti-gay slurs .
One night , Johnson said , she found her son texting the other boy , “ Just stay by me . ”
On Friday , Nov. 6 , shortly after noon , the two 14 - year - olds came into the locker room to change after PE class .
Johnson said the freshman who allegedly led the harassment started taunting the one boy about his presumed sexual orientation .
When Johnson ’s son swore and told him to leave his friend alone , a 16 - year - old junior stepped into the dispute .
He struck Johnson ’s son twice in the face , lifted him off a bench , kneed him in the face and , when he fell to the ground , kicked him , according to witness statements to the police .
A school - surveillance camera caught the 16 - year - old leaving the locker room , shaking his hand as if in pain , said Johnson , who has watched the tape .
Johnson was summoned to the school by a frantic call from her son .
When she arrived about 1 p.m. , she said her son was bleeding from the eye and nose and was nearly “ unrecognizable ” on the left side of his face .
She assumed that an aid car had been called , but one was n’t summoned until 1:16 p.m. , according to police records .
She also learned that a vice principal had asked the boy to go back to the locker room and search for his missing tooth .
The assault broke his eye socket , two teeth and left him with a concussion .
The picked on kid ’s conclusion ?
“ I think a lot of people do n’t like gays . ”
Things like this happen most often when society gives its permission .
When preachers and parents and teachers and administrators make it clear that small awkward less - masculine boys are sinful threatening menaces to the community with an evil homosexual agenda .
And one man is more responsible for that message at Mt. Si High School than any other .
Am I taking it too far to say that Ken Hutcherson owns some responsibility for this kid ’s assault , that he has blood on his hands ?
No .
The seeds of hatred that blossomed into this violent attack were sown by Rev. Ken Hutcherson .
Sown , watered , tended and nourished .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister David Cameron have exchanged bottles of beer after making a wager on a World Cup match .
The match on 12 June between England and the USA finished 1 - 1 so the pair presented each other with bottle of beers at a G20 press conference .
The leaders ' first face - to - face talks took place shortly before the USA were knocked out of the World Cup by Ghana .
READ MORE : US and UK want Afghan ' progress '
Residents of Adelaide in South Australia were woken last night by a 3.8 - magnitude earthquake .
The earthquake happened at 11:27 pm and people living within a 50 kilometre radius of the quake reported tremors lasting for up to 15 seconds .
The epicentre was close to Mount Barker , 40 kilometres east of the capital , in the Adelaide Hills .
Mount Barker resident Robert says he heard a loud bang when the quake struck .
" We heard a terrific explosion , " he said .
" We live right opposite the golf course and lots of galahs roost in the trees and they made nearly as much noise as the earthquake itself but it was definitely an explosion . "
Paul in Bridgewater emailed ABC News Online , saying : " Whoa !
We just had what seemed like an earthquake go through our house . "
Meanwhile , Steven from Moana said : " Several of my neighbours came out into the street and said that their houses shook like mine did .
It lasted for about 10 to 15 seconds . "
There have been no reports of injuries or damage to buildings in the capital .
David Jepson , a seismologist from Geoscience Australia , says while tremors in the region are not unexpected , this quake was larger than normal .
" This would have been felt quite widely , up to about 50 kilometres from the epicentre , and we 've had a number of felt reports from the region , " he said .
" That 's basically shown that it has been felt quite widely across Adelaide city . "
David Love , a seismologist with the South Australian Department of Primary Industry and Resources , says further activity along the fault line cannot be ruled out .
" This is probably the largest earthquake near the Adelaide area for quite a long time , possibly in excess of 20 years , " he said .
" An earthquake that size will give a fair shake near the epicentre , its certainly enough to wake people up , but most unlikey to cause much other than that .
" There is a chance of more activity , I think the chance is fairly low , but we can't rule it out . "
Mr Love says data is still being collected but the event appears to have occurred more than 15 kilometres below ground .
" From the reports that have been coming in it looks like it may have been a relatively deep earthquake therefore lessening the effects immediately above it on the surface , " he said .
The quake was felt around Adelaide and more than 100 kilometres north of the city as well as on Kangaroo Island .
Starting a business has been in your mind since God knows when .
You pretty much have it clear in your memory , the kind of business you ’re going to set up and all the steps you are taking from the get go .
By the looks of it , it seems like you are more than ready to start your business but still you have n’t .
So what ’s keeping you from it ?
Only one thing , your procrastination !
YOU DON’T MAKE A DECISION !!
If there ’s one thing that hampers your fast sprint to success , it ’s that “ I ’ll Do It Tomorrow - Attitude ”
Since I want to help people get rid of this nasty habit before it leads to sloth , I ’m sharing with you some time - tested ways on how to stop procrastination .
Here you go :
Refocus again and again and again on your goals
One thing that makes anyone successful is to have goals .
But these goals are nothing when you do n’t focus your energy and give your all to achieve them .
It needs you to have tunnel focus , take your goals to heart at all cost .
Just like what they say , “ You tell the universe what you want and all the cosmic forces of the universe will connive to make it come true . ”
That ’s true no matter how rough the road appears to be , a race driver always has the heart to go for it .
So go and be a race driver if you have to , just to reach your goals .
Set goals that do n’t require superhuman strength to achieve in a time frame
Deadlines are more than just dates .
Remember the last time you forgot to pay your electricity bill , you rushed to the cashier fuming mad because you ca n’t watch your favorite football game if you wo n’t .
That ’s the same story for your business .
If you are to finish off your sales inventory , do it in a time frame that makes it doable .
And most of all … DO IT !
A wise man makes a to - do list every day .
Be smart and wise to follow it
It ’s so easy to forget about small things yet these are more often the most significant .
So if you do n’t want to hire a personal assistant , make a to - do list daily and you ’ll realize the wonders this can bring .
A very useful tip I can give you is this : make your to do list for the next day BEFORE you go to bed .
This way , when you wake up , you know immediately what to start with .
This little tip alone will provide you with extra productive time , each and every day again , time your competition has n’t learned to get !
Is n’t it a great tip about how to stop procrastination ?
I still remember a friend whose child ’s life was saved because she had written down the prescribed medicine her doctor gave her for an alternative treatment to asthma on a little note .
That friend used to be a non-believer of organization until then .
So you see , big things can happen from small lists .
So make one daily ; that ’s one thing you should about how to stop procrastination .
Seize the day — Carpe Diem !
This does n’t apply just to opportunities but to small errands you are challenged to take on each day .
Have you ever thought what could have happened if you always set for tomorrow all things you should have done today ?
Well , I ’m pretty sure the answer is nothing and you end up nothing as well .
Tomorrow you have new things to face so make yourself ready each day .
Reward yourself when you did not procrastinate !
Nobody can give you the best drive to work or to walk an extra mile but yourself .
It ’s simple .
Just aim for a diamond pendant when you reach your profit goal for the month .
In the same way , you ’re not allowed to dine out or go out on a date if you do n’t .
Let ’s bet together that if you wo n’t be able to follow this you ’ll feel so bad you think you ’re the worst disciplined .
You think it ’s difficult to follow through ?
Think again .
It ’s all in the attitude and that attitude starts from a well - formed habit .
So now you can see straight into your competitor ’s eyes cause you know how to stop procrastination .
I ’m sure you had fun reading this .
If you want more articles like this , we can give you more .
Just leave your name and email address on the opt in box below .
You can share the lessons you learned here to your friends .
It ’s simple .
You just press that tiny green button to Tweet the article for all your followers to read .
Thanks again and see you soon …
To Your Success ,
Elmar Sandyck
Now that Google has opened up VP8 , the big question is obviously how it ’ll hold up to H264 .
Of course , VP8 already wins by default because it ’s open source and royalty free , but that does n’t mean we should neglect the quality issue .
Jan Ozer from StreamingMedia.com has put up an article comparing the two codecs , and concludes that the differences are negligible – in fact , only in some high - motion videos did H264 win out .
As always , this is just one comparison and most certainly anything but conclusive .
Update : Another comparison .
I ca n’t spot the difference , but then again , I ’m no expert .
On2 once claimed that VP8 could deliver twice H264 ’s quality at half the bandwith , and while that certainly is n’t true , the codec is pretty much on par with H264 – according to this test , of course .
“ To set the table , Sorenson Media was kind enough to encode these comparison files for me to both H.264 and VP8 using their Squish encoding tool , ” Ozer writes , “ They encoded a standard SD encoding test file that I ’ve been using for years . ”
The results for low motion video are clear : there is absolutely no difference between the two competing codecs .
In fact , Ozer notes that in some cases VP8 retains more detail than H264 did – but in all honesty , if Ozer had n’t pointed them out , I would ’ve missed it .
In high motion video , there are cases where H264 wins out , but once again , if Ozer had n’t pointed them out I would n’t have noticed it .
If this rather crude test shows one thing , it ’s that VP8 is more than good enough .
Add to this its royalty free nature and the strong industry backing it has already garnered , and we ’re looking at a winner .
After Google ’s continuous stabs at Apple during the I/O conference , I ’m convinced YouTube will switch to the new codec exclusively as soon as WebM support is added to Android ( Gingerbread , Q4 2010 ) – if only to spite Apple .
It is important to note that when comparing Theora to H264 , Ozer was pretty clear in declaring the latter the winner , so we ’re not looking at a biased test here .
Ozer ’s Theora vs. H264 test was widely linked on the internet by the pro-MPEG - LA / H264 lobby , so it ’ll be interesting to see if they ’re going to do the same with this one .
The G20 brought riots to Toronto streets today as angry protesters ( the mayor called them thugs ) let it be known they were n't in town to simply engage in peaceful demonstrations .
Cop cars were set on fire , car windows and storefronts were smashed and arrests were made .
Hospitals reported treating a few people for minor injuries .
For detailed reports check out the following articles :
Violence on Toronto streets for G20 ( blogTO )
G20 Protest brings violence , arrests ( CBC News )
G20 Live : Saturday ( Torontoist )
Violence , confrontation as massive rally snakes through Toronto ( National Post )
PHOTOS :
Photos from blogTO Flickr Pool members : Phil Babcock , Jen Takes Pictures , kwazy , gs71to95 , markosar , David G Tran , mideast - transplant , chris huggins , modernemotive , MCXL5 , Carl W. Heindl , ~rusty ~ , DdotG , Craig ! , Martinho .
Additional photos by jethros_tale , kmclachlan , Seekdes ( Mike in TO ) , cory_mck , and Otherworld .
OTTAWA — In a bid to block killer Karla Homolka from winning a criminal pardon , the government and opposition parties have joined forces to fast - track a bill through Parliament before she becomes eligible to apply in three weeks .
The parties , after intense negotiations that persisted through the day , agreed Wednesday evening to a revamped version of proposed legislation , introduced in May , which would initially have ruled out pardons for sex offenders and expanded the waiting period before those convicted of serious crimes can apply .
In a twist , the compromise bill abandons the provision that outlaws pardons for sex crimes , but increases the waiting period to 10 years from the current five .
The new bill does not bar manslaughter offenders like Homolka from applying for pardons , but it would empower the National Parole Board to reject applications that would bring " the administration of justice into disrepute . "
As a compromise to ensure speedy passage , the government agreed to remove some sections of the original bill , but Public Safety Minister Vic Toews said all the abandoned proposals will be revived in the fall .
" This is a compromise effort by our government to get legislation in place before the summer , " said Toews .
He did not name names , but he made it clear that the bill headed for immediate passage would bar Homolka .
The new bill leaves in place the portion of last month 's proposal that would deny pardons when it would bring the administration of justice into disrepute .
However , it would strike out a section that rules out pardons for people convicted of three or more crimes — a provision that critics denounced as an American three - strikes - you 're - out law .
The compromise bill would also drop a proposal to rename pardons to " record suspensions " so as to not imply forgiveness .
The government introduced its legislation in May following revelations that sex offender Graham James , a former hockey coach , had received a pardon three years ago .
The Liberals and NDP accused the Harper government Wednesday of manufacturing an urgent crisis to hoodwink opposition parties into supporting the pardon bill with no debate .
" We 've got to make sure that Karla Homolka does n't get a pardon and we want to work with the government to find a way to make sure that happens , " said NDP Leader Jack Layton .
Homolka is eligible to apply for a pardon in July , five years after completing her 12 - year sentence for her role in the sex slaying of Ontario school girls Kristin French and Leslie Mahaffy .
Now 40 , her whereabouts are unknown .
Montreal 's La Presse reported six months ago that she was living in Ontario and studying law .
She has not publicly confirmed she intends to seek a pardon , yet she said while in prison she hoped to be pardoned one day .
The National Parole Board typically rejects about one per cent of completed applications each year because it has had little latitude to turn down offenders unless they had reoffended or been suspected of reoffending since completing their sentences .
Pardons do not forgive criminal records , but rather mask them so they do not surface in background checks .
Sex offenders , however , still turn up in checks if they apply to work with children or other vulnerable people .
Fast - tracking the bill through the Commons before MPs rise for their summer break — expected this week — required unanimous consent from all parties .
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff noted Wednesday that the Conservatives reviewed the system soon after coming to office in 2006 , but decided against significant changes — and then tried to force through legislation in short order by creating a Homolka crisis .
The Liberals , nonetheless , do not want her to be pardoned , so they were prepared to work out a deal to stop that from happening , Ignatieff said .
How does Google keep its employees fresh for long days and nights of working ?
With sleep pods .
Advertisement
FT reporter Richard Waters was in Google 's Mountain View headquarters yesterday and snapped this photo of an anonymous Googler catching some rest .
When Richard walked past the pod later , he said a pair of female legs were sticking out from the pod .
Advertisement
This contraption is a MetroNap EnergyPod .
Metronap says it " harnesses science and NASA technology " to deliver a refreshing nap for users .
On its site , Metronap says , " Occupants are reclined into the optimal napping position to promote blood circulation and reduce pressure on the lower back and ambient sounds help nappers drift into light sleep . "
When it 's time to wake up , the EnergyPod delivers a light vibration .
Advertisement
Republished with permission from Business Insider .
This week 's SameSexSunday podcast is our first official show with guests , and you wo n't want to miss it , because it features some of the most important progressive leaders in America , including the National Director of the oldest Progressive group in the nation .
Joe and Phil host interviews , debates , panels and round tables every week with the most influential people in the LGBT movement , as well as our allies and friends , and discusses the most important stories of the day , and what 's just over the horizon .
SameSexSunday is a new LGBT politics podcast by Bilerico Project contributors Joe Mirabella and Phil Reese that takes the concept of the Sunday morning political talk show , and takes it to the Castro .
This week we 'll be talking to Michael J Wilson the National Director of Americans for Democratic Action , about Maine 's Question One , allies and the LGBT within the greater progressive movement .
We will talk to Adam Bink blogger and online organizer for OpenLeft.com
He organized a blog swarm Thursday to drum up support for a repeal to the blood ban .
Joe and Phil will talk this and Iceland with Adam .
Finally we will speak with John Bare of the ActOnPrinciples website about Wednesday 's upcoming closing arguments in California 's Perry V Schwartzenegger , the Prop 8 Federal Case .
This and a whole lot more on this week 's SameSexSunday !
SameSexSunday began as a Twitter hashtag created by Bil Browning -- the founder of the Bilerico Project -- and then Bilerico editor , Michael Crawford .
The hashtag was an attempt to build off of the popular # Follow Friday twitter tag that allowed people to recommend friends on Twitter .
Michael and Bil thought it would be interesting to allow LGBT people to find out how to find and follow one another on Sunday .
To learn more about SameSexSunday , visit our Facebook page .
And if you 're an iTunes user , you can download the show .
Want to help us spread the word ?
Consider embedding the player in your blog or webpage -- just like on this post -- by visiting our Podcast account .
We 're on Twitter as @samesexsunday .
Subscribe to SameSexSunday on iTunes and make friends with us on Facebook and Twitter so that you can join into the conversation .
Be in the know with SameSexSunday !
Concorde completed its last commercial passenger flight in 2003
The engines on a French Concorde are to be examined as the first move in a £ 15 m project aiming to get the supersonic passenger jet back in the air .
The Rolls Royce engines of the former Air France Concorde will undergo an initial examination to see what work needs to be done to start the engines .
Concorde was retired seven years ago , but it is hoped the jet could return to flight in a heritage capacity .
The tests by a French - British team will take place at an air museum near Paris .
The work at the Le Bourget Air and Space Museum is being done through a partnership between the British Save Concorde Group , SCG , and a French group Olympus 593 .
' Critical date ' Vice - chairman of SCG Ben Lord said : " Today marks the most critical date in Concorde 's history since she was retired almost seven years ago .
" Two members of our management team are in France this weekend to observe these amazing developments .
" SCG has always maintained that she could return to flight in a heritage capacity , and the findings of today will hopefully go an awfully long way to proving our point .
After today , we will know exactly what needs to be done with those four engines
Ben Lord , vice - chairman SCG
" This is just the beginning , but we are delighted and privileged to be working with a team of skilled Concorde engineers who both worked on the aircraft at British Airways and Air France . "
The tests will first establish whether the engines can be safely started and whether the aircraft could complete a ground taxi .
Mr Lord said : " After today , we will know exactly what needs to be done with those four engines in order to take this to the next stage of engine test runs with an objective to hopefully perform a ground taxi . "
It is hoped the jet will be able to fly as part of the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics .
Meanwhile , the trial over the Concorde crash that killed 113 people in Paris in 2000 ended on Friday after four months .
The Air France Concorde crashed soon after take - off , after hitting a metal strip from a Continental jet that had taken off earlier .
The French court said it would give a verdict on 6 December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While viewing the very active volcano Arenal in the small town of La Fortuna in Costa Rica , Mark Johnstone was bitten by a mosquito .
This happened on the evening of November 24th , 2000 , in the viewing area of Los Lagos .
Let the story begin …
Explore Costa Rica by Harry S. Pariser
Upon returning home from Costa Rica , Mark started to experience a strange pain in his scrotum .
He finally mentioned it to me ( his wife , Brenda Johnstone ) and we talked about what it could be .
Spider bite ?
Infected mosquito bite ?
Then I remembered reading something in the guide book from our 1st ( honeymoon ) trip about a weird bug in Costa Rica .
The guide booksaid … .
“ Botfly ( Dermatobia hominis ) , whose larvae mature inside flesh .
An egg - laden female botfly captures a night - flying female mosquito and glues her eggs on to it .
When the mosquito is released and bites a victim , the host ’s body heat triggers an egg to hatch .
It falls off and burrows in .
The larva secures itself with two anal hooks , secreting an antibiotic into its burrow , which staves off competing bacteria and fungi .
Its spiracle pokes out of the tiny hole , and a small mound forms which will grow to the size of a goose egg before the mature larva falls out .
Should you be unfortunate enough to fall prey to a larva – an extremely unlikely occurrence for the average visitor – you have three cures available .
One is to use the acrid white sap of the matatorsalo ( bot killer ) , which kills the larva but leaves its corpse intact .
Another is to apply a piece of soft , raw meat to the top of the airhole .
As the maggot must breath , it burrows upward into the meat .
A third is to apply a generous helping of Elmer ’s glue or cement to the hole .
Cover this with a circular patch of adhesive tape ; seal this tape with a final application of glue .
Squeeze out the dead larva the next morning .
The only other alternative is to leave it to grow to maturity , giving you an opportunity to experience the transmogrification of part of yourself into another creature .
It only hurts when the maggot squirms and if you swim , presumably because you are cutting off its air supply .
Do n’t try to pull it out because it will burst .
Part of its body will remain inside and cause an infection . ”
Thank you for adding that tidbit to your guide book Harry .
( If we had not read that I am not sure what would have happened to Mark ) .
Harry S. Pariser is the author of Explore Costa Rica & Explore Belize
I had even highlighted this information and remembered telling Mark “ listen to this ” .
Well since we are not the average visitor I knew this had to be what was bothering Mark .
We tried the raw meat but guess the botfly did n’t like the cut of meat Mark used as it did n’t work .
We then got on the internet for more information .
Well , remember that this was back in the year 2000 , and the internet was not nearly as resourcefull as it is today .
We finally found a few websites that confirmed , at least in our minds , that a botfly was the culprit .
The pain was not like the book described .
Mark was getting bitten at random times .
Mostly when he tried to sleep and different times at work .
Apparently , every time the botfly larvae would move around or need to eat .
it would send shooting pains throughout his body .
He described it as a spiking , jolting pain as though you had stuck your finger in an electric outlet .
Problem was , it was not his finger !
Since he is a great bearer of pain he decided to call UTMB ( University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston , Texas ) to see if anyone there wanted to do a case study on this rare occurrence .
He was told to email the “ WHO Collaborating Center for Tropical Diseases ” .
He did so giving full detail as to what happened .
Meanwhile , I made him a Dr’s appointment with our general Doc .
This Doctor decided that Mark must have lice and gave him lice medicine .
Meanwhile the botfly ’s got bigger and bigger as they feasted upon his scrotal tissue .
The painful biting episodes became worse and happened more frequently .
Customers even noticed it said something to me .
How do you explain ?
Below are photos of Volcano Arenal in Costa Rica taken at the
Los Lagos Observatory where Mark was bitten by the Botfly carrying mosquito .
Mind you all this was going on during the Christmas season and the computer store was busier than ever .
We were working on a Sunday ( Dec. 17th , 2000 ) afternoon trying to get caught up when Mark went down on his knees in pain .
It scared Cole and I so bad that I knew we had to get rid of these things somehow .
I talked Mark into going to the emergency room where upon explaining to the attendant what was going on , a young guy sitting beside her said “ I have heard of botfly ’s before ” !
We both asked him what he knew and where he had heard about botflys .
He told us that he heard about them on the Discovery Channel but did n’t know much .
Wish he had been a doctor !
After being escorted down the hall to our examining room , I watched at the door as Mark laid on the examining table totally depressed .
One lady doctor picked up Marks chart and said “ I ’m not touching that ” !
Hours later a Doctor arrives and we tell him the story .
He asked us “ What other DR ’s are you seeing and are you on any kind of medication ? ”
He then tells us he has to call in a urologist .
Meanwhile he goes to a computer in the hall and types in “ botfly ” .
I sneak up behind him and say … .
“ there is a lot more information on the net if you want me to show you where it is !
He turned to me in surprise and say ’s “ no , the urologist is on his way from home ” .
Enters Dr. Michael Rashid , MD Resident of Urology .
He believes us but is skeptical .
He sets up an appointment for the following Tue. AM .
Meanwhile Mark is still experiencing terrible pain till the day of the appointment , Dec 19th , 2000 .
Dr. Gabriel Rodriguez , MD and Assistant Professor of Urology examines Mark and asks him to sign a consent form for photos .
Off we go to the operating room , where normally , vasectomies are performed .
I was allowed to be with Mark during the entire operation .
After he was prepped ( shaved & cleaned ) they took photos of the sores .
I did n’t realize there where two spots .
He was then given a local anesthetic in his scrotum .
Yes , that ’s right , “ excuse me while I stick this needle in your family jewels … ” .
Ouch !
So now , Mark Johnstone is wide awake laying on the operating table , with a pillow propping up his head , so as to get a direct view of the doctors and three or four nurses as they begin to cut into his scrotum .
His wife , Brenda Johnstone , is standing behind his head , holding his hand for moral support .
Mark will now tell more of the story from his own perspective …
Just picture this if you can .
Just staring and waiting and enduring and waiting .
Why , only two hours ago , we were watching a beautiful sunrise on our deck drinking coffee .
After what seemed like forever , but was probably only 15 minutes , my patience was wearing thin , and my mind was thinking the worst .
I experienced a very painful episode around 4 AM this morning .
My botflys were in a feeding frenzy munching down on my scrotal tissue .
It was terrible piercing pain .
Now , I began to wonder if perhaps they had hatched and were flying around in my bedroom .
The doctor has been digging in my scrotum to no avail .
Now exasperated , I ask the doctor if he as found anything yet .
“ No Mark , nothing yet , we will have to cut deeper into the tissue ” , he replies .
Only a few minutes later , I am staring at the doctor when he get ’s this weird look on his face and his eyes are as big as saucers .
He exclaims “ It ’s alive ! ” .
He tells the attending nurse to get a container and drops the botfly larva into it .
The nurse is checking it out when I tell him “ I read on the internet that those things can jump 6 feet ” .
He slams the lid on the container and sets it down !
Brenda picks it up and brings it over to me .
With tears of joy , we now watch this thing squirming as they close up the area it came out of and get ready to search for botfly number two !
They finally locate him and remove him .
He too , is alive .
The room now has a completely different atmosphere .
As though everyone in it is bewildered at what just took place .
It reminds me of that famous scene from the movie “ Alien ” .
My nightmare is now over .
Brenda will now pick up the story again …
Photos of the actual human botfly larvae extracted from the scrotum of Mark Johnstone
When Mark came back to the office ( yes , he came straight to work ) after the surgery he had a email from the WHO Collaborating Center for Tropical Diseases .
It said “ his email was read by a professor experienced in this area at UTMB whom suggested Mark visit any competent dermatologist for appropriate evaluation and management .
In addition , from your ( Mark ’s ) email there is no indication that research is required or that the problem is necessarily botfly - related . ”
Boy was Mark mad .
He emailed them back letting them know what he had just been through and ended it with ……
… ” The only scrotal Human Botfly larva survivor you will ever know ! ”
One day Mark commented on how uncomfortable the stitches were .
I told him “ well now you have a little knowledge of what child birth is like ” .
His reply was “ Yes , but I had twins ” !
Mark has healed and is now doing fine .
We have been the joke of customers and friends that have heard about the incident .
So , if you take a trip to Costa Rica or any other country that has botflys you are well informed !
And please ….. do NOT ask to see Marks stitches !
All societies are unjust to some degree .
In law - governed societies , that injustice will often be implemented by legislation .
For a lawyer to take office as a judge in any society is to accept that he will at times have to be complicit in the implementation of laws he considers unjust .
Open gallery view Richard Goldstone during a session of the Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland , Sept. 29 , 2009 .
Credit : AP
But judges like to think that they will be able to render justice in their decisions even when the law is flawed , and often their oaths of office make this their duty .
Thus apartheid - era judges , like judges in many other jurisdictions , swore to " administer justice ... in accordance with the law . "
Given the grave injustice of apartheid , it is possible that it was both naive and morally wrong to be an apartheid - era judge .
And Richard Goldstone , who was appointed to the bench in South Africa in 1980 , and who thus sat as an apartheid - era judge for some 14 years , is currently accused of having been deeply complicit in injustice .
Some charge that Goldstone did not take the opportunities his role as judge afforded him , either to do justice or to comment on the injustice of racist laws .
He has already been ably defended against that charge by former chief justice Arthur Chaskalson , South Africa 's greatest practitioner of human rights law during apartheid .
I will focus on the other accusation : Even if Goldstone did his best , his critics suppose that the good he could do was far outweighed by the injustice in which he participated .
This charge was hotly debated in South Africa , notably after 1983 , when a law professor argued that the few liberal judges on the bench should resign because their legal duty required them to decide their cases in accordance with the immoral doctrines of apartheid .
His argument was implicitly rejected by those same liberal judges , who remained in office , and almost all legal academics dedicated to human rights dismissed it as well .
The academics rejected the argument both because they thought it underestimated the opportunity to do justice according to law and because it made a moral mistake .
One distinguished scholar pointed out that , " If we ... argue that moral judges should resign , we can no longer pray , when we go into court as defense counsel , or even as the accused , that we find a moral judge on the bench . "
If we think it important that even in a very unjust society lawyers should try to vindicate the rights of the victims of injustice in the courts , we must hope that judges who might respond positively to their claims see a moral reason to stay in office .
Indeed , even the victims of apartheid and their lawyers who chose to participate in the legal process implicitly rejected the argument for mass resignation , as was made clear by the small number of defendants who refused legal representation or even to represent themselves on the grounds that they refused make themselves complicit in systemic injustice .
So even at the worst of times , lawyers like Chaskalson and those they represented thought it worthwhile to fight for justice according to law .
And while it is indeed clear that the liberal judges took a far riskier moral course than those who refused judicial appointment , perhaps they should be admired for putting themselves out there .
They made themselves complicit in injustice , but without that complicity there would have been no justice whatsoever .
At the hearing into the role of judges and lawyers during apartheid held by South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , I argued that judges like Goldstone were justified in remaining in office because they kept alive the idea that the rule of law is a virtue in any society .
Indeed , their example is acknowledged to have been important in the decision of the African National Congress during the constitutional negotiations in 1993 not to insist , as is the case in most post - colonial African countries , on absolute legislative power for the central government , but rather to agree to a constitution that guarantees rights and freedoms and gives judges the final authority to interpret the constitution .
It was also considered fitting that both Chaskalson and Goldstone should serve on the first bench of South Africa 's Constitutional Court , the body established as the final court of appeal on constitutional matters , and which was designed to oversee the legal transformation of South Africa .
We must therefore ask why suddenly there is a chorus of uninformed opinion that wishes to second - guess the judgment of South Africans , including Nelson Mandela , who appointed the first bench of judges to the Constitutional Court .
We should also ask why the same chorus is claiming spuriously to have exposed a history that has been openly debated for almost 30 years .
David Dyzenhaus , a professor of law and philosophy at the University of Toronto , is author of " Judging the Judges , Judging Ourselves : Truth , Reconciliation , and the Apartheid Legal Order . "
what you get when you inject some real indie love into a tired genre - style , innovation , experimentation and instant playability .
At first they came from the skies .
In the ensuing war , Earth was laid waste , but we had won ...
But that was just the first strike - now the invasion has landed !
Defeat the returning Titan horde in a series of epic ground battles , save the Earth , again , and command the counterstrike against their homeworld !
Construct and command your ground defences in a series of increasingly massive battles across the solar system , in our frenetic arcade mash - up of Real Time Strategy and Tower Defence !
Take a visit to R&D to discover the latest technology , then build a network of blaster turrets , rocket launchers and laser cannon , explosives , barricades and shield generators , refineries and reactors , and send forth your own droid army to battle the invading alien forces !
Posted on by bobcargill ( @xkv8r )
about this time every year , something sensational happens … literally .
every spring , as dig season approaches , we are treated to a little hoax disguised as hope .
every spring , faith is once again used to sell something , and every year , science pays the price in the form of a reduced credibility at the hands of pseudo - scientists , who peddle their claims and cheapen the name of science .
i am speaking , of course , about the annual , sensational claims by some group that purports to have discovered the ark of the covenant , noah ’s ark , the true cross of christ , or some other biblical relic that is supposed to prove once and for all that the narratives recorded in the bible are true .
this year is no exception , but this time it appears that something far more sinister may be at work .
late - breaking news indicates that the whole thing may be a hoax .
an evangelical group out of hong kong calling itself noah ’s ark ministries international , and its partner organization , the media evangelism limited are claiming to all who will listen ( except scholars ) that they have discovered noah ’s ark .
their claim is based upon their ‘ discovery ’ of wooden ‘ rooms ’ or compartments atop turkey ’s mt .
ararat .
they claim that it must be the ark because no one would possibly build a building at that altitude .
they claim to have carbon - 14 samples , but wo n’t reveal who performed them .
and of course , they ca n’t tell us where the secret location of the site is , because , well …it ’s a secret .
still , according to the sun , group member yeung wing - cheung says :
It ’s not 100 per cent that it is Noah ’s Ark , but we think it is 99.9 per cent that this is it .
well , allow me to explore that .1 % .
in fact , let me just come right out and say it :
no , no you did n’t find noah ’s ark .
richard bartholomew and jim west have already commented upon this nonsense , but let me add my simple comments :
this group was put together to do one thing and one thing only : make money and spread ideology by pimping both archaeology and religion .
let me explain :
the media evangelism limited is a media company which states on its website that its background , vision and mission are :
Background
In 1987 , a group of young Christians in Hong Kong envisioned a society where multi-media businesses would proliferate , and they saw the chance to capitalize on the advance technologies to serve the society .
Their vision gave birth to an organization , known as “ The Media Evangelism ” ( TME ) .
The Media Evangelism Limited was officially incorporated in Hong Kong in 1991 .
Vision & Mission
The Media Evangelism Limited is a charitable Christian organization committed to building a Christian media presence by using every modern means of communication to promote the kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ .
Our missions are :
To take the message of our Lord Jesus Christ to all by means of high quality audio and visual products and services .
To foster biblical standard and Christian values in Chinese communities worldwide .
To enhance the moral and spiritual fabric of our society through creative media .
To pull together the collective wisdom of Evangelical Christians who are talented and gifted in media arts , and to collaborate with other Christian groups for the advance of the Kingdom of God .
as one might expect , the group filmed the expedition and now has a documentary movie to sell ( note the director ’s name : yeung wing - cheung ) .
it is also interesting that noah ’s ark ministries international runs a noah ’s ark theme park and needs to sell tickets .
of course , you could make even more money if you host an exhibition entitled , ‘ lost in the noah ’s ark ’ and advertised it with bizarre posters .
and , of course , the whole marketing must be kicked off in a coordinated manner .
according to their web site :
March , 2010
The “ We Touched Noah ’s Ark : The Search for A Carpenter ’s Heart ” Evangelistic Campaign was launched .
Worldwide press conferences , exhibitions and sharing are carried out to spread the Gospel through the Noah ’s Ark discovery .
follow the money and follow the ideology .
every ark expedition is about the same thing : raising funds and spreading a fundamentalist christian ideology .
this may all be well and good if you ’re a ministry , but for a group feigning to be archaeologists , it ’s a dead giveaway .
my colleague and co-chair of asor ‘s media relations committee , dr. eric cline of george washington university , appeared on good morning america wednesday , april 28 , 2010 and later on fox news on thursday , april 29 , and discussed the group ’s claims .
dr. cline mocked the ‘ 99.9 % ’ claim , incurring the wrath and claims of bias and unfairness over at cbn ( which means he ’s got it right ) .
rather than ridicule or bash them , dr. cline addressed the fundamental archaeological methods that are lacking with noah ’s ark ministries international ( the name still cracks me up ) .
they are keeping the location of the find secret , have n’t invited any scientists to provide outside verification , and have n’t revealed the source of the carbon - 14 data they claim they have .
as i said in an interview with rich buhler on 740 am kbrt this afternoon , any credible excavation knows that it must do the following :
reveal the location .
all credible excavations publish when and where they will be digging .
in fact , they are usually begging for volunteers .
but , this group has not yet even revealed the location of their find .
here ’s a rule of thumb to live by : any time someone promises you , ‘i have evidence that will prove that the bible is true , but i ca n’t show it to you , ’ be suspicious .
publish your data and get outside verification and corroboration .
all credible excavations publish their data and make it available for peer - review and cross-examination .
this is usually done at a professional conference .
this is how scholarship works .
this group has not done this .
announce to scholars first .
it is not enough to make a press release direct to the public .
those who publicize their finds with direct - to - the - media marketing campaigns and bypass scholars do so because they rely on the buzz of the media and know that the scholars will end their 15 minutes of fame before it starts .
they prey on the curiosity of the public , and hope that no one pays attention to scholars ’ rebuttal on the back pages of the same newspapers and websites that ran the initial story in the headlines .
( see : foxnews , msnbc , nat geo , abc , etc . )
this is how the academy works .
and this is how it should work .
there should be a system of checks and balances between the academy and institutions of faith .
it keeps both groups honest .
archaeologists look at these untrained , amateur , evangelical groups doing archaeology and making claims about noah ’s ark with well - deserved suspicion .
it is the exact same suspicion that evangelicals would show towards a group of untrained , amateur hindu explorers claiming to have found a mace , a chakra and a conch shell in kurukshetra that prove the existence of the hindu god vishnu .
just because you find reindeer bones at the north pole does not mean you have proved the existence of santa claus .
and , just because you find a boat does n’t mean you ’ve proved the flood .
and in this case , noah ’s ark ministries international has n’t even demonstrated that they ’ve found a boat !
they ’ve found wood .
finding a wooden structure on a mountain in turkey does not mean you ’ve discovered noah ’s ark .
it means you ’ve found a wooden building .
it could be a barn .
it could be a small cottage .
it could be a tool shed .
however , this story may be even more sinister than a simple sensationalist claim .
there is evidence that it may have all been a hoax .
an article by stephen kurczy in the christian science monitor is now claiming that fellow ark hunter , dr. randall price of liberty university , who once worked with the noah ’s ark ministries international group and was the archaeologist on the chinese - led team in 2008 when this alleged discovery was first made , may have been participants in an elaborate hoax .
according to the article :
“ If the world wants to think this is a wonderful discovery , that ’s fine .
My problem is that , in the end , proper analysis may show this to be a hoax and negatively reflect how gullible Christians can be , ” he says .
He says he has “ difficulties with a number of issues related to the evidence at hand . ”
Price declined to elaborate .
However , a leaked email from Price – which he confirms that he wrote – shows that he has reason to believe that a group of local Kurdish men trucked wood up to the mountain and staged an elaborate hoax for the Chinese team .
A group of Kurdish workers “ are said to have planted large wood beams taken from an old structure in the Black Sea area ( where the photos were originally taken ) at the Mt. Ararat site .
…
During the summer of 2009 more wood was planted inside a cave at the site .
The Chinese team went in the late summer of 2009 ( I was there at the time and knew about the hoax ) and was shown the cave with the wood and made their film , ” Price writes in the email .
michael heiser at paleobabble.com offers even more details .
he writes :
I also got an email today from one of Randall Price ’s students .
The email contains a message from Dr. Price about this expedition .
( Dr. Price , as some of you may recall , has been doing a lot of searching for the ark lately . )
Here is an excerpt from his message :
I was the archaeologist with the Chinese expedition in the summer of 2008 and was given photos of what they now are reporting to be the inside of the Ark .
I and my partners invested $ 100,000 in this expedition ( described below ) which they have retained , despite their promise and our requests to return it , since it was not used for the expedition .
The information given below is my opinion based on what I have seen and heard ( from others who claim to have been eyewitnesses or know the exact details ) .
To make a long story short : this is all reported to be a fake .
The photos were reputed to have been taken off site near the Black Sea , but the film footage the Chinese now have was shot on location on Mt. Ararat .
In the late summer of 2008 ten Kurdish workers hired by Parasut , the guide used by the Chinese , are said to have planted large wood beams taken from an old structure in the Black Sea area ( where the photos were originally taken ) at the Mt. Ararat site .
In the winter of 2008 a Chinese climber taken by Parasut ’s men to the site saw the wood , but could n’t get inside because of the severe weather conditions .
During the summer of 2009 more wood was planted inside a cave at the site .
The Chinese team went in the late summer of 2009 ( I was there at the time and knew about the hoax ) and was shown the cave with the wood and made their film .
As I said , I have the photos of the inside of the so - called Ark ( that show cobwebs in the corners of rafters – something just not possible in these conditions ) and our Kurdish partner in Dogubabyazit ( the village at the foot of Mt. Ararat ) has all of the facts about the location , the men who planted the wood , and even the truck that transported it .
so it appears that the whole thing may have been rigged .
an ark - eologist got duped by other ark - eologists .
this is simply sad .
the problem with this is that both religion and science lose .
people of faith look like a bunch of liars that will do or say anything to prove their faith , including lie , cheat , steal , and rig an elaborate hoax to raise money and spread their faith .
but because they use science to make their claim , religious fundamentalists will claim that scientists are elaborate tricksters that manipulate data in an attempt to prove the bible is false .
and somewhere in between these two extremes are honest people of faith and honest scientists trying to have an honest debate about the feasibility and historicity of a flood and an ark , questioning why different numbers of animals on the ark are given in the bible , ( gen 6:19 vs. gen 7:2 ) , and how wood could have survived and not decomposed over time .
these arguments are lost because both extremes - the religious fundamentalists and the militant agnostics - retreat to their extreme positions , and the media loves extreme anything .
science and faith both lose .
both can co-exist , but episodes like this one do n’t help .
this unfortunate episode also reveals that there are two levels of ‘ sensational ’.
the first is the sensationalism that we find when someone makes an unsubstantiated archaeological claim .
whenever someone finds a piece of wood on top of a mountain in turkey , someone is always sure to claim they ’ve found noah ’s ark .
there is no evidence , but this speculation is sure to raise eyebrows , and so someone always irresponsibly makes that claim .
but , there is a far more egregious form of sensationalism : the hoax .
this is when evidence is planted so that said sensational claim can be made .
this hoax should be met with outrage , and both noah ’s ark ministries international , their sponsors , and the local turkish government officials should be sanctioned for their participation in the charade .
so no , you did n’t find noah ’s ark .
but you did get to be honorable citizens for the day .
and you got your name in the paper .
and you got you picture taken .
and you ’ve become the latest chapter in the seemingly never ending story of the quest for things that we ’ll never find , if they ever existed at all .
and one more thing : my hat is off to all of the scholars and the cadre of bloggers that came forward to research this story and expose this charade .
hats off to the news organizations that quickly posted responses to the initial story like time and the christian science monitor .
and hats off to randall price , whom i previously ripped in this very space , for admitting his mistake and exposing this nonsense .
you did the right thing and i respect that .
Filed under : archaeology , idiocy , nonsense , pseudoscience , religion | Tagged : 740 am , archaeology , cbn , chinese , documentary , eric cline , exhibition , film , fraud , genesis , hoax , hong kong , jim west , kbrt , media evangelism limited , mt. ararat , noah , noah 's ark , noah ’s ark ministries international , randall price , rich buhler , richard bartholomew , theme park , turkey , yeung wing - cheung |
Cut services for poorer senior citizens and the disabled or tax the rich ?
That ’s the question that will be debated in the New Jersey Legislature on Monday as the state maneuvers to balance a budget deficit of close to $ 11 billion .
The tax , which was overwhelmingly opposed by Republicans last year , would re-impose a 10.75 percent levy on income over $ 1 million and affect a grand total of 16,000 people — many of whom are financial professionals working on Wall Street .
–JCL
I almost felt bad for Mr. Obama .
All he is trying to do is have a meal which many Americans eat routinely and peacefully unnoticed .
Obama orders a burger and fries and people issue press releases and call the media .
It brought two important and under -used words to my mind – Shut Up !
Mrs. Obama has contributed her share of preaching about obesity and “ food choices ” so it may be that it has come full circle and he is receiving a dose of what his wife has been dishing out to the rest of us .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bottom line is this – I think the President has every right to make choices about where he eats and what he eats .
They are his arteries and , from what I can see , he is neither overweight nor unhealthy .
But I hope he reflects on the experience of having some annoying bunch of liberals try to dictate every moment of your life down to what you eat .
At 5 Guys , came face - to - face with what concerns and even angers most Americans about his approach to government .
He stands ready to dictate just about every detail in an average American ’s life – from health care to housing and food .
Leave the President and his family alone to have a meal of their choosing .
And people like the liberals at CSPI would do better to eat more hamburgers , more fries and , as a matter of fact , more anything .
And as long as they do n’t talk with their mouths full – the public interest will be served best by their silent chomping .
Andrea Lafferty is the Executive Director of the Traditional Values Coalition .
Unexpectedly Intriguing !
We first calculated the average individual American 's effective oil consumption per day back in June 2008 .
Today , in considering Barack Obama 's first Oval Office address to the nation , in which he stated his desire for individual Americans to transition away from consuming so much oil , we thought we 'd revisit and update the data to see if Americans have been or are as wasteful with oil resources as the President would appear to believe .
The chart to the right reveals what we found when we took the U.S. Energy Information Agency 's figures for the average number of thousands of barrels of Finished Petroleum Products Supplied to the U.S. per day , converted those figures to the equivalent number of U.S. gallons , then divided that result by the number of people within the United States , as measured by the U.S. Census ' Resident Population Estimate for each month from January 1982 through March 2010 ( we found that data in two places - here it is for between April 1980 through November 2000 , and for April 2000 through the present ) .
What we find is that since January 1982 , the average daily oil consumption for individual Americans living in the United States has averaged 2.56 gallons per person .
More remarkably , we see that Americans have dramatically reduced their consumption of oil and its derivative products since July 2007 .
So dramatically , in fact , that Americans today are consuming roughly one - third of a gallon per person less than they did on average from January 1982 through November 2007 , the last full month before the largest recession in the U.S. since World War II began .
As of March 2010 , Americans are consuming an average 2.28 gallons of oil per day .
That drop has occurred even as the resident population of the United States steadily increased throughout this period , which means that most of the decline may largely be attributed to falling aggregate economic productivity during these years .
What 's more , when we calculate the standard deviation of the individual American 's effective daily oil consumption and plot lines indicating the " statistically normal " limits within which we would expect to find any data point some 99.7 % of the time , we confirm that the oil consumption of individual Americans has already broken below what would be considered normal in more healthy economic circumstances .
We should note that we 've already identified a sharply falling demand for oil as being a key indicator of economic distress in the modern world .
We 'll conclude by observing that Barack Obama would appear to already be getting his wish with respect to the oil consumption of Americans .
Unfortunately for Americans desiring the return of a healthy economy , he would seem to not be satisfied with achieving his goals .
To generalize something we said before : " There are people who may want to blame anything bad having to do with oil on the collective buying habits and lifestyles of American consumers , but this is one dog that just wo n't hunt !
You can safely rest assured that anyone who does so is just looking for an excuse to screw the American consumer over for their own personal benefit . "
Labels : data visualization , gas consumption
Channel Tags Go !
Recent Tags
and awesome barack bbc car comedy cop curb current earth episode free funny gear google green in john journalism live love mccain motor mountain music news obama of olympics on photo politics reddit reform science secret sesame show stewart street the to top trail truth tv video war
About the middle of last week I got an email with the subject line " SCO - Too Soon to Comment ? " that said :
Come on " Paul " , you need to step up someday and admit that you have been wrong all along about SCO and their scheme against Linux .
You can do it , I know you can !
This led to an interesting exchange - interesting because when I responded I got back an intelligent question instead of the personalized denunciation various groklaw fans have taught me to expect from an exchange on this subject .
Here 's my immediate response :
Well I was clearly wrong about the jury verdict - still find that hard to believe - but not , I think about the facts of the case .
One of those facts being that SCO did not have a scheme against Linux - their lawyers tried to license Linux as a way of valuing the claim against IBM , nothing more ( or less either since that was a very bad idea . )
Two notes about this :
the judge 's ruling essentially just extends the jury 's verdict to the ancillary issues : the surprise would have been had he decided not to do this - and his decision to do the safe thing seems , like the jury 's , to have been more of a responses to some of the witnesses than to their testimony .
much of the stuff on SCO I wrote for LinuxWorld and CIOToday does n't seem to be there anymore - but you can see some of it here - and the second essay on that list , from October of 2003 , tries to debunk many of the myths surrounding this " attack on Linux " idea .
The response this drew was :
Forgetting the copyright issue for a minute , do you really think there are " tens of thousands " of lines of Unix V copied into Linux and if so why did n't SCO disclose any of them ?
And , because that 's a pretty good question I wrote a long response :
Sort of - and I can only guess
It 's my belief that the official System 390 Linux port done in Germany and released to the community via SuSe was done with the assistance of people who worked , or had worked , on AIX maintenance and development - and who therefore brought a lot of that system specific knowledge and access along with them .
( It did n't help that the project was an emergency funded , ego driven , put down response to a much better and cleaner but highly unofficial Linux 390 port by a guy who'd managed to offend his entire management chain within IBM . )
I think the author of the advanced unix programming book [ Marc Rochkind ] testified at length about the impact this had on the code base - but two things seem to have happened : first , because it 's not line for line copying the comments about what they were trying to do or what the mechanism was are often nearly the same between the two ( AIX 3.X and SuSe 7.X / PPC ) , but the code itself is sufficiently changed to deny that thousands of lines business ; and , neither SCO 's lawyers nor their own top management understood the technical issues , and kept issuing releases based on their highly simplified view of the consequences of what happened rather than what actually happened .
The worst part of this , of course , is that all the more probable futures are worse for Linux than they were before the jury did its thing .
In exchange for which , the guy fed me another straight line :
OK , you have peaked my curiosity and have my attention .
How would the Linux community come ahead if SCO had actually won ?
to which I said :
1 ) the copyrights are a distraction - this would have left the way clear for the original lawsuit to go ahead and it did n't have to have any impact on Linux .
2 ) it would have left SuSe as a viable market competitor not up for grabs by the next MBA with an itch to sue 3 ) now that copyrights have been made an issue , someone capturing Novel can most probably really do what SCO 's lawyers only thought they could do : issue real Linux licenses and make them stick .
The basic problem here is that it's hard to get clarity on this thing - in my opinion because the underlying claim was a slamdunk from the beginning , but the attempt to attach a big dollar value to it never made much technical , financial , or legal sense to anyone other than the lawyers involved .
And , of course , this kind of furball generates its own weird spin - offs - as the guy 's next question gives me a chance to illustrate :
Do you believe that Novell retained the right to control SYSV contracts ( I believe this was in section 4.16 of the APA ) and could have prevented the SCO - IBM lawsuit ?
No - whoever holds the AT&T contract is contractually obliged to enforce it - i.e. if Novell held the rights , they also held the obligation .
This is one area where a new owner could sue because IBM's $ 50 M raises all kinds of arguable issues .
( Note : I have no idea how right / wrong this would be - too many unknowns . )
This will go down in legal history as an astonishing hail mary that actually worked .
Amazing really .
And that brings us to one of many consequences arising from the jury verdict : because if the deal did n't transfer the rights , it 's reasonable to conclude that the obligations did n't transfer either .
Given that , I 'd guess ( and this is pure speculation : actually working out the details would take legal expertise and a lot of time ) that it should now be possible to argue that the verdict , along with Novell 's testimony leading to it , negates the entire sales agreement - and because Novell 's own CEO and chief negotiator did n't know what they were n't selling , an allegation of fraud is n't any crazier than what actually happened with the copyrights - possibly leaving Novell on the hook for all of the costs and losses incurred by SCO since this started .
Overall this is a case in which the next surprise has almost always seemed a red herring to those judging on the basis of the underlying issues - and red meat to those to those using any available means or information to attack SCO .
Right now , I have no idea about what 's going to happen next : imaginary scenarios run from IBM trying for cover by directly or indirectly acquiring Novell , to Microsoft buying them out and ultimately making Linux either its own core OS or impractically expensive - conceivably we could even get an outbreak of sanity - but one thing seems clear : with this much money on the table somebody 's going to do something , and just about all the longer term scenarios look net negative for the Linux and open source communities .
A couple of weeks late with this one I know , and I ’m sorry .
But hey , better late then never eh ?
Enjoy .
This generation of consoles has been an interesting one for sure , but it ’s not over yet .
In an effort to increase the console lifecycle , Sony and Microsoft have announced motion control devices to be launched this fall .
Both companies are approaching motion gaming differently , but both are using these new technologies as a way to re-launch their respective consoles .
This is in no small way due to the huge success Nintendo has had with their answer to motion gaming .
But how do these three devices compare ?
And which is more likely to control the free time of gamers everywhere ?
This is the fourth part of the Motion Gaming series .
Part 1 focuses on Sony ’s answer to Motion Gaming , the Playstation Move .
Part 2 takes a closer look at Microsoft ’s Project Natal .
Part 3 looks to Nintendo and their contributions to the motion gaming genre , both past , present and future .
And part 4 , which you ’ll find below , will look at all three in an effort to compare and predict the outcome of the motion wars .
The past three entries of this series have been about each company ’s individual answer to motion gaming and the technology behind it .
We ’ve learned how accurate Sony ’s Playstation Move can be , how revolutionary Microsoft ’s Project Natal is going to be , and how excessively successfully Nintendo ’s Wii Remote has been .
What about the future ?
Come E3 2010 , will the tables turn ?
Will everything discussed in these articles the past month become outdated and pointless ?
First let ’s take a look at what we can expect to have seen from the big three , after the E3 2010 week ends .
E3 2010
Since both Microsoft and Sony blew their load early and introduced us to Move and Natal E3 2009 , we ca n’t expect to get that many big new announcements from them .
Apart from new games utilizing the Move and Natal technology , the electronics giants are n’t expected to make any big splashes in the motion gaming pond .
Nintendo on the other hand has left the table wide open .
No doubt the Nindendo 3DS will make a big appearance , but can we expect to see anything related to motion gaming ?
We know Killzone 3 exists somewhere out there , and that it will feature 3D , which Sony is pushing so valiantly .
Could it also be that Killzone 3 will use the Move controller for aiming and that ever so elusive perfect grenade toss ?
Or will Sony focus on new franchises custom tailored to the Move technology ?
And given the hint we got from the Engadget Show Move demonstration , will there be games featuring previously unseen ways to use the Move technology ?
What about the next game of ThatGameCompany ?
We already know Flower will be patched to allow for Move support , will their next project be revealed to be equally Moveing ?
To give conclusive answers to these questions would be silly , irresponsible and could needlessly put my own reputation as everyone ’s favorite gaming guru in jeopardy .
So I ’m going to go ahead and say ; No , Yes , Yes and Yes .
Microsoft , unlike Sony , has barely shown any Natal games to the public .
So one could reasonably assume that the majority of their pre-E3 Natal event will be filled with more or less nothing but brand spanking new games .
If there is one thing the Natal has going for it , it ’s being versatile in things outside the traditional gaming experience .
Expect Microsoft to focus heavily on these nontraditional experiences like : wardrobe managers , pet - raising games , fitness games , trivia , physical challenges , and perhaps even educational games .
Which is n’t to say that Natal wo n’t have any traditional gamers games in its lineup , but at this point it ’s a crapshoot as to what those games might turn out to be .
Natal has in total more developers working on games for the platform than Sony has with the Move .
We just do n’t know what any of them are , or even might be .
Expect Fable III and EA Sports Grand Slam Tennis .
Then you ’ve got Nintendo , which has the 3DS and Wii Vitality Sensor coming up , none of which qualify as motion gaming devices … as far as we know .
But last year Nintendo launched a little product called the Wii Motion Plus .
It gave the motion capabilities of the Wii a critical jump ahead in its evolution .
But since then support for it via games have been disappointing to say the least , with only a couple dozen announced , never mind already released .
We ’re currently expecting to see the new Zelda game , the much beloved Pikmin sequel , The Conduit 2 and of course the mysterious Epic Mickey .
Any one of those could feature Motion Plus control , and although it might not be Motion Plus exclusive , the future looks far from dark for the motion capabilities of the Wii .
Yet some analysts and journalists are saying that it might be time for Nintendo to unveil its Wii HD .
If so , will it feature even better motion control ?
Probably .
The Future
The thing about the future is that it has n’t happened yet .
You ca n’t exactly google - it to find out what happens / ed .
That did n’t stop Kevin Butler so it wo n’t stop me either , although a pair of those funky plastic mirror glasses would n’t hurt .
Motion control is by no means the last stop at the evolution of the gaming medium .
In the future we ’ll likely have holographic technology and eventually virtual worlds resembling that of The Matrix .
But that ’s not what we ’re talking about now .
What we are talking about is motion control , so post Natal , Move and Wiimote , what will gamers use to control their games ?
Right now we ’ve got the following technologies on the table : 1to1 precision , head tracking , body tracking , voice recognition , facial recognition , emotion recognition , audio feedback , physical feedback , visual feedback and augmented reality .
What features could be added in the future to improve motion gaming ?
If you know the answer to that question you should probably seek a carrier in game design .
Possible inclusions could be chemical feedback ( where drugs are used to alter your state of mind according to events in the game ) or odor feedback ( where different smells are added to the room to coincide with the in - game environment . )
Both of these are pretty unlikely though as they could be disgusting at best and lethal at worst .
So instead of adding a bunch of features to the motion control experience I believe simple refinement of what ’s already there is all we ’re going to get for the next 10 - 20 years , after which Virtual Reality technology is predicted to begin emerging .
So what sort of refinements could this be ?
One of the big problems with motion control right now is noticeable lag .
Even Sony ’s Move device ( the most precise of the three ) has a tiny amount of noticeable lag .
What we would need to solve this is even more powerful consoles , sensor devices and perhaps most importantly , display devices .
All of these things affect the frame rate at which the movement can be captured and displayed on screen ; the higher the frame rate the more smooth the experience .
But the human eye can only detect so many frames before it all becomes a blur , so at some point we ’ll reach the tipping point and upgrading the technology will become pointless .
Conclusion
There is no doubt in my mind that Nintendo will be the one to take away the gold .
It ’s just too far ahead in terms of sales for the others to catch up this generation .
Their sales might increase and Nintendo ’s might decrease , but not nearly at a fast enough rate for either Sony or Microsoft to catch up .
But the beauty of it all is , they do n’t have to .
All three of the big console makers have enough sales to justify continuing involvement in the video game industry for years to come .
There is a market for everything and that includes Natal and Move .
While Nintendo may have captured the casual market with its Wiimote , the market is large enough for all three and especially since the Playstation Move in particular looks to be targeting the core gamer market as well , if not more than the casual one .
Ten years from now motion gaming will definitely be a standard feature in videogames .
There is no denying where the industry is heading and how the public is responding .
What will be interesting to see is who ’s going to lead the charge .
So far it ’s been Nintendo .
But Microsoft could capture the imagination of the main stream market with Natal quite easily if it ’d only lower the price a little from the rumored 149 $ .
Sony most certainly will give hardcore gamers the motion control experience they ’ve been waiting for with Move , but only time will tell if they ’re able to branch out from that market base and achieve the same success in sales the competitors are likely to enjoy .
E3 is in a few weeks and will give us a clearer picture of the future of motion gaming , but meanwhile I hope these articles have provided you with interesting information and made you consider new perspectives in the big debate .
A debate which I might add would be well continued in the comments section below .
Thanks for reading .
( Image by Pyxelated )
Standing on the Walton - Okaloosa county line in a hazy sunset , looking out across the Midbay Bridge toward Okaloosa Island and Destin .
This is Choctawhatchee Bay , which the local county is trying to block oil from getting into and destroying .
Camera phone photo , copyright by Lorna Tedder ; all rights reserved .
I ’ve spent so much of the past month concerned about the effects of the Gulf Oil spill on my allergies and asthma that i did n’t notice the shift in the “ energy ” in the coastal environment where I live .
Since I first smelled the wind - driven , gagging , petroleum smell from the controlled burns in the Gulf of Mexico on the evening of 19 May 2010 , I ’ve been more concerned with managing to hold my breath while I run between the car and my house or the car and my office .
It was intermittent at first , once every week for a day or two , but as of this week , it ’s constant and I cannot exercise outdoors , walk through my garden , wash the car in the driveway .
It ’s a struggle to take the trash to the curb or get the mail without finding my air supply cut off by the first hint of fumes in my throat .
Still , I missed something –the metaphysical changes in the Gulf Coast area over the past 2 months since the BP oil spill and Deepwater Horizon .
Once a month , my spiritual circle meets at my house , which is about 5 miles inland , and my guests come from as close as two blocks away to as far away as 25 + miles inland .
At our June “ Sunday Night Gathering , ” some of my guests noted the same strong smell in the air , as well as a haze .
Then one of them commented on being able to “ feel ” the oil in the air , and I realized , yes , it ’s true .
Some of us who sense energy shifts do feel the oil , not just as a haze or stench but in the metaphysical sense .
It is heavy here .
Not so much greasy as suffocating .
There are no better words for me to tag the feeling of it except heavy and suffocating .
I think that says it all .
It ’s an image of tar blanketing our faces and bodies and cutting off the breath of life .
If you ’re unaccustomed to thinking about locations in the “ energetic ” sense , let ’s try a different example that might be better understood .
Every location has a different “ energy . ”
I ’ve travelled the States extensively in my career , before limiting travel due to child custody issues , and every city I ’ve visited has its own energy … what some might call a personality but more than that .
By “ energy , ” I mean also a spiritual aspect to the location ’s personality .
Though I live near the beach–formerly a perk of where my career landed me–I love the mountains .
If you ’ve driven the Blue Ridge Parkway , you might have noticed the powerful energy there .
It ’s ancient and fresh at the same time .
You feel the freshness of heaven there even before you lower your car windows and taste the clouds hanging in the air around you .
Gettysburg , where I ’ve visited twice , makes me physically ill as soon as I hit the battlefield perimeter .
I mean violently ill .
I feel the fear and death all around , and the museum full of sweetheart ’s photos and broken spectacles taken from those who died there sings to me of longing for home and loved ones never to be seen again .
It ’s an empath ’s nightmare .
After Hurricane Katrina , I could not go back to New Orleans .
What had been relaxed , easy , and a little exotic suddenly felt as if the ground itself had been poisoned .
I ’ve also declined to visit Ground Zero while in New York City and I wo n’t return to The Alamo either .
On the other hand , while visiting the United Kingdom , the guide pointed out the Black Mountains as our bus headed back toward London .
One glimpse of them and I had the deepest yearning to go there that I have ever had in my life for any place .
I could not explain it but the energy of that place , growing smaller in the distance , touched something in me that I had n’t known was there .
My guest was correct when he noted the change in the energy , that you could feel something different in the air beyond the obvious smell or the resignation and anger of the local residents .
The oil here has had an energetic impact , a spiritual impact on this location .
I know that oil , not just gas , has become a mainstay in our lives and that we as a species have contaminated our planet and our bodies with petrochemicals .
I know that the computer I ’m typing on was made with oil and that the clothes I ’m wearing were made with oil .
I know that the shampoo bottle in my bathroom was made with oil , right down to the adhesive labels .
I know that oil is pervasive in every aspect of our lives .
Yet energetically , the sheer magnitude of the oil spill feels as if it ’s contaminating life in a much bigger way .
The energy is shifting that way and the personality of this entire place is on the brink of change , and not just wildlife .
It feels poisoned .
Contaminated .
It feels as if we are changing the very elements of what we are .
The next time we gather at a festival and chant that familiar song , will it still be
Earth , my body ;
Water , my blood ;
Air , my breath ;
And fire , my spirit ?
Or will it be
Earth , my body ; Oil , my blood … ?
Stu MacGregor took over as the Oilers ' Head Scout in October of 2007 .
He 's been at the helm for two drafts and some say that those have been among the brightest drafts in the post - Stanley Cup era .
Fans of Finnish hockey have loved the MacGregor Era as Stu has spent late round picks on kids from Finland in both drafts , clearly signaling the return to greatness for this once proud franchise .
Have MacGregor 's late Finnish picks been random , or are European Amateur Scout Kent Nilsson and Stu MacGregor working their own fishing hole ?
Since taking the job , MacGregor has dipped into Sweden and Finland a combined five times in twelve picks , and it seems that Kenta has found an audience for his recommendations .
If it is a fishing hole , it 's worthwhile to take a look at which Finnish players are flying under the radar this year .
Who could be better to ask for advice on an underrated draft - year Finn than a Finn who was underrated in his own draft year ?
I asked Teemu Hartikainen who I should be investigating and one name immediately came to mind -- Iiro Pakarinen .
Iiro Pakarinen is a right - shooting right winger from Suonenjoki , a town of 7,000 people located forty - five minutes outside of Kuopio , home of KalPa Hockey .
Suonenjoki is internationally renown for their strawberry farms and , according to Hartikainen , there 's a chance that the town might be exporting something else in the next few years .
His proximity to Kuopio means that Pakarinen 's formative years have been spent in the KalPa system , trailing Hartikainen by two years .
He 's listed at 6 ' 1 " and 200 pounds , so he 's already a big kid even though he 's only eighteen years old .
Before diving into the scouting reports on Pakarinen , I asked Teemu for an overview of Pakarinen 's game :
He is a young and upcoming talent in Kuopio and I think if he gets more ice time he will score many goals .
He plays a lot like me , and shoots really well .
Unfortunately , he 's going into the army now to complete his service , so maybe he gets to shine after Christmas .
I really hope that some team will take him in the later rounds .
Just like another young winger we both know , eh Teemu ?
The Oilers are well - positioned to take a player like Pakarinen in the later rounds as they have three choices in the sixth round .
Central Scouting ranks Pakarinen 54th among European forwards and 73rd among European skaters overall , so he 's far afield from someone like Teemu Pulkkinen , at least according to the scouts .
So , as far as darkhorses go , this kid is breaking from way off of the pace .
The scouting reports all seem to agree with Hartikainen 's take :
Strengths : Large player , with a hard , accurate shot .
He scores more goals than assists .
Weaknesses : Inexperienced and his agility is an issue .
Consistency is missing .
Elite Prospects says :
A large , left - handed winger who skates well .
Has a good , sharp wrist shot .
A good finisher .
He may be left - handed , but as I noted above , he 's a right - handed shooter .
I 'm not sure if this is just bad info or a bad translation .
Pakarinen broke into the SM - liiga this season with KalPa , playing in thirty - eight games but averaged only a bit more than eight minutes per game .
He scored three goals and chipped in with five assists .
He had thirty - seven penalty minutes but the number is misleading as twenty - five of them came in a single game against HIFK in which Pakarinen scored two goals , had seven shots on goal , was plus two and managed a major and a misconduct all in only seven minutes of ice time .
Pakarinen 's performance in tournaments of small sample size is much better .
In the World Junior Championship Tournament he scored a goal and an assist in six games .
In the SM - Liiga playoffs Pakarinen scored three goals and was a plus two in twelve games despite playing only eleven minutes per game .
Below is a brief clip of Pakarinen in action and both times he goes to a knee to finish .
I had the opportunity to chat with Pakarinen and ask him about his game .
I asked him if he thought that Hartikainen 's assessment was accurate .
" Yes , the things that Teemu said to you are true , " he said .
" I play a very similar game to him .
I have a pretty hard shot with good accuracy .
I 'm strong in the corners and on the boards and I like to lay heavy hits . "
What about the offensive game , I wondered .
Is Iiro a stickhandler , a setup man , a finisher ?
" I try to shoot every place where I am , " he said , echoing coach Pekka Virta 's philosphy .
Leave it to the Greeks to expose American liberals and the road to statism they continue to take our nation .
Over the past 20 years , how many times have we heard European statists extolling the virtues and benefits of the socialistic welfare state ?
Europeans have proven that socialism works , the statists have repeatedly claimed over the years .
Just look at how successful all that free government dole has proven to be in Europe .
And then there is Greece , which everyone is conceding is only the first socialist European domino that is set to fall .
Notice that there ’s no talk about how deregulation , free enterprise , free markets , the bankers , the speculators , profiteers , or greedy people are responsible for the Greek debacle .
Everyone concedes that the core of the problem is debt , massive amounts of debt that the Greek government has incurred to fund the ever - growing demands of the parasitic class , that is , those Greek people who are on the government dole .
Let ’s go back to economic basics .
The only way that government gets its money is through taxes and borrowing .
If it borrows , the way it pays back its debt is by taxing people and then using the tax revenues to pay off the debt .
So , government is not like a private business , which creates wealth by producing goods and services that other people are willing to pay for .
Instead , government confiscates wealth that is being produced by private entities in the marketplace .
Thus , a welfare state is based on the notion that the government should seize money from people who have produced it in the marketplace and give it to people who have not produced it .
Not surprisingly , given human propensities , over time the number of people who are seeking to go on the dole increases while the will of public officials to tax people diminishes .
Giving out the dole to more people is fun but collecting the taxes to fund the dole is not so much fun because people tend to get angry over that sort of thing .
So , to fund their welfare state Greek public officials just began doing what U.S. public officials have been doing to fund their welfare - warfare state .
They embarked on a massive borrowing spree , borrowing ever - increasing sums of money .
Needless to say , Greek statists said the same thing that their counterparts here in the United States say about the national debt — that it ’s no big deal because “ we owe it to ourselves . ”
But as the Greeks are discovering , it is a big deal precisely because “ we do n’t owe it to ourselves . ”
One group of people — the bondholders — are owed money by the government .
And the only way the government can pay off the bondholders is by taxing another group of people — those in the private sector who have wealth .
The Greek welfare - state debt has grown so large that investors no longer want to invest in Greek bonds .
Investors fear a default , meaning that the Greek government would not pay back its creditors in full .
Why invest in debt instruments if you are confident the debtor is n’t going to pay you back ?
There is an obvious solution : dismantle the welfare state and the massive spending and borrowing it requires .
But that ’s anathema to statists everywhere , including Greece .
Meanwhile , Greece ’s dole recipients are on the rampage , refusing to accept even modest reductions in their dole .
Moreover , to pay off the massive amounts of accumulated debt will require the imposition of massive taxes on those Greeks who have money , thereby causing even greater economic burden on the country .
What to do ?
Not surprisingly , every proposal involves keeping the welfare state in existence .
What the Greeks are proposing is that German and American taxpayers ( through the IMF ) help them out with foreign taxpayer money .
But even if that works , lurking in the background are more welfare - state dominoes , such as Portugal and Spain .
Who ’s going to bail them out ?
And who is going to bail out the bailors , such as Germany and the United States ?
So , what are American liberals proposing ?
They ’re proposing what they ’ve done for decades here in the United States : Inflation !
Consider , for example , the following two articles : Bold Stroke May Be Beyond Europe ’s Means and The Greek Crisis by Dean Baker .
The first one is a New York Times news article and the second one is a commentary on the liberal website Counterpunch.org .
Both articles lament the fact that the Greeks lack the means to do what American statists have done for the past several decades — pay off government debt by inflating the currency .
The following is the essence of their argument : government has incurred massive amounts of debt to fund its welfare - state programs and lacks the financial means to pay off its debts .
So , why not simply have the central bank ( i.e. , the Federal Reserve or the European central bank ) simply print up the money and use it to pay off the debts ?
Voila !
Problem solved !
So , why ca n’t the Greeks do that ?
Because they ’re part of the Euro zone , which the Germans control .
Germans have traditionally been ardent opponents of inflation , especially given their horrendous experience with hyperinflation after World War I .
Thus , the German mark , which preceded the Euro , was always much more solid and sound than other European currencies .
When Germany agreed to surrender the mark for the Euro , the last thing that Germany was going to do was accept a weak currency in place of the mark .
But American liberals think that such a sound - money policy is ridiculous .
Baker himself chides a German official for saying , “ Inflation never solves anything . ”
Harkening to the standard Keynesian notions that American students are subjected to all across the land , Baker ’s ideal would be for the Greek government to inflate at least part of that debt out of existence .
It would revitalize the economy , he says .
I wonder if he ’s heard of Zimbabwe .
But wait a minute !
Does that mean that there are no costs to inflation ?
Is it “ free , ” just like all the other benefits of the welfare state ?
Alas , Baker does n’t talk about the costs , perhaps because the consequences of inflation have historically fallen most heavily on the poor , the sector in society that liberals claim to love and be concerned about .
For example , people on fixed incomes and low incomes .
They ’re the ones whose incomes are devastated by the ever - increasing prices that inflation produces .
Inflation is nothing more than a tax , but the reason that statists love it is because they know that the poor and ignorant wo n’t figure out that it ’s a tax on them .
They ’ll inevitably blame rising prices on big business , free enterprise , private owners , free enterprise , greed , OPEC , service stations , speculators , bankers , capitalists , and maybe even illegal aliens .
Moreover , liberals simply block out of their minds that inflation is just another form of legalized welfare - state stealing .
By intentionally paying off creditors with debased money , the government plunders and loots people who lend money in order to help out the entities , including the government , to whom they lent the money .
Where is the morality and justice in that ?
Inflation is just part and parcel of the big fraud and scam known as the welfare state , a way of life that is bankrupt in every sense of the word — morally , financially , and economically .
And that ’s the road that American statists have taken us and continue to take us — the road to serfdom , the road to bankruptcy , the road to moral debauchery , the road to Greece , the road to the Roman Empire .
Jacob Hornberger is founder and president of The Future of Freedom Foundation .
Send him email .
Photos By : Angelo Alaimo
As Engineering 5 nears completion , we ’re sure everyone is anxious to see the newest building on campus .
After breaking ground in June 2008 , the area formerly known as parking lot B has seen a flurry of construction activity leading up to a Spring 2010 completion of the new building .
Thanks to Sue Gooding , Operations Manager for Engineering , The Iron Warrior was lucky to have been granted a full tour of the E5 as it approaches substantial completion and future grand opening .
In the meantime , here are our first impressions of the newest addition to the engineering faculty .
When you first enter E5 up the exterior west - facing stairway , you come into the second floor entryway , and just stop .
This large open area is dominated by central stairs built in a switch - back style connecting the building from the second to sixth floors .
The ceiling of the lobby , about five floors above , is covered with LED lights to provide a soft blue light through the room .
These lights can currently been seen at night from the outside of the building .
The central atrium stair case itself is obviously meant to be an architectural set piece , but in a useful way .
The staircases are solid black with ridges of LED rope light , adding more indirect light without blinding fluorescent bulbs .
Standing in the central atrium you ca n’t help but look up , your eyes are naturally drawn to the far side where you can easily see through to the sky outside – a far cry from the many solid enclosed concrete structures on campus .
The second major thing in the central atrium that draws your attention is the massive panels of glass wrapping around each floor .
From the ground floor you can see above into hallways , seminar rooms and common areas .
Looking north from the staircase , you will see the best view of the expansive Student Design Center which is located on the first floor below .
With open ceilings in the student team ’s garages you are able to see into the areas from the second floor , the feeling of impending creativity and industry advancement is hard to avoid .
The area just looks like a great place to work and brainstorm new ideas , and there are more areas for this exact purpose .
On the second floor and facing the student teams garage area are designated offices and meeting rooms for their use .
The student teams will be sharing these offices which include a general office area and workspace for drafting or other activities .
These large meeting rooms will hold around sixty people , with network and power connections for laptops throughout .
One of the best of these meeting rooms located in the corner of the building has one wall overlooking the student teams garage and the other two looking out onto the building landscaping and surrounding area .
While most of the student team ’s garages were able to be located in the central area some had to be located on the second floor .
The robotics team room is very similar , except without the garage door , as they are n’t driving any full size vehicles out it is a perfect fit .
Now , coming off of the right side of the lobby is the engineering computer commons , which will add another 24hr computer lab to the faculty .
This lab has space for approximately 93 occupants , lots of natural light , and acoustic dampening to reduce carrying noise .
Continuing on , we toured the upper floors , which have space for undergrad , grad , and faculty use .
On all of the floors the perimeter is mostly used for faculty offices and general meeting rooms , while the centre area is used for seminar rooms and other offices .
Good sized lab rooms are paired with offices for grad students , as well as occasional program specific computer labs and study lounges .
One of the most interesting features is the split seminar rooms and scissor - lift walls .
Located throughout the building , these large rooms can be split down the middle by panelled walls covered in chalk boards .
The interesting part will be when these walls are retracted into the ceiling to leave a single seminar room for large presentations .
All of the boards in the building are chalk rather than white boards , a choice made in consultation with faculty and staff .
Inside the faculty offices you can see the window treatment , visible from the outside as the different shaded triangles .
From the inside this effect is shown to be a pattern of dots on the window , with different diameters creating the shading .
While the dots are initially disconcerting you quickly adjust and begin to look past them , though it will be a little weird for the new occupants the first few days .
Each floor has a distinct layout , as specified by the occupying programs , Electrical and Computer ( ECE ) , Mechanical and Mechatronics ( MME ) , and Systems Design ( SYDE ) .
MME and SYDE will be moving their administrative office to E5 , while ECE will be maintaining their current office in EIT and using the new space for seminar rooms and offices .
Each floor of E5 has its own feature to separate it from the rest of the building .
Obviously the student teams garage and the central lobby dominate the first and second floors , but the third floor has the overpass link .
Extending from a new tower attached to E3 , the link joins the existing engineering buildings to E5 passing over Ring Road and the train tracks .
This link looks very expansive from the inside , with even more windows looking out over the road below .
Avoiding inclement weather using the link to get to E5 will be very welcome .
There are also two architectural gardens in the building , one on the second floor and another on the fourth .
The second floor garden is covered with low plants and mosses , maintained by plant ops .
This garden is above the anechoic and will therefore be inaccessible to public use due to vibration concerns .
The fourth floor garden , called the “ winter ” garden , will be publicly accessible ; it is located in the large open space visible from the west face of the building
After touring the upper floors , the first floor was our last stop , and likely the best stop on the tour .
Each team bay of the Student Design Centre garage is equipped with a panelled garage door of clear Plexiglas , opening onto a large central area with shop equipment including sinks , compressed gas , and plenty of work space .
Every engineering team is sure to be amazed by the amount of space available to each team , with each garage bay equipped similarly to the central work area .
Also located in the student teams garage are two separate bays for painting and sanding , both with all the necessary equipment and ventilation systems .
At the rear of the building is the new UWAFT garage , outfitted with all necessary equipment for using hydrogen fuel .
We were also able to tour the new student machine shop , as well as the attached spot welding room .
In every room in the building , the amount of space is the thing that catches you : large rooms , design studios , and production areas .
Nowhere else on campus is there a building where so much of the space is devoted to student teams , or general undergrad use such as the machine shop .
In many of the existing engineering buildings , there is always the feeling of cramming as much stuff into the space available .
Here the rooms are the size they need to be , and there are so many open areas where people can meet and exchange ideas .
In many areas of the building there are open alcoves between offices or seminar rooms , with large bright windows letting light into what could be a great impromptu meeting spot .
Overall , Engineering 5 is an amazing building , open , welcoming , and innovative .
The design and function are new and modern , without looking too flashy in a way that will become outdated in a few months .
As you walk around you can tell that this building is built for the students , both for curricular and extra-curricular goals .
It is meant to be the next source of innovation from the University of Waterloo , giving all of the engineering teams the tools and environment needed to excel .
Though people in specific faculties will see more use of E5 than others , this building will become a hub of activity for engineering design at Waterloo and will definitely be the catalyst of great innovations to come from the faculty .
The critic Leslie Fiedler was writing about comic books , not video games , when he tallied up the charges against “ vulgar art ” in 1955 .
The censors and middlebrows , Fiedler wrote , claimed that this kind of stuff  not just comics but pulp novels , too  was “ sadistic , fetishistic , brutal , full of terror ; that it pictures women with exaggeratedly full breasts and rumps , portrays death on the printed page , is often covertly homosexual , etc. , etc . ”
Fiedler reeled off this list , pacing the courtroom like Perry Mason , before turning to the jury and declaring : “ About these charges , there are two obvious things to say .
First , by and large , they are true .
Second , they are also true about much of the serious art of our time , especially that produced in America . ”
( Order in the court ! )
You ca n’t condemn “ Superman , ” he added as an example , “ and praise the existentialist - homosexual - sadist shockers of Paul Bowles . ”
Fiedler ’s defense of comic books was ringing , many - angled and way ahead of its time .
He saw something in comics that few other intellectuals did , not merely that they “ touch archetypal material ” and are the inheritors of “ the inner impulses of traditional folk art , ” but that they are weird , funny and engrossing .
He was moved by them in much the same inchoate way that Tom Bissell , in his new book , “ Extra Lives , ” is moved by another lurid and often frowned - upon art form : video games .
Mr. Bissell is a young journalist and fiction writer , best known for “ The Father of All Things ” ( 2007 ) , a book about returning to Vietnam with his father , a Vietnam War veteran .
He ’s serious and gifted , with an agreeably open , floppy - haired prose style .
His new book bored me , though : viscerally , crushingly .
Reading it was like sitting on a hot tractor , mowing a big weedy field of Ambien .
By Jon Kelly
BBC News Magazine
Instant messaging was once tipped to replace e-mail , but recent figures suggest that it has lost ground sharply .
Why ?
OMG .
Instant messaging ( IM ) , once the mainstay of teenage gossips , techie know - it - alls and office time - wasters everywhere , looks as though it is in trouble .
Just a few years ago , it was meant to be the future .
More immediate than e-mail , less fiddly than texting , sending an IM was widely expected by many technology pundits to become our preferred mode of online communication , whether socially or in the office - or socially in the office , for that matter .
WHAT IS INSTANT MESSAGING ?
Lets users send notes back and forth in real time while online Displays which friends and contacts are online Most popular providers include AOL Instant Messenger ( AIM ) , Yahoo !
Messenger , Google Talk , Windows Live Messenger ( formerly MSN Messenger )
But how times change .
In 2007 , 14 % of Britons ' online time was spent on IM , according to the UK Online Measurement company - but that has fallen to just 5 % , the firm says , basing its findings on the habits of a panel of 40,000 computer users .
The study was released shortly after AOL sold its ICQ instant messaging service $ 187.5 m ( £ 124 m ) - less than half what the company paid for it in 1998 .
And in September 2009 , a survey of internet use by the New York - based Online Publishers Association found that the amount of time spent by surfers on traditional communications tools , including IM and e-mail , had declined by 8 % since 2003 .
It is a far cry from the early days of the decade when this very website anticipated that IM would overtake e-mail by 2004 [ see internet links ] .
Cast your mind back to the early noughties - a time when dial - up was still widespread and the Apple G3s looked futuristic - and it becomes easier to recall why IM looked like it was about to conquer the world .
It was , after all , instant .
It let users see if their friends and contacts were online and , if so , communicate with them in real time .
Tech - savvy office staff could chase up a query and expect an answer straight away , without having to pick up the phone .
Teenagers in their bedrooms could exchange schoolyard tittle - tattle without the encumbrance of having to press " refresh " on the browser screen to their web - based e-mail account .
It also offered workers a handy means of circumventing their employers ' e-mail usage policies .
Chat 's all folks Chris Green , a technology journalist turned industry analyst , recalls the heady days of IM 's ascendency .
" That was the way it was going , " he remembers .
" E-mail had peaked .
And IM offered additional value over e-mail . "
There were niggles , however .
Initially , IM systems were " proprietary " and non-compatible , so those using Microsoft 's MSN Messenger were unable to reach friends on Aim , ICQ , or Yahoo !
Messenger .
The firms would subsequently allow cross-pollination of their systems , but , says Mr Green , the delay in " finding something that was ubiquitous across all platforms " - in the same way that sending an e-mail from a Yahoo ! to a Hotmail account was seamless - cost the format dearly .
Google Talk was supposed to revive IM .
It did n't Into the vacuum stepped social networking sites .
Paul Armstrong , director of social media with the PR agency Kindred , believes that the rise of the likes of Facebook and Twitter - which allow users to do much more than just send messages - simply had more to offer .
" With instant messaging you have to stay at your computer , " he says .
" With social networking , you can use your phone 's web browser or SMS .
" Rather than shifting away from instant messaging , people are using the functions of instant messaging on different platforms . "
Even though Facebook 's own instant messaging system - not covered in the UK Online Measurement habits - was widely - regarded as inferior to those provided by the established IM networks , users were tied into a one - stop shop for sharing thoughts , photos , and being re-introduced to long - forgotten former colleagues and classmates .
Return to sender
The effect on IM , says Chris Green , has been catastrophic .
Windows Live Messenger - formerly MSN Messenger - was no longer " bundled " with Vista and Windows 7 , becoming instead an optional extra , he says .
Google may be bullish about Google Talk , the search engine 's attempt to blend IM with e-mail , insisting that millions of its users " love the convenience and simplicity " of the service .
But Mr Green says its modest success represents a " flop " when put alongside the company 's dominance elsewhere on the web .
We 've gone from instant messaging to something that 's more like conference calls
LJ Rich
Technology journalist " People have moved on , " he says .
" The novelty value has worn off .
If you look at teenagers today , they are using Twitter on their mobiles . "
But has IM died out altogether ?
The figures would suggest that although its market share has fallen , its raw numbers have not .
California - based IT research firm The Radicati Group estimates that there are 2.4 billion IM accounts worldwide , rising to 3.5 billion by 2014 .
Plenty of browsers , it seems , still value the speed and simplicity of IM .
Technology journalist and BBC Click presenter LJ Rich notes that , in many countries where internet use is censored , Blackberry Messenger is used to bypass state - sponsored snoops .
And she believes that the principles of IM survive - it is just that sites such as Facebook and Twitter let us talk to a wider audience via a wider range of platforms , including mobiles .
" With social networks , we 've gone from instant messaging to something that 's more like conference calls , " she says .
Maybe IM will have the last laugh after all .
Or , rather , the last LOL .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I have been seeing this trend over the couple of years ; with the growth of social networking ( especially Facebook ) , people want to show off to all their hundreds of friends rather than have conversations with just one or a few people at a time .
I still see IM as much easier , more reliable and faster but most people I know do n't even log into IM anymore .
Dan Cottam , London , UK Twitter is a novelty , a prime example of one .
IM is n't a novelty , it 's a basic tool of communication .
It is n't going anywhere .
Steve Turner , Marlborough
As someone who happens to be deaf , I find IM a real boon to communication with my parents - it really does mean that it keeps me in touch !
Sam , Wootton Bassett , Wiltshire
One thing i thought would feature in this article that was n't even mentioned is the intrusive nature of IM .
As soon as you log on you can be inundated with various conversations which ruins any other kind of web activity you are trying to get on with .
Dan Wells , Northampton Among teens and 20 - somethings in the US , texting has taken the place of IM .
These users are not necessarily in front of a computer all day , but cell phones are always on the table or in the pocket ready to respond to the vibration of a new text message .
Shawn , Philadelphia , USA
As I read this I was expecting the punch - line to be that Zoipfone and Skype had all but replaced IM as video calling was real - time voice and video over the internet .
Certainly Skype is a simple download , web cam and headset to speak to people in real time from your PC or laptop .
Zoip can be a bit temperamental but does offer some enhanced features , some of which are not free .
Once again there is an IM facility built in to both for when your intended other party has left their PC .
Kwik Kawarider , Dumfries I find social networks a pointless soul - sapping waste of time and still use IM to keep in touch with friends and family as it's simple and ( as the name suggests ) , instant .
KH , Leicester
There 's something that 's been left out of this analysis , and that 's that corporate decisions to block IM in the workplace has effectively killed this method of communication .
A shame , seeing as more progressive employers harness it to encourage global teamworking with incredible effect .
Cath , Guildford , Surrey Facebook has an IM program built into it 's webpage .
That is the single reason IM has died , nothing else .
Back in the days when Myspace was the dominant social network , people still used MSN and Yahoo .
Adam Smith , Liverpool Email , social networking and IM all have their place .
They do n't compete with each other , they complement each other .
Mike Cardwell , Nottingham , United Kingdom
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On May 16 , 2010 , an emergency rally in solidarity with the democracy movement in Thailand was held outside the Sydney Town Hall .
More photos below .
By Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy
May 16 , 2010 -- Since March 14 , Bangkok has been the scene of mass pro-democracy protests .
The protesters known as “ Red Shirts ” have demanded the resignation of unelected Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva and new elections .
Abhisit came to power in December through the overthrow of a democratically elected government by right - wing “ Yellow Shirt ” gangs , assisted by the military and elements of the royal family .
On May 13 , the military began a violent assault , with snipers opening fire on unarmed protesters in Bangkok and killing dozens of people and injured hundreds of others .
By May 15 , it was reported more than 50 people had been killed .
The centre of Bangkok was declared a “ live fire ” zone , with soldiers instructed to shoot to kill on sight .
Abhisit aims to cling to power by brutally repressing the mass movement demanding fresh elections .
* * *
We , the Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy , are writing on behalf of Thai people who are victims of the violation of human rights by the present Thai government and the Thai military .
The events in Thailand represent the latest and most severe developments in a wave of violence that has built - up over the past few months .
The Thai military - backed government declared a state of emergency amid escalating pro-democracy protests , and killed at least 25 innocent civilians ( Red Shirt protesters ) on April 10 .
This was followed by the attacks by the military on April 28 , and the murder of unarmed people again on May 13 - 15 .
We , Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy reiterate that since late March the Red Shirts have held peaceful and disciplined protests in Bangkok .
They have not destroyed anything or held weapons of any kind .
Their demands are for the dissolution of parliament .
Any weapons the Red Shirts have taken off the soldiers have never been used and have been safely stored .
The protesters ’ demand is clear and simple .
They only demand the dissolution of parliament to allow all political parties to seek fresh mandate from the people in the general election .
The demand is noble , democratic and is consistent with the democratic values and standards of civilised countries .
The government and military used armed soldiers and violence to disperse a peaceful and constitutional assembly .
The use of war weapons to disperse a peaceful demonstration guaranteed by the constitution is clearly illegal , unconstitutional and undemocratic .
It constitutes a blatant violation of human rights defined by the UN Universal Declaration on Human Rights .
In fulfilling our obligation of human conscience , we feel the crucial need to publicly express our deepest remorse and concern for this tragedy , which has led to the deaths of at least 27 unarmed Red Shirt protesters so far , almost all of them meeting their horrific death while under the custody of the Thai armed forces .
The government declared the state of emergency under the executive decree that empowers law enforcement officers and the military to disperse peaceful assemblies .
Not only was the way the state of emergency was declared illegal , but also the way in which the power under the law has been exercised .
They have been using and interfering with stateowned media and allow private satellite TV allied and sympathetic towards them to broadcast and bombard the public with one - sided and false information .
It is regrettable that at such a sensitive time in Thailand , the Thai government and military have once again decided to resort to violence to crackdown on Red Shirt protesters .
Experience has shown that the government and military will try to crush the unarmed Red Shirt protesters by using military weapons to disperse the peaceful demonstration again .
We call upon the Thai government to do its utmost to calm the situation and to create a climate conducive to the advancement of peace negotiations .
Specifically , we call upon
Thai government to act responsibly , and to put an immediate halt to all forms of violence against the Red Shirt protesters .
In this letter , we humbly ask for your cooperation and action to resolve the violation of human rights and press freedom prevailing in Thailand at the moment .
We beg for your support in taking up the case of the regrettable situation in Thailand .
We trust that you and your organisation would kindly consider our letter and help the Thai people to achieve their demand and halt to all forms of violence .
That Tuesday .
The third worst day of my life .
I have been accused of exaggeration before but the saddest component of this post is that it contains none .
While a flag waving non believer in nonsense such as karma , if it does exist it can go fnck itself because what I now refer to as " That Tuesday " was completely uncalled for .
I am not going to go into what the first and second worst days of my life were as they happened many years ago and involved girls .
9.25 AM
Woke up .
As a meeting had been planned for 9 am with an angry client expecting a completed logo design three days ago , I realised the tune playing on my phone was not the alarm but the fourth call from my boss .
Although fully intending to do the logo , I had somehow instead spent the previous three nights on a knitting forum , under the guise of Edna , a 74 year old woman with fourteen grandchildren , making friends and exchanging tips before declaring that I could " hear someone breaking in downstairs " then logging off forever , giving them something more interesting to discuss than fractional stitches and menopause .
Not caring as much as I probably should , due to working in an industry devoid of conscience with a group of people that make retarded monkeys look like fusion reactor technicians , I collated a list of vaguely believable excuses in my head as I made a coffee , lit a cigarette and turned on the shower .
Because of the age of the building , it usually takes around five minutes for the water to heat and I spent this time staring at the shower curtain , featuring the periodic table , wondering why I had never heard of Seaborgium ( 106 ) .
Entering the shower , soaking and lathering my hair with shampoo , my phone rang for the fifth time .
As I reached out of the cubicle to answer it , I slipped , fell , and slammed my face , mouth first , into the sink , knocking out two teeth and cracking another .
Through the pain , which was exactly like having your teeth knocked out with a porcelain sink , I realised I now had an excellent excuse for not going to work ; stemming the blood with a Mr Men t- shirt shoved into my mouth while searching for a dentist online , I texted it to the secretary .
10.15 AM Confirming an emergency dentist appointment for 11.00 am , I discovered the clothes I had laid out , along with half the apartment , were spattered with blood and my only other options were wet in the washing machine from the night before .
Figuring I would turn the car heater on high during the drive , I pulled on wet trousers and shirt , grabbed my phone and locked the door behind me before realising my keys were inside .
Kicking in a door is not as simple as action movies make it out to be and my first attempt resulted in what felt like a sprained ankle .
Hobbling to a side window , almost blind with pain and frustration , I picked up a potted Aloe Vera plant and threw it through the glass .
Climbing into the apartment , now covered in blood and soil , I collected my keys and left .
10.45 AM
After driving several blocks , I realised the dentist 's address and phone number , written on my refrigerator door with a whiteboard marker , should have been reproduced onto a more transportable media .
Turning back , I arrived at the apartment to find two police officers at the premises responding to a report from a concerned neighbour about a possible break - in .
Having established my identity and explained the smashed window , sprained ankle , wet clothing , missing teeth and the blood and soil throughout the apartment , one of the officers stated " You should probably go see a dentist . "
I am not sure if it was my response to this statement or if they were just sticklers for the rules , but it was at this point I was issued a $ 235.00 fine for the four inch potted marijuana seedling on my window sill , despite pretending that I thought it was basil .
As they left , one of them told me to " Have a nice day . "
11.35 AM
Taking a photo with my phone of the refrigerator door , I left the apartment .
Half way there , while on the phone to the dentist surgery letting them know I was on my way , I heard a siren and looked in the rearview mirror to see a police vehicle with lights flashing .
Pulling over and explaining why I was wet , limping and had a Mr Men t- shirt covered in blood held up to my face , I was issued a $ 218.00 fine for using a mobile phone while driving .
The officer also pointed out that my vehicle was unregistered and had been so for fifteen days .
Charged with such , I was informed that the vehicle would have to stay parked on the side of the road until I had paid the registration fees .
As the vehicle registration office was only eight blocks from where my car was parked , I decided that walking there , despite my sprained ankle and gathering dark clouds , would be quicker than waiting for a taxi .
12.45 PM
Arriving at the vehicle registration office almost an hour later , forced to rest several times , I joined a queue of approximately fifty people pretending not to notice the wet , limping , bleeding person with missing teeth .
Calling the dentist to change my appointment to 2.30 pm , I caught a reflected glimpse of myself in a window .
Due to the pain and loss of blood , my face was completely white , while the exertion of walking to the registration office had caused my mouth to bleed openly .
I looked like a vampire .
Not like the good looking one from Twilight though , a limping , pissed off one .
I realised I also still had shampoo in my hair .
After what seemed like an hour of waiting in line , and was , I reached the counter and explained my situation to a lady so large her name tag was enveloped by a fold .
Several minutes of one finger typing later , possibly due to only one finger at a time fitting on the keyboard , she informed me that due to unpaid parking fines , I would not be able to register the vehicle until I had been to the courthouse and settled the $ 472.80 outstanding amount .
Leaving the motor registration office , I had to duck and run from a bee .
2.20 PM
While sitting in the taxi on the way to the courthouse , the bee , which I was sure I had eluded but must have been on my shirt , stung me on the inside of my left arm .
Arriving , I entered the building and joined the queue of approximately seventy other people there to pay fines .
Surprisingly , I was not the only person there with missing teeth and blood on my face and he gave me a knowing nod in what I assume was understanding or camaraderie .
I felt like saying " No , you have no fucking idea " but simply nodded back as he looked like the kind of person who might have a knife .
Underestimating the waiting time , I called the dentist and changed the appointment to 4 pm .
After an hour of watching the area on my left arm where I had been stung grow to the size of a grapefruit and listening to the person in front of me yell at his girlfriend over the phone for kissing someone named Trevor , I reached the counter , paid the fines and rang for a taxi to take me back to the motor registration office .
While I was waiting , an elderly man wearing a Salvation Army uniform asked me if I was alright and needed a place to stay which I suppose was nice but I was not in the mood for his crap at that moment and informed him of such .
Impatient after thirty minutes and no sign of the taxi , a bus pulled up and I made a split decision to catch it .
As I boarded the packed vehicle , I overheard a man tell his offspring not to stare .
Explaining to the driver that not having caught a bus in thirty years meant I could not be expected to know about the exact fare rule or their inability to accept Visa , I paid ten dollars for the ride with no change .
Pulling away from the curb and turning down a street in the opposite direction of where I was headed , I jumped off at the next stop .
Forgetting my sprained ankle , I landed awkwardly and fell .
Having seen television shows where they tell you to turn a fall into a roll , the procedure was cut short by the bus stop pole .
As I was pulling myself to my feet , the bus driver stepped off the bus and gave me back the ten dollars as the other passengers watched out the windows .
Waiting for another taxi , it began to rain causing the shampoo to run into my eyes .
Swearing to never buy Schwarzkopf's ' liquid pepper spray ' products again , I used the blood soaked Mr Men t- shirt to wipe the body of foam from my eyes and forehead .
4.25 PM Arriving back at the motor registration office , now with my left arm looking like Popeye 's and the top section of my face painted red , I stood patiently in line for another thirty minutes , ignoring the stares and whispers , and playing ' delete everyone I hate this week ' on my phone .
After reaching the counter , paying the vehicle registration and attempting to call a taxi but finding my phone battery now flat from its previous lengthy exercise , I walked the eight blocks in the rain back to my vehicle to find a parking ticket for the amount of $ 72 attached to the window and a missing side mirror where someone driving past had hit it .
6.45 PM
Finding the dentist surgery an hour and forty five minutes past closing time , I was informed that they would still see me but an after hours emergency charge of $ 165 would be additional .
As the dental surgeon was seeing another patient at a different clinic , I sat reading copies of People magazine from 2003 for two and a half hours before he arrived .
Apparently Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore are dating .
Called in by the dentist , I asked for titanium alloy replacement teeth to enable me to chew through a porcelain sink in revenge but neither of us thought it was very funny .
Somehow during the surgery , possibly due to walking more kilometres that day than I had in the last ten years , I fell asleep while staring at a poster featuring a tube of Colgate toothpaste wearing an army uniform shooting plaque with a machine gun .
I awoke , as the dentist was finishing , with lips the size of armchair cushions , a black and purple bruise from my chin to my right eye and my teeth intact .
As the process took over three hours and involved an excessive amount of large needles , stainless steel pins and drilling , the invoice , including the emergency after hours charge , came to $ 2,460.18 with another $ 58 prescription for pain killers and antibiotics .
1.15 AM I arrived home to find the apartment floor covered with a centimetre deep mixture of blood soil and water , due to the rain coming through the smashed window , and my laptop , half my DVDs and the television missing .
Wading through the apartment to my bedroom , I climbed onto the bed , plugged my phone in , and fell asleep listening to messages from my boss asking when he could expect to see the completed client logo and the fat lady at the motor registration office letting me know I had left my driver 's license there .
Tynt , the Copy / Paste Jerks
Over the last few months I ’ve noticed an annoying trend on various web sites , generally major newspaper and magazine sites , but also certain weblogs .
What happens is that when you select text from these web pages , the site uses JavaScript to report what you ’ve copied to an analytics server and append an attribution URL to the text .
So , for example , if I were using this “ service ” here on Daring Fireball , and you selected the first sentence of this article , copied it , then switched to another app to paste the text you just copied , instead of pasting just the sentence you selected and intended to copy , you ’d instead get :
Over the last few months I ’ve noticed an annoying trend on various web sites , generally major newspaper and magazine sites , but also certain weblogs .
Read more : http://daringfireball.net/2010/05/tynt_copy_paste_jerks/#ixzz0oyLiD4Qh
I.e. , three blank lines followed by “ Read more : ” , then the URL from which the text was copied , then an identifying hash code used for tracking purposes .
Among the sites where I ’ve seen this in use are TechCrunch ( example ) and The New Yorker ( example ) .
The JavaScript tomfoolery happens with most text copied from the site — whether you ’re copying the entire article , a paragraph , or a sentence .
For fragments of a sentence , the behavior changes between different sites .
On the New Yorker web site , copying up to seven words from an article works normally — no attribution URL is appended .
Copy eight or more words , however , and you get the attribution appendage .
On TechCrunch , the attribution appendage again only kicks in for selections of eight or more words .
However , on TechCrunch , if the selection consists of only one to three words , when you invoke the Copy command ( either by keyboard shortcut or the menu item ) , you get a popover with search results for the selected text that appears over the contents of the article itself .
Madness .
All of this nonsense — the attribution appended to copied text , the inline search results popovers — is from a company named Tynt , which bills itself as “ The copy / paste company ” .
It ’s a bunch of user - hostile SEO bullshit .
Everyone knows how copy and paste works .
You select text .
You copy .
When you paste , what you get is exactly what you selected .
The core product of the “ copy / paste company ” is a service that breaks copy and paste .
The pitch from Tynt to publishers is that their clipboard jiggery - pokery allows publishers to track where text copied from their website is being used , on the assumption that whoever is pasting the text is leaving the Tynt - inserted attribution URL , with its gibberish - looking tracking ID .
This is , I believe , a dubious assumption .
Who , when they paste such text and find this “ Read more : ” attribution line appended , does n’t just delete it ( and wonder how it got there ) ?
It certainly is n’t being appended to help the person copying and pasting the text .
The person copying the text knows where it comes from .
If you look at Tynt ’s list of client sites , most of them are newspapers and print publishers .
It ’s no surprise that some of these publications would agree to such a terrible idea — they have no respect for their websites or for their readers .
It is surprising , to me at least , that a magazine of the caliber of The New Yorker would agree to it , and it ’s even more surprising that a weblog like TechCrunch would go for it .
Now , the nature of my work writing Daring Fireball involves copying and pasting many snippets of text from web sites every day .
So this Tynt stuff probably annoys me more ( or at least more frequently ) than most people .
But TechCrunch is itself a weblog that quotes passages from other websites frequently .
They ’ve instituted a feature that they themselves surely find annoying .
I presume Tynt has plans to eventually insert ads into copied text , but as far as I ’ve seen , they are n’t doing so yet .
I have no idea what TechCrunch or The New Yorker think they ’re getting out of this service .
They ’re burning some measure of goodwill from their readers in exchange for URL tracking analytics from Tynt identifiers that most people , I bet , delete as soon as they see them after pasting .
And even if it does work well — if , in fact , a significant number of people leave the tracking URLs from Tynt in place after they paste — the idea of websites tracking what users copy from their pages is creepy .
Whatever their justification for using
Tynt is , I ’ll bet it involves repeated use of the phrase “ biz dev ” .
All they ’re really doing is annoying their readers .
Their websites are theirs , but our clipboards are ours .
Tynt is intrusive , obnoxious , and disrespectful .
I ca n’t believe some websites need to be told this .
How to Block Tynt on a PC or Mac
If you use Chrome , you can install this Tynt - blocking extension , which does just what it says on the tin .
However , you wind up getting a dialog box each time you encounter a different site using Tynt .
( Although only once for each site . )
[ Update , 13 July 2010 : Drew Thaler ’s JavaScript Blacklist extension for Safari 5 works perfectly : just install it and Tynt ’s junk just stops working .
The /etc / hosts file editing described below is no longer necessary if you install JavaScript Blacklist . ]
What I ’ve chosen to do is edit my /etc / hosts file to block access system - wide to the tcr.tynt.com server .
This is the server from which the Tynt JavaScript code is served to all its “ partners ” .
Making changes to the hosts file requires administrator privileges , for obvious reasons .
If you ’re not completely comfortable making changes to an essential Unix configuration file , do n’t .
This Lifehacker article by Gina Trapani has a good overview of where to find and how to edit your hosts file on Mac OS X or Windows .
( BBEdit and its free sibling TextWrangler are my preferred tools for text editing , and both allow you to save files with admin privileges . )
Here ’s the line I added to the end of my hosts file :
127.0.0.1 tcr.tynt.com
After saving the hosts file , Tynt ’s clipboard - altering nonsense is disabled on all Tynt - using websites I ’ve encountered , no matter which browser I use .
Announced at GDC in 2009 , OnLive takes the concept of cloud computing to the next level in providing high - end video games running at HD resolution streamed in realtime over the internet playable on any device capable of running the OnLive client connected to an internet connection with a downstream of at least 5 megabit .
Following its announcement , speculation ran wild regarding whether or not this sort of remote technology could even possibly exist and provide the same lag - free experience as a home console .
OnLive had an impressive presence at E3 this year , with playable clients running on the OnLive set - top box , Macs , PC’s , and we even got a peek at the games running on the iPad .
On a computer or the actual OnLive device , the experience was flawless .
According to the people I spoke with at the event , everything we were seeing was being rendered and streamed live from their datacenter hundreds of miles away to the E3 show floor .
I ’m still skeptical , as the technology as it was presented to me today just seems too good to be true .
If a simple set - top box or a client running on a low - end computer can in fact easily stream high - end HD video games for a low monthly fee it really does have the potential to change the face of gaming forever .
If this is the first you ’ve heard of OnLive , stop by the Wikipedia article and read about it .
They cover all the origins of the service , the skepticism , as well as the sheer clout of the executive team behind the company .
You can also see the featured OnLive games on the OnLive web site .
Today I got a peek at the iPad client for OnLive , something they stressed over and over was not representative of any final product , but rather just exists to serve as an example of how ubiquitous the OnLive service truly is .
When a new platform comes along , all they have to do is write a client for it and you will be able to play all of your games live and in the cloud just like you presumably already have been on your TV or computer easily and seamlessly over the internet .
Because of its raw tech demo state , the controls are less than ideal .
The client uses a weird virtual joystick button layout that I do n’t really think would be very useful for anything outside of just demonstrating what is possible .
The following video walks through the OnLive iPad client , and shows Borderlands running , an XBOX and PC game .
Also , after that , we load up Dragon Age : Origins , which did n’t work because it did n’t have gamepad controls , and finally we spectated on some games in session by other OnLive members .
If you watch to the end , you can see a side by side of someone playing a game on the OnLive unit hooked up to an HDTV , that same game is then instantly streamed to both that TV as well as the iPad .
The video stream is identical .
It really is amazing to see .
As explained in the video , they ’re not sure when or if the iPad client will even ever be available , but needless to say , we ’ve got our fingers crossed .
Cemeteries are known for telling the stories of the people buried there .
But the symbols on headstones and monuments can tell a different story : how our view of death has changed over time .
“ Historic cemeteries really function as outdoor museums , ” says Steve Estroff , education manager at Green - Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn , New York .
A skull with wings , an urn or a tree were popular on headstones in America during the 17th and 18th centuries .
The Puritans “ looked upon death as something that caused anxiety because they believed in the idea of predestination – that God has already chosen ahead of time who is going to be saved and who is going to be damned , ” says Joy Giguere , chair of membership and development of the Association of Gravestone Studies .
“ When you look at the older monuments and symbols you do get a greater sense of community , ” Giguere said .
“ Individuals are part of a whole earlier in America .
In a given cemetery , most of the people buried there adhere to same belief powers , same social hierarchical structure . "
But attitudes toward religion and death softened in the mid-19th century – and gravestones began to reflect that change .
Sentimental symbols of death – doves , crosses , angels , flowers and hands , to name a few – started to appear .
In the early 20th century , a transition from large monuments to relatively small headstones uniform in style began to appear .
World War I “ was a very traumatic experience for Americans , and it made Americans start to rethink the whole idea of our attitude toward death and this is the point we start to see cemeteries be unified , ” Giguere said .
Today , how people remember the death of loved ones can be as individualized as the person .
Laser - etched photographs of the person or their pet can be placed on headstones .
Images of activities the person enjoyed – like tennis , reading or NASCAR – are displayed on markers .
Some families chose to plant a bush or tree instead .
Outside of cemeteries , drivers place “ In Loving Memory Of ” bumper stickers on their cars .
And others will opt for a tattoo to honor someone .
“ I think we live in a society ( today ) where we focus on the individual , " Giguere said .
" Our desires , our individuality is what defines us , and that individuality gets transferred onto the gravestones of the dead . ”
( CNN ) -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has canceled this week 's scheduled meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama , Israeli government officials said Monday .
The two leaders were slated to meet Tuesday during a visit by Netanyahu to Washington .
Netanyahu also decided to cut short a visit to Canada and return to Israel , according to an e-mail statement from his media adviser .
Netanyahu 's cancellation of the meeting came in the wake of international condemnation of Israel after Israeli soldiers stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid intended for Palestinians in Gaza , leaving at least nine people dead in the resulting violence .
Israel claimed it was defending itself , with the Israel Defense Forces saying the soldiers ' lives were in danger after they were attacked with " severe physical violence , including live fire , weapons , knives and clubs . "
Several nations , however , have condemned the military action and called for an investigation .
Q&A on Israel 's Gaza blockade
Obama spoke on the phone with Netanyahu Monday morning , according to a statement from the White House press office .
He " said he understood the prime minister 's decision to return immediately to Israel to deal with today 's events ... ( and ) agreed to reschedule their meeting at the first opportunity . "
Obama " expressed deep regret at the loss of life in today 's incident , and concern for the wounded , " the statement noted .
He " also expressed the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances around this morning 's tragic events as soon as possible . "
Netanyahu and Obama were set to discuss , among other things , the recently completed U.N. conference on the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , according to an earlier statement from the Israeli government .
The final document released by participants in the month - long conference , which ended Friday , called for a 2012 conference of all Middle Eastern states to move forward on a 1995 proposal for a nuclear - free Mideast .
The document also called on Israel to sign the treaty and place " all its nuclear facilities under comprehensive IAEA [ International Atomic Energy Agency ] safeguards . "
Israel is not a member of the NPT and has neither confirmed nor denied that it has a nuclear weapons stockpile .
The Israeli government said in a statement the conference 's document is " deeply flawed and hypocritical " and said it " ignores the realities of the Middle East and the real threats facing the region and the entire world . "
The statement also complained that Israel is singled out in the document and Iran , which is a signatory to the NPT , is not mentioned .
The United States signed onto the document , but Obama National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones said the U.S. government has " serious reservations . "
Image caption Swarming locusts ( right ) look very different to the solitary insects
Swarming locusts not only look different and act differently to solitary locusts , they also have much larger brains .
This is according to scientists at the University of Cambridge who captured images of the results of dramatic changes inside the insects ' heads .
The team described how the same locust could switch between a " solitary " and " gregarious " ( swarming ) phase .
They described their findings in Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
" Normally locusts would avoid close contact with each other , " explained Dr Swidbert Ott of the UK's University of Cambridge .
" It 's only when they are forced to be in close contact that they change dramatically . "
This is a survival mechanism .
It occurs when the insects run out of food and are forced together onto any remaining patches of vegetation .
[ In a swarm ] the insects even turn to cannibalism - if you 're not quick enough you turn into lunch Dr Swidbert Ott , University of Cambridge
" So they have to travel in this massive swarm to find the new patches , " said Dr Ott .
Working with colonies of gregarious locusts , Dr Ott and his Cambridge colleague Dr Stephen Rogers , converted some of them into the solitary phase by keeping them in isolation for three generations .
" Solitarious locusts are a real pain to keep , " he revealed .
" You can't keep them together or they will change , so every one is kept like a race horse in its little stable - we have about 100 individual boxes with all the supplies they need . "
At the end of this three - generation breeding programme , the scientists imaged and measured the insects ' brains .
They discovered that the brains of gregarious locusts were 30 % larger .
" You find that brain regions specifically to do with things like learning and memory are massively enlarged in the gregarious ones , " explained Dr Ott .
He said that this difference , although surprising , did make evolutionary sense .
Image caption Coloured images show the differences in size of various brain areas
" Inside the swarm , they 're swamped with information .
" The higher bits of the brain that deal with complexity allow them to make sense of the mayhem going on around them . "
Dr Ott and his team had previously shown that a signalling chemical in the brain , called serotonin , was crucial in this sudden change in the insects ' behaviour - causing a solitary creature to become part of this frenzied swarm .
When this sudden behavioural change happens , the locusts also ( much more gradually ) change in colour and even body shape .
" People used to think that the two phases were actually two different species , " said Dr Ott .
He concluded : " Being inside these swarms is really a messy business - it 's driven by hunger and the need to figure out where to find new food .
" These insects even turn to cannibalism - if you 're not quick enough you turn into lunch , so the [ big ] brain gives them the edge in a cut throat situation . "
Firefox Product Director Mike Beltzner gave a presentation yesterday about Mozilla 's vision for Firefox 4 , the next major revision of the open - source browser .
The three pillars of the big plan are standards support , full user control , and " super - duper fast " speeds .
Advertisement
As Beltzner writes , it 's usually not the case that plans for a major software release are put out in the open this early in the process , but Mozilla 's open - source nature and development model are a bit different .
You can watch Beltzner 's presentation and discussion on the plans here , if you 're using a browser that can play HTML5 videos in Ogg format ( Firefox , Chrome , and Opera , mostly ) .
Otherwise , you can peek at the slides explaining how Firefox aims to be fast , customizable , and adaptive — and why parts of Firefox 3.7 turned into the 3.6 branch , and the rest was saved for 4.0 :
Click to view
We 've all had a peek at some of the new components in 4.0 , including built - in contacts , no -restart - needed Jetpack extensions , and the new look .
Beltzner 's slides ( viewed in full ) offer more detail on what 's coming , what it all looks like , and why it 's important .
Advertisement
What do you think of Mozilla 's plans and goals for Firefox 4 ?
Give us your take in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Firefox 4 : fast , powerful , and empowering [ beltzner ]
On the fifth day of World Cup , South Africa gave to me : Maicon proves Jonathon Wilson ’s prediction to be true
On the 56th minute of yesterday ’s evening match , I expect Jonathon Wilson was sitting there feeling very happy with himself .
In March last year , Wilson predicted that the full - back position may be the most important position on the pitch .
His rationale is logical and observable , full - backs are the players who have the most space in - front of them to run forward .
Of course , this is a two - way street and the space full - backs have can be closed down to render them ineffective which is an advantage of playing a formation with wingers .
Yesterday ’s match was made for a full - back like Maicon .
Against a North Korean team playing a 5 - 3 - 2 system , he did not have any wingers to mark and there was no winger to stop him moving forward .
This allowed him at his adventurous best , with him sprinting one - hundred and forty times in the match , running solo into the attacking third twenty times and 47 % of all Brazil attacks taking place down his right side .
An interesting development in the second - half was the shift in North Korean ’s average position .
In the second half , Michel Bastos was passed to a lot more ( the player the ball was most passed to ) , shifting the North Korean ’s midfield and tight defence to the right .
This gave Maicon a lot more space to attack , where his runs were not picked up by the Korean defence .
Elano ’s inside - right position manufactures space for Maicon to get forward and always gave the North Korean midfield someone to pick - up , further allowing Maicon more space to get forward .
Where Maicon has space and no direct opponent , there is an opportunity for him to run from deep , where he can pick up pace and be harder to stop .
This makes the position of full - back such an important area on the pitch as they are often play the position that space is routinely available to them .
They can routinely make up - numbers and over - man areas , which when football is reduced down to its core principles , is the reason why formations exist .
To get all thoughtful now , football , like chess , is about using space and timing .
Systems exist to be able to break down your opponent defence whilst preventing the breakdown of yours .
It ’s simple , full - backs have the most space available to them , as well as having the ability from a deep position to time the breaking down of a defence .
It is when a defence is packed , like the North Korean ’s last night , that these simple rules really shine through .
An organised defence removes any extraneous reasons for a goal - scoring opportunity to appear , resulting in the need for a team to harness the importance of space and timing .
For Maicon ’s goal , it is a great illustration of the full - backs ability to subsume these fundamental principles .
With the ball over to Elano , the left - sided wing back will go out and close down to Elano .
There is space for Maicon , you cannot even see him on the screenshot at the time of the pass .
His timing of his run is vital for him to exploit the space and pick up enough speed to by - pass any covering defenders .
Right now , it is two against two and Maicon and Elano still has a lot to do to keep Maicon still running at that pace to allow him enough time to make a goal scoring opportunity behind the two players who have come to close the both of them down .
The pass is successful and was one of the first times during the game that the Brazilians went beyond the Korean defence .
With a quick shift of attack incorporated with the overloading of the right - side , Maicon have been able to get into the valuable space beyond a deep Korean defence .
Jonathon Wilson statement was verified last night , the position of full - back was the most dangerous and may make the biggest difference in a tight match .
They may not individually be the players who cause the most damage throughout ninety minutes , but when playing against a tight , packed defence , it is the player at full - back who have the vision to understand space ahead and are able to time runs to penetrate defences from deep .
I had the following conversation with a friend who wishes to remain anonymous ( it was n't Tyler ) .
A : Heh , how 's it going ?
Anon :
Oh , so , so .
I had a paper rejected today .
A : Ah , sorry , I get depressed when that happens .
Anon :
Well in my case it 's not all bad .
My wife and I have an understanding that whenever I have a paper rejected we have sex .
A : What !
That 's a terrible system for getting papers published .
What kind of economist are you ?!
Do n't you understand incentives !
Anon :
What kind of economist am I ?
What kind of economist are you ?!
You have failed to understand what I am maximizing !
[ / caption ]
New experiments that create a man-made aurora are helping researchers better understand how nitrogen in our atmosphere reacts when it is bombarded by the solar wind .
Scientists from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory fired electrons of differing energies through a cloud of nitrogen gas to measure the ultraviolet light emitted by this collision , and the findings show our previous understanding of the processes that create the aurorae – which can also adversely affect orbiting satellites– may have been in error .
For more than 25 years , our understanding of terrestrial space weather has been partly based on incorrect assumptions about how nitrogen — the most abundant gas in our atmosphere –reacts when it collides with electrons produced by energetic ultraviolet sunlight and solar wind .
The new research has found that well - trusted measurements published in a 1985 journal paper by researchers Ajello and Shemansky contain a significant experimental error , putting decades of space weather findings dependent on this work on unstable ground .
New technology has allowed the researchers to better create and control the collisions and avoid the analytical pitfalls that plagued the 1985 findings .
The new results from the team at JPL suggest that the intensity of a broad band of ultraviolet light emitted from the collision changes significantly less with bombarding electron energies than previously thought .
The researchers studied ultraviolet light within the so called ‘ Lyman - Birge - Hopfield ’ ( LBH ) band to better understand the physical and chemical processes occurring in our upper atmosphere and in near - Earth space .
“ Our measurement of LBH energy - dependence differs significantly from widely accepted results published 25 years ago , ” said Dr. Charles Patrick Malone from JPL .
“ Aeronomers can now turn the experiment around and apply it to atmospheric studies and determine what kind of collisions produce the observed light . ”
In addition to helping researchers to better understand space weather , which can help protecting the ever - growing population of satellites in Earth orbit , the new findings will also help further our understanding of phenomena like Aurora Borealis ( the Northern Lights ) and similarly the Aurora Australis ( Southern Lights ) , which are caused by collisional processes involving solar wind particles exciting terrestrial oxygen and nitrogen particles at the North and South Pole .
The researchers are hopeful that their findings will also assist the Cassini project understand happenings on Saturn ’s largest moon , Titan , as LBH emissions have been detected by the orbiting robotic spacecraft .
The research was published in IOP Publishing ’s Journal of Physics B : Atomic , Molecular and Optical Physics .
Most people consider moving one of life ’s necessary evils .
That ’s why moving companies stay in business .
Why pack , load , drive , unload , and unpack all your stuff when you can pay someone to do it ?
Whether you plan to do it yourself or hire it out , we ’ve got some tips to help you save on your move .
Before You Start Packing
Do n’t waste time or money moving stuff you do n’t need .
This goes for unused furniture , books , exercise equipment , kids ’ toys and even clothes .
Have a yard sale or donate your items .
You ’ll lighten your load and fill your wallet .
Keep track of your moving expenses , because if you ’re moving to take a new job , you may be able to deduct them from your income taxes .
Check out IRS Form 3903 for more information on eligible expenses .
Speaking of tax breaks , any donations you make are tax deductible as well , so be sure you get receipts from the organizations you give your unused items to .
Do -It - Yourself Moving
If you ’re on a tight budget , a do - it - yourself move is the most cost - effective option .
Round up a volunteer moving crew of friends and family , and you could save 60 – 75 % of what you ’d pay professional movers .
Find expert agents to help you buy your home .
Do yourself a favor and get the equipment you need to do the job right .
Rent a moving truck and dollies and make sure you have plenty of boxes , tape and bubble wrap .
And do n’t forget the refreshments for your moving crew !
The Paid - For Move
Saving money when you hire a moving company takes preparation .
Take a look at these tips for a cheaper move :
Timing – Summer is the most expensive time of year to hire a moving company , so try to time your move in the off - season .
You can also save by moving in the middle of the month .
– Summer is the most expensive time of year to hire a moving company , so try to time your move in the off - season .
You can also save by moving in the middle of the month .
Inventory – Make a detailed list of everything that will be moved to get an accurate quote from the moving company .
This is also useful for insurance purposes in case an item is damaged or lost .
– Make a detailed list of everything that will be moved to get an accurate quote from the moving company .
This is also useful for insurance purposes in case an item is damaged or lost .
Insurance – Check your homeowner ’s or renter ’s policy to see if you ’re covered during a move .
If you are , you wo n’t have to pay for extra insurance from the mover .
– Check your homeowner ’s or renter ’s policy to see if you ’re covered during a move .
If you are , you wo n’t have to pay for extra insurance from the mover .
Partial DIY – Everything you can do will help you save on your moving expenses .
For example , if family and friends can help pack and load the truck , and the movers only unload at your new home , you ’ll save a bundle .
– Everything you can do will help you save on your moving expenses .
For example , if family and friends can help pack and load the truck , and the movers only unload at your new home , you ’ll save a bundle .
Ask for a deal – Most movers will work with you to keep the price of their services within your budget .
If you ’re ready to make a move to a new home , get with one of Dave ’s real estate Endorsed Local Providers ( ELP ) .
An ELP is an expert in your real estate market and can help you find a great deal on a new home .
Get connected with your ELP today !
We just got a look at the new Kinect Dashboard - lite for the Xbox 360 .
In some ways , it 's pretty charming , with fun , jazzed up icons ( when you hover over them they tilt and show off depth ) , a simplistic layout , and some great voice controls .
The downside is this all comes at the cost of a brand new , fairly redundant interface for accessing functions that are already available with your Xbox 360 controller in the regular Dashboard .
Still , there 's no denying the joy of waving a hand to log in , hovering over icons to select channels ( though the wait - to - click mechanism strikes us as eventually frustrating ) , and scrubbing through media with very intuitive gestures .
The best part is the voice control , however , allowing you to speak " Xbox " and then a command like play , pause , back , forward , stop , Zune , etc .
It 's ripe for abuse ( pausing your S.O. 's seventh Netflix screening of The Constant Gardner ad nauseam ) , but Microsoft says it 's working on eliminating random commands that might seep into conversation .
Our biggest worry is that we 're going to see confusion and fragmentation of functionality with the divergent UI requirements that Kinect apps and regular Dashboard apps require -- we can't imagine the Facebook or Last . fm folks being super thrilled at creating an all - new app just to support Microsoft 's whims , but we 're told just such apps are in the works .
Is the existing Dashboard really so complicated that Kinect could n't control it ?
Check out a video of this puzzling Kinectasticness after the break .
It 's hard to know what to tell young children about the biggest news story of our time , the BP Gulf Oil Spill .
Four - year - olds are curious by nature , to say the least .
They 're such indiscriminate information sponges that it can be darned difficult keeping big news of the " real world " out of their intake zone , even if you try .
Heaven knows must of us are careful not to sit them down in front of the evening news and go off to make dinner .
But they still manage to catch wind of some of the more super - sized news stories of our day & age .
When that happens , it feels to this parent like the safest thing to do is offer some factual context , and some reassurance - enough information to create a basic understanding of what 's happening , without nightmare - inducing levels of detail .
Then let them question , comment , vent a little as needed , treating them like the little emerging citizens of the world that they are , complete with free speech rights ( within reason , that is ! ) .
That 's what I ended up doing with my four - year - old this past weekend .
She has been peripherally aware of the Gulf oil spill , especially living right near the coast in Florida .
But we 've shielded her from the more ugly aspects and images of the story , the way we do from any genuinely disturbing , scary input from this information overloaded world .
Early Saturday morning my daughter heard me talking on the phone about the Hands Across The Sand event , a fifteen - minute global happening where men , women and children would be gathering on coastal beaches worldwide , joining hands in peaceful opposition to the threat of continued offshore drilling .
When I got off the phone , Aliza was full of questions .
So I carefully filled her in on what offshore oil drilling was , how BP 's rig had exploded and sunk in the Gulf of Mexico , how oil had been gushing out ever since and how much trouble that was causing .
I reassured her that it would get fixed , but I could n't promise her it would never happen again .
That 's where activism came into play .
Aliza was disturbed and dismayed when she heard about the oil spill and what it was doing to waters , wildlife and coastlines .
She wanted to know if other kids knew about all this .
And she wanted to know what she could do about it .
As she often does because she knows Daddy is a filmmaker , she asked me to grab the always handy little " Flip Video " camera and " take a movie " , so she could " let the kids " know what was going on - and show them what they could do about it .
The thing of it is , once she felt like she had a better handle on this oil spill disaster story that been confusing her for a while , once she felt like she was able to have her say about it , and once she felt like she had done something to help prevent it from happening again ... she seemed to feel much , much better .
A Northwest Portland psychiatrist who the state has reprimanded for wrongly prescribing drugs says he plans to open a facility in the city and charge fees to help patients end their lives under Oregon 's Death with Dignity Act .
Stuart G. Weisberg has mailed invitations to local doctors and politicians inviting them to a July 21 " presentation " at the deluxe El Gaucho restaurant in downtown to unveil his new business , End of Life Consultants LLC .
Weisberg did not return calls Wednesday seeking more information on his venture , which apparently would be the first of its kind in the nation .
Weisberg filed incorporation papers with the state June 2 .
In the invitation to the July 21 dinner at El Gaucho , Weisberg said he has invited Jack Kervorkian , the Michigan pathologist who provided the drugs and the means for terminally ill people to kill themselves and served a prison sentence for his actions .
On the website for End of Life Consultants , Weisberg said he has obtained a Portland property that he calls " The Dignity House " where his patients under the Death With Dignity law can receive the medicine and die there .
The website promises an address and photos next month .
Officials at nonprofit organizations that work with patients under Oregon 's assisted - suicide law expressed surprise at the little information they could glean about Weisberg 's proposal .
The doctor has not spoken with anyone at the Death With Dignity National Center or Compassion & Choices of Oregon .
Last year , doctors helped 59 people to die in Oregon under the law .
" Never heard of him , " said George Eighmey , executive director of Compassion & Choices of Oregon , which assists more than 90 percent of Oregonians who die under the law .
Eighmey said the only place akin to what Weisberg proposes is Dignitas in Switzerland .
And Eighmey said he does not believe Weisberg 's services would be necessary anyway .
" Ninety - eight percent of the people who receive the medicine under the Death With Dignity Act take the medicine at home , " he said .
" It 's going to be highly unlikely that people are going to use his service .
And we do n't charge .
He charges $ 5,000 . "
The website lists a host of fees , including a mandatory $ 600 for the stay at Dignity House and a mandatory $ 600 for " End of Life Camera , " which will record the patient 's last hours .
Optional fees include $ 400 for End of Life Catering , $ 400 for End of Life Security – a consultation with a " certified security agent " – $ 400 for linens and flowers from Weisberg 's home garden and $ 400 for End of Life Music , which promises two 100 - minute sets of piano music that " will be magical . "
Weisberg , 37 , is a solo practitioner with an office in Northwest Portland .
In 2006 , the Oregon Medical Board disciplined him for improperly prescribing psychoactive drugs to seven patients who were recovering drug addicts or dealing with chronic pain .
The board 's order said Weisberg , who earned his medical degree at the Medical College of Wisconsin in 2000 , was terminated from his four - year residency at OHSU several months before he was to finish .
No explanation was given .
On July 9 , 2009 , the board ended Weisberg 's probation a year early and put him instead under the wing of an unnamed " practice mentor , " another doctor who was to meet twice a month with Weisberg and file quarterly reports with the board .
-- Anne Saker
( CNN ) -- American Airlines has found cracks in large pylons that hold engines onto the wings of two of its 767-300 aircraft , according to the airline and to the planes ' manufacturer .
Concerned the problem may exist on other airline fleets , Boeing says it plans to advise airlines to inspect the parts more frequently than the current recommendation of every 1,500 takeoff and landing cycles .
" This is considered a safety issue .
You 're talking about the strut that connects an engine to the wing , " said Boeing spokesperson Peter Conte .
American Airlines spokesman Tim Wagner said the problem was first discovered on one of its 767-300s about two weeks ago during a maintenance check targeting other parts of the aircraft .
The airline then found cracking on one more 767-300 after inspecting a total of 56 aircraft -- 767-300 and 767-200s -- a process American Airlines completed Monday night .
" We found these issues when it 's best to find them , which is early on , " said Wagner .
The airline has sent the first damaged pylon to a metallurgy lab to try to determine why it cracked .
" Until that metallurgy testing is completed no one knows what the cause is , " said Wagner .
The damaged planes were among American 's older aircraft , Wagner added .
American flies Boeing 767-300s on international routes as well as long - haul domestic routes .
The 767-200s fly primarily transcontinental routes .
Airlines have previously found similar cracks at the holes where the pylon attaches to the wing , which led Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration five years ago to recommend checks every 1,500 cycles .
At that time , when the FAA issued an airworthiness directive it said , " We are issuing this ( directive ) to prevent fatigue cracking in the primary strut structure and reduced structural integrity of the strut , which could result in separation of the strut and engine . "
A vegan 's worst nightmare , and not diet food by any stretch of the imagination , you would be hard pressed to find a better cure for a hangover than these deliciously satisfying cakes , other than a bit of the old ' hair of the dog . '
I made this discovery the first time I made the original recipe , from Deborah Madison 's Local Flavors , on New Year 's Day of this year .
But this makes a satisfying breakfast even when your liver is not chastising you for the uncouth way you treated it the night before .
In my un-ending quest to find more ways of using up sourdough starter , I adapted this recipe yesterday morning , subbing starter for the flour and buttermilk originally called for .
I 've never been a huge bacon fan ( I like the smell of it better than the taste ) but I sampled my first bacon ice cream a couple weeks ago and it brought on the bacon lust of which so many have already fallen victim .
I purchased some cured , applewood smoked Niman Ranch bacon to use for a future post ( spoiler alert : butternut squash mac and cheese with sage , collard greens and the ' b ' word ) , and was anxious to test it out .
I could n't think of a better accompaniment to these cakes .
The cured bacon crisped up beautifully in a hot skillet in just a few minutes .
I toyed with putting the bacon IN the pancakes , but had mercy on Jay , a ' vegetarian ' ( or ' environmentally responsible eater , ' he just corrected indignantly , reading over my shoulder ) , but you sure could .
I did , however , cook the cakes in the rendered bacon fat , which may make you feel obese just reading about it but , really , it 's pretty much the same as using butter .
And it would be a shame to let those flavorful oils go to waste .
( If you want to go the veg route , you wo n't be any worse off using butter to fry the cakes .
You might try using a smoked cheddar on top , such as Meyenburg 's smoked goat cheddar . )
A couple things make this recipe unique .
First , the eggs get separated , the yolks whisked into the batter and the whites whipped to soft peaks and folded in .
Secondly , the acidity in the starter reacts with the baking soda , causing the batter to foam up , as per usual in sourdough cakes .
Last but not least , slices of extra sharp cheddar are laid over the cooked side of one cake , melting and giving the cakes a deliciously unexpected bite .
Oats and grated apples give the cakes texture and earthy , tart flavor ; a drizzle of maple syrup brings it all together , and the side of smokey , crisp bacon - well , it just makes everything that much better .
Do n't just save this for hungover mornings - after ; these tasty cakes are the perfect way to start any crisp , fall , bojon day .
If you are nursing a hangover , try sipping a bit of Calvados along side .
You 're welcome .
For more pancake recipes :
* Bojon appétit !
For more Bojon Gourmet in your life , follow along on Instagram , Facebook , or Pinterest , purchase my gluten - free cookbook Alternative Baker , or subscribe to receive new posts via email .
And if you make this sourdough apple - oat pancake recipe , I ’d love to know .
Leave a comment and rating below , and tag your Instagram snaps @ The_Bojon_Gourmet and # bojongourmet .*
0 from 0 votes Sourdough apple - oat pancakes with aged cheddar and bacon Print Recipe Pin Recipe Possibly the world 's greatest hangover cure !
Prep Time : 10 minutes Cook Time : 15 minutes Total : 25 minutes Servings : 8 4 " cakes ( 2 to 4 servings )
Ingredients 3 strips of bacon per bacon - eater ( I recommend Niman Ranch , cured , applewood smoked )
8 oz . liquid sourdough starter ( 1 cup flat , 2 cups or more bubbly )
2 large eggs , separated
3 tablespoons melted butter ( or try bacon fat ! )
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup rolled oats
1 large , crisp apple ( such as granny smith , pink lady , or cameo ) , grated ( 7 - 8 oz ) ( about 1 cup )
2 oz . aged , extra - sharp cheddar , thinly sliced
maple syrup , for serving Instructions
Fry the bacon in a cast iron skillet ( or a griddle if you are so fortunate ) over medium heat , turning a couple times , until done to your liking , 5 minutes or so .
Remove the bacon to paper towels to drain .
Pour the fat into a ramekin and reserve .
Measure the starter into a medium bowl .
Whisk in the yolks , butter , baking soda , spices and salt to combine .
Stir in the grated apple and oats .
Put the egg whites in a clean , large bowl and whip until soft peaks form .
Gently fold into the batter .
Heat a bit of bacon fat in the skillet ( or a griddle ) over medium heat .
Pour in 1/3 cup of batter and cook until deeply browned , about 2 minutes , adjusting the heat as necessary .
Flip the cake over , and place a couple slices of cheese on top .
Cook until browned on the second side .
Continue with the rest of the cakes .
Serve with the bacon alongside , and pass a pitcher of warm maple syrup .
Notes Nutritional values are based on one of eight pancakes with toppings .
Nutrition Calories : 225 kcal Carbohydrates : 17 g Protein : 6 g Fat : 14 g Saturated Fat : 6 g Cholesterol : 70 mg Sodium : 349 mg Potassium : 110 mg Fiber : 1 g Sugar : 8 g Vitamin A : 275 IU Vitamin C : 1.1 mg Calcium : 72 mg Iron : 0.5 mg Making this ?
I 'd love to see !
Tag your snaps @ The_Bojon_Gourmet and # bojongourmet
Sourdough apple - oat pancakes with aged cheddar and bacon
Makes 8 4 " cakes , 2 - 4 servings
3 strips of bacon per bacon - eater ( I recommend Niman Ranch , cured , applewood smoked )
8 oz . ( 1 cup flat , 2 cups or more bubbly ) liquid sourdough starter
2 large eggs , separated
3 tablespoons melted butter ( or try bacon fat ! )
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup rolled oats
1 large , crisp apple ( such as granny smith , pink lady , or cameo ) , 7 - 8 oz , grated ( about 1 cup )
2 oz . aged , extra - sharp cheddar , thinly sliced
maple syrup , for serving
Fry the bacon in a cast iron skillet ( or a griddle if you are so fortunate ) over medium heat , turning a couple times , until done to your liking , 5 minutes or so .
Remove the bacon to paper towels to drain .
Pour the fat into a ramekin and reserve .
Measure the starter into a medium bowl .
Whisk in the yolks , butter , baking soda , spices and salt to combine .
Stir in the grated apple and oats .
Put the egg whites in a clean , large bowl and whip until soft peaks form .
Gently fold into the batter .
Heat a bit of bacon fat in the skillet ( or a griddle ) over medium heat .
Pour in 1/3 cup of batter and cook until deeply browned , about 2 minutes , adjusting the heat as necessary .
Flip the cake over , and place a couple slices of cheese on top .
Cook until browned on the second side .
Continue with the rest of the cakes .
Serve with the bacon alongside , and pass a pitcher of warm maple syrup .
US military boffins are about to produce a field - ready computer gunsight which will let snipers kill people on their first shot from a mile away - even with troublesome winds blowing .
The technical issues facing the so - called " One Shot " project have already been solved using prototype equipment , and it is now planned to produce 15 " fully operational and field hardened " sets of gear for further development trials on the battlefield .
This is how it 's done nowadays .
Modern - day sniper rifles can easily throw their bullets across tremendously long distances , but beyond a certain point it becomes impossibly difficult to adjust the aim to allow for atmospheric effects - in particular for the wind .
It can also be a time - consuming business allowing for all the changing factors which can affect the path of a bullet 's flight - range , temperature , atmospheric pressure , the spin of the projectile itself , the relative heights of the target and shooter .
Thus it is that very long - range hits beyond 2 k m do get made , but they are rarities .
The current combat sniping record is nowadays generally credited to Corporal of Horse * Craig Harrison of the British Army , who hit and killed two Taliban machine - gunners at a distance of 2,474 metres in November last year in as many shots and then destroyed their weapon with a third round .
However , he missed several times before getting the necessary corrections nailed down so expertly .
Harrison was able to make these astonishing shots because - in his words - " conditions were perfect , no wind , mild weather , clear visibility " .
The previous record - holder , Corporal Rob Furlong of the 3rd battalion , Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry , killed an al - Qaeda gunman at 2,430 m in 2002 - but like Harrison took several shots before scoring a hit .
Furlong may also have been aided by the thin air high in the Shah - i - Kot valley where he was fighting at the time .
おつまみさんサービス終了のお知らせ
誠に勝手ながらおつまみさんは、2013年2月28日（木）をもちましてサービスを全て終了いたします。
これまでご愛顧いただき、誠にありがとうございました。
私たちは、食事中に もWEBブラウズが出来るという、新しいインターネットの楽しみ方を提案して参りました。
しかしながら、昨今では、特に牛丼チェーン店や立ち食いそば店などで、
右手には箸、左手にスマートフォンという形で、食事中のWEBブラウズを行う方々が多くいらっしゃいます。
おつまみさんは、食事中 のWEBブラウズの引導をスマートフォンに渡すことで、
その役目を終えたものと私たちは考えたため、この度のサービス終了を迎える運びとなりました。
2013年2月28日までにダウンロードおよびインストールいただいたアプリは、サービス終了以降も引き続きご利用いただけますが、
アップデートおよびサポートは終了となります。
メディアテクノロジーラボでは、今後も新しいサービスを開発してまいります。
今後ともどうぞよろしくおねがいします。
French oyster - growers are facing ruin because of a viral epidemic that for a third year in a row has been wiping out millions of baby shellfish .
Image caption Protesters were paid off by a government rescue package
From the Mediterranean coast to the bay of Arcachon on the Atlantic and now Brittany , farmers have been watching in dismay in recent weeks as the virus once again moved northwards , keeping pace with the rising sea temperature .
In 2008 and 2009 , the industry was ravaged by the same epidemic , with many farms losing 80 - 100 % of their stocks of naissains - first - year spats .
Because it takes three years to grow a commercially viable oyster , so far the economic impact of the crisis has been limited .
But now all pre-2008 production has been depleted , so major shortages are predicted next winter when demand peaks around Christmas and New Year .
In France that is when some 90 % of oysters are sold .
The Committee to Save Oyster - Farming - an ad - hoc group set up in answer to the crisis - has warned that 40 % of the country 's 4,800 mainly family - run businesses could be forced to close , with the loss of thousands of jobs .
The state marine research agency ( Ifremer ) said it is " one of the worst crises in the history of French oyster - farming " .
Man-made problem
Last month hundreds of farmers staged a much - publicised protest in central Paris , dumping lorry - loads of oyster - shells on one of the Seine river bridges .
Their pressure paid off , because the French government has now promised a 150 m euro rescue package to tide the industry through the next three years .
Image caption Francois Gouzer says this is the first time the crisis has been man-made
This is not the first time the oyster business has been in crisis , but it is the first time the crisis has been man-made Francois Gouzer , Oyster farmer
Low - tide on the sand flats at Le Po , a hamlet near Carnac in southern Brittany , exposes the poches or bags of oysters being cultivated by Bruno Lemoine .
Last week he detected the first signs of the epidemic , with many of the inch - long molluscs lying open and empty .
" The sea here has just reached 17C ( 62.6 F ) , which is the temperature when the virus hits .
In a week or two I predict that 70 % of these naissains will be dead .
We are in real trouble , " he said .
Scientists have no difficulty identifying the cause of the hecatomb .
It is a strain of herpes virus designated OsHV - 1 , which is often accompanied by a bacterium called Vibrio splendidus .
The OsHV - 1 virus has been around for millions of years , attacking oysters in the wild .
But now oysters are being mass - produced , and in conditions which many believe have encouraged the virus to spread .
" This is not the first time the oyster business has been in crisis , but it is the first time the crisis has been man-made , " said Francois Gouzer , whose business at Saint - Philibert has been in the family for three generations .
At issue are the hatcheries - mainly based further south on the Atlantic coast - where in the past five years oyster eggs have been produced by the million with a main eye on the profit margin .
The oyster larvae are then transferred elsewhere on the French coast for further cultivation .
' Sorcerers ' apprentices '
Some 80 % of hatchery shellfish are so - called " triploid " sterile oysters that have been specially developed for the market .
With an extra pair of chromosomes these oysters grow more quickly than conventional " diploids " , and do not develop the milky substance that makes ordinary oysters unsellable in the summer months .
Image caption
In France , the species has been wiped out twice by disease
" Unofficially everyone thinks the hatcheries are to blame , even if no - one says so openly , " says Jacques Cadoret , one of the biggest producers in the country .
" Certain sorcerers ' apprentices have been playing games in their labs , trying to get oyster eggs by unnatural means . "
At Ifremer , scientists say that triploid oysters cannot alone explain the spread of the virus because they have not been noticeably worse hit than diploids .
They also point out that many of those complaning about hatcheries today were the first to urge their creation in order to boost production .
However , they concede that intensive farming methods may be a factor in the current crisis .
" It is true that in recent years production of oysters in France has been absolutely colossal .
Certain practices may have been developed that have weakened the species , and made it more susceptible to disease , " says Nathalie Cochennec , in charge of tracking the virus at Ifremer .
According to Ms Cochennec , the best hope now is for scientists to breed new strains of the oyster that will prove resistant to the disease .
The risk is that this policy could take many years to come to fruition .
Older hands need no reminding of the fragility of oyster farming .
In France cultivation dates only from the mid 19th Century , but twice since then entire species have been wiped out by disease : first in the 1920s and then again in 1970 .
Today 's species - the Pacific oyster or Crassostrea Gigas - has only been cultivated in France for some 40 years .
" There used to be a saying among oyster - farmers - always be ready to move , " says Francois Cadoret , now in his 80s , whose family has raised oysters at Locmariacquer since 1870 .
" People forget it 's a most unreliable business . "
Is he doing what I think he ’s doing ?.
The last panel is more disturbing than the rest …( if you ca n’t see past the lady in the computer , pay close attention to that right arm … )
Via LegoRobot comics .
There is a never - ending list of ways that computer security can be compromised , and a new discovery has added yet another threat to the list : Tabnapping .
Aza Raskin , a user interface specialist for the Mozilla Firefox Web browser , has detailed a new way to infiltrate computers through browser tabs .
He calls it tabnapping or tabjacking .
Tabs allow users to have several sites open at once in the same browser window , and tabbed browsing is a common feature in most browsers now .
By taking advantage of users ' tendency to leave tabs open , certain programs can redirect sites to malicious sites without the user even knowing it .
" The time that wary people are most wary is exactly when they first navigate to a site .
What we do n’t expect is that a page we ’ve been looking at will change behind our backs , when we are n’t looking .
That ’ll catch us by surprise , " Raskin said .
Traditionally , phishing attacks were used when users mistakenly went to a malicious site where viruses could be downloaded to the computer or important information stolen .
With tabnapping , users go to legitimate Web sites in a browser tab , but when the user leaves the tab open and clicks over to another tab , the tabnapping program surreptitiously redirects the tab to a malicious site that looks similar .
When the user clicks back to the compromised tab , he or she will likely not know they are on a different site and may enter important information such as passwords and bank account numbers .
Even if a user entered the vulnerable information before the tabnapping happened , the malicious site can tell the user that a session has timed out ( a common security practice on bank websites ) so that the user must reenter their information .
Raskin has included an example on the very page where he documents the vulnerability .
If you go to the page , leave it open and click away , you 'll find that it looks like a Gmail login page when you click back to it .
If you had gone to Gmail and logged in before this happened , you may have simply thought you were unexpectedly logged out and enter your information again , but this time into a phishing site .
Raskin says this attack is viable on most major browsers , including Mozilla Firefox , Internet Explorer and Google Chrome .
Because the attack relies on Javascript , using browser plug-ins such as NoScript that block JavaScript can help users avoid the problem , although researcher Avi Raff has demonstrated a similar attack that circumvents JavaScript blockers .
Raskin also says the upcoming Firefox Account Manager feature will help prevent tabnapping .
Holy Sweet Lord , Turkey has announced they will send another flotilla to Gaza — escorted by the Turkish Navy !
If they actually do this , it is the very definition of throwing down .
Wow .
Does Israel want a war with Turkey ?
They ca n’t win it , short of using nukes , and Turkey is a NATO member , if Israel attacks NATO ships , Turkey can invoke Article V ( in fact , they can invoke it already , since the ships were attacked by a non NATO power on the high seas . )
If Turkey does so , of course NATO nations will refuse , but doing so will break NATO .
This is high stakes .
Update : I might add that in the case of a war between Turkey and Israel , if Turkey is serious , unless Israel uses nukes , my money is on the Turks .
They have a huge armored corp , and the nations between Israel and Turkey are n’t going to say no if Turkey asks for access ( because if they do , Turkey will just roll right through them . )
Also if Turkey and Israel goes to war , it ’s at least 50 / 50 the Egypt jumps in as well .
Israel is really playing with fire on this one .
Update 2 : See Sean - Paul ’s comments on the domestic reasons of Turkey ’s reaction , and what the death of the Israeli / Turkish Entente means .
Update 3 : See this analysis ( h/t Pogge ) for the legalities .
Short of it is that if the act was n’t rogue , then this was an act of war , not an act of piracy .
A neat anecdote from inside the administration 's response to the oil spill :
Obama has also called in some of the many scientists on the federal payroll , led by Energy Secretary Steven Chu , a Nobel Prize - winning physicist .
Chu at one point pushed the unusual idea of using gamma rays to peer into the blowout preventer to determine if its valves were closed , a technique he experimented with in graduate school while studying radioactive decay .
The suggestion at first elicited snickering and " Incredible Hulk " jokes .
Then they tried it , and it worked .
" They were n't hot on his ideas , " a senior White House official said of BP 's initial reaction to Chu 's suggestions .
" Now they are . "
Whodathunkit : The Thrilla from Wasilla , Mrs. USA , the grizzliest mama of them all is A - OK with folks getting stoned in the privacy of their own homes .
“ If somebody ’s gonna smoke a joint in their house and not do anybody else any harm , ” former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin said recently on FOX News , the fuzz should just leave them be .
The folks at the Marijuana Policy Project , America ’s largest weed legalization lobby , are happy to hear it .
But they ’d like to see Palin cash that check with some action .
“ If Sarah Palin recognizes that marijuana is a ‘ minimal problem ’ and that law enforcement has greater priorities , ” the MPP ’s Mike Meno wrote in a statement to the press , “ she should get off the fence and join the growing ranks of libertarian - minded Republicans , including Rep. Ron Paul and former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson , who have called for an end to the outdated and failed policies of marijuana prohibition . ”
Meno even takes a swipe at Palin ’s caveat — that legalizing weed would harm the kiddies : “ Palin says she opposes making marijuana legal because of the message it would send to young people , but our current policies ensure that young people have better access to marijuana than nearly anyone else .
Unlike the licensed merchants who sell tobacco and alcohol , drug dealers do not check IDs . ”
They sure do n’t !
While The Daily Caller has yet to hear back from the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , it did reach out to its smoking readers for reactions to Palin ’s statement .
“ I ’m a stoner who finds sarah palin linguistically and ideologically indecipherable , EVEN WHEN I ’M NOT STONED , ” wrote an artist in Atlanta .
“ I think hers is a pretty typical independent - but - not - republican sentiment , which is the type of rep she ’s trying to foster , right ?
So it actually makes a lot of sense to me .
Plus , maybe alaska is a total bummer and you need ganja to power through winter . ”
A deejay in Washington had slightly less kind things to say .
“ I do disagree with most of her other positions on issues , and she usually comes across as ridiculous in her public and media appearance .
So this one position on weed does n’t make me any more keen to see her become our next President or hold any position of political authority .
It does strike me as simple common sense , though . ”
Palin said during her appearance that law enforcement resources are wasted on the war against fun .
“ Perhaps there are other things that our cops should be looking at to engage in and try to clean up some of the other problems that we have in society that are appropriate for law enforcement to do and not concentrate on such a , relatively speaking , minimal problem that we have in the country . ”
It was the biggest bank bail out in British history , and it came with scarcely believable costs .
A trillion pounds of tax - payer support ; a trillion pounds of lost output .
After a disaster of this magnitude you might have expected some collective soul - searching by both banks and government .
There has been far too little .
Instead we risk a repeat – our banking system is as disconnected from real wealth generation as ever .
The return to business as usual – bonuses , trading in derivatives , the organising of banking as an exercise in which money is made from money – is breathtaking and depressing .
And so , given the recent buoyant profit figures reported by our banks , is the easy money .
Labour delivered the minimum reform it could get away with , subcontracting responsibility to the Financial Services Authority .
As the crisis broke in May 2008 it commissioned an inquiry populated entirely by industry insiders , chaired by the now chair of Lloyds , Sir Win Bischoff , to examine how the City could become more internationally competitive .
When it reported a year later , it recommended little or no change .
The conclusions were tamely accepted by the most risk - averse group of senior politicians in the Labour party 's history .
The poverty of action is inexcusable .
The value of outstanding lending by British banks in all currencies is five times our national output – proportionally greater than any comparable country – and is underpinned by a puny amount of pure equity capital ; £ 1 for every £ 50 lent .
As an internal Bank of England working paper hypothesises , this collective balance sheet structure is so precarious that without substantial and far - reaching reform a second crisis is almost inevitable within 10 - 25 years .
And next time we would be overwhelmed as a country .
Most industries that had undergone such a near - death experience – along with such a high probability of a recurrence – would be taking precautions .
Not banking .
Instead of building up its reserves aggressively , it is carrying on paying salaries at pre-crash levels .
City head - hunter Chris Roebuck , pay consultant Shaun Springer and pay expert Jonathan Chapman confirm that any changes to remuneration are cosmetic ; if bonuses have been lowered base pay has gone up .
As it is , £ 6bn of bonuses were paid out last year .
As Springer says , the status quo won .
The regulators certainly want more prudence over pay , but the banks play cat and mouse with them , as they always have .
As worrying is the lack of reform to the business model of banking built up over the last 10 or 15 years .
Barclays , RBS and HSBC each boasts more than 1,000 subsidiaries – most of which are secret vehicles created to warehouse lending or direct financial flows in artificial ways , whose purpose , as one official told me off the record , is essentially deception – to avoid tax or regulation or whose complexity is designed so that in an emergency all a government can do is write a blank bail - out cheque .
The opacity is dramatised by the ongoing multitrillion dollar trading in derivatives – essentially bets on the future prices of financial assets .
The justification is that derivatives help buyers and sellers – companies or banks – better to manage risk .
Some do .
But derivatives are an invitation to speculate .
A recent IMF working paper expresses concern that the 10 banks have not backed with the necessary capital or collateral as much as $ 1.6 trillion of derivatives ( £ 1.1 trillion ) they have created – essentially assuming liabilities without the money .
Although highly profitable , this is behaviour that fatally weakens the system .
The IMF do n't say it , but it would just take a market rumour and there would be panic .
British banks have £ 1 trillion wrapped up in derivatives – a business that Nouriel Roubini , the economist who predicted the crash , thinks should be as closely regulated as guns because they are no less dangerous .
But progress on financial reform – nationally and internationally – is glacial .
Part of the reason is the fiendish complexity that western governments allowed their banks to create , and part is the jealous defence of alleged national banking interests by governments .
But nobody should underestimate the banks ' own powerful interest in resisting reform – and their lobbying is powerful and well - financed .
One of the oldest and most effective lobbyists , as Stuart Fraser , chair of policy and resources of the Corporation of London , readily admits , is the Corporation of London itself .
It has substantial income from a property empire built up over centuries and as the Square Mile 's local authority believes it has an obligation to spend part of its funds in promoting its constituents ' interests .
In this local authority businesses have votes .
The Corporation of London has no fewer than four representatives on Bischoff 's inquiry – not , as ex City minister Paul Myners concedes , the Labour government 's " finest moment " .
The status quo is bad news not just because of the risk of another crash .
British banks shamefully neglect enterprise , entrepreneurship , investment and innovation .
Only 3 % of cumulative net lending in the decade up to the crash went to manufacturing ; three quarters went to commercial real estate and residential mortgages .
Lord Adair Turner , chair of the FSA , says that collectively manufacturers borrow no more than they deposit with banks .
De facto , it is a sector from which the banks have largely disengaged .
The result – devastated industries and sky - high property prices .
Reform has to be multi-pronged .
Almost everybody accepts that banks need to carry more capital , except getting international agreement on how much is close to impossible .
And banks should indicate how in a crisis they would wind themselves up without costing the taxpayer billions – so - called living wills .
The question is how much more should be done .
Paul Volcker , former chair of the US Federal Reserve and presidential adviser on banking , told me that banks should not trade on their account in derivatives .
Tory MP David Davis 's cross-party banking commission , which has just released a comprehensive report , endorses the view , and so do many Bank of England officials , at least privately .
There should be much more transparency ; living wills , for example , should be public documents rather than secret arrangements .
So should derivative trading .
There should be a great deal more competition .
The government , according to the new business secretary Vince Cable , needs to get tough and insist that banks lend to enterprise .
Britain needs more banks , transparent banks and safer banks that really contribute to the British economy – and it needs to have the chutzpah to go it alone if necessary .
The coalition government , Cable says , is committed to change , and a banking commission to investigate what and how is about to be announced .
The question is whether anyone will have the courage to do what needs be done .
Dispatches : How the Banks Won , presented by Will Hutton , is broadcast at 8 pm this Monday on C4
The iPad will go on sale in nine countries outside the US on 28 May , Apple says
The world 's biggest mobile phone maker , Nokia , has filed a lawsuit against Apple claiming the iPad 3G and iPhone infringe five of its patents .
Nokia claims the infringements involve technology used to enhance speech and data transmission and antenna innovations for compact devices .
This is the latest salvo in a long - running legal battle between the two companies .
Nokia and Apple are embroiled in another dispute concerning the iPhone .
" We 've taken this step to protect the results of our pioneering development and to put an end to continued unlawful use of Nokia 's innovation , " said Paul Melin , general manager of patent licensing at Nokia .
In a statement , the company said that during the past two decades Nokia has invested about $ 51bn ( £ 34bn ) in research and development and has rounded up 11,000 patents .
Last year Nokia filed a similar lawsuit which claimed that various Apple products infringed Nokia patents .
Apple responded with a countersuit against Nokia for infringing Apple patents with its smartphones .
Meanwhile , Apple is also involved in another legal row with Taiwan 's HTC , maker of Google 's Nexus
One phone , which it says has infringed patented technology .
Patent disputes are common in the technology industry and often end with some kind of licensing agreement , correspondents say .
The Nokia lawsuit came on the day Apple announced that its iPad tablet computer will go on sale in nine countries outside the US on 28 May .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wovenhand who will be releasing their seventh studio record " The Threshingfloor " on June 22nd on Sounds Familyre Records , will return to the road in the US for a few select dates starting this Saturday , June 19th , supporting Tool .
The music of David Eugene Edwards '
Wovenhand is utterly unique , dizzying those who encounter it , with turnings and lashings of shadow and light .
" The Threshingfloor " , their sixth release for Sounds Familyre and the follow - up to their critically acclaimed September 2008 album " Ten Stones " , was co-produced by Edwards and Robert Ferbrache , and recorded in Edward 's native Colorado at Studio Absinthe and Glade Park .
The songs were finessed by the rumbling vibrations of Wovenhand bandmates Pascal Humbert on electric and double bass , the incisive drumming of Ordy Garrison , and by special guest Peter Eri on Hungarian shepherd 's flute .
These sophisticated musicians freshly illumine Edwards ' considerable vocal range , formidable guitar work and masterful song craft .
On " The Threshingfloor " , soundscape mimics landscape , towering and jagged like high peaks , enveloping like the star - studded dome of the sky .
We are acutely aware of our own smallness , as our senses are accosted by something otherworldly .
You can catch Wovenhand opening for Tool in these cities :
June 19th - New Orleans , LA - UNO Arena
June 20th - Houston , TX - Toyota Center
June 22nd - Cedar Park , TX - Cedar Park Center
June 23rd - Oklahoma City , OK - Ford Arena
June 25th - Kansas City , MO - Spirit Center
June 26th - St. Charles , MO - Family Arena
June 28th - Denver , CO - Red Rocks
Last year on June 30 , no one knew whether Glendale 's first professional sports team , the Phoenix Coyotes , would stay long - term in the Valley .
Today , the answer to that question remains uncertain .
But the city has made steps toward securing a permanent owner willing to keep the Coyotes in Glendale .
The process involves a complicated mix of parties with varying interests in the outcome .
Glendale has until Dec. 31 to keep the team by getting everyone on board .
One major milestone occurs Thursday .
Westgate City Center developer Steve Ellman is due to pay Glendale his yearly $ 1 million fine for being behind schedule on the shopping center 's development .
Last year , amid the confusion of the Coyotes bankruptcy , Ellman did not pay the fine .
The payment could be delayed again , as a point of negotiation between the city and Ellman over a special taxing district .
Here 's a look at how the ownership saga stands one year later .
Loading list ...
GLENDALE
At stake : - $ 180 million investment to open Jobing.com Arena in 2003 .
Busy game nights and concerts , which bring thousands of fans to eat and drink in the Westgate City Center area , generating sales taxes for Glendale to pay off its arena debt .
In addition , the Coyotes pay the city rent and arena fees that go to the debt , which rises to more than $ 300 million once interest is added .
- $ 25 million " insurance " account promised to National Hockey League to pay for arena operations and team losses until a new owner is in place .
The Glendale City Council voted to subsidize the team , starting Thursday , in order to guarantee another season .
The league has been paying the team 's losses for close to two years .
In March , when the city still had not secured a new owner for the team , the league demanded assurances that it would not have to subsidize the team any longer .
Needed : - Long - term arena lease with a new owner .
Glendale reached a preliminary lease deal June 8 with Ice Edge Holdings and is hashing out the remaining details of a final lease .
- Agreement with Ellman to include his property in a special taxing district .
The council last week agreed to create a " community facilities district " that would use property taxes to pay off bonds that would finance Coyotes losses .
Ellman 's cooperation is key to the viability of the district .
NHL
At stake : - The league 's estimated $ 160 million to $ 190 million costs for owning and running the Coyotes .
The NHL began covering team losses of roughly $ 30 million in fall 2008 after former owner Jerry Moyes said he needed to get a new lease deal from Glendale or sell the team .
He claimed he had lost more than $ 300 million on the Coyotes .
Moyes put the team into bankruptcy in May 2009 and the league purchased it for $ 140 million with plans to sell to a buyer willing to stay in Glendale .
The NHL then spent an additional $ 20 million to run the team through the 2009 - 10 season .
-
The NHL also deployed a fleet of attorneys to bankruptcy court , an expensive task , to fight Canadian billionaire and BlackBerry co-CEO Jim Balsillie 's unsuccessful attempt to buy and move the team to Ontario .
Needed : - Purchase agreement with Ice Edge .
The NHL must negotiate a purchase price with the group of investors that pays back the league for its costs to purchase and run the team , along with paying back Glendale for any losses it covers in the upcoming season .
-
The league 's 29 team owners must be convinced that Ice Edge is financially capable of buying the team and vote to accept Ice Edge as an owner .
ICE EDGE HOLDINGS
At stake : - A year 's worth of work , $ 1.5 million in attorney and public - relations fees and a Scottsdale home .
The group of Canadian and American investors started aggressively pursuing the purchase in early July 2009 .
CEO Anthony LeBlanc ( pictured ) moved from Canada to Scottsdale to be closer to negotiations , as well as to attend games and meet fans .
Needed : - Long - term arena lease with Glendale .
- Purchase agreement with NHL .
The group must agree on a purchase price with the league , believed to be between $ 160 million and $ 190 million , and convince the NHL 's 29 team owners that it 's financially capable and has a sound business plan in place .
STEVE ELLMAN
At stake : - Business at Westgate City Center shops and restaurants .
The outdoor shopping mall reaps sales from the thousands of fans that attend Coyotes games 40 - plus nights a year .
If the team leaves , Ellman could lose a big chunk of revenue from tenants closing down .
But he must weigh keeping the team and its fans against the cost to join a special taxing district , which Glendale and Ice Edge plan to use to finance team losses .
- Ellman 's yearly $ 1 million fine paid to Glendale since 2005 .
The fee was designed as an incentive to keep Westgate 's development schedule on track .
Last year , Ellman did not pay the fine .
The payment could be delayed again , as a point of negotiation between the city and Ellman over the special taxing district .
Needed : - Agreement with Glendale to join the special taxing district .
City officials and Ellman 's staff wo n't talk much about negotiations over the community facilities district .
But Ellman likely is seeking some sort of financial concessions before agreeing to tax himself to help the team .
PHOENIX COYOTES
At stake : - Location of future seasons .
The Coyotes are guaranteed to play the 2010 - 11 season in Glendale .
But the team could be relocated if Glendale and the NHL cannot agree on a new buyer .
- Team finances .
Uncertainty surrounding the Coyotes ' future hurt season - ticket sales , sponsorships and suite sales last year .
Ticket sales have fared better this summer since Glendale guaranteed money for the coming season , but fans are ready for the ownership saga to end .
Needed : - A new owner that can turn the team 's fortunes around .
The Coyotes have not turned a profit since moving to Arizona in 1996 .
Some say hockey will never be successful in a warm climate .
Others say owners that know hockey , can invest in a winning team and connect with fans can make the Coyotes profitable .
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues .
Adm . Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , on Wednesday stated that he is “ genuinely concerned ” about China ’s expanded military programs .
His comments are the strongest criticism of People ’s Liberation Army since the US and China blamed each other last week for an ongoing freeze in military ties , and Beijing rescinded an invitation to US Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
China initially stalled all military - to - military relations with the US in January this year , when Washington announced a $ 6.4 billion arms package for Taiwan .
Recent events threaten to destabilize overall US - China relations .
Admiral Mullen said in a speech in Washington that he was worried by China ’s “ heavy investments ” in sea and air capabilities and its rejection of military contacts with the US .
IN PICTURES : World 's Top 10 Military Spenders
Responding to Mullen ’s statement , the Chinese government on Thursday called for more trust between the two militaries , reports Bloomberg .
China will “ never be an aggressor , ” Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said in Beijing today , while calling for the US to foster “ mutual trust . "
Mullen ’s comments follow a tense exchange between Secretary Gates and Gen. Ma Xiaotian , the deputy chief of the general staff of the PLA , during a defense conference in Singapore on Saturday .
According to The New York Times , General Ma criticized Washington ’s arms sales to Taiwan , while Gates complained that overall US - China relations are “ held hostage ” by the Taiwan issue and the PLA ’s unwillingness to develop ties .
Analysts say the stand - off , which led to Beijing rescinding Gates ’s invitation for a visit , reveals the disconnect between the two militaries .
The New York Times reports :
Stephanie Kleine - Ahlbrandt , a Beijing analyst with the International Crisis Group , said the Obama administration ’s hopes for cooperation with Beijing “ have been more optimistic than current scenarios warrant . ”
“ China and the US continue to have fundamentally different values , goals and capabilities , ” she said , citing China ’s reluctance to press for the truth in the sinking of a South Korean ship , an attack that an international investigation determined was the work of North Korea … .
The United States has struggled with limited success to recruit China as a partner in United Nations actions , not only against North Korea but also against Iran ’s nuclear program .
Military ties between the US and China were further strained last month when Beijing refused to endorse an international investigation that showed North Korea was responsible for sinking a South Korean warship in March .
Previously , during the Strategic and Economic Dialogue between the US and China on May 24 , Rear Adm .
Guan Youfei of the PLA criticized Washington ’s strategic approach , claiming that the US still viewed China as an enemy .
According to The Washington Post , Admiral Guan ’s outburst reveals the fragility of US - China ties :
" Guan 's speech underscored that 31 years after the United States and China normalized relations , there remains a deep distrust in Beijing .
That the United States is trying to keep China down is a central part of the party 's catechism and a foundation of its claims to legitimacy … .
" More broadly , many Chinese security experts and officials view the Obama administration 's policy of encouraging Chinese participation in solving the world 's problems – including climate change , the global financial crisis and the security challenges in Iran and North Korea – not as attempts to elevate China into the ranks of global leadership but rather as a scheme to enmesh it in a paralyzing web of commitments . "
In April , when Chinese President Hu Jintao and President Obama met on the margins of the two - day summit on nuclear security , both were all smiles .
Bilateral relations appeared to be warming after a cold winter , The Christian Science Monitor reported at the time .
Relations were never as bad as public perceptions appeared to have them , maintained Charles Freeman , a China scholar at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
“ Certainly there ’s been this perception of growing friction , at least in part as the Chinese have tested the mettle of a new and young US president , ” Mr. Freeman told the Monitor .
“ But both sides realize that the relationship is extremely important and that getting it wrong would be disastrous for China as well as for the US . ”
In an op - ed for The Korea Herald , independent analyst Dr. John Lee argues that the PLA ’s elusiveness is part of Beijing ’s strategic approach in engaging with Washington :
In truth , the Chinese reluctance to commit to meaningful high - level military - to - military talks is about much more than Taiwan .
Fostering ambiguity is a well - established approach in both ancient and contemporary Chinese competitive thinking .
Ensuring poor transparency and a reluctance to engage in open dialogue is at the heart of the PLA ’s strategy in dealing with a much more formidable American competitor … .
The PLA is pursuing an “ asymmetrical ” strategy that does not necessarily seek to match America in terms of military strength ( for the moment ) but which is designed to make the costs of any military action in the region against China prohibitive .
The US remains by far the biggest military spender , spending $ 661 billion on its military in 2009 – more than six times as much as China .
IN PICTURES : World 's Top 10 Military Spenders
Related :
By Bob Goodwin , an investor and medical device entrepreneur who lives in Mercer Island , Washington
Ideological groupings of the population are an interesting phenomenon .
I believe they are caused by two human traits .
People need a mental construct or shortcut to make sense of complex externalities , and likely overuse these constructs .
More importantly people are social animals , and will use social settings ( like NakedCapitalism ) to refine and align their constructs .
Liberalism is the largest ideology ( by population count ) in the US with about 30 % .
Libertarianism is less than half the size of Liberalism , with Evangelical Christianity the only other grouping larger that Libertarianism .
These social groupings are imperfect with the majority of adherents lacking the sophistication to debate the nuances , and adherents frequently carving out exceptions or adhering partially to multiple ideologies .
But as social forces they are each unmistakable and powerful .
It can be very difficult to debate with someone of a different ideology , when your premise starts with a presumption not shared by your opponent .
And due to human nature when the debate devolves into a disagreement on the fundamentals of an ideology it will quickly move to an accusation that there must be a flaw in the messenger .
Every decent person I know agrees with my proof , so you must not be a decent person .
So let me ( tongue - in - cheek ) lay out a series of typical debates between Libertarians and Liberals .
I am taking pains to skewer both sides equally :
On Global Warming :
Libertarian : Man Made Global Warming is a farce and a conspiracy
Liberal : Your ideology is blinding you , you deny established science .
Libertarian : Fuck you .
On BP
Liberal : BP manipulated government , exploited our natural resources , and polluted our beaches .
Libertarian :
We need oil , and the government encouraged deep - water drilling and became captured
Liberal : Fuck you .
On Health Care
Liberal :
There are 30 million people without healthcare in the richest country in the world
Libertarian : Health care is rigged to overcharge and regulated beyond redemption
Liberal :
There are 30 million people without healthcare in the richest country in the world
I pick these three examples , because I believe Libertarians and Liberals largely agree on each of these issues .
But the choice of language stokes the ideology .
I think the following three statements are safe for both ideologies :
Dependence on fossil fuels has come at a high cost , and we can do much better at creating energy that is causes less environmental damage .
The environment is a common asset where government has a role .
Cap - and - trade may be another scheme that will enrich the elite , and not benefit the environment .
But we need to reduce emissions into our atmosphere .
We need to drive down the cost of health care while broadening access and improving outcomes .
ObamaCare was a sop to corporate interests .
There are natural turning points in history .
American Liberalism came to prominence during the Great Depression and American Libertarianism out of the collapse of Calvinism during the industrial revolution .
We are at another turning point now , with the aging of the Baby Boomers , and the collapse of the permanent American wealth machine .
Let me list issues that are less important than they were 10 - 20 years ago : Guns , Gays , God , Abortion , State Security , Crime , Drug enforcement , Labor Unions .
I did not say they are unimportant – just overtaken by other issues .
But most importantly the role of the government and markets has evolved in both liberals and libertarian minds .
Not changed , evolved .
We now have a common enemy : the Corporatist elite , who have corrupted both the free market and captured the regulatory apparatus of our government .
Corporatists have power in * both * political parties , and this is where our common interests lie .
The Tea party is disrupting the Republican Party ( with some success ) and the progressive movement has been successful in elections but unsuccessful in policy at undermining the entrenched corporate influence on the democratic side .
The Corporatists have an interest to see their enemies divided and marginalized .
But the combined power of these two movements is close enough to 50 % of the population to overpower the Corporatist movement which has power far beyond its numbers .
Alignment of dissonant ideologies is difficult .
It involves several steps .
1 . Agree on common ground .
This common ground needs to be sufficient to justify collaboration .
2 . Agree to disagree respectfully .
For example , the border shooting is going to elicit different opinions .
It is not a central fight .
So disagree .
3 . Try to use neutral language on collaborative topics .
4 . Try to ignore opponent ’s ideological language that is necessary to create cohesion within their ideology .
5 . There must be demonstrable achievements to justify the discomfort .
Joe Trippi was on Fox News the other day saying that the Tea Party was real , and should be respected .
He may well be saying that because he hopes the Tea Party will disrupt the Republicans .
Regardless of his logic , that is a good step .
As a Libertarian I would like to celebrate four Liberals who have done battle with Corporatists .
Three have lost .
Liberal Senator Marie Cantwell of my home state of Washington stared down Corporatist Senators Schumer and Reid on bank reform and lost .
Liberal Senate candidate Ned Lamont won the Democratic primary , but lost the general to now Independent Corporatist Joe Lieberman .
Bill Halter ran as a labor union Liberal against incumbent Corporatist Senator Blanche Lincoln , and lost .
Liberal Admiral Joe Sestak beat Republican / Democrat / WhoCares Corporatist Arlen Specter .
Yves gave me a couple of links of cases where Progressives and Libertarians have collaborated along the lines of this post : Jane Hamsher and Grover Norquist on investigating Rahm and Ron Paul and Alan Grason on Audit the Fed .
I do not actually know how well we can work together .
Can liberals ever accept a libertarian like Sharron Angle , whom corporatists claim is against social security and Medicare ( I am not convinced this is true , but some of the claim will stick ) in her battle against Chief Corporatist Harry Reid ?
Can libertarians support Maria Cantwell who has never seen a problem without wanting to impose a government solution ?
I do n’t know .
I would like to think we could , which would require us to first agree on a common enemy , and then change our use of language to broaden the appeal of an argument across ideologies .
I look forward to readers comments .
Purchasing new furniture can seem overwhelming , but it does n’t have to be .
From choosing a brand , and finding the right style and color , it can be hard to keep track of the important questions you should be asking .
In fact , many focus on everything but the really important stuff : the quality of the furniture and how it is built .
Are the cushion casings upholstered ?
Checking to ensure both sides of the cushion are upholstered is important .
To make sure your cushions last for years to come , it is a best practice to flip them every so often so one side does n’t wear more than the other .
Unfortunately , many companies only upholster one side to cut costs .
What is the frame made of ?
A high - quality frame should last the lifetime of the piece of furniture .
Many manufacturers will use plywood to cut costs which breaks very easily .
England Furniture uses three - quarter and seven eighths inch plywood to ensure durability and longevity .
All England Furniture pieces fulfill the qualifications stated above and are built to last .
Comment policy
I retain the option of deleting comments , the only substance of which , is invective or unsupported opinion .
Such comments however may be retained to demonstrate the intellectual vacuity of the commenter .
I am sorry if you feel compelled to offer opinions without substance .
If you offer no reason for your dismissal of my or other commenters ' thoughts I have no idea what your problem with them might be .
I have found that this tactic is a particular specialty of the Marxist / Leninists liberal left but it is also employed by the bigoted extreme right .
Sometime this August , librarians at the University of Illinois will finish archiving over a dozen famous computer games , then step back to consider where to go next with their project .
These programs go back over four decades , and include a 1993 version of Doom , various editions of Warcraft , and even MIT 's Spacewar ! circa 1962 .
We wondered , given the gaming nature of most of the software being preserved , why the venture is calling itself the Preserving Virtual Worlds project .
So we called up the project 's coordinator , Jerome McDonough , Assistant Professor of Library and Information Science at the University of Illinois , to ask him about the name .
Ars Technica :
Why " worlds ? "
Jerome McDonough : Mainly because we could n't come up with any word that described all the types of different things that we were interested in .
We 're looking at everything from Spacewar ! on the PDP 1 at MIT in 1962 through Second Life today .
If we look across all these games , there 's no commonality in terms of hardware or operating system .
There 's really not that much commonality in terms of thematic content of the games .
Pretty much the only similarity you can point to is that in each of them you have an effort to develop some sort of virtual environment or virtual world .
They 're all in some way a simulation .
In Spacewar !
you are dealing with the first space combat simulation game .
In Adventure , the classic text game , you 've got a virtual cave system that you are negotiating .
When are you are dealing with Star Raiders on the Atari 2600 you 've got a galactic space battle with a galactic map .
All of them are defining some kind of virtual space .
Ars :
Why do librarians and archivists want to preserve games ?
JM : The really simple , one - sentence answer is because games are important .
In the United States we 're looking at about 80,000 people who are directly employed by the gaming industry and maybe another 240,000 people involved in related , tangential industries that rely on gaming companies for their existence .
So just as a monetary phenomenon , games are important .
You probably saw the sales for Modern Warfare ?
We 're talking a single game that realized over a billion dollars in sales .
Sort of shows on a monetary level the importance that games have taken within our economy .
This has certainly made librarians take note of games , but also they 've become important culturally .
There 's a long history of wanting to say " popular culture is lower culture and therefore we should not be preserving it . "
For all of us in our project , we 're rejecting that point of view .
Popular culture is the most important culture we need to preserve .
It shows what people were actually interested in and what they were doing .
In the United States , we have two thirds of American households as active gamers .
This is what people are doing with a significant amount of their time , and if people in the future are going to understand what this society is like , they need to understand gaming .
And how people gamed .
You also can't understand some other parts of our cultural world unless you preserve some of the game world .
There 's a lot of sort of interpenetration of media .
On the importance of preserving a game like Doom — well , if you 're preserving something like The Simpsons , you 're not going to be able to understand the Doom references that they made visually in a few Simpson episodes unless you 've got a copy of Doom sitting around .
Ars :
How will these games be preserved ?
JM : Really good question !
And I can't say we 're completely certain of all the answer at this point .
But we 're looking at whether some of the models that have been developed within the digital preservation community for dealing with more static forms of data can be applied to software .
And what we 're finding is that they can be .
But if you 're going to apply those models , you really have to be very proactive in the materials that you collect .
Take , for example , Star Raiders on the Atari 2600 .
If you 're going to preserve this , you 've got a couple of problems .
The first is that it is on a cartridge that is designed to work on a particular system that is no longer manufactured .
And as long as you 've got a hardware dependency there , you 're really not going to be able to preserve this material very long .
What we have been looking at is how feasible is it for things that fundamentally all have some level of hardware dependency there — even Doom has dependencies on DLLs with an operating system , and on particular chipsets and architectures for playing .
How do you take that and turn it into something that is n't as dependent on a particular physical piece of hardware .
And to do that , you need information about that platform .
You need technical specifications that allow you to basically reproduce a virtualization that may enable you to run the software in its original form in the future .
So what we 're trying to do is preserve not only the games , but preserve the knowledge that you would need to create a virtualization platform to play the game .
Ars :
Where will these games be preserved ?
JM : For the purposes of our project we 're looking at how our existing repositories at some of our universities handle this type of material .
So at the University of Illinois we have a central institutional repository called IDEALS .
It 's based on the DSpace software that was developed by Hewlett Packard and MIT .
At Stanford they have a different repository system , the Stanford Digital Repository that 's running off the Artesia TEAMS software .
So we 're going to be ingesting the games into those two different repositories to see how they handle the rather large body of metadata that we 're having to develop to track all these bits and pieces that we need to preserve any given game .
Longer term , part of our project is actually going to be trying to provide the Library of Congress with guidelines on what a national collection policy for games ought to be .
Ars :
Any chance people will eventually be able to go and play these old games online ?
JM : Sad to say , probably not , at least not through us .
One of the other issues that we have been looking at in this project are issues of copyright .
What can we do legally under existing law , including the Digital Millenium Copyright Act .
What actions can we take ?
What can we not take ?
Everything we 're doing is within the bounds of the law , but some of what we 're doing may involve negotiations with companies in which we say , " We do n't want to ruin the potential market for your game , we just want to preserve it .
So will you allow us to make preservation copies of this material if we dark archive it and do n't make it publicly available ? "
A lot of publishers that might otherwise have problems with us going and storing a copy of the game and making it available are a little more agreeable if we say that we 're just concerned about long - term preservation .
We 'll agree to dark archive this material for the term of copyright as long as you give us permission to preserve it .
So we 're trying to keep this stuff around in the long haul .
Will we be able to give public access to all this material ?
No .
But some of it we can because some of it has already gone out of copyright .
So early games like Spacewar ! and Adventure that were actually published prior to changes in copyright law in 1976 and were published without a copyright notice were basically entered into the public domain at that point .
There are other games , like Mystery House , that the creators actually made freely available over the Internet .
So some of the materials we can make available publicly , other of the materials we can't .
One of our biggest issues for copyright has been Second Life , because everyone who creates something on Second Life retains copyright over their creation , which means that if I want to make a copy of a Second Life island , I have to contact every rightsholder on the island and ask them for permission to copy their particular stuff .
Ars :
That sounds complicated .
JM : It 's been painful .
We had to develop our own software first to identify all the rightsholders on the island and then develop an automated system to contact them , tell them what we 're doing , and ask their permission to archive and enable them to go to a website we 'd developed where we say " We think these objects are yours .
Indicate the ones that you are willing to give us permission to copy . "
Ars :
What 's your timeline on getting this going ?
JM : Our project actually ends in August , so what we 're hoping to have accomplished by then is get all our initial case set described , packaged up and put into the repositories at Stanford and the University of Illinois .
Also provide the Library of Congress with guidance on how we think these materials should be packaged up as well as advice on what a national collection plan for games ought to look like .
We 're already talking about doing some further research in this area .
One of the things we 've become worried about is just how successful running these games under emulation is .
It was actually Doom that got us worrying about this .
We were trying to look at the very original DOS shareware version of Doom and discovered that a lot of the existing DOS emulation software had problems running Doom perfectly .
And probably the biggest problem for the emulators was sound .
Because this was the DOS world and because it was before the great harmonization of sound that happened with DirectX on Windows , most of the DOS emulators do n't have perfect handling of all of the different types of sound cards that existed in the pre-Windows world .
Some of the DOS emulators we could n't get sound out of at all .
Some of them we got something , but it was n't the original music .
We had something like six different emulators we were trying on four different platforms .
And of those various combinations , I think only two of them allowed us to get the sound out of Doom perfectly .
Ars :
Where do you want to go from there ?
JM : From there we want to start looking at how effectively we can preserve these things using emulation software .
One of the basic tenets of digital preservation is you want to leave the original bitstream intact .
For those cases where we 've got a binary , executable form of the game like Mystery House , if I 'm going to provide access I basically have to run an emulator of some kind .
How good a job do emulators do ?
We 've seen enough in our existing research to know that emulators are not always perfect .
So we 're looking at what properties of games do people think are significant , and how effectively do emulators preserve those significant properties for people who are looking at them .
Cessna C182 and C172 cockpit for Flight Simulator or Prepar3D Based on WidevieW on multiple computers and a real instrument panel sold by Simkits HOME | BACK
CURRENT CESSNA C-182 FLIGHT SIMULATOR COCKPIT
This is the latest version of my personal Cessna C182 - RG Flight Simulator cockpit .
It has been assembled in 2016 and it is still in operation .
It has a total field of view ( FOV ) of 225 degrees , obtained with 3 TVs placed at 90° from each other .
The main advantages of this kind of simulator cockpit configuration , are :
Very little space required .
The full cockpit simulator can be installed in a small corner of your living room , as it needs only a space of 5 feet by 5 feet .
It is actually a small cube .
Due to the very narrow angles between the monitors ( just 90 degrees ) , you may use a scenery zoom factor as low as 0.7 , which reduces scenery blur a lot and improves the performance , since it will not be necessary to use very high scenery level of detail radius .
This Cessna Flight Simulator cockpit works with 4 computers of average power ( since the total workload is distributed over multiple computers , low - end hardware is still enough ) linked togther by WidevieW and Widetraffic .
If still uses FSX , but may work also with Prepar3D via WidevieW 64 .
The instrument panel is still a regular one from Simkits , slightly customized to better match a C - 182 .
The monitors are regular 50 " Full - HD TVs .
The main drawback of this setup , is that the pilot will have the left monitor much closer to the right monitor , but once you get used to this , it will be perfectly fine , considering the pros and the low cost .
OLDER CESSNA C-182 FLIGHT SIMULATOR COCKPIT
This Cessna cockpit project has been started on August 2008 .
First stage completed in October 2008 with the cockpit fully operative .
Second stage completed on April 2009 with the addition of a complete enclosure .
This simulator cockpit has been dismantled in 2016 because the space required was excessive .
It was converted to the more compact version just discussed above .
But now let 's see all the upgrades done year by year .
Added an MPID to facilitate ATC communications , perform check - list and consult maps .
With the purpose of getting a closed , surrounding cockpit , without keyboard and mouse , I 've added an MPID ( Multi Purpose Integrated Display ) fixing it to the control yoke , and a Tablet PC for easy chart browsing .
Thanks to these two simple devices , the monitor connected to server ( main PC ) is used exclusively to run Flight Simulator , then I can switch it OFF and concentrate on flying , without using keyboard and mouse anymore throughout the flight !
The MPID , or Multi Purpose Integrated Display is an unit buit my myself and patent pending .
Please contact me if you need further information on this item .
The unit has an high quality LCD monitor , letting to read comfortably even the smallest text and , in the above picture , it 's used as an interface with the ATC : all the ATC messages are displayed on the monitor and the buttons can used to issue ATC commands .
Of course , I use a secondary audio card in the computer , to re-direct spoken messages into an headset , keeping them separated from engine sound , and giving the ultimate surrounding experience .
Now , to fully interact with the ATC , I no longer need a big monitor , no keyboard , no mouse , as I can operate it efficently from the MPID , while I 'm still totally concentrated on the instrument panel and on flying !
Possible alternative uses for the MPID are to display a moving map , a weather radar , a TCAS , a Google Earth satellite picture , weather information , the use is limited only by own fantasy .
ADDED A FULL COCKPIT ENCLOSURE , ENSURING AN IMMERSIVE ENVIRONMENT WITH BODY WRAPPING VIEWS
The Cessna cockpit is now fully enclosed and isolated from the room .
The environment is fully immersive , as there are no visual references beyond the monitors and the instrument panel .
The computers and the cables are now well hidden by wooden and plastic plates .
The wrapping panoramic view made with 5 TVs 37 " each is really impressive .
The hot air is pulled out by three powerful fans mounted on the roof , while colder air conditioned air penetrates the cockpit from small openings .
Part of the panoramic view , obtained by five 37 " LCD connected to five computers and synchronized via WidevieW .
A tablet PC is used to show landing charts , while an MPID ( Multi Purpose Integrated Display ) is fixed to the control yoke and used to interact with ATC or use the FSX kneeboard without mouse and keyboard .
All the cockpit is indeed mouse - less and keyboard - less , everything is done via real Cessna instrument panel , MPID and touch screen tablet PC .
In the picture above , the Cessna flight simulator cockpit seen from outside .
The cockpit is based on six computers , one used as server to drive the instrument panel ( real gauges , GPS , radio stack , etc ) and five used to drive one TV each , ensuring a stutter free panoramic view , covering 180° around the aircraft .
The computers used as clients for the visuals , are based on the following hardware and software :
Intel DX48BT2 motherboard
Intel E8500 CPU ( Dual Core , 3.16 Ghz not overclocked )
4 GB of DD3 system memory , at 1333 Mhz
n Vidia 8800 GT video card , with 1gig of video memory
Generic SATA2 500GB hard drive
Samsung 37 " LCD full - hd TV running at 1920x1080 ( LE37M86BD )
Windows Vista 64 Home Basic ( really useful to prevent OOM - Out of memory errors on complex photoreal scenery , happening sometimes with FSX )
The computer used as server , has in addition the following hardware :
A secondary nVidia 8800GT ( one video output is used for service monitor , used to make maintenance , run FSX , etc ; another video output is used for the Garmin 500 GPS ; and a third video output is used for the MPID to interact with FSX ATC and Kneeboard .
The fourth video output is still free for future expansions , perhaps for a radar weather )
A secondary audio card , to redirect engine sounds to powerful speakers and ATC communications to an headset
Windows XP
Home Basic ( I 've avoided to use a 64 bit operative system on the server , either because it 's useless when there are no scenery views , and also to prevent incompatibilities with older hardware ) .
The instrument panel is a TRC472 sold by Simkits and assembled by myself .
I have heavily customized it , because it is sold for a C172 , but I 'm simulating a C - 182 .
So , I 've added a fuel / manifold pressure gauge , a CHT indicator , a rudder trip , plus various controls present on the C - 182 and not on the C - 172 .
The tablet PC is a Fujitsu ST5112 and has charts , so I do n't need to use paper in the cockpit .
The small unit fixed on the control yoke , is my home made MPID ( Multi Purpose Integrated Display ) , useful to interact with ATC and to use FSX Kneeboard without keyboard and without mouse .
Again , all the cockpit is strictly based on a NO MOUSE , NO KEYBOARD and NO PAPER policy !!!
The synchronization of the views is done via network by WidevieW and Widetraffic in TCP / IP mode .
Software is Microsoft Flight Simulator X ( FSX ) with SP2 and lot of custom scenery ( in particular , I have satellite scenery covering entire Italy , made by Flight Simulator Center ) .
FIRST TEST FLIGHTS !
Everything is up and running as expected now , with WidevieW synchronizing all the displays .
Future improvements will perhaps include an external structure to hide the monitor 's holders , the computers and to give a general better aspect .
But now its the time to put away hammers , screwdrivers and drill , and just enjoy beautiful flights .
COCKPIT BUILDING IN PROGRESS
The flight deck has received all the instruments , radio stack , GPS unit and is by 95 % completed .
I still have to add the control yoke , rudder trim wheel , cowl flaps and parking brake switch .
Everything is handled through TRC Simkits input and output boards .
At the same time , I 'm working on the basement and holders for TVs .
Everything in home - made , using wood , as it is easier to work .
The simulator takes a lot of space , see the drawing below .
THE SIMULATOR COCKPIT PROJECT
I am now working also on the basement and holders for monitors , chair , flight deck .
etc .
The final assembly will be huge , about 2.6 x 1.8 meters wide and 1.2 meters high .
In order to get the exact sizes and to not make mistakes with holders and basement 's shapes , I 've used PC boxes and other equipment to put the flight deck , chair and front monitor in correct place .
ASSEMBLING THE CESSNA INSTRUMENT PANEL
Just before assembling the altimeter .
It is probably the most difficult gauge to build , but paying lot of attention and working carefully , it will definitely work as expected .
The flight deck is receiving more gauges daily .
THE MONITORS ARE READY
Thesting the monitors used for 180 degrees flight simulator view .
They are 5 in total and are all Samsung LCD TV , 37 " diagonal size , 10000: 1 contrast ratio , 1920 * 1080 resolution connected to PC via DVI=> HDMI cable .
They will be placed along a circle , with the complete flight deck in the front .
I 'm still studying how to mount and hold them all together .
UNPACKING THE COMPONENTS OF THE INSTRUMENT PANEL
There are definitely too many boxes in my living room .
This Cessna C-182 RG cockpit will be based on six networked computers , driving five Samsung 37 " HD monitors ( 1920 * 1080 ) for a full 180 degrees view .
The cockpit will feature a realistic aircraft instrument panel , with working hardware instruments and a replica of the Garmin 500 GPS system .
This is a kit purchased from SimKits , a department of TRC Development b.v
The cockpit will work with FS2004 and FSX .
ASSEMBLING THE CESSNA GAUGES
As said before , the instrument panel and case was purchased from TRC Development b.v as " kit " .
This means that you receive about three boxes full of pieces to assemble .
This picture shows the progress building the cockpit case , that has required just one day working alone .
I 'm now going very fast because I cannot wait to have everyting assembled and working ( but I know ... several weeks will be required , including the structure to hold the monitors ) .
I have tried to assemble my first gauge , in this case the vertical speed indicator , which is probably one of the simplest .
Assembling the gauges was n't too difficult and is very enjoyable if you like to build things by yourself .
A very detailed documentation for each gauge is available on Simkits website , for best results you must follow such documentation strictly as indicated ( you know ... once you make an hole or glue something , you cannot use " Edit => Undo " or reset the flight !!! ) .
In case you prefer to receive everything assembled in factory , built and tested gauges , as well as the entire cockpit , are available at an additional cost .
The boxes of the wonders .
They contain all the gauges to assemble , the radios ( ready for use ) and a replica of Garmin 500 GPS ( ready for use as well ) .
I have received all the items just a few days after the order , everything was ready for immediate delivery .
I have really appreciated a so prompt delivery time , because in the world of flight simulation it is not uncommon to have to wait for weeks ( or months ) when you order special devices .
VINTAGE MD -80 FLIGHT SIMULATOR COCKPIT
My MD - 80 cockpit built from 1998 to 2002 .
February 2002 - I 'm working and improving my cockpit each day .
My final goal is to reproduce a MD - 80 EFIS / FMC as best as possible .
My current setup includes nine monitors , two for the main panel , one for the overhead panel , one for the FMC , and five for 180° full - screen outside view .
The server has an EPIC card inside , several commands are still given clicking with the mouse on the screens , but the flight guidance , the FMC and the TRC are hardware made and they resemble the real aircraft very closely .
As input peripherals , I 'm using high quality controls ( hydraulic Rudder Pedals by Flight Link , full - size Jetliner Yoke by Precision Flight Controls and professional throttle Ministudio Jet Console by SafeLine
Future upgrades include an hardware overhead panel and radio stack .
Furthermore , I would like to totally eliminate both the keyboard and the mouse , using only actual switches and buttons .
For the software , I 'm still using the excellent Microsoft Flight Simulator 98 on the server , Mad Dog by Rodolfo Arata .
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002 is used on the clients only , for scenery display .
I 've created a special version of WidevieW and designed compatible scenery on the 98's side in order to make the simulators compatible between them .
Hardware components are complex .
The server is an AMD Athlon at 1000 mhz with 256mb of SDRAM and three video boards : Matrox G450 Dual Head AGP and PCI capable of running a total of 6 monitors .
Two 17 " NEC FE700 monitors ( on the bottom of the picture ) at 1280x1024 are used for the primary instruments , while a 15 " LCD monitor by Likom ( 1024x768 ) is used for the overhead panel ( I 've had to use a LCD to save space and weight , as it is positioned over my head ) .
The FMC has a SVGA 5 inches green - phosphor monitor , like in the real thing .
The sound board is a Creative Sound Blaster LIVE with Four Point Surround .
Input peripherals are connected to the server , which is the computer where I actually fly .
My clients PCs are five , one for each outside view ( 17 " monitor at 1024x768 ) and are based on AMD K7 1800 + , Geforce 2MX graphic board , 256 mb of SDRAM , local 20 GB hard drive ( 7200 RPM ) , no floppy , no CD - ROM , no sound .
The computers are networked using regular $ 15 10 megabits network board and coax cable .
Some of them has dual network interface for Internet ( FS_METEO ) connection .
Copyright © by Luciano Napolitano - All Rights Reserved .
