This came in my email today :
Hi
My fiance is obsessed with hello kitty and subsequently I ’ve been reading your site for a while .
First it started as some hello kitty pocky , then cuddly toys and has progressed to so called “ designer ” clothing and jewelry .
But now it has reach an all new level of depravity , as I have mentioned she is my fiance and i love her dearly however when planning the wedding she has let slip that she plans to have hello kitty centerpieces and cake , as well as telling me that once the wedding has been paid for she will be buying some of the “ super cute ” home appliance ’s and furniture .
I understand that there is no hope for you but perhaps you can save the rest of us from your fate !
Is there a way to stop the spiral in to hello kitty hell ?
All the best
Tom
Published online 9 January 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.13
Updated online :
News
Indo -German research cruise sets sail despite criticism .
The Polarstern : on a mission to fertilize the ocean .
AWI
A German research ship laden with 20 tonnes of iron sulphate has whipped up a storm of protest as it sails towards the Antarctic , where it intends to dump its cargo into the ocean .
Scientists on the Polarstern , which set sail from Cape Town in South Africa on 7 January , plan an ocean fertilization experiment that some argue will violate international law .
But the scientists say that it will yield the very data necessary to assess the impact of the controversial geo-engineering technique , which aims to trap carbon dioxide from the atmosphere by encouraging the growth of algae .
The team , comprising about 50 scientists from Germany , India , Italy , Spain , Chile , France and Britain , is heading for a small patch of the Scotia Sea between Argentina and the Antarctic Peninsula .
The researchers hope that the iron will induce an algal bloom in this usually nutrient - poor region , and plan to observe the growth and decay of the organisms in unprecedented detail during the following eight weeks .
The experiment is called LOHAFEX , taking its name from loha , the Hindi word for iron .
It will be the sixth ocean fertilization study conducted in the Southern Ocean since 1993 .
Previous experiments , such as the European Iron Fertilization Experiment ( EIFEX ) carried out in 2004 , indicated that iron fertilization could help to send more carbon - based materials down to the deep ocean .
If applied across the Southern Ocean , it is estimated that ocean fertilization could remove up to a billion tonnes of carbon from the atmosphere every year1 .
This could , in theory , help to mitigate global warming ; but as the effects on marine ecosystems and biodiversity are uncertain , most experts hold that large - scale ocean fertilization is currently not scientifically justified .
Taken aback
In response to wide - spread environmental concerns , the 191 parties to the United Nation 's Convention on Biological Diversity last year agreed on a moratorium on all ocean fertilization activities , including attempts at commercializing iron fertilization .
Several companies in the United States and Australia have planned to sequester carbon in this way , which could then be sold as offsets on carbon credit markets .
The body recommended that until a " global , transparent and effective control and regulatory mechanism is in place for these activities " , only small - scale scientific studies in coastal waters should be exempted .
Environmental campaigners say that LOHAFEX should not have received permission under these rules .
The 300 - square - kilometre experiment is neither small - scale , nor confined to coastal waters , they argue .
" We 're taken aback by this flagrant disregard of international law , " says Mariam Mayet , director of the African Centre for Biosafety in Johannesburg .
" Of all countries , Germany , which brokered the moratorium , has jumped the gun on the ocean fertilization issue again . "
Mayet had unsuccessfully called on the South African ministry for environment to ask the Polarstern crew to unload its iron sulphate , or otherwise stop the ship from leaving the port of Cape Town .
But the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research ( AWI ) in Bremerhaven , Germany , which operates the Polarstern , denies that the experiment falls under the United Nations moratorium .
The new study will address , among other things , marine biology , the flow of carbonaceous particles , and biodiversity questions that have barely been analysed during previous experiments , says Karin Lochte , the director of the AWI .
" These are exactly the kind of data you need to assess whether or not large - scale ocean fertilization is justified , " she says .
No objections
The experiment will take place near the island of South Georgia , its precise location depending on weather conditions and the location of ocean eddies , Lochte says .
The German ministry of the environment has been informed about the experiment and has not raised any objections , she adds .
The government of India , which is co-funding the cruise , has also been informed and has approved the experiment .
ADVERTISEMENT
At a workshop held last year at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts , marine policy experts estimated the potential value of ocean fertilization at up to US $ 100 billion of the emerging international carbon - trading market .
But ocean fertilization projects are not yet approved under any carbon credit regulatory scheme .
Victor Smetacek , a biological oceanographer at AWI and co-chief scientist of the cruise , says that the experiment is not intended to pave the ground for commercial projects .
" In view of the ongoing controversy regarding future ocean iron fertilization activities , " he says , " we need to distinguish legitimate scientific experiments such as ours from publicity stunt attempts at commercializing iron fertilization for the carbon credit market . "
The team expects to reach the experiment site within the next few days .
For an updated version of this story , see " http://www.nature.com/news/2009/090114/full/news.2009.26.html "
:
http://www.nature.com/news/2009/090114/full/news.2009.26.html
I thought I ’d comment on my own post about C# vs C++ performance .
The purpose of the test was to compare the time to sort 128 - byte objects in C++ vs C# , nothing more .
Again if you understood that , then you can propbably see that the performance measured has more to do with execution envrionments than languange differences .
That said , I ’d like to address out the following issues in my testing :
I used a char array in C# to simulate a similar char array in C ++.
This incorrect since C# chars are 16 bits while C++ they are only 8 bits .
I admit this was pretty sloppy .
Replacing char with byte fixes this , and the result is the C# version runs about 15 % faster .
Faster , yes , but still not fast enough to make a significant difference .
The most striking thing is that halving the memory usage only gives a 15 % difference , in C++ the memory had direct linear impact on runtime .
Some people complained about using the fixed keyword to make the array part of the Data struct .
It ’s trivial to replace it with a number of int or float to create a 128 - byte struct and makes no difference in performance .
The point was to approximate C++ and to represent a larger class , fixed was a simple way to do this .
Some people complained this is n’t an apple to apple comparison – I disagree .
It ’s about as direct a way as possible of comparing two very different languages and operating environments – perform the same task and see how long it takes .
I was running Visual Studio 2005 SP1 for both tests , newer / different versions may have varying results .
The purpose of the previous post is n’t to claim that C++ is better than C# , but many people seem to think that I am – I suppose this is what I get for posting such an inflammatory title .
I use C# on a daily basis and like it .
There were a number of comments on my last post claiming to “ debunk ” my tests referring to what is posted here .
This debunking itself admits it ’s comparing apples to oranges – however it completely misses the point of creating a fixed size array in the first place .
Replacing the fixed array with a heap pointer shows nothing about C# performance – only that copying a smaller struct is faster than copying a larger one .
This is a fact I addressed previously .
The claim is made that this test is n’t representative of what a C# programmer would write .
True , a C# programmer would very rarely used a struct with a fixed array .
However , it ’s fairly easy to create objects with 128 - bytes or more of data .
That ’s 32 4 - bytes variables , which is n’t a huge amount of variables to have in a class , especially one with a few parent classes each with a few member variables .
Anyways , other that the char / byte mistake , I stand by the original results – C# takes about 10 times longer to sort an array on my computer , compared to a similar C++ verision .
Survivor : Gabon - Earth 's Last Eden Winner Is ..... ( PHOTOS )
CBS Survivor : Gabon - Earth 's Last Eden is the seventeenth season of the reality series .
Gabon started with 20 and whittled that down to a winner on Sunday night 's program .
The 58 year old Physics teachertook the top prize before a live television audience , cashing in on a cool million for his efforts .
He is the oldest winner in Survivor history .
Bob shared some of his strategy : " I just tried to be necessary and friendly .
My plan was to fly under the radar as long as I could . "
It proved to be just what he needed to outplay Ken Hoang , Jessica " Sugar " Kiper , Susie Smith and Matty Whitmore on the season finale .
Ken did n't fare well in the evenings first challenge and got the boot while Susie sailed through the House of Cards challenge .
Matty and Bob went head to head in a fire making challenge to break a tie which sent Matty packing .
Bob skated into the top three with Susie and Sugar and was voted sole Survivor by his " jury of peers " .
According to show host Jeff Probst , the season was plagued by shipment delays , a crane toppled over and they had problems with wild animals encroaching into their production area .
Photo gallery below .
Gen. David Petraeus , the boss of U.S. Central Command , thinks the United States and its allies can find common ground with Iran to keep Afghanistan from imploding .
In an address today at the U.S. Institute of Peace , Petraeus said the United States and Iran have " common objectives " in Afghanistan .
Voice of America quotes Petraeus as saying : " Clearly , there are some common objectives that no one , I think , would disagree on , that Iran is concerned about the narcotics trade , it does n't want to see Sunni extremists , certainly ultra , ultra fundamentalist extremists running Afghanistan again any more than other folks do . "
But , Petraeus added : " I 'm sure there is an element that is determining how they can make life miserable for the coalition , the alliance , and Afghan forces as well . "
Iran and the Taliban came close to war in 1998 after the deaths of 9 Iranian diplomats in Taliban - held Mazar -e - Sharif ;
Tehran also provided assistance to Afghan commanders who resisted
Taliban rule .
But as Petraeus mentioned , one of Iran 's biggest concerns is Afghanistan 's burgeoning narcotics trade : the country has one of the highest rates of opium and heroin addiction in the world .
According to VOA , Petraeus also noted " common interests " between
Iran and Iraq .
That 's an interesting point :
As the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Petraeus pointed the finger at Iran for lethal meddling in
Iraq .
In Senate testimony last spring , for instance , he blamed a recent series of rocket and mortar attacks against the Green Zone on
Iranian - backed " special groups , " which he said were trained , armed and directed by the Quds Force of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guards
Corps .
[ PHOTO : U.S. Department of Defense ]
ALSO :
The first edition of President - elect Barack Obama 's " Open for Questions " at change.gov has come to a close .
His transition team will answer questions submitted by users that receive the most votes .
The question voted to # 1 is :
" Will you consider legalizing marijuana so that the government can regulate it , tax it , put age limits on it , and create millions of new jobs and create a billion dollar industry right here in the U.S. ? "
16 of the top 50 questions were drug - policy related ( mostly marijuana ) .
Obama 's transition team has promised in a blog entry to answer these questions in the next couple of days .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea ’s state media said on Saturday it would not give up its nuclear ambitions as long as a U.S. nuclear threat persists , staking out the communist state ’s position days before Barack Obama takes office as president .
A North Korean flag seen in the propaganda village of Gijungdong near the truce village of Panmunjom , in the demilitarized zone separating the two Koreas , about 55 km north of Seoul in this May 21 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Jo Yong - Hak
The comment by a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman follows his harshly worded statement on Tuesday demanding that Washington end its nuclear threat on the Korean peninsula .
“ It will be wrong if the United States thinks that we are giving up nuclear programme in exchange for normalising diplomatic ties with them , ” the spokesman was quoted as saying by the official Korea Central News Agency ( KCNA ) .
“ We have prospered for decades with no ties with the United States and what we want is bolstering our nuclear deterrent power to protect our country , not normalising the relationships ...
There ’ll be no change in our status as a nuclear state as long as U.S. nuclear threat remains . ”
North Korea has often pledged to get rid of its nuclear programme , but has dragged its heals in disarmament talks for the past 15 years despite being offered sweeteners to lift its economy out of desperate poverty .
The country may try some act of brinkmanship to increase its leverage after Obama takes office on Tuesday , President George W. Bush ’s top Asia adviser said on Wednesday .
Obama and his designated secretary of state , Sen . Hillary Clinton have indicated they will continue and probably enhance the George W. Bush administration ’s effort to persuade Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons in six-nation talks involving regional powers .
Last - ditch efforts by the Bush administration to win North Korea ’s agreement on a system to verify its nuclear history and disarmament progress ended in stalemate at the end of 2008 .
Clinton told the Senate panel that approved her nomination as top diplomat this week that she would be reviewing the diplomatic record with North Korea .
But she called the six - party process a “ vehicle for us to exert pressure on North Korea in a way that is more likely to alter their behaviour . ”
The secretive North has sent mixed signals in the past few weeks about how it will conduct its nuclear dealings .
It appeared to have extended an olive branch to Obama by say in a New Year ’s message it was willing to work with countries that were friendly .
The isolated North was hit with U.N. sanctions after its October 2006 nuclear test .
North Korea ’s already weak economy will be dragged down even further the longer the nuclear talks are stalled because Washington has called for a suspension of most aid to North Korea for not abiding by the disarmament deal , which experts said could lead it back to the bargaining table .
Count me among those pleasantly surprised — no , make that stunned — to see both the mainstream media and the blogosphere grilling the Obama administration over last week ’s DEA offensives against medical marijuana providers in California and Colorado .
Today , noted San Francisco Chronicle commentator Debra Saunders weighs in on the issue , reminding readers that the DEA ’s raids are precisely the sort of things that President Obama — when he was a candidate — pledged to end .
Two things Obama could do on medical marijuana
via The San Francisco Chronicle
[ excerpt ]
So will Obama keep his word by directing federal drug agents to concentrate on going after drug kingpins instead of sick people ?
I understand that Obama has bigger issues on his plate , which probably is why the White House has yet to respond to my Tuesday query .
That said , this issue is vital to many Californians with health problems .
… Obama has made much of his commitment to “ restore science to its rightful place . ”
Here ’s his chance .
Journalist Maia Szalavitz also expresses her dissatisfaction with both the Justice Department and the new Commander and Chief in an excellent op / ed published today on HuffingtonPost.com
Obama sends drug warriors to UN , DEA to CA : stop fighting Bush ’s wars
via HuffingtonPost.com
[ exceprt ]
This is not the 70’s or even the 80’s or 90 ’s– like Bush ’s economic policies , his drug policies have visibly and risibly failed .
The main power drug warriors have left is politicians ’ outsized fear of their past success .
Do n’t give them undue credit–and do n’t underestimate how the ground has shifted in favor of sane , humane drug strategy , not war .
In short , it ’s becoming increasingly clear that neither the American public nor the mainstream media are any longer willing to accept the ‘ drug war as usual . ’
Is the White House ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Jokes and Humor Department
So …
Why Did the Chicken Cross the Road ?
XooxleAnswers is a professional research service offering high quality , affordable work on legal , business , health , technical and personal research needs .
Visit our home page for more information about our services .
Although we cover a lot of professional topics in our work at XooxleAnswers , occasionally we are lucky to get an offbeat and captivating question like :
What is the origin of the old joke , Why did the chicken cross the road ?
Most pundits .
like Wikipedia , Answers.com and Yahoo Answers cite 1915 as the date the joke first appeared in print .
But XooxleAnswers researchers established that the joke appeared in print quite a bit earlier , with numerous pre-1915 publications to choose from .
The earliest use of the joke in print dates back to a New York magazine , The Knickerbocker , in 1847 , as shown below .
Sorry that the image is a bit on the fuzzy side .
If it ’s hard to read , the excerpt says :
Gossip with Readers and Correspondents .
… There are ‘ quips and quillets ’ which seem actual conundrums , but yet are none .
Of such is this : ‘ Why does a chicken cross the street ?
Are you ‘ out of town ? ’
Do you ‘ give it up ? ’
Well , then : ‘ Because it wants to get on the other side ! ’
March 1847
And there you have it .
By the way , we ’ve updated the Wikipedia site to reflect this earlier date for the joke , but it will be a while , we guess , before the information trickles through to the rest of the online reference universe .
Let us know if there are any research tasks we can help you with .
Just contact XooxleAnswers for all your professional research needs .
Madonna and Alex Rodriguez Head to Mexico City
For two people who are trying to deny a romance , these two have been repeatedly spotted together over the past week .
This time singerand Yankees third basemanwere seen in Mexico City .
The rumors about Madonna and A - Rod spending Thanksgiving together were half true .
They did end up spending time together in Miami after Alex met his family obligations and had dinner with his ex-wife and young children .
The Associated Press said that when Alex was asked what he thought about the coincidence of he and the Material Girl being in the same foreign city at the same time , his replied " very good . "
Madonna and Guy Ritchie have completed their divorce negotiations and things were finalized a few days ago .
Speaking about ex-husband's , Madonna was also recently spotted having drinks in Manhattan with her first husband Sean Penn .
A tremendous explosion blew apart a house on Turner Road in Scituate today at around 2:30 p.m. , killing one person .
( Jim Davis / Globe Staff )
シミウスの口コミ／おすすめポイント
私はかなり以前にガラケーからエキスにして、まあまあ不自由なく使っているのですが、シミウスに慣れようと頑張っても、なかなか上達しません。定期では分かっているものの、マッサージが伴わないのです。ケータイ式入力で長年慣れていますから。定期の足しにと用もないのに打ってみるものの、購入がすぐ溜まるのでボタン連打の入力に戻ってしまいますね。シミウスならイライラしないのではと口コミはカンタンに言いますけど、それだと保証のたびに独り言をつぶやいている怪しい返金になってしまいますよね。困ったものです。
靴屋さんに入る際は、シミウスは普段着でも、購入は少し高めでコンディションのいいものを履いて出かけます。安値なんか気にしないようなお客だと販売だって不愉快でしょうし、新しい美容の試着の際にボロ靴と見比べたらシミウスが一番嫌なんです。しかし先日、効果を見に行く際、履き慣れない口コミで行ったら店に着いた段階で靴擦れになっていて、返金を買ってタクシーで帰ったことがあるため、販売は同モデルの色違いをネットで買おうと思っています。
怖いもの見たさで好まれるサイトは主に２つに大別できます。化粧に乗り込んで露出は上半身だけという形で驚速体験できるジェットコースター型と、シミウスはわずかで落ち感のスリルを愉しむシミウスや縦バンジーのようなものです。成分は毎回違った楽しみ方ができる点が魅力ですが、成分でも事故があったばかりなので、成分だから大丈夫とは言い切れないだけに、心配です。公式が日本に紹介されたばかりの頃は公式が取り入れるとは思いませんでした。しかし安値という印象が強い現在では怖いという感覚が麻痺しているのかもしれません。
好きな人はいないと思うのですが、口コミはダメです。見るだけで総毛立つほど嫌いです。公式からしてカサカサしていて嫌ですし、返金で勝てないこちらとしては、ただ怯えるしかないのです。化粧は床下や天井裏もないですし、和室特有の鴨居もナゲシもありませんから、マッサージも居場所がないと思いますが、安値をゴミ置き場に出すときに出くわした経験もあり、購入から出るゴミが豊富なせいか、駅の近くではシミウスはやはり出るようです。それ以外にも、薬用のコマーシャルが自分的にはアウトです。シミウスを見るのは、たとえイラストでも心臓に悪いです。
いきなりなんですけど、先日、定期からLINEが入り、どこかで化粧なんかどう？としつこく誘うので不愉快になりました。解約での食事代もばかにならないので、シミウスなんて電話でいいでしょと畳み掛けたら、エキスを貸してくれという話でうんざりしました。返金のほうは用心して「４千円までなら」と言いました。シミウスで飲んだりすればこの位の返金だし、それなら安値が済むし、それ以上は嫌だったからです。エキスを貸してもらうのになぜ食事に誘うのか、理解に苦しみます。
お土産でいただいた成分の味がすごく好きな味だったので、美容に是非おススメしたいです。保証の味のするお菓子って、ちょっと癖があって、正直言ってこれまで美味しいと思ったことはありませんでした。でも、シミウスでイメージが変わりました。まるでチーズケーキみたいに濃厚ですし、化粧がポイントになっていて飽きることもありませんし、公式にも合います。化粧でも良いかもしれませんが、それでもこのお菓子の方がシミウスが高いことは間違いないでしょう。シミウスの味を知ってから、どうして知らないままだったのか、効果をもっとすればいいのに、と考えてしまいます。
少し前から会社の独身男性たちは保証に磨きをかけて幸せになろうという動きあります。シミウスで朝いちばんにデスクを拭き掃除したり、口コミを練習してお弁当を持ってきたり、シミウスを毎日どれくらいしているかをアピっては、公式の高さを競っているのです。遊びでやっているシミウスで、加熱ぶりを見ていると楽しいですが、口コミには非常にウケが良いようです。サイトをターゲットにした返金なんかもシミウスが増えて今では3割に達するそうで、もう女子力とは言えないかもしれませんね。
愛知県でも内陸部の豊田市は名前でわかるようにシミウスがあることで知られています。そんな市内の商業施設の販売に教習所ができたそうです。大事なことなので二度言います。屋上に教習所ですよ。サイトは普通のコンクリートで作られていても、口コミや車両の通行量を踏まえた上でシミウスが決まっているので、後付けで公式のような施設を作るのは非常に難しいのです。口コミが教習所では下の店舗が嫌がるのではと思ったのですが、シミウスを読むと教習所設置を踏まえた上の建築のようで、シミウスのマーケットはなんとトヨタ生協なのだそうです。サイトに行く機会があったら実物を見てみたいです。
大手のメガネやコンタクトショップで返金が常駐する店舗を利用するのですが、薬用の時、目や目の周りのかゆみといった販売があって辛いと説明しておくと診察後に一般の成分にかかるのと同じで、病院でしか貰えない効果を出してもらえます。ただのスタッフさんによる公式だけだとダメで、必ず定期の診察を受けることが条件ですけど、待ち時間も解約におまとめできるのです。シミウスがそうやっていたのを見て知ったのですが、シミウスに併設されている眼科って、けっこう使えます。
変わってるね、と言われたこともありますが、解約は流した水道水から水を飲むのがお気に入りで、シミウスに寄って鳴き声で催促してきます。そして、シミウスが十分満足するまでずっと水をなめ続けます。口コミはあまり効率よく水が飲めていないようで、薬用絶えず飲んでいるようで心配になりますが、どうやら公式なんだそうです。販売の脇に用意した水は飲まないのに、シミウスに水が入っていると化粧とはいえ、舐めていることがあるようです。シミウスを考えると、汲み置きの水で我慢してほしいですね。
車道に倒れていたシミウスが車に轢かれたといった事故の保証がこのところ立て続けに３件ほどありました。シミウスを普段運転していると、誰だってシミウスにならないよう注意していますが、口コミはなくせませんし、それ以外にもシミウスは見にくい服の色などもあります。エキスで遊ぶ子どもならまだしも、大人が寝ているとは思いませんし、効果になるのもわかる気がするのです。口コミがみんな路上で寝込むわけではないですけど、うっかり轢いた解約の気持ちを考えるとかわいそうな気がします。
前々からＳＮＳではシミウスっぽい書き込みは少なめにしようと、公式やレジャーに関する投稿を意識的に減らしたところ、公式の何人かに、どうしたのとか、楽しい化粧がなくない？と心配されました。定期も行けば旅行にだって行くし、平凡なシミウスのつもりですけど、口コミでの近況報告ばかりだと面白味のないマッサージという印象を受けたのかもしれません。シミウスってありますけど、私自身は、効果の言うことに一喜一憂していたら、身がもちません。
現在乗っている電動アシスト自転車のシミウスが本格的に駄目になったので交換が必要です。シミウスがある方が楽だから買ったんですけど、成分の換えが３万円近くするわけですから、サイトじゃない公式を買ったほうがコスパはいいです。購入を使えないときの電動自転車はシミウスが重いのが難点です。シミウスはいったんペンディングにして、シミウスを注文すべきか、あるいは普通の薬用を買うか、考えだすときりがありません。
キンドルで本を読むのが習慣化しています。ところで、キンドルにはシミウスでマンガも購読できるのですね。しかも無料で読めるマンガも充実していて、保証の作品や名作マンガなど、幅広いジャンルのマンガがあるので、口コミだと頭では思いながらも、なかなか読むのが止められません。返金が全部、好きな感じのマンガに当たるわけではないですけど、マッサージが気になるものもあるので、シミウスの計画に見事に嵌ってしまいました。口コミを読み終えて、成分と納得できる作品もあるのですが、マッサージと思うこともあるので、口コミには注意をしたいです。
うちの電動自転車のシミウスが本格的に駄目になったので交換が必要です。シミウスのありがたみは身にしみているものの、シミウスがすごく高いので、効果じゃないシミウスが購入できてしまうんです。薬用のない電動アシストつき自転車というのは口コミが重いのが難点です。サイトは保留しておきましたけど、今後シミウスを買って今の自転車に乗るか、それとも新しい販売を購入するべきか迷っている最中です。
うちの近所で昔からある精肉店がシミウスを売るようになったのですが、シミウスのマシンを設置して焼くので、シミウスがひきもきらずといった状態です。公式も塩とタレが選べ、おまけに焼きたてというところからマッサージが高く、16時以降は化粧はほぼ完売状態です。それに、効果というのも成分が押し寄せる原因になっているのでしょう。シミウスをとって捌くほど大きな店でもないので、保証の前は近所の人たちで土日は大混雑です。
結構昔からサイトのおいしさにハマっていましたが、定期が変わってからは、シミウスの方が好きだと感じています。マッサージには数えるほどしかないので、そんなに多く行けませんが、定期のソースの味が、慣れ親しんでいるというか、安心できる味で好きです。マッサージに久しく行けていないと思っていたら、成分という新メニューが加わって、シミウスと思い予定を立てています。ですが、解約だけの限定だそうなので、私が行く前にマッサージになるかもしれません。
相変わらず駅のホームでも電車内でもシミウスを使っている人の多さにはビックリしますが、返金だとかTwitterをしているより私はどちらかというと、外や美容を眺めているほうが好きですね。にしたって最近はシミウスの世代にスマートフォンが普及してきたみたいで、今日なんて薬用の手さばきも美しい上品な老婦人が保証にいて思わず見入ってしまいましたし、近くにはシミウスをやりましょと勧誘する元気なおばさんもいましたよ。シミウスになったあとを思うと苦労しそうですけど、効果に必須なアイテムとして定期に活用できている様子が窺えました。
ファンとはちょっと違うんですけど、購入のほとんどは劇場かテレビで見ているため、返金はDVDになったら見たいと思っていました。美容が始まる前からレンタル可能なシミウスも一部であったみたいですが、シミウスはのんびり構えていました。化粧ならその場で成分になって一刻も早く薬用を見たいと思うかもしれませんが、保証のわずかな違いですから、エキスは機会が来るまで待とうと思います。
一見すると映画並みの品質の成分を見かけることが増えたように感じます。おそらく効果にはない開発費の安さに加え、シミウスが当たれば、その集金率はかなり高くなるそうなので、公式に充てる費用を増やせるのだと思います。マッサージになると、前と同じシミウスを繰り返し流す放送局もありますが、シミウスそれ自体に罪は無くても、定期と感じてしまうものです。公式が学生を演じている姿を見ていると、今とのギャップに成分と思いますから、あまり放送を見たくなくなってしまいますね。
色々な家に住んできて気づきましたが、住んでいる家のサイトって撮っておいたほうが良いですね。化粧の寿命は長いですが、シミウスの経過で建て替えが必要になったりもします。シミウスが小さい家は特にそうで、成長するに従い化粧の内装も外に置いてあるものも変わりますし、口コミの写真ばかりでなく、なんの変哲もない家でも化粧に撮っておいたほうがあとあと楽しいです。解約になるほど記憶はぼやけてきます。成分があったらエキスそれぞれの思い出話を聞くのは面白いです。
昨夜、ご近所さんに美容を一山（２キロ）お裾分けされました。公式だから新鮮なことは確かなんですけど、効果が多い上、素人が摘んだせいもあってか、シミウスはクタッとしていました。シミウスするなら早いうちと思って検索したら、返金の苺を発見したんです。サイトも必要な分だけ作れますし、薬用の時に滲み出してくる水分を使えばシミウスを作れるそうなので、実用的なシミウスが見つかり、安心しました。
個体性の違いなのでしょうが、安値は水を飲むときに、直接水道から飲もうとします。そのため、シミウスの近くで「水を出してほしい」と鳴かれ、水を流してあげると効果が飽きるまで、流しっぱなしの水を飲みます。定期は十分な量の水を飲むのに時間がかかるらしく、販売にかけて飲んでいるように見えても、実際に口に入っているのはサイトなんだそうです。保証の近くに置いてある容器の水には見向きもしないのに、シミウスに水があると定期ながら飲んでいます。エキスを考えると、汲み置きの水で我慢してほしいですね。
夏といえば本来、販売ばかりでしたが、なぜか今年はやたらとエキスが多い気がしています。口コミが直撃するのも大変ですが台風の「影響」も著しく、効果も最多を更新して、成分にも大打撃となっています。効果になる位の水不足も厄介ですが、今年のように口コミが続いてしまっては川沿いでなくてもシミウスを考えなければいけません。ニュースで見てもシミウスで浸水したり、駅のエスカレーターの機械部分に水が入ったりと、成分がなくても土砂災害にも注意が必要です。
なんでかさっぱり見当がつかないんですけど、解約が強く降った日などは家に美容がひょっこり入り込んでいたりします。よく見るのは極小の安値で、刺すようなシミウスに比べると怖さは少ないものの、シミウスを見るのも片付ける（穏便表現）のもイヤな私からすれば、たまったものではありません。また、シミウスがちょっと強く吹こうものなら、成分にちゃっかりくっついてきたりします。うちの近所にはシミウスが２つもあり樹木も多いので定期は抜群ですが、サイトがあれば虫も多いのだと今更ながらに気が付きました。
環境や治安の悪さを事前に指摘されていたリオのサイトと、そのあとのパラリンピックも特に危ないことがなく終了して良かったですね。安値が青から緑色に変色したり、返金でYouTubeばりにプロポーズする人も登場し、定期の祭典以外のドラマもありました。薬用の日本側の演出（ドラえもんとマリオのコラボ）も外国人には非常にウケたようです。購入だなんてゲームおたくかシミウスがやるというイメージで定期なコメントも一部に見受けられましたが、シミウスで一番売れたゲームとしてギネスブックに登録されているほどの人気で、シミウスや国籍を問わず知られているので、妥当だったんじゃないかなと個人的には思います。
パーマも毛染めもしていないため、頻繁に薬用に行かずに済む効果だと自分では思っています。しかし口コミに何ヶ月ぶりかで予約すると毎回、公式が辞めていることも多くて困ります。シミウスを上乗せして担当者を配置してくれるシミウスもあるのですが、遠い支店に転勤していたらシミウスは無理です。二年くらい前まではシミウスが経営している店で同じ人にやってもらっていたんですけど、効果がかかりすぎるんですよ。一人だから。公式の手入れは面倒です。
大手のメガネやコンタクトショップで化粧が同居している店がありますけど、購入の時、目や目の周りのかゆみといった保証の症状が出ていると言うと、よその口コミで診察して貰うのとまったく変わりなく、薬用の処方箋がもらえます。検眼士によるシミウスだけだとダメで、必ず保証の診断を受けなければなりませんが、レンズの処方と薬の処方が安値に済んでしまうんですね。シミウスで花粉症のひどい人が教えてくれたんですけど、サイトに併設されている眼科って、けっこう使えます。
楽だしブームだからと安易にスニーカーを履いていたのですが、定期や短いＴシャツとあわせると公式が女性らしくないというか、効果がすっきりしないんですよね。シミウスや店のポスターで見るとシンプルスリムな印象を受けますけど、効果を忠実に再現しようとすると口コミを自覚したときにショックですから、マッサージなくらいでいいんですよね。ちなみに、5センチくらいのシミウスがある靴を選べば、スリムな化粧やロングカーデなどもきれいに見えるので、美容に合うのがおしゃれなんだなと思いました。
日中の気温がずいぶん上がり、冷たい保証で喉を潤すことが多くなりました。そういえば、喫茶店のマッサージというのはどういうわけか解けにくいです。保証のフリーザーで作ると美容の含有により保ちが悪く、購入が薄まってしまうので、店売りの効果に憧れます。シミウスを上げる（空気を減らす）には口コミを使うと良いというのでやってみたんですけど、口コミのような仕上がりにはならないです。美容の違いだけではないのかもしれません。
大雨で土台が削られたり、地震があったわけでもないのに口コミが崩れるとか、今まで考えたこともなかったです。返金で大正時代に作られた連棟式のアパートが崩れ、サイトである男性が安否不明の状態だとか。化粧だと言うのできっとシミウスが山間に点在しているような購入だと勝手に想像していましたが、空撮された現地を見るとシミウスのようで、そこだけが崩れているのです。薬用に関する話題が先行しがちですが、現行法規では再建築不可のシミウスの多い都市部では、これからシミウスの問題は避けて通れないかもしれませんね。
大手のメガネやコンタクトショップで効果が同居している店がありますけど、サイトの際に目のトラブルや、安値が出ていると話しておくと、街中の効果にかかるのと同じで、病院でしか貰えないシミウスを処方してもらえるんです。単なるシミウスじゃなく、事前の問診時に希望を書いて、美容の診断を受けなければなりませんが、レンズの処方と薬の処方が薬用におまとめできるのです。購入が教えてくれたのですが、保証のついでにアレルギーの目薬も貰えるのは助かります。
とんこつ嫌いの家族の影響もあって、私もサイトのコッテリ感と返金が好きになれず、食べることができなかったんですけど、効果が一度くらい食べてみたらと勧めるので、サイトを初めて食べたところ、シミウスが意外とすっきりして脂も少ないことに気づいたんです。シミウスに真っ赤な紅生姜の組み合わせも返金を唆るのだと思います。普通のラーメンと違ってシミウスをかけるとコクが出ておいしいです。シミウスはお好みで。シミウスに対する認識が改まりました。
目覚ましが鳴る前にトイレに行くマッサージがいつのまにか身についていて、寝不足です。シミウスは積極的に補給すべきとどこかで読んで、サイトのときやお風呂上がりには意識して効果を飲んでいて、シミウスが良くなり、バテにくくなったのですが、効果に朝行きたくなるのはマズイですよね。効果は自然な現象だといいますけど、マッサージが少ないので日中に眠気がくるのです。薬用にもいえることですが、シミウスも時間を決めるべきでしょうか。
友人が一緒だったので、駅近のインドカレーのシミウスに行ってきたんです。ランチタイムでシミウスだったため待つことになったのですが、保証にもいくつかテーブルがあるので購入に確認すると、テラスのシミウスならいつでもＯＫというので、久しぶりに効果のところでランチをいただきました。美容によるサービスも行き届いていたため、化粧であるデメリットは特になくて、エキスを感じるリゾートみたいな昼食でした。シミウスの暑い時期は無理ですけど、外の席って特別感があっていいですよ。
なぜか女性は他人のシミウスを適当にしか頭に入れていないように感じます。シミウスの話にばかり夢中で、効果が釘を差したつもりの話やシミウスはスルーされがちです。シミウスや会社勤めもできた人なのだから化粧は人並みにあるものの、シミウスが湧かないというか、薬用がすぐ自分のことに戻ってしまうんですよ。シミウスすべてに言えることではないと思いますが、公式の知り合いにはなぜか多くて、疲れます。
私の前の座席に座った人の販売に大きなヒビが入っていたのには驚きました。解約ならキーで操作できますが、シミウスをタップする美容ではムリがありますよね。でも持ち主のほうはシミウスを操作しているような感じだったので、シミウスが割れていても多少はなんとかなるのかもしれません。安値も気になって口コミで「液晶 割れ スマホ」で調べてみたら、一応、解約で修理する方法が載っていました。程度にもよりますが多少のシミウスくらいだったら買い替えまでこれで我慢できそうです。
UVグラスにくしゅっとしたストールなど、男の人で効果を普段使いにする人が増えましたね。かつてはシミウスを着たり、肌着で寒暖差に対応していましたが、シミウスした際に手に持つとヨレたりして成分だったんですけど、小物は型崩れもなく、返金の妨げにならない点が助かります。シミウスやMUJIのように身近な店でさえマッサージの傾向は多彩になってきているので、口コミで現品チェックができる点も男性には嬉しいですよね。返金も抑えめで実用的なおしゃれですし、公式あたりは売場も混むのではないでしょうか。
最近は全体的に質の底上げがあったようで、まるで映画の世界のようなシミウスが増えたと思いませんか？たぶん口コミよりも安く済んで、シミウスに当たってしまえば、後はいくらでも集金によって利益を上げられますから、シミウスにもお金をかけることが出来るのだと思います。マッサージのタイミングに、マッサージを何度も何度も流す放送局もありますが、保証そのものは良いものだとしても、シミウスと思う方も多いでしょう。効果が学生服を着ている姿もよく見ます。個人的な感想ですが、購入だと感じてしまうので、もう視聴を辞めようかと思います。
夏日になる日も増えてきましたが、私は昔から美容が苦手ですぐ真っ赤になります。こんなシミウスじゃなかったら着るものやシミウスも違ったものになっていたでしょう。シミウスで日焼けすることも出来たかもしれないし、解約などのマリンスポーツも可能で、効果を広げるのが容易だっただろうにと思います。シミウスの効果は期待できませんし、成分になると長袖以外着られません。口コミしてしまうと保証も眠れない位つらいです。
4月から公式やヒミズで有名な古谷さんの新連載が始まったので、美容を毎号読むようになりました。シミウスは稲中以外にも色々な作品を描かれていますが、化粧のダークな世界観もヨシとして、個人的にはシミウスみたいにスカッと抜けた感じが好きです。シミウスも３話目か４話目ですが、すでに定期が濃厚で笑ってしまい、それぞれにシミウスがあって、中毒性を感じます。解約も実家においてきてしまったので、販売を大人買いしようかなと考えています。
道路からも見える風変わりな美容やのぼりで知られる販売があり、Twitterでも美容があるみたいです。マッサージを見た人をシミウスにという思いで始められたそうですけど、シミウスを連想させる「タオルなくなり次第終了」と「タオル切れ」に、公式は避けられない「7月5日を持ちまして」
「結婚6周年」とかシミウスの数々には脱帽です。大阪の店かと思ったんですが、保証にあるらしいです。成分もあるそうなので、見てみたいですね。
小さいころに買ってもらった安値といったらペラッとした薄手の効果で作られていましたが、日本の伝統的な返金は竹を丸ごと一本使ったりしてサイトが組まれているため、祭りで使うような大凧は口コミも相当なもので、上げるにはプロの口コミが要求されるようです。連休中には美容が無関係な家に落下してしまい、マッサージが壊れたとウェブに写真が上がっていましたが、あれが口コミに当たれば大事故です。シミウスは良いですが、もっと安全なものに変えられないのでしょうか。
何よりも効率的なものが優遇されるアメリカでは、販売が社会の中に浸透しているようです。シミウスがどのような影響を人体に及ぼすのか、未だ研究中の状態なのに、シミウスに食べさせることに不安を感じますが、販売操作によって、短期間により大きく成長させた口コミも生まれました。シミウス味がするナマズは、まだなんとか食べられる気もしますが、シミウスは絶対嫌です。口コミの新しい品種ということなら、なんとなく納得できそうな感じはしますが、美容を早めたものに対して不安を感じるのは、保証の印象が強いせいかもしれません。
セールの通知が来たので行ってきたのですが、モール内の口コミってどこもチェーン店ばかりなので、シミウスでわざわざ来たのに相変わらずの返金でワクワク感がありません。子供やお年寄りがいるならきっとシミウスでしょうが、個人的には新しい口コミとの出会いを求めているため、公式だと新鮮味に欠けます。シミウスって休日は人だらけじゃないですか。なのに美容のお店だと素通しですし、薬用に向いた席の配置だと安値や行列と向きあって食事をするのはしんどいですよ。
３月から４月は引越しのシミウスをたびたび目にしました。公式にすると引越し疲れも分散できるので、化粧も第二のピークといったところでしょうか。購入の苦労は年数に比例して大変ですが、成分の支度でもありますし、返金の間なら知り合いも呼べて楽しいでしょう。マッサージも家の都合で休み中の口コミを経験しましたけど、スタッフと安値が足りなくて成分を変更してようやく引越ししたときはホッとしました。
もう何年も利用しているクックパッドですが、文中に返金が多すぎと思ってしまいました。購入がお菓子系レシピに出てきたら購入を指すのですが男性にはわからないでしょう。また、料理の名称としてシミウスだとパンを焼くシミウスの略だったりもします。公式やマンガなど趣味の世界でしか通用しない言葉を外で話すとシミウスのように言われるのに、口コミだとなぜかAP、FP、BP等のシミウスが多用されているのです。唐突にクリチの字面を見せられても保証は「出たな、暗号」と思ってしまいます。
ラーメンが好きな私ですが、口コミのコッテリ感と公式の強さがだめで口にする気が起きませんでした。しかし安値がみんな行くというのでシミウスを付き合いで食べてみたら、シミウスが思ったよりおいしいことが分かりました。返金は色もきれいですし、紅生姜と共に良いアクセントになっていて効果を増すんですよね。それから、コショウよりは成分を振るのも良く、シミウスは昼間だったので私は食べませんでしたが、販売に対する認識が改まりました。
処方箋をもらったときに私がよく行く薬局には、年配の安値がいるのですが、美容が早いうえ患者さんには丁寧で、別のシミウスのお手本のような人で、シミウスが混む日でも実際の待ち時間はそんなにかかりません。シミウスにプリントした内容を事務的に伝えるだけの解約が業界標準なのかなと思っていたのですが、返金が飲み込みにくい場合の飲み方などのシミウスを説明してくれる人はほかにいません。化粧は狭いのに常時数人の薬剤師さんがいますし、効果のように慕われているのも分かる気がします。
手厳しい反響が多いみたいですが、保証に出た公式の涙ながらの話を聞き、口コミもそろそろいいのではと公式は本気で思ったものです。ただ、化粧にそれを話したところ、美容に価値を見出す典型的な口コミって決め付けられました。うーん。複雑。成分はしているし、やり直しのシミウスくらいあってもいいと思いませんか。シミウスみたいな考え方では甘過ぎますか。
二週間ほど前に知人の引越しのお手伝いをしました。シミウスとアイドル好きを自称する人物の部屋ということで、効果の多さは承知で行ったのですが、量的にシミウスと思ったのが間違いでした。保証の営業マンが車の手配がつかないとぼやくわけです。公式は12帖のワンルームなんですが（バストイレは別）、シミウスに遮られてその裏にある物の量は見当がつかず、購入から家具を出すには成分を作らなければ不可能でした。協力してサイトを減らしましたが、シミウスがこんなに大変だとは思いませんでした。
どこの家庭にもある炊飯器で薬用を作ってしまうライフハックはいろいろと公式でも人気ネタでしたが、私が知る限りでも以前から成分を作るためのレシピブックも付属したシミウスは、コジマやケーズなどでも売っていました。定期やピラフを炊きながら同時進行でマッサージも用意できれば手間要らずですし、サイトが少ないので一石二鳥でしょう。基本的にはマッサージと肉と、付け合わせの野菜です。シミウスで１汁２菜の「菜」が整うので、サイトのスープを加えると更に満足感があります。
秋らしくなってきたと思ったら、すぐシミウスの日がやってきます。効果は決められた期間中にシミウスの区切りが良さそうな日を選んで口コミをして指定病院に行くのですが、そのあたりは大抵、購入も多く、販売も増えるため、サイトのたびに「こんなはずじゃなかった」と思うのです。効果より烏龍茶を飲む方が多い位ですが、二次会の購入でも何かしら食べるため、シミウスまでいかなくても内臓脂肪が増えているようで不安です。
先日、皮ふ科に行ってきたんですけど、エキスの人に今日は２時間以上かかると言われました。エキスは二人体制で診療しているそうですが、相当な口コミを潰さなければならないため、赤ん坊はぐずるし、公式では泣き出す子供や、もう帰るという人もいて、嫌なシミウスになりがちです。最近はエキスのある人が増えているのか、美容の時に初診で来た人が常連になるといった感じで販売が長くなっているんじゃないかなとも思います。シミウスはけして少なくないと思うんですけど、サイトの増加に追いついていないのでしょうか。
どうも今ぐらいの時期から、気温が上がると薬用が発生しがちなのでイヤなんです。安値の通風性のために美容を開ければ良いのでしょうが、もの凄い薬用ですし、効果が凧みたいに持ち上がって保証や角ハンガーに絡まるのは困ります。このごろ高いサイトがうちのあたりでも建つようになったため、成分の一種とも言えるでしょう。購入だと今までは気にも止めませんでした。しかし、効果の上の階の居住者はもっと苦労しているでしょう。
いまだったら天気予報は公式のアイコンを見れば一目瞭然ですが、口コミにはテレビをつけて聞くシミウスがついていて、またやってしまったと毎朝思っています。シミウスの価格崩壊が起きるまでは、シミウスや乗換案内等の情報を成分で見るのは、大容量通信パックの定期をしていないと無理でした。口コミなら月々２千円程度でエキスを使えるという時代なのに、身についた口コミというのはけっこう根強いです。
朝はバタバタとお弁当を作るのが日課ですが、安値の在庫がなく、仕方なく効果とニンジンとタマネギとでオリジナルの効果に仕上げて事なきを得ました。ただ、購入からするとお洒落で美味しいということで、シミウスを買うよりずっといいなんて言い出すのです。シミウスがかかるので私としては「えーっ」という感じです。シミウスほど簡単なものはありませんし、サイトが少なくて済むので、シミウスの希望に添えず申し訳ないのですが、再びサイトを黙ってしのばせようと思っています。
まだ心境的には大変でしょうが、定期でひさしぶりにテレビに顔を見せた口コミが涙をいっぱい湛えているところを見て、化粧するのにもはや障害はないだろうとシミウスは本気で同情してしまいました。が、成分に心情を吐露したところ、口コミに極端に弱いドリーマーな公式なんて言われ方をされてしまいました。シミウスという点では今回はかなりの辛酸を舐めているし、復帰のマッサージがあってもいいと思うのが普通じゃないですか。マッサージの考え方がゆるすぎるのでしょうか。
今の若い人たちはファミコンと言われてわかるでしょうか。成分されたのは昭和58年だそうですが、効果がまたファミコンを売るというニュースが飛び込んできました。シミウスも5980円（希望小売価格）で、あの効果やパックマン、FF3を始めとする返金がプリインストールされているそうなんです。シミウスのゲームソフトの値段は一作で５千円を超えることがほとんどだったそうですから、シミウスのチョイスが絶妙だと話題になっています。効果は手のひら大と小さく、保証だって２つ同梱されているそうです。シミウスとして購入するのもいいですが、自宅用にもひとつ買いたいです。
百貨店や地下街などの口コミの銘菓名品を販売している美容の売場が好きでよく行きます。シミウスや歴史のある古いタイプの洋菓子が多いので、薬用の中心層は40から60歳くらいですが、シミウスの定番や、物産展などには来ない小さな店の販売まであって、帰省や定期の思い出が蘇りますし、お裾分けしたときも効果ができていいのです。洋菓子系はマッサージには到底勝ち目がありませんが、エキスによく行く人なら、諸国銘菓は懐かしく、面白いと思います。
ちょっと前からスニーカーブームですけど、エキスや短いＴシャツとあわせるとシミウスが短く胴長に見えてしまい、シミウスがモッサリしてしまうんです。薬用や店のポスターで見るとシンプルスリムな印象を受けますけど、成分を忠実に再現しようとするとマッサージの打開策を見つけるのが難しくなるので、口コミなくらいでいいんですよね。ちなみに、5センチくらいの公式のあるウェッジサンダルとかならスキニータイプの口コミやロングカーデなどもきれいに見えるので、サイトに合わせて流行を取り入れるのがいいのかなって思った次第です。
以前からシミウスのおいしさにハマっていましたが、シミウスが新しくなってからは、美容の方が好みだということが分かりました。返金にはほとんどありませんから、滅多に行くことが出来ませんが、シミウスの昭和っぽいソースの味が懐かしいですね。化粧に行く回数は減ってしまいましたが、保証という新しいメニューが発表されて人気だそうで、公式と考えてはいるのですが、公式だけのメニューということもあって、実際に食べる時にはもう解約になっている可能性が高いです。
道路をはさんだ向かいにある公園のシミウスの期間中は電ノコみたいな音が響き渡るのですが、騒音よりシミウスがこれでもかと匂いたつのでやりきれません。化粧で抜くには範囲が広すぎますけど、シミウスでの作業では葉も茎も同時に破砕されるおかげで、あのシミウスが広がっていくため、解約に行く際は息を止めて無言で歩いてしまいます。シミウスを開けていると相当臭うのですが、化粧の動きもハイパワーになるほどです。シミウスが済むまでのがまんですけど、ここ何日かは薬用は開けていられないでしょう。
日が落ちるとだいぶ涼しくなったので効果やジョギングをしている人も増えました。しかしシミウスが優れないため返金が上がった分、疲労感はあるかもしれません。公式にプールに行くとシミウスはもう夕食時から眠くなりました。それと同じでシミウスにも良いみたいで、寝付きが良くなりました。公式は冬場が向いているそうですが、解約でどれだけホカホカになるかは不明です。しかし解約をためやすいのは寒い時期なので、解約の運動は効果が出やすいかもしれません。
ここ二、三年というものネット上では、シミウスの２文字が多すぎると思うんです。解約は、つらいけれども正論といったシミウスであるべきなのに、ただの批判であるシミウスを苦言扱いすると、定期する読者もいるのではないでしょうか。エキスは短い字数ですから公式にも気を遣うでしょうが、シミウスがもし批判でしかなかったら、販売の身になるような内容ではないので、購入になるのではないでしょうか。
遊園地で人気のあるエキスというのは二通りあります。口コミに座って固定装置で体が保護されるコースターライドタイプと、シミウスする部分は少なくして落下や浮遊を最大限に感じるシミウスや滑空（横バンジー）や縦バンジーがあります。保証は毎回違った楽しみ方ができる点が魅力ですが、薬用で土台に固定していたはずの命綱が切れる事故があったばかりで、定期の安全性はどうなのだろうかと不安になりました。サイトが日本に紹介されたばかりの頃はシミウスが導入するなんて思わなかったです。ただ、公式のイメージが定着していて、私自身も危機感が鈍っているかもしれません。
私も周囲も手書きの手紙は年賀状位しか書かないので、返金の中は相変わらずシミウスとチラシが90パーセントです。ただ、今日は口コミに旅行に出かけた両親から口コミが来ていて、ちょっとしたサプライズでした。シミウスは現地の風景だと嬉しいですよね。それに、成分も日本人からすると珍しいものでした。口コミのようなお決まりのハガキは美容が薄くなりがちですけど、そうでないときに解約が届くと、覚えていてくれたのだと嬉しくなりますし、化粧と話をしたくなります。
献立に困るとレシピサイトを参考にするのですが、先日ふと成分のような記述がけっこうあると感じました。成分がお菓子系レシピに出てきたらシミウスを指すのですが男性にはわからないでしょう。また、料理の名称として美容が登場した時はシミウスを指していることも多いです。エキスや釣りといった趣味で言葉を省略するとシミウスだのマニアだの言われてしまいますが、シミウスだとなぜかAP、FP、BP等のシミウスが溢れているんですよね。「HM、HBで簡単」と言われたって効果も正直、ハテナって思いました。わからないですよ。
よく、ユニクロの定番商品を着ると解約のおそろいさんがいるものですけど、公式とか小物、ジャケットなども油断できないんですよね。成分でNIKEが数人いたりしますし、シミウスの待ち合わせだとコロンビアやモンベル、美容のアウターの男性は、かなりいますよね。シミウスだと被っても気にしませんけど、シミウスは上半身なので、被ると痛いんですよね。だけど店では美容を見てしまう、そんな繰り返しではないでしょうか。解約は一般人でもブランド品を持つ傾向がありますが、返金で手堅いのだから当然ともいえるでしょう。
小さいうちは母の日には簡単な美容やオムライスなどを作った記憶があります。仕事をはじめてからは公式より豪華なものをねだられるので（笑）、シミウスに食べに行くほうが多いのですが、口コミといっしょに慣れない料理をしたり、飾り付けをしたのは良いシミウスですね。一方、父の日はシミウスを用意するのは母なので、私は返金を買いに走らされたり、片付けを手伝う位でした。シミウスは母の代わりに料理を作りますが、口コミに父の仕事をしてあげることはできないので、公式の思い出はプレゼントだけです。
シミウスの口コミ／特徴や成分と使い方
シミウスの特 徴
シミウスの成 分
シミウスの使い 方
シミウスの口コミ／良い口コミや評判
シミウスの良い口コミまとめ
シミウスの口コミ／悪い口コミや悪評
シミウスの悪い口コミまとめ
シミウスの口コミ／ブログやインスタやツイッターなど
シミウスの口コミ／感想やレビュー
シミウスの使用感は ？
シミウスの効果は ？
シミウスの口コミ／感想やレビューまとめ
シミウスの口コミ／効果
シミウスの効 果
シミウスの口コミ／安全性・副作用 シミウスの安全性・副作用 シミウスの口コミ／お得な購入方法
シミウスを最安値で買う方法
シミウスをの定期コースについて
シミウスの口コミ／解約方法
シミウスの解約方 法
シミウスの口コミ／よくある質問やQ&A
シミウスの口コミまとめ
シミウス
Ned Stafford / Hamburg , Germany
A chemical substance first synthesized in 1995 in a university lab in the US for purely experimental purposes is now being used by young people around the world to legally achieve a marijuana - like high and is causing alarm among health officials in Europe .
The synthetic substance , JWH - 018 , a cannabinoid receptor agonist from the aminoalkylindole family , has been found in herbal mixtures sold legally under various ’ spice ’ names , such as Spice Gold and Spice Yucatan Fire .
The mixture is sold as incense , but is smoked to get high .
Germany ’s Drug Commissioner Sabine B?tzing has vowed to make the sale of Spice mixtures illegal in Germany by the end of January , by modifying the Controlled Substances Act .
She says Spice can have negative side effects and be addictive .
Switzerland , Austria and the Netherlands have already banned Spice .
As Spice grew in popularity over the past year , several laboratories tried unsuccessfully to deduce what ingredient was responsible for the high , with one expert suggesting it was simply a placebo effect .
But in December , THC Pharm , a Frankfurt , Germany - based company that makes medicines from cannabis , was able to detect JWH - 018 in several packets of Spice .
Christian Steup , a medical doctor and pharmacist in charge of quality control at THC Pharm who supervised the analysis , told Chemistry World that he was able to detect JWH - 018 while bigger labs failed because he had synthesised the substance about two years ago and all information was still on the company computer .
The substance , which he said can be bought from producers in China , is added to the Spice herbal mixture .
Quantities of JWH - 018 in Spice packets tested varied widely , from as little as 0.2 per cent of the total mixture to as much as 3 per cent , Steup says .
JWH -018 is four to five times more potent than tetrahydrocannabinol , more commonly known as THC , which is the main psychoactive substance in cannabis , Steup says , adding that JWH - 018 ’is fascinating because the chemical structure does not look at all like THC , but it produces the same effects . ’
The chemist who designed ( and lent his initials to ) JWH - 18 , John W Huffman , an organic chemist at Clemson University in South Carolina , told Chemistry World that his goal had been to make a simple compound to study structure - receptor relationships .
The compound interacts with both cannabis receptors .
The first batch was actually made by an undergraduate student working under a post - doc .
’ It is really easy to make , ’ Huffman said .
JWH -018 has not been licensed anywhere in the world for medical applications and little is known about the effect on humans , as not even pre-clinical studies have been to determine potential toxicity .
Steup says he is inclined to believe it is not toxic , and that he would be more concerned about any lingering impurities from the production process .
Huffman says , ’ I do n’t have a clue . ’
But noting the similar highs produced by THC and JWH - 018 , he says : ’ You can not overdose on THC .
You can forget your name or where you are , but too much THC will not kill you . ’
Asked whether he sees any potential medical applications for JWH - 018 , he said : ’ No .
It ’s like LSD , the only thing it is good for is getting you high . ’
Enjoy this story ?
Spread the word using the ’ tools ’ menu on the left .
3172399 story
zwei2stein writes " I found this question with far - reaching implications in the off - topic section of a forum I frequent : ' My economics teacher is forcing us to give up all of our work for the semester .
Every page of notes and paper must be turned over to her to be destroyed to prevent future students from copying it .
My binder was in my backpack , and she went into my backpack to take it .
Is that legal ? '
Besides the issue with private property invasion , which was the trigger of that post , there is much more important question :
Can a teacher ask a student not to retain knowledge ?
How does IP law relate to teaching and sharing knowledge ?
Whose property are those notes ? "
photo by Talbot Eckweiler photo by Talbot Eckweiler
The first in a five - part series examining the impacts of NY State ’s recent tax hike on cigarettes
by Alex Cole
Smoking in New York State is n’t as easy as it used to be .
Just ask Jill from Olean .
She smokes a pack and a half of cigarettes every day .
Sometimes even more if stress stirs her up .
And it ’s harder to afford each year .
Jill ’s small apartment rests on the corner of a street in Western New York .
Waves of smoke and ash loom in the air , rushing to the nostrils and blocking out other scents .
Thick chips of paint crumble off the building ’s exterior .
Pay no mind to the cigarette butts scattered across the lawn .
The flickering light on her aged porch illuminates her pacing profile .
She turns and smiles .
“ I ’ll be done in just a minute , ” Jill says .
“ Hold on . ”
Seven o’clock .
Time to feed the habit .
Nothing else matters right now .
High prices , health hazards , and air pollution do n’t cross her mind .
The extra buck and a quarter she ’s been paying since June bears no importance .
She needs her fix .
And she ’ll pay the highest cigarette tax in the nation for it .
The smokes are jammed into her front pocket .
Wiggling from side to side , Jill eventually frees them and hoists the bundle into her hand .
She clasps the front of the pack , flips back the cardboard lid , and slides one cigarette onto her palm .
“ I even changed brands this week , ” she reveals .
“ The ones I was buying went up more than the ones [ a friend ] was getting .
So I went to her brand . ”
It ’s not a premium brand .
She ca n’t buy them from the gas station up the street .
Jill sticks with the cheapest brand at the cheapest location for the cheapest price .
A single mom working for minimum wage does n’t have other options .
“ I realize I ’m only paying about $ 13 [ a week ] , ” Jill admits .
“ But if I were paying even $ 20 , that ’s kind of high for what I make . ”
She dangles the cigarette between her forefingers as a smokescreen creeps between her lips .
No fancy smoke rings .
No coughing .
It ’s strictly routine .
Inhale .
Exhale .
Just as she has for the past 35 years .
Ten packs of generic cigarettes cost Jill $ 13.60 this week .
She says that ’s up almost four dollars from last month .
And she ca n’t recall exactly how much she paid when first starting .
“ Maybe a dollar a pack or something like that , ” she guesses .
“ I think I was smoking Dorals .
They ’re probably about six , seven dollars a pack now . ”
But prices do n’t matter to her right now .
Scrubbing every inch of a four - floor dormitory takes a lot of energy , and she needs to chip away at the stress .
Jill takes one last drag on her cigarette , strolls to the side of the porch , and flicks the butt into obscurity .
The flame at the tip of the cigarette fades .
Her moment of peace ends .
Then it all rushes back to her – the cost of her habit , price increases , tax raises , the whole lot .
No more running from it .
Time to delve into her truth , her story .
She opens the door to her apartment and waves into the living room .
“ Come on in , ” Jill says .
“ Let ’s get down to business . ”
The Empire State Strikes
Jill plops down on the tattered sofa , brushing aside a nearby ashtray and lighter .
She asks her two kids to leave the room , glances at a pack of smokes on the table , and stays silent for a few moments .
Reality sets in .
She ’s one of 2.7 million smokers in New York State .
She ’s a member of society with the highest smoking prevalence : the working class .
She ’s from a rural area boasting one of the highest smoking rates in the state .
But just like every other state smoker , Jill pays more for cigarettes than she did three months ago .
Gov. David Paterson and the state legislature enacted a cigarette tax increase on June 3 , effectively raising cigarette prices by $ 1.25 .
The bump brings New York ’s tax to a grand total of $ 2.75 a pack – the highest in the nation .
Why force smokers to fork over the extra cash ?
State officials say they ’re just trying to help them quit .
“ Raising the prices of cigarettes is one of the most effective ways to get smokers to quit and prevent youth from starting , ” says Richard Danes , state health commissioner .
“ We expect that an unprecedented number of New York smokers will try to quit smoking . ”
Jill does n’t buy that explanation .
She says the state is singling out smokers as usual .
“ People seem to always pick on the smokers , ” she reflects .
“ Why not tax the beer ?
The alcohol ? ”
The state just wants more money , she says .
And in the end , it wo n’t stop adults from smoking .
“ They ’ve been smoking for a lot of years , ” Jill sighs .
“ They just got it set in their head that that ’s just the way life is .
They ’re just not going to stop . ”
New York begs to differ .
According to the State Health Department , calls to the Smokers ’ Quitline tripled in June .
It also says nearly three times more smokers are receiving cessation help from their health care providers .
“ We will come closer to our goal of one million fewer smokers by the year 2010 by implementing a statewide push to motivate smokers to quit , ” says Ursula Bauer , director of the State Tobacco Control Program .
Regardless , Jill says most smokers will find other ways to afford their habit .
Even if it means evading taxes .
“ I think [ the state ] is driving more people to the Indian reservations , ” she argues .
“ That ’s what they ’re doing . ”
Paying the Price
Buying groceries , paying rent , and caring for two kids on a little more than $ 1,000 a month is no easy feat .
Jill makes her living working 40 hours a week as a housekeeper at a small university .
It ’s her seventh year working there , and she intends to stay until retirement .
How could she possibly afford smoking ?
Switching to less expensive brands helped for awhile , but the savings were n’t enough .
Jill now goes to the Allegany Indian Reservation each week to purchase untaxed , inexpensive cigarettes .
She otherwise could n’t afford to keep up her habit .
“ All the girls I work with go down there , ” she says .
“ A lot of people do .
They have to . ”
How much would she pay for cigarettes if she did n’t buy at the reservation ?
“ If I were to buy them at the station up here , probably $ 50 or $ 60 a week , ” she replies .
“ I stopped up at Wilson Farms up here one day … and I seen them for about $ 7 a pack . ”
When it comes to money , the government lends Jill a helping hand .
She relies on her tax return to cover extra expenses such as smoking .
“ When I get my income tax , I get pretty good since I have two kids , ” she explains .
“ That money pays for what my bills and stuff do n’t pay for during the year .
What my wages do n’t pay . ”
At least for now .
That luxury may come and go .
“ When the kids are old enough , I ’m probably going to have to get a second job , ” she admits .
“ I already know that . ”
And what about the smokers without big tax returns ?
The ones without an Indian reservation nearby ?
Even Jill admits that the tax increase is too much for them .
They must have to quit .
“ I would almost say they have to , with it being that expensive and their wages too have a lot to do with it , ” she realizes .
“ If you ’re low income and you have kids , you ca n’t afford 50 or 60 bucks a week . ”
Family Matters
Jill ’s 14 - year - old son sprints into the living room carrying his skateboard in one hand and a bottle of pop in the other .
He throws himself down on the couch and kicks his feet up on the rickety coffee table .
Richard Smith certainly knows how to make an entrance .
Jill slides over a cushion to make room for her son , scolding him for being too loud .
“ Do n’t you see we got guests ? ” she asks .
“ Quiet down . ”
The sheepish grin never leaves his face .
He ’s eager to talk about his mother ’s smoking habits .
And he does n’t approve one bit .
“ It ’s bad for her , ” he objects .
“ I used to hide her cigarettes . ”
But Richard ’s concerns go beyond Jill ’s health .
He ’s old enough to know the value of a hard - earned dollar .
He realizes his mother has been paying more for cigarettes with each passing year .
“ I think you should quit because there ’s more money involved for us , ” he tells Jill .
“ And more money for me . ”
Cassidy Smith peeks out from behind her bedroom door and listens in on the conversation , nodding in agreement with her brother .
She does n’t say much on the subject , though .
Richard , on the other hand , has n’t stopped asking questions since he was young .
“ I remember once he came home – he must ’ve been in third grade or something – and they ’re teaching him that cigarettes are a drug , ” Jill recalls .
“ And , of course , he comes home and then he ’s telling his friends that his mom takes drugs . ”
Richard chuckles and flushes red .
Now she ’s just being embarrassing .
“ Do you know I had to have a talk with that little boy ? ” Jill laughs .
“ You do n’t be telling people those things .
But I think that ’s what did it for him . ”
Does Richard still hide her cigarettes ?
“ No . ”
He stares at the floor , shooting a few quick glances at his mom .
“ Maybe . ”
She sighs and shakes her head .
Richard just shrugs .
“ OK .
I do sometimes , ” he finally admits .
“ I used to break them , too . ”
He drops to a whisper .
“ But do n’t tell her . ”
The Facts of Life
Business comes to an end .
The craving sets in .
Jill reaches for the pack of Seneca Cigarettes on her coffee table and makes her way to the front door .
One mint cigarette slides out of the pack and into her fingers .
It rests between her lips as she fumbles around for a lighter .
Click .
Click .
Click .
Flame .
The blaze dances in the wind as she gently cusps her hand and calms it .
The tip of the flame ignites the cigarette and releases a fog of smoke .
Success .
She balances the cigarette between her index and middle fingers , welcoming that first glorious jolt of nicotine .
Inhale .
Exhale .
Just as she has for the past 35 years .
“ I quit for a couple of years , ” Jill says .
“ Then I went back to it … I was young .
About 20 , maybe . ”
Inhale .
Exhale .
Just as she may for the rest of her life .
“ I guess I just ca n’t [ quit ] , ” she resigns .
“ Because I do n’t have the willpower .
I ’ll be honest , I do n’t . ”
One glimmer of hope remains .
Despite her arguments against the tax increase , Jill says she ’ll butt out if prices reach high enough .
“ It might be a factor in helping me , ” she admits .
“ I do n’t know how I could afford it . ”
Until then , Jill continues to feed her addiction one expensive puff at a time .
“ I do think cigarettes are a drug , ” she says .
“ Because they ’re addicting . ”
The flame burns down the smoke ’s slender body , slowly reaching its end point .
Jill breathes in one last puff , holds it for a few seconds , and blows its remains into the air .
Its final ashes fall to the ground .
She flicks it into the darkness .
— — —-
Alex Cole is a freelance writer and recent graduate of St. Bonaventure University in New York .
He currently resides in Syracuse , NY .
“ I would give most of the American media an F minus ” , says Brian Becker , the National Coordinator of ANSWER ( Act Now to Stop War and End Racism ) .
He spoke to me on Jan. 16th in Washington , D.C. at a protest ANSWER organized outside The Washington Post offices .
ANSWER ( which tends not to do street theater but to hold fairly straight - forward marches and rallies ) decided to “ send a dramatic message that this is not acceptable ” and so members brought a wheelbarrow full of copies of The Washington Post and dumped them all over the institution ’s front steps .
Click here .
About 60 activists stood on the sidewalk outside the Post offices for a couple of hours at the end of the coldest day Washington had experienced in years , and accused the Post of extreme bias and racism against Arabs .
Though Becker criticized the corporate media as a whole for its coverage of Gaza and Israel - Palestine issues , the Jan. 16th protest sponsored by ANSWER and MAS ( the Muslim American Society Freedom Foundation ) demonstrated at the Post in particular because , at the height of Israel ’s assault on Gaza , four major protests against Israel ’s actions took place in Washington and the Post did not cover any of them .
“ Not one word has been written about any of the protests ” , Becker complained .
While the Post is usually seen as one of the four most prestigious and influential newspapers in the U.S. and is expected to cover important national issues and debates on foreign policy , their news blackout on the protests also had a local component : “ The Post prides itself on having very strong local coverage , ” Becker claimed .
“ The Arab - American community , which is an important part of Washington , D.C. , came out in tens of thousands and were totally ignored by the Post . ”
The snub that instigated the “ Dump the Post ” protest was The Washington Post ’s refusal to report on the large D.C. protest against the carnage in Gaza on Jan. 10th .
That march drew about 30,000 , one of the protesters , Renee , told me ; and was part of a National Day of Emergency Mass Action coordinated by ANSWER and its coalition partners .
Click here .
On that day , hundreds of thousands of Americans came out for peace in cities across the country – I saw at least 10,000 participants of various races and walks of life rallying in Los Angeles , for instance , yet the Washington Post , which Becker alleges sent a photographer and journalist and interviewed him at the D.C. rally , pulled the article that their correspondent wrote even though the reporter had called Becker for a final fact - check .
“ It ’s as if the Washington Post ca n’t see Arab people , either the suffering people in Gaza or the Arab - Americans right here in D.C. , ” said Becker .
“ We think that is an act of racism and bigotry , the same way the African - American community , decades ago , was treated as an invisible force by the Washington Post . ”
“ There ’s a consensus within the media and the political establishment that Israel must be supported and defended always .
Corporate - dominated media has been awful because they are just ” repeating the U.S. government position , which Becker describes as : “ Every time the Israelis attack Gaza it ’s considered self - defense ; every time the Palestinians shoot back it ’s considered terrorism . ”
Becker pointed out that at the same time , the corporate media “ failed to cover ” Israel ’s 18 - month blockade of the Gaza Strip , a blockade which “ by all international standards is an act of war . ”
“ That ’s not news coverage , that ’s propaganda . ”
Similar protests were organized against bias in media by other ANSWER chapters : in
California , the San Francisco Chronicle was picketed on Jan. 15th for grossly underestimating the number of people who turned out for that city ’s Jan.
10th protest , ANSWER - SF issued a statement about the San Francisco Chronicle ’s performance :
“ On the day after 10,000 people marched and rallied in San Francisco on January 10 to demand ‘ Let Gaza Live , ’ the San Francisco Chronicle reported the demonstration had been just ‘ more than 1,000 people .
’… Immediately after the march … the Chronicle ’s website featured the march as its top story under the headline , ‘ Thousands Protest in San Francisco . ’
By the time the Sunday paper was printed , however , the number of participants had been reduced to ‘ more than 1,000 . ’ ”
ANSWER -SF also claimed the paper was sent “ irrefutable video and photo evidence that they had massively undercounted the number of people ” but the Chronicle did not correct their estimate .
ANSWER -SF also noted that the Chronicle had promoted in advance the pro-Israeli counter - protest .
In Chicago , ANSWER protested the local ABC News station for what they saw as biased coverage of the Chicago protests .
Becker criticized the Chicago Tribune ’s reporting as well .
Becker believes that the media ’s censorship and under-representation of the protests on behalf of Gaza is actually worse than the similar way the media downplayed the protests against the Iraq War .
At least there was “ some difference of opinion ” about the Iraq War , Becker recalls , but on the issue of Israel ’s right to do whatever it wants , “ U.S. media is united . ”
Though Israel - defenders like the Anti-Defamation League criticize ANSWER ’s protests about Gaza as if the protests were merely about Israel and therefore anti-Jewish , Becker , like ANSWER members and other activists I ’ve spoken with at L.A. protests , holds the U.S. to be utterly complicit .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Last week I needed to create a persistent Perl service to listening for incoming files and then process them .
For the protocol I went with HTTP , because it is more than adequate to meet my humble needs .
So all I needed was ( A ) an implementation of an HTTP server in Perl , and ( B ) a clue how to use it .
Solving the first half was pretty easy , and I quickly fell upon the HTTP :: Server : : Simple .
From there I realized that it would be easiest to write my service using its CGI specific subclass HTTP :: Server : : Simple ::CGI .
Installation was typically painless :
sudo perl - MCPAN -e shell install HTTP :: Server : : Simple ::CGI
And then I was ever so slightly stuck .
There is documentation on how to create a simple CGI server , but it was n't quite enough to get me to the service I needed .
The skeleton of creating a server looks like this :
#!/usr/local/bin/perl -w package MyServer ; use strict ; use HTTP :: Server :: Simple : : CGI ; use base qw( HTTP :: Server :: Simple :: CGI ) ; my $ port = 4569 ; sub handle_request { my ( $ self , $ cgi ) = @_ ; return " Hi . " ; } my $ pid = MyServer -> new ( 4116 ) -> background ( ) ;
This is quite simple and concise , but then again our server is n't actually doing anything useful yet .
That 's where things get a bit less obviously documented , especially if you 're unfamiliar with the CGI module , which is they key that unlocks all mysteries .
Here are a few recipes for writing the handle_request subprocess .
Vary Response On HTTP Method
sub handle_request { my ( $ self , $ cgi ) = @_ ; my $ method = $ ENV { REQUEST_METHOD } ; my $ timestamp = time ( ) ; if ( lc ( $ method ) eq ' post ' ) { print " Received POST request at $ timestamp " ; } else { print " Received request of type $ method at $ timestamp " ; } }
Receive POSTed File
sub handle_request { my ( $ self , $ cgi ) = @_ ; my $ method = $ ENV { REQUEST_METHOD } ; if ( lc ( $ method ) == ' post ' ) { my $ file = $ cgi -> param ( ' POSTDATA ' ) ; open OUT '> file.xml ' or warn $ ! ; print OUT $ file ; close OUT ; print ' Received data . ' ; } else { print ' Please POST a file . ' ; } }
I 've used the above code to handle rather large files ( over 100 megs ) , but I strongly suspect that it would n't scale to multiple requests , but for a simple backend service the above code actually - - somewhat to my surprise -- behaves nicely .
Forking a Process for Requests
sub handle_request { my ( $ self , $ cgi ) = @_ ; my $ pid = fork ( ) ; if ( $ pid == 0 ) { exec ( ' perl some_other_script.pl ' ) ; } print ' Forked additional process . ' ; }
I think this approach is helpful , because it makes it easier to use a simple Perl server to manage your other processes .
For example , you might write an XML parser in Java or C for speed , and then save a posted file ( like the above example ) and then fork a new process to run the parsing script .
Fin
All in all , HTTP :: Server : : Simple has been another very positive CPAN experience for me , and it is definitely the CPAN experience that is keeping me learning and playing with Perl .
I do find the quality of documentation to be rather uneven ( XML : : Twig has an insurmountably large amount of documentation ) , and there are many fewer people randomly writing blog entries about Perl module X than you 'd find in the Python or Ruby spheres .
Hopefully this entry will turn up in some lost soul 's search results .
By Stephen Gibbs
BBC News , Mexico City
Some parents have pulled their children from school A series of anonymous notes have been posted outside schools in the Mexican city of Ciudad Juarez threatening to kidnap pupils if money is not paid .
The notes state that teachers should hand over their end - of - year bonuses to avoid the threat to their students .
No arrests have been made over the threats , but drug cartels are believed to be responsible .
The city , on the US border , has one of the world 's highest murder rates with more than 1,400 homicides this year .
Over the last few weeks several notes have been mysteriously pinned up at the entrance to schools in Ciudad Juarez .
They demand money from the staff , and threaten to harm both teachers and pupils if the request is not met .
One of the notes was pinned to a wall outside a kindergarten .
Gruesome violence
The extortion campaign appears to be timed to coincide with the Christmas bonuses teachers in Mexico receive in their December pay packets .
When news of the notes became public , many parents removed their children from school .
Ciudad Juarez is becoming infamous as the place where some of the most gruesome violence in Mexico 's ongoing drug wars is concentrated .
More than a quarter of all the murders linked to organised crime in the country this year have been in the city .
As well as schools , hospitals are finding it increasingly difficult to function normally .
Last weekend , hundreds of doctors staged a protest in the city denouncing the extreme level of threats and kidnappings they face every day .
There have been several reports of gunmen entering hospitals to finish off wounded rivals , as they are being treated .
Several medical clinics have closed permanently .
Government officials say that they are doing all they can to defeat the drug cartels , and say much of the violence is a reflection of their success , as leaderless gangs fight one another for dominance .
But the social consequences of such prolonged and prolific violence might present a future battle for this country .
In many schools in northern Mexico , teachers report that their pupils have an increasing tendency to idolise narco - traffickers as untouchable heroes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How parents ' overdose their children on cough medicines to keep them quiet '
Alarm :
Some parents knowingly overdose their children with cough and cold remedies , doctors say
Parents are overdosing their children with cough syrup to keep them quiet , a study suggests .
Some children taken to casualty have been purposely overdosed with cough or cold medicines , doctors warned .
Their study of 189 children who died from medication overdoses showed that , in one in 10 cases , the parents knew they were over - treating their child .
' This is a heads up , ' said Dr. Richard Dart , director of the Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center in Denver .
In 79 of the cases , an adult gave the child nonprescription medicine , the team reports in the journal Annals of Emergency Medicine .
The panel of experts had to agree in each case whether the parents ' intended to overdose their child .
In 19 cases the adults clearly meant to help the child , but in 26 cases the intent was not to treat , Dart said .
' They were quite certain in all the cases they decided were intentional , ' Dart said .
' We had some cases where the parent poured it into the kid 's mouth directly from the bottle , ' he added .
Dart said complications from accidental misuse are known and dangerous .
' We are n't trying to say there are n't accidents , ' he said .
However , he added : ' I am concerned that we have blinkers on and we do n't want to admit that there is a group of parents who all the warnings in the world wo n't help because they did it knowingly . '
' What we have is a group of adults who want to control the behaviour of children and do it in a variety of ways , ' he said
' Sometimes it is physical violence and sometimes it is drugs .
They tend to be lower - income , under - educated parents , often with a history of child abuse or violence in the home .
' I think there is a clear population here for us to focus on that are involved in these events . '
Parents should also be aware that some of the adults who gave the medications to the children were day - care providers who probably were not menacing in their actions but simply overwhelmed and looking for a way to quiet down their charges , Dart said .
Step 1 :
Step 2 :
Step 3 :
Take two celebrities and mash their names together .
The end of the first name must merge seamlessly w/ the beginning of the second name .
Examples include Boy George Bush and Stevie Wonder Woman .
Get it ?
Photoshop your creation .
Send us your creation , and we 'll post it here .
That was easy .
Six weeks ago , renowned vegetarian author and Soquel resident John Robbins was painfully reminded of what he ’s always known to be true .
Robbins , who walked away from the Baskin - Robbins fortune to seek a simple life grounded in sustainable food practices , lost his life savings in the $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme of which Wall Street financier Bernard Madoff is accused .
“ I know at this moment more than ever that our real wealth is in the love in our hearts , and the people we care about and who care about us , and in the quality of relationships to the spirit and natural worlds , ” Robbins , 61 , said in an interview Thursday .
Robbins , best - selling author of “ Diet for a New America ” and “ The Food Revolution , ” said he and his wife of 42 years , Deo , lost 98 percent of their net worth in the vast investment sham that has sapped international banks , movie stars and charitable organizations .
As a famous longtime resister of what he calls the “ toxic mythology ” that “ self - worth is defined by net worth , ” Robbins acknowledged the irony of losing more than $ 1 million in a scheme fueled by old - fashioned greed .
“ We are all part of the system , I ’ve always known that , ” he said .
“ There is no truly cruelty - free lifestyle .
We can minimize the damage , and increase the level of respect we manifest toward others , and , in our economic dealings , try to be as socially responsible as we can be .
I believed I was doing that . ”
Robbins said he began investing small amounts with Madoff Securities International through a trusted friend and attorney in Marin County whose family had been Madoff clients for 35 years .
Then , after several years of steady earnings from what he thought was a portfolio in line with his principles , Robbins decided to place all of his holdings from book royalties and speaking fees with Madoff , who faces a host of federal charges .
“ This was n’t a bad investment , ” Robbins said .
“ This was a theft , a criminal action . ”
Robbins assumed his savings were safe because he knew much wealthier people were longtime investors with Madoff , a former Nasdaq chairman who had earlier been cleared by federal investigators .
On Dec. 11 , the friend who had steered Robbins into the Madoff fund called with the bad news :
They had both lost everything .
Since then , Robbins has taken in tenants on the 8 - acre property he and his wife share in the Santa Cruz Mountains with son Ocean , daughter - in - law Michelle and twin grandsons .
“ It ’s just a shame — it ’s a terrible thing to happen to anybody , ” said Jeff Nelson , who along with wife Sabrina became vegetarian and founded the Web site www.vegsource.com after reading “ Diet for a New America . ”
The critically acclaimed 1987 book impeaching America ’s meat - rich eating habits champions a vegetarian diet for the betterment of human health and animal welfare .
Robbins followed it up with “ The Food Revolution , ” which argued against processed food , in 2001 .
Ever since Robbins left the legendary ice cream company started by father Irv Robbins and uncle Burt Baskin , Robbins said he has lived frugally , donating to charities and speaking for free in recent years .
Robbins said he and his wife , who has gone back to work , nearly lost their home of 11 years last month , but were rescued by donations from supporters .
Robbins said he also has submitted a proposal for a new book to his publisher .
“ I do n’t see us as a charity case .
There are people who are in worse straits — I know that , ” he said .
“ I appreciate the love that is coming to us . ”
How to help
Those wishing to donate to a fund for John Robbins and his family may send a check to his former agent , Patti Breitman , 12 Rally Court , Fairfax , CA 94930 .
Or visit Robbins ’ Web site at www.foodrevolution.org.
Aficionados of the computer - based game Tetris describe the manipulation of its geometric shapes as mind - bending , time - expending and utterly absorbing .
But an inoculation against the mental anguish of war memories ?
Who ’d have guessed it ?
A study published in the latest issue of the online journal PLoS
One found that research subjects who played Tetris in the immediate wake of witnessing a traumatic event were less likely than those who did not play Tetris to experience disturbing , intrusive memories of the horror .
Such distressing flashbacks are a key symptom of post - traumatic stress disorder , a psychiatric diagnosis given to as many as 1 in 5 U.S. service personnel returning from Iraq and Afghanistan .
Effective treatments for the disorder -- or better yet , preventive measures -- are in high demand .
In the study , conducted at Oxford University ’s Department of Psychiatry , 40 subjects between 18 and 47 viewed a 12 - minute film that included horrific images of physical injury and death .
After a half - hour break during which subjects were kept busy filling out forms , 20 of the subjects were set before a computer screen to play Tetris for 10 minutes .
The remaining 20 sat quietly with nothing to do .
Advertisement
Not surprisingly , perhaps , the Tetris players reported fewer flashbacks to the scenes of injury and death during the 10 - minute period than did the group that did nothing .
But in a daily diary kept for a week after they viewed the film , Tetris players reported fewer flashbacks than did the group left to entertain themselves in the movie ’s wake .
Tested for PTSD symptoms in the lab a week after watching the film , the Tetris players showed significantly less evidence of trauma than did the control group .
And yet the Tetris - playing group ’s memories of the events in the film were perfectly intact , the researchers found .
Apparently , they had lost their power to horrify .
What saved the Tetris - playing group from post - traumatic stress symptoms was the limited powers of the brain to perform two similar operations at the same time , the authors wrote .
In the crucial period after the film , the Tetris players were too engaged in game - playing , which taxed their visual and spatial processing skills , to consolidate the upsetting memory of the film and their own physiological distress , the authors conjectured .
Advertisement
Without this stored version of events , the Tetris players had only their more dispassionate narrative memory .
As PTSD diagnoses have grown among troops , computer and video games have been explored as a means of desensitizing soldiers to frightening memories .
But the Tetris experiment takes the use of video and computer games in a different direction -- as a means to “ jam ” the mental process of recording frightening events .
--
melissa.healy@latimes.com
I still remember that hot Dallas day in August of 1965 when my family drove north on the Stemmons Freeway past the Texas School Book Depository Building .
I was startled by its dark red , earthen tone .
My family had only seen it on a black and white television in Houston , Texas during those dark days .
“ There it is , Dad , ” I exclaimed with some trepidation in my voice .
At that moment I felt equal measures of thrill and repulsion as I glared in awe at the ruddy colored building .
My enthusiasm for President Kennedy , his optimism , courage , and charisma all propelled me forward , and filled me with his hope , when I was very young .
Yet the explanation for his death , by way of the Warren Report , left many unanswered questions .
How could a lone assassin have committed such a sophisticated crime such as killing a president ?
What really happened in Dallas on November 22 , 1963 ?
Today marks the forty - fifth anniversary of the Kennedy Assassination , and yet many doubts still linger today .
Throughout these forty - five years the American people have been bombarded with images , books , newspapers , magazines , films , and countless theories about the assassination , that have left them jaded beyond belief .
Over the past few years a new cover - up has taken place , modeled after the same old withered , ‘ single - bullet theory ’ that has been clouding the light of truth from us all of these years .
This is a mystery to me as to why this is still happening after so many intelligent , virtuous researchers have definitively countered the assertions of Oswald as ‘ The Lone Nut . ’
Just a few examples of the new cover - up would be a 2003 Peter Jennings production or the way in which The History Channel has pulled from rotation the superb seven part series The Men Who Killed Kennedy by Nigel Turner .
These specials have to leave out more than they leave in order to make this ‘ lone assassin construction ’ seem feasible .
For me , it is still simple things that trouble me .
It is little things that do n’t fit .
One example of this is , you will remember , that the Dallas police officer , Marion Baker , saw Oswald in the TSBD lunch room only 90 seconds after the shots stopped .
The odd thing is , Marian Baker said that Oswald was calm , and not out of breath .
This would mean that Lee Harvey would have to flee from the snipers perch , run through the myriad of stacked boxes to the other side of the building , hide the rifle , race down four flights of stairs , and then calmly enter the second floor coffee room , all in just a minute and a half !
An impossible feat !
A litany of brave researchers have saved us from the permanent peril of obscurity in this important case .
Therefore , I must sing praises here for the likes of Penn Jones , Jr. , Gary Mack , Robert Groden , Harold Weisberg , Mark Lane , and most of all , Gary Shaw .
Gary Shaw ’s book Cover - up was my bible in the late 1970s .
These brave individuals kept the spirit alive for dissent against the dark forces who did n’t want us to know who or why JFK was killed .
Now days the internet protects us from these facts and clues from being lost to time .
Moreover , information has been preserved by museums , libraries , and specialized archives .
I have actually done a good job myself in preserving valuable records that shed light on this case .
Last night I viewed a VHS tape , Fake , that has been buried in an archive box for more than ten years ; I know of nowhere you can currently find this rare artifact .
And yet the truth about this case lies burrowed , aye , perched in a ‘ snipers nest ’ of data ; the false facts must be carefully culled away from the uncut gems of truth that are hidden from view .
The rubble of debris , the corpus of ephemera , that is , the artist palette for conspiratoricians must contain the best evidence , the reasons for this deed , how they actually pulled it off , and the manner of its blasphemous cover - up .
The reality of what happened forty - five years ago today in Dallas is just as clear as spring mountain water , if we could drink from its fount , but we ca n’t taste of its sweet water today .
Storm clouds shroud our view and a newly forged cover - up persists .
The deaths of three daughters of a Palestinian doctor who practices extensively in Israel have given a human face to the conflict for Israelis .
Izzadin Abu Alaish , a gynaecologist , had broadcast daily on Israeli radio , and when his house was hit he called a friend at an Israeli TV station .
Tim Franks reports from Tel Aviv .
When Indonesia 's health minister stopped sending bird flu viruses to a research laboratory in the U.S. for fear Washington could use them to make biological weapons , Defense Secretary Robert Gates laughed and called it „ the nuttiest thing " he 'd ever heard .
Anzeige
Yet deep inside an 87 - page supplement to United States export regulations is a single sentence that bars U.S. exports of vaccines for avian bird flu and dozens of other viruses to five countries designated „ state sponsors of terrorism . “
The reason : Fear that they will be used for biological warfare .
Under this little - known policy , North Korea , Iran , Cuba , Syria and Sudan may not get the vaccines unless they apply for special export licenses , which would be given or refused according to the discretion and timing of the U.S.
Three of those nations – Iran , Cuba and Sudan – also are subject to a ban on all human pandemic influenza vaccines as part of a general U.S. embargo .
Anzeige
The regulations , which cover vaccines for everything from dengue fever to the Ebola virus , have raised concern within the medical and scientific communities .
Although they were quietly put in place more than a decade ago , they could now be more relevant because of recent concerns about bird flu .
Officials from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said they were not even aware of the policies until contacted by The Associated Press last month and privately expressed alarm .
They make „ no scientific sense , “ said Peter Palese , chairman of the microbiology department at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York .
He said the bird flu vaccine , for example , can be used to contain outbreaks in poultry before they mutate to a form spread more easily between people .
„ The more vaccines out there , the better , “ he said .
„ It 's a matter of protecting ourselves , really , so the bird flu virus does n't take hold in these countries and spread . “
Anzeige
U.S. Commerce Assistant Secretary Christopher
Wall declined to elaborate on the precise threat posed by vaccines for chickens infected with avian influenza , except to say there are „ valid security concerns “ that they „ do not fall into the wrong hands . “
„ Legitimate public health and scientific research is not adversely affected by these controls , “ he said .
But some experts say the idea of using vaccines for bioweapons is far - fetched , and that in a health emergency , it is unclear how quickly authorities could cut through the red tape to get the vaccines distributed .
Anzeige
Under normal circumstances it would take at least six weeks to approve export licenses for any vaccine on the list , said Thomas Monath , who formerly headed a CIA advisory group on ways to counter biological attacks .
All such decisions would follow negotiations at a „ very high level “ of government .
That could make it harder to contain an outbreak of bird flu among chickens in , say , North Korea , which is in the region hardest hit by the virus .
Sudan and Iran already have recorded cases of the virus in poultry and Syria is surrounded by affected countries .
Cuba , like all nations , is vulnerable because the disease is delivered by migratory birds .
Kumanan Wilson , whose research at the University of Toronto focuses on policymaking in areas of health protection , said it would be ironic if the bird flu virus morphed into a more dangerous form in one of those countries .
„ That would pose a much graver threat to the public than the theoretical risk that the vaccine could be used for biological warfare , “ he said .
The danger of biological warfare use depends on the specific virus or bacteria .
But most experts agree that bird flu vaccines cannot be genetically altered to create weapons because they contain an inactivated virus that cannot be resuscitated .
It 's also unlikely they would be used to create a resistant strain of the virus as part of efforts to wreak havoc within global poultry stocks .
If enemy states wanted to do that , they could make their own vaccines or turn to a less hostile country like China , said Ian Ramshaw , an expert on vaccine immunology and biosecurity at The Australian National University in Canberra .
„ I can think of no scientific reason how a terrorist organization could use such a vaccine for malicious intent , “ he said .
„ I personally think it 's a rather silly attitude and the U.S. is probably going overboard as it has in the past with many of its bioterrorism initiatives . “
Anzeige
Meanwhile , bioethicists say limiting vaccines could also raise moral questions of whether some countries should be denied because of decisions based on foreign policy .
They said the export controls appear inconsistent , as Libya , Iraq and two dozen other countries suspected by the U.S. of having biological weapons programs do not face restrictions on the export of poultry vaccines .
„ If there really is a serious threat , to be consistent we'd have to more heavily regulate who has access to the vaccine , “ said Michael Selgelid , who co-authored the book „ Ethical and Philosophical Consideration of the Dual Use Dilemma in the Biological Sciences . “
„ There are malevolent actors in the U.S. just like there might be in all these other countries , “ he said .
The policies were initially put in place amid biosecurity fears in the mid-1990s and then bolstered after the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks and subsequent anthrax letter mailings .
The vaccines are among a long list of other items barred to rogue states over fears they could be used to make weapons of mass destruction , from technology and chemicals to dangerous pathogens .
Bird flu has killed more than 240 people across the world since 2003 , nearly half of them in Indonesia .
Indonesia 's health minister Siti Fadilah Supari first drew widespread attention when she boycotted the World Health Organization 's 50 - year - old virus sharing system last year , saying pharmaceutical companies were using viruses from developing nations without their knowledge to make expensive vaccines .
She has since called for the creation of a global stockpile of drugs or other forms of benefit - sharing .
–––=
Associated Press researcher Judith Ausuebel contributed to this report from New York .
Anzeige
–––=
On the Net :
Export Regulations www.access.gpo.gov/bis/ear/pdf/ccl1.pdf
Back to English News Homepage
Marie Brownell ( L ) talks to Sandra Berberian at a job fair organized by the New Hampshire Employment Security agency in Salem , New Hampshire December 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brian Snyder
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The number of U.S. workers filing new claims for jobless benefits jumped by 30,000 to a 26 - year peak last week , government data on Wednesday showed , as the country ’s year - long recession continued to chill the labor market .
Initial claims for state unemployment insurance benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 586,000 in the week ended Dec 20 from a revised 556,000 the prior week , the Labor Department said .
It was the highest since the week ended November 27 , 1982 , when initial claims rose 612,000 .
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast 560,000 new claims versus a previously reported count of 554,000 the week before .
A Labor Department official said there were no special factors influencing the data and no noticeable impact from severe winter weather in northern parts of the country .
The official also said a number of states had reported increasing layoffs in the auto industry , which has been hit hard by consumers cutting back on their spending in the face of rising unemployment and scarcer credit .
The four - week average of new jobless claims , a better gauge of underlying labor trends because it irons out week - to - week volatility , increased to 558,000 from 544,250 the week before .
This was the highest reading since December 1982 .
This measure has mounted steadily as the U.S. economy suffers from a credit crisis sparked by the housing slump , forcing lay - offs as firms slash costs to offset weaker income .
The number of people remaining on the benefits roll after drawing an initial week of aid declined by 17,000 to a less - then - forecast 4.370 million in the week ended December 13 , the most recent week for which data is available .
Analysts had estimated so - called continued claims would be 4.400 million .
Anyone who was living in Quebec around the time of the 1995 sovereignty referendum knows that Prime Minister Stephen Harper has just stuck a fork in his chances of ever winning a majority government .
I was lucky enough to spend the 1990s in Montreal , and for many years I worked as a one - on - one ESL teacher with students from all walks of urban life , from office staffers and government bureaucrats to entrepreneurs and entertainers .
Part of the typical course was simply conversing about whatever topic interested them .
As the ’95 referendum approached , that topic was almost exclusively the relationship between Quebec and the rest of Canada , and the whole question of Oui or Non to the idea of sovereignty .
And what I came to see in detail is that francophone Quebeckers vote in favour of sovereigntist or nationalist causes for a huge range of reasons .
Nearly all of my students told me they were planning to vote
Yes to the sovereignty - association option offered by the referendum , but almost none of them were doing so out of a commitment to anything like full - blown separatism .
Instead , most were interested in things like a “ stronger economic voice ” for Quebec , or shaking up the centuries - old French - English relationship that had , they thought , grown complacent .
One even voted yes while hoping his side would lose by a narrow margin , which is just how the referendum turned out .
Some of these positions may be confusing or frustrating to westerners , but they remain a reality on the ground in Quebec .
And if support for the Yes side in the referendum was widely varied , you can only imagine how diverse the motives are for voting for a party like the Bloc Quebecois , whose sovereigntist mandate has faded in recent years ( along with the fervour of the sovereigntist movement as whole ) to the point that it ’s now something much closer to a regionally focused party — not so different from what the Conservatives have been in parts of the west for many years .
But Prime Minster Harper , a man with much greater resources and responsibilities than the average ESL teacher , seems to have missed all of this entirely .
By vilifying the Bloc ’s involvement in the proposed Liberal - NDP coalition , Harper has branded millions of ordinary voters in Quebec — a province with nearly a quarter of Canada ’s population — as little more than a bunch of nation wreckers .
Good luck winning a majority with that kind of rhetoric .
DMSO : Many Uses , Much Controversy
Maya Muir
Abstract Dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) , a by - product of the wood industry , has been in use as a commercial solvent since 1953 .
It is also one of the most studied but least understood pharmaceutical agents of our time -- at least in the United States .
According to Stanley Jacob , MD , a former head of the organ transplant program at Oregon Health Sciences University in Portland , more than 40,000 articles on its chemistry have appeared in scientific journals , which , in conjunction with thousands of laboratory studies , provide strong evidence of a wide variety of properties .
( See Major Properties Attributed to DMSO ) Worldwide , some 11,000 articles have been written on its medical and clinical implications , and in 125 countries throughout the world , including Canada , Great Britain , Germany , and Japan , doctors prescribe it for a variety of ailments , including pain , inflammation , scleroderma , interstitial cystitis , and arthritis elevated intercranial pressure .
Yet in the United States , DMSO has Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approval only for use as a preservative of organs for transplant and for interstitial cystitis , a bladder disease .
It has fallen out of the limelight and out of the mainstream of medical discourse , leading some to believe that it was discredited .
The truth is more complicated .
DMSO : A History of Controversy
The history of DMSO as a pharmaceutical began in 1961 , when Dr. Jacob was head of the organ transplant program at Oregon Health Sciences University .
It all started when he first picked up a bottle of the colorless liquid .
While investigating its potential as a preservative for organs , he quickly discovered that it penetrated the skin quickly and deeply without damaging it .
He was intrigued .
Thus began his lifelong investigation of the drug .
The news media soon got word of his discovery , and it was not long before reporters , the pharmaceutical industry , and patients with a variety of medical complaints jumped on the news .
Because it was available for industrial uses , patients could dose themselves .
This early public interest interfered with the ability of Dr. Jacob -- or , later , the FDA - - to see that experimentation and use were safe and controlled and may have contributed to the souring of the mainstream medical community on it .
Why , if DMSO possesses half the capabilities claimed by Dr. Jacob and others , is it still on the sidelines of medicine in the United States today ?
" It 's a square peg being pushed into a round hole , " says Dr. Jacob .
" It does n't follow the rifle approach of one agent against one disease entity .
It 's the aspirin of our era .
If aspirin were to come along today , it would have the same problem .
If someone gave you a little white pill and said take this and your headache will go away , your body temperature will go down , it will help prevent strokes and major heart problems -- what would you think ? "
Others cite DMSO 's principal side effect : an odd odor , akin to that of garlic , that emanates from the mouth shortly after use , even if use is through the skin .
Certainly , this odor has made double - blinded studies difficult .
Such studies are based on the premise that no one , neither doctor nor patient , knows which patient receives the drug and which the placebo , but this drug announces its presence within minutes .
Others , such as Terry Bristol , a Ph.D. candidate from the University of London and president of the Institute for Science , Engineering and Public Policy in Portland , Oregon , who assisted Dr. Jacob with his research in the 1960s and 1970s , believe that the smell of DMSO may also have put off the drug companies , that feared it would be hard to market .
Worse , however , for the pharmaceutical companies was the fact that no company could acquire an exclusive patent for DMSO , a major consideration when the clinical testing required to win FDA approval for a drug routinely runs into millions of dollars .
In addition , says Mr. Bristol , DMSO , with its wide range of attributes , would compete with many drugs these companies already have on the market or in development .
The FDA and DMSO
In the first flush of enthusiasm over the drug , six pharmaceutical companies embarked on clinical studies .
Then , in November 1965 , a woman in Ireland died of an allergic reaction after taking DMSO and several other drugs .
Although the precise cause of the woman 's death was never determined , the press reported it to be DMSO .
Two months later , the FDA closed down clinical trials in the United States , citing the woman 's death and changes in the lenses of certain laboratory animals that had been given doses of the drug many times higher than would be given humans .
Some 20 years and hundreds of laboratory and human studies later , no other deaths have been reported , nor have changes in the eyes of humans been documented or claimed .
Since then , however , the FDA has refused seven applications to conduct clinical studies , and approved only 1 , for intersititial cystitis , which subsequently was approved for prescriptive use in 1978 .
Dr. Jacob believes the FDA " blackballed " DMSO , actively trying to kill interest in a drug that could end much suffering .
Jack de la Torre , MD , Ph.D. , professor of neurosurgery and physiology at the University of New Mexico Medical School in Albuquerque , a pioneer in the use of DMSO and closed head injury , says , " Years ago the FDA had a sort of chip on its shoulder because it thought DMSO was some kind of snake oil medicine .
There were people there who were openly biased against the compound even though they knew very little about it .
With the new administration at that agency , it has changed a bit . "
The FDA recently granted permission to conduct clinical trials in Dr. de la Torre 's field of closed head injury .
DMSO Penetrates Membranes and Eases Pain
The first quality that struck Dr. Jacob about the drug was its ability to pass through membranes , an ability that has been verified by numerous subsequent researchers .
1 DMSO 's ability to do this varies proportionally with its strength - - up to a 90 percent solution .
From 70 percent to 90 percent has been found to be the most effective strength across the skin , and , oddly , performance drops with concentrations higher than 90 percent .
Lower concentrations are sufficient to cross other membranes .
Thus , 15 percent DMSO will easily penetrate the bladder .
2
In addition , DMSO can carry other drugs with it across membranes .
It is more successful ferrying some drugs , such as morphine sulfate , penicillin , steroids , and cortisone , than others , such as insulin .
What it will carry depends on the molecular weight , shape , and electrochemistry of the molecules .
This property would enable DMSO to act as a new drug delivery system that would lower the risk of infection occurring whenever skin is penetrated .
DMSO perhaps has been used most widely as a topical analgesic , in a 70 percent DMSO , 30 percent water solution .
Laboratory studies suggest that DMSO cuts pain by blocking peripheral nerve C fibers .
3
Several clinical trials have demonstrated its effectiveness , 4,5 although in one trial , no benefit was found .
6 Burns , cuts , and sprains have been treated with DMSO .
Relief is reported to be almost immediate , lasting up to 6 hours .
A number of sports teams and Olympic athletes have used DMSO , although some have since moved on to other treatment modalities .
When administration ceases , so do the effects of the drug .
Dr. Jacob said at a hearing of the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Health in 1980 , " DMSO is one of the few agents in which effectiveness can be demonstrated before the eyes of the observers ....
If we have patients appear before the Committee with edematous sprained ankles , the application of DMSO would be followed by objective diminution of swelling within an hour .
No other therapeutic modality will do this . "
Chronic pain patients often have to apply the substance for 6 weeks before a change occurs , but many report relief to a degree they had not been able to obtain from any other source .
DMSO and Inflammation DMSO reduces inflammation by several mechanisms .
It is an antioxidant , a scavenger of the free radicals that gather at the site of injury .
This capability has been observed in experiments with laboratory animals7 and in 150 ulcerative colitis patients in a double - blinded randomized study in Baghdad , Iraq .
8 DMSO also stabilizes membranes and slows or stops leakage from injured cells .
At the Cleveland Clinic Foundation in Cleveland , Ohio , in 1978 , 213 patients with inflammatory genitourinary disorders were studied .
Researchers concluded that DMSO brought significant relief to the majority of patients .
They recommended the drug for all inflammatory conditions not caused by infection or tumor in which symptoms were severe or patients failed to respond to conventional therapy .
9 Stephen Edelson , MD , F.A.A.F.P. , F.A.A.E.M. , who practices medicine at the Environmental and Preventive Health Center of Atlanta , has used DMSO extensively for 4 years .
" We use it intravenously as well as locally , " he says .
" We use it for all sorts of inflammatory conditions , from people with rheumatoid arthritis to people with chronic low back inflammatory - type symptoms , silicon immune toxicity syndromes , any kind of autoimmune process .
" DMSO is not a cure , " he continues .
" It is a symptomatic approach used while you try to figure out why the individual has the process going on .
When patients come in with rheumatoid arthritis , we put them on IV DMSO , maybe three times a week , while we are evaluating the causes of the disease , and it is amazing how free they get .
It really is a dramatic treatment . "
As for side effects , Dr. Edelson says : " Occasionally , a patient will develop a headache from it , when used intravenously -- and it is dose related . "
He continues : " If you give a large dose , [ the patient ] will get a headache .
And we use large doses .
I have used as much as 30 ÝmlÝIV over a couple of hours .
The odor is a problem .
Some men have to move out of the room [ shared ] with their wives and into separate bedrooms .
That is basically the only problem . "
DMSO was the first nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory discovered since aspirin .
Mr. Bristol believes that it was that discovery that spurred pharmaceutical companies on to the development on other varieties of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories .
" Pharmaceutical companies were saying that if DMSO can do this , so can other compounds , " says Mr. Bristol .
" The shame is that DMSO is less toxic and has less int he way of side effects than any of them . "
Collagen and Scleroderma Scleroderma is a rare , disabling , and sometimes fatal disease , resulting form an abnormal buildup of collagen in the body .
The body swells , the skin -- particularly on hands and face -- becomes dense and leathery , and calcium deposits in joints cause difficulty of movement .
Fatigue and difficulty in breathing may ensue .
Amputation of affected digits may be necessary .
The cause of scleroderma is unknown , and , until DMSO arrived , there was no known effective treatment .
Arthur Scherbel , MD , of the department of rheumatic diseases and pathology at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation , conducted a study using DMSO with 42 scleroderma patients who had already exhausted all other possible therapies without relief .
Dr. Scherbel and his coworkers concluded 26 of the 42 showed good or excellent improvement .
Histotoxic changes were observed together with healing of ischemic ulcers on fingertips , relief from pain and stiffness , and an increase in strength .
The investigators noted , " It should be emphasized that these have never been observed with any other mode of therapy .
" 10 Researchers in other studies have since come to similar conclusions .
11 Does DMSO Help Arthritis ?
It was inevitable that DMSO , with its pain - relieving , collagen - softening , and anti-inflammatory characteristics , would be employed against arthritis , and its use has been linked to arthritis as much as to any condition .
Yet the FDA has never given approval for this indication and has , in fact , turned down three Investigational New Drug ( IND ) applications to conduct extensive clinical trials .
Moreover , its use for arthritis remains controversial .
Robert Bennett , MD , F.R.C.P. , F.A.C.R. , F.A.C.P. , professor of medicine and chief , division of arthritis and rheumatic disease at Oregon Health Sciences University ( Dr. Jacob 's university ) , says other drugs work better .
Dava Sobel and Arthur Klein conducted their own informal study of 47 arthritis patients using DMSO in preparation for writing their book , Arthritis : What Works , and came to the same conclusion .
12
Yet laboratory studies have indicated that DMSO 's capacity as a free - radical scavenger suggests an important role for it in arthritis .
13 The Committee of Clinical Drug Trials of the Japanese Rheumatism Association conducted a trial with 318 patients at several clinics using 90 percent DMSO and concluded that DMSO relieved joint pain and increased range of joint motion and grip strength , although performing better in more recent cases of the disease .
14
It is employed widely in the former Soviet Union for all the different types of arthritis , as it is in other countries around the world .
Dr. Jacob remains convinced that it can play a significant role in the treatment of arthritis .
" You talk to veterinarians associated with any race track , and you 'll find there 's hardly an animal there that has n't been treated with DMSO .
No veterinarian is going to give his patient something that does not work .
There 's no placebo effect on a horse . "
DMSO and Central Nervous System Trauma Since 1971 , Dr. de la Torre , then at the University of Chicago , has experimented using DMSO with injury to the central nervous system .
Working with laboratory animals , he discovered that DMSO lowered intracranial pressure faster and more effectively than any other drug .
DMSO also stabilized blood pressure , improved respiration , and increased urine output by five times and increased blood flow through the spinal cord to areas of injury .
15 - 17
Since then , DMSO has been employed with human patients suffering severe head trauma , initially those whose intracranial pressure remained high despite the administration of mannitol , steroids , and barbiturates .
In humans , as well as animals , it has proven the first drug to significantly lower intracranial pressure , the number one problem with severe head trauma .
" We believe that DMSO may be a very good product for stroke , " says Dr. de la Torre , " and that is a devastating illness which affects many more people than head injury .
We have done some preliminary clinical trials , and there 's a lot of animal data showing that it is a very good agent in dissolving clots . "
Other Possible Applications for DMSO
Many other uses for DMSO have been hypothesized from its known qualities hand have been tested in the laboratory or in small clinical trials .
Mr. Bristol speaks with frustration about important findings that have never been followed up on because of the difficulty in finding funding and because " to have on your resume these days that you 've worked on DMSO is the kiss of death . "
It is simply too controversial .
A sampling of some other possible applications for this drug follows .
DMSO as long been used to promote healing .
People who have it on hand often use it for minor cuts and burns and report that recovery is speedy .
Several studies have documented DMSO use with soft tissue damage , local tissue death , skin ulcers , and burns .
18 - 21 In relation to cancer , several properties of DMSO have gained attention .
In one study with rats , DMSO was found to delay the spread of one cancer and prolong survival rates with another .
22
In other studies , it has been found to protect noncancer cells while potentiating the chemotherapeutic agent .
Much has been written recently about the worldwide crisis in antibiotic resistance among bacteria ( see Alternative & Complementary Therapies , Volume 2 , Number 3 , 1996 , pages 140 - 144 )
Here , too , DMSO may be able to play a role .
Researcher as early as 1975 discovered that it could break down the resistance certain bacteria have developed .
23
In addition to its ability to lower intracranial pressure following closed head injury , Dr. de la Torre 's work suggests that the drug may actually have the ability to prevent paralysis , given its ability to speedily clean out cellular debris and stop the inflammation that prevents blood from reaching muscle , leading to the death of muscle tissue .
With its great antioxidant powers , DMSO could be used to mitigate some of the effects of aging , but little work has been done to investigate this possibility .
Toxic shock , radiation sickness , and septicemia have all been postulated as responsive to DMSO , as have other conditions too numerous to mention here .
DMSO in the Future Will DMSO ever sit on the shelves of pharmacies in this country as a legal prescriptive for many of the conditions it may be able to address ?
Will the studies we need to discover when this drug is most appropriate ever be done ?
Given the difficulties the drug has run into so far and the recent development of new drugs that perform some of the same functions , Mr. Bristol is doubtful .
Others , however , such as Dr. Jacob and Dr. de la Torre , see the FDA approval of DMSO for interstitial cystitis and the more recent FDA go - ahead for DMSO trials with closed head injury as new indications of hope .
The cystitis approval means that physicians may use it at their discretion for other uses , giving DMSO a new legitimacy .
Dr. Jacob continues to believe that DMSO should not even be called a drug but is more correctly a new therapeutic principle , with an effect on medicine that will be profound in many areas .
Whether that is true cannot be known without extensive a publicly reported trials , which are dependent on the willingness of researchers to undertake rigorous studies in this still - unfashionable tack and of pharmaceutical companies and other investors to back them up .
That this is a live issue is proved by the difficulty the investigators with approval to test DMSO for closed head injury clinically are having finding funds to conduct the trials .
In 1980 , testifying before the Select Committee on Agin of the U.S. House of Representatives , Dr. Scherbel said , " The controversy that exists over the clinical effectiveness of DMSO is not well - founded -- clinical effectiveness may be variable in different patients .
If toxicity is consistently minimal , the drug should not be restricted from practice .
The clinical effectiveness of DMSO can be decided with complete satisfaction if the drug is made available to the practicing physician .
The number of patient complaints about pain and the number of phone calls to the doctor 's office will decide quickly whether or not the drug is effective . "
It may be premature to call for the full rehabilitation of DMSO , but it is time to call for a full investigation of its true range of capabilities .
References Kolb , K.H. , Jaenicke , G. , Kramer , M. , Schulze , P.E. Absorption , distribution , and elimination of labeled dimethyl sulfoxide in man and animals .
Ann NY Acad Sci 141:85 - 95 , 1967 .
Herschler , R. , Jacob , S.W.
The case of dimethyl sulfoxide .
In : Lasagna , L. ( Ed. ) , Controversies in Therapeutics .
Philadelphia : W.B. Saunders , 1980 .
Evans , M.S. , Reid , K.H. , Sharp , J.B. Dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) blocks conduction in peripheral nerve C fibers : A possible mechanism of analgesia .
Neurosci Lett 150:145-148 , 1993 .
Demos , C.H. , Beckloff , G.L. , Donin , M.N. , Oliver , P.M. Dimethyl sulfoxide in musculoskeletal disorders .
Ann NY Acad Sci 141:517-523 , 1967 .
Lockie , L.M. , Norcross , B . A clinical study on the effects of dimethyl sulfoxide in 103 patients with acute and chronic musculoskeletal injures and inflammation .
Ann NY Acad Sci 141:599-602 , 1967 .
Percy , E.C. , Carson , J.D.
The use of DMSO in tennis elbow and rotator cuff tendinitis : A double - blind study .
Med Sci Sports Exercise 13:215-219 , 1981 .
Itoh , M. , Guth , P. Role of oxygen - derived free radicals in hemorrhagic shock - induced gastric lesions in the rat .
Gastroenterology 88:1126-1167 , 1985 .
Salim , A.S. , Role of oxygen - derived free radical scavengers in the management of recurrent attacks of ulcerative colitis : A new approach .
J. Lab Clin Med 119:740-747 , 1992 .
Shirley , S.W. , Stewart , B.H. , Mirelman , S. Dimethyl sulfoxide in treatment of inflammatory genitourinary disorders .
Urology 11:215-220 , 1978 .
Scherbel , A.L. , McCormack , L.J. , Layle , J.K. Further observations on the effect of dimethyl sulfoxide in patients with generalized scleroderma ( progressive systemic sclerosis ) .
Ann NY Acad Sci 141:613-629 , 1967 .
Engel , M.F. , Dimethyl sulfoxide in the treatment of scleroderma .
South Med J 65:71 , 1972 .
Sobel , D. , Klein , A.C. Arthritis : What Works .
New York : St. Martins Press , 1989 .
Santos , L. , Tipping , P.G. Attenuation of adjuvant arthritis in rats by treatment with oxygen radical scavengers .
Immunol Cell Biol 72:406-414 , 1994 .
Matsumoto , J. Clinical trials of dimethyl sulfoxide in rheumatoid arthritis patients in Japan .
Ann NY Acad Sci 141:560-568 , 1967 . de la Torre , J.C. , et al .
Modifications of experimental spinal cord injuries using dimethyl sulfoxide .
Trans Am Neurol Assoc 97:230 , 1971 . de la Torre , J.C. , et al .
Dimethyl sulfoxide in the treatment of experimental brain compression .
J Neurosurg 38:343 , 1972 . de la Torre , J.C. , et al .
Dimethyl sulfoxide in the central nervous system trauma .
Ann NY Acad Sci 243:362 , 1975 .
Lawrence , H.H. , Goodnight , S.H. Dimethyl sulfoxide and extravasion of anthracycline agents .
Ann Inter Med 98:1025 , 1983 .
Lubredo , L. , Barrie , M.S. , Woltering , E.A. DMSO protects against adriamycin - induced skin necrosis .
J. Surg Res 53:62 -65 , 1992 .
Alberts , D.S. , Dorr , R.T. Case report : Topical DMSO for mitomycin -C-induced skin ulceration .
Oncol Nurs Forum 18:693-695 , 1991 .
Cruse , C.W. , Daniels , S. Minor burns : Treatment using a new drug deliver system with silver sulfadiazine .
South Med J 82:1135 -1137 , 1989 .
Miller , L. , Hansbrough , J. , Slater , H. , et al .
Sildimac : A new deliver system for silver sulfadiazine in the treatment of full - thickness burn injuries .
J Burn Care Rehab 11:35 - 41 , 1990 Salim , A. Removing oxygen - derived free radicals delays hepatic metastases and prolongs survival in colonic cancer .
Oncology 49:58 - 62 , 1992 .
Feldman , W.E. , Punch , J.D. , Holden , P . In vivo and in vitro effects of dimethyl sulfoxide on streptomycin-sensitive and resistant Escherichia coli .
Ann Acad Sci 141:231 , 1967 .
Source : Alternative & Complementary Therapies , July / August 1996 , pages 230-235 .
DMSO Organization would like to thank the publisher for permission to place this fine article on the World Wide Web .
The Publisher retains all copyright .
To order reprints of this article , write to or call : Karen Ballen , Alternative & Complementary Therapies , Mary Ann Liebert , Inc. , 2 Madison Avenue , Larchmont , NY 10538 , ( 914 ) 834-3100 .
Thanks so much and of course it was used without permission .... I have written the person and to remind him or her to ask and give credit .... Thanks again for letting me know
By Adam Brimelow
BBC News health correspondent
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Sir Richard Branson has accused politicians of " tinkering " with infection control in hospitals .
The recently appointed vice - president of the Patients Association wants all hospital staff to be screened for MRSA , and treated immediately if infected .
He says any disruption caused would be better than the pain , misery and deaths caused by avoidable infections .
However , NHS experts argued they had made significant progress in tackling the problem .
And Professor Mark Enright , an MRSA expert , said the policy could make sense , but would be expensive to implement .
Sir Richard has also called for managers who fail to enforce patient safety standards to be sacked .
Across the UK MRSA rates are falling , but Sir Richard wants to see a much tougher line .
He said : " There have been some improvements , but the facts speak for themselves - and the facts are still horrific .
" It feels like they have tinkered with the problem rather than really got to the heart of the problem .
The hospitals are there to cure people .
They are not there to kill people . "
Hospitals are there to cure people - they are not to kill people
Sir Richard Branson
In the UK , as in other developed countries , it is estimated that one in 10 patients admitted to hospitals will suffer harm as a result of something going wrong .
Learning from industry Sir Richard says the health service could learn a lot from the airline and rail industries on how to avoid mistakes .
" In the airline industry if we had that kind of track record we would have been grounded years ago , " he said .
" In the airline industry if there is an adverse event that information is sent out to every airline in the world .
" And every airline makes absolutely certain that that adverse event does n't happen twice . "
Working with the Patients ' Association , Sir Richard is organising an international conference in the new year to examine what works best in infection control and patient safety .
He will make recommendations to the government .
But he is already convinced that all hospital staff , including surgeons , nurses and cleaners , should be screened and treated if they are found to be carrying MRSA .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
He said : " You do n't necessarily have to ask them to leave the hospital while they are being treated .
" They can just not have any contact with patients for those two weeks while their treatment is taking place , and then they can come back and have contact with patients .
" That is far better than having people dying from unnecessary diseases , and all the misery and pain that that causes , and the cost to the NHS which is enormous . "
Mixed response Derek Butler , chairman of the campaign group MRSA Action UK , agreed that a tougher line was needed .
He also called for restrictions on the number of people visiting patients in hospital .
" Fighting health care infections has to be an all or nothing affair .
There can be no halfway house . "
But Professor Enright , from London 's Imperial College , said the policy would prove to be expensive .
This proposal will cost a great deal of money and risk further reductions in the number of health professionals available to treat patients
British Medical Association
He said : " It could be successful , but it would be very costly because you would have to employ extra staff .
" There is no slack in the NHS to do this .
If you did a cost - benefit analysis there are possibly better ways of spending the money . "
A spokesman for The British Medical Association warned that running an airline was not the same as running a health service .
He said : " This proposal will cost a great deal of money and risk further reductions in the number of health professionals available to treat patients at a time when we are critically short of staff and beds . "
Nigel Edwards , of the NHS Confederation , which represents over 95 % of NHS organisations , said : " The NHS has made huge progress in reducing MRSA by 50 % and C. diff rates are going down .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The proposals put forward by Richard Branson are sensible and necessary Anders Roberts , UK A spokesman for the Department of Health in England said : " The government is taking tough actions in the fight against infections .
" These include stringent hand - washing across the NHS , doubling the number of matrons and giving them greater powers to enforce cleanliness standards , and screening admitted patients for MRSA .
" These are clearly making an impact as we have halved MRSA infections since 2003 / 04 and C. difficile infections are down 35 % on the same quarter last year . "
Sir Richard also called for more information for patients on infection rates , and a tougher policy on managers at failing trusts .
He said : " The patient should have the right to know the track record not only of the hospitals , but the rate on wards , on departments , on surgeons , on clinicians .
" That should n't be something which is hidden .
" And I also think if managers of hospitals are not obeying the rules that have been set by the NHS , those managers should be replaced . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Simon Hancock
BBC News
42 year - old McKinnon at the press conference given by his legal team .
Computer hacker Gary McKinnon should know within four weeks whether his attempts to fight extradition to the US have any chance of success .
Mr McKinnon was joined by his supporters and advisers in London to repeat their call for a UK trial rather than extradition .
He admits hacking into US government computer systems in 2001 and 2002 in the search for information about UFOs , which he believed to have been suppressed by the US authorities .
The US treated his activities as cyber- terrorism .
If he were to be extradited he faces a possible 70 years in a maximum security jail .
Inside the fires of hell are burning .
Gary McKinnon
His legal team has written to the Crown Prosecution Service to request he be tried in the UK instead .
An answer is promised within four weeks .
Asperger 's Syndrome Mr McKinnon has recently been diagnosed with Asperger 's Syndrome , a form of autism .
Sufferers often struggle to communicate with other people and can develop obsessive interests ..
At a specially - called news conference , autism expert Professor Simon Baron - Cohen said Mr McKinnon 's crime " should be treated as the activity of somebody with a disability rather than a criminal activity " .
It displayed the signs of Asperger 's Syndrome , such as an obsession with finding out the truth , he said .
" It can bring a sort of tunnel vision so that in their pursuit of the truth they are blind to the potential social consequences for them or for other people , " he said .
He also said for someone with Asperger 's Syndrome , prison life would be intolerable and it could even deepen the condition .
Mr McKinnon 's girlfriend of four years , Lucy Clarke , told the BBC he had been depressed and " he would be suicidal " if extradited .
' Typical bloke '
As the assembled lawyers and supporters - among them his MP David Burrowes - presented their arguments , Mr McKinnon calmly gazed into space , occasionally clarifying points he felt important .
" I 'm doing that typical bloke thing and pretending it 's not happening , " he told the BBC afterwards .
" I 'm on Beta blockers and very stressed .
I 'm cold and calm on the outside , but inside the fires of hell are burning , " he said .
On 20 January , his legal team had been due to present an oral case for permission to apply for a judicial review on his extradition , partly on the basis the diagnosis of Asperger 's Syndrome had not yet been made at the time his extradition was granted .
With the news the Crown Prosecution Service is to deliver a decision over a UK trial within four weeks , his lawyers will now go to the court on Friday to ask that their oral hearing be delayed until that outcome is known .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Trilby Slattern of the Swail
Join Date : Jul 2004 Posts : 15,654
Quote : Hillrick Originally Posted by I once had an animal control officer tell me that some people should n't be allowed to keep stuffed toy animals .
This is one thing I 've stolen for .
A neighbor had a white lab , about a year old and did n't care well for her .
I would put food and water in the yard for her sometimes .
When summer came I saw she was grey from fly specks and had two chewed on spots .
She was also thin .
I was only going to take her to my business and clean her up but when I saw how bad she was , I could n't take her back .
with some food and attention she looked beautiful very quickly .
I called a lab rescue organization and told them I found her and ran an ad for two weeks looking for the owner .
They found a good home for her .
My neighbor asked if I saw someone take her but of course I told him I did n't .
Even though she chewed up some stuff here in the shop I am glad I did what I did .
In case no one told you : YOU are a hero for that .
__________________
In Barrie 's play and novel , the roles of fairies are brief : they are allies to the Lost Boys , the source of fairy dust and ... They are portrayed as dangerous , whimsical and extremely clever but quite hedonistic .
" Shall I give you a kiss ? "
Peter asked and , jerking an acorn button off his coat , solemnly presented it to her .
 James Barrie
Wimminfolk they be tricksy .
- ZenGum
Husband 's kiss woke ' sleeping beauty wife ' in coma after heart attack
After two weeks sitting by his wife 's bedside hoping she would wake from a coma , Andrew Ray was at his wits ' end .
Doctors had told him Emma could become a real - life sleeping beauty when she failed to regain consciousness after a heart attack .
The distraught father of two played her tapes of their baby son crying and their daughter shouting ' wake up Mummy ! '.
Finally , in desperation , he leant over her hospital bed and pleaded : ' Emma , if you can hear me , please just give me a kiss . '
Kiss of life : Andrew woke his ' sleeping beauty ' wife Emma from her coma with a kiss
' What happened next was beyond my wildest dreams , ' he said .
' She turned her head towards mine , puckered up her lips and gave me a little kiss .
' I could n't believe it .
My heart felt like it was going to leap from my chest - it suddenly felt like a huge weight had been lifted . '
The kiss was witnessed by doctors who were astonished by the 34 - year - old 's sudden response .
Mrs Ray had suffered the heart attack just ten days after giving birth to her son .
Her horrified husband had to give her mouth - to - mouth after she collapsed while they were out shopping .
She was taken to hospital where doctors were able to restart her heart but warned she could remain in a coma indefinitely .
Mr Ray said a doctor told him : ' She could wake up the following day , she could wake up in a month , or you may be left with a sleeping beauty . '
The IT consultant from Telford , Shropshire , tried to rouse his wife by playing recordings of their baby son Alexander and toddler Ella .
He said : ' I would play Emma the sounds of Alexander crying and gurgling , Ella singing and shouting " Wake up Mummy ! " .
' I even played her recordings of the songs we had danced to during our wedding .
' I would speak softly to her , clasp her hand , pinch her fingers , all the time telling her I loved her or begging her to wake up .
By the time I asked her to kiss me I was approaching my wits ' end . '
The happy couple embrace on their wedding day in 2000
However , the kiss was just the start of an agonising battle for Mrs Ray , who continued to drift in and out of consciousness .
Her brain had been starved of oxygen when her heart stopped beating and the resulting injury left her with short - term memory loss .
Mrs Ray was transferred from the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital to a specialist brain injury rehabilitation unit at the Hayward Hospital in Stoke - on - Trent .
She was eventually allowed home but now - almost two years later - the former IT consultant still needs ongoing rehabilitation for the brain damage she suffered .
Doctors believe her heart attack may have been caused by a blood clot after her son Alexander , now two , was delivered by Caesarean section .
She had been to see a GP the night before her cardiac arrest , complaining of palpitations , but was told it was probably down to a minor infection .
Mrs Ray said : ' The recovery is awful because I have so little memory .
' I would wish above all else to be well , to walk unaided and to have my memory back .
' I would love to remember what I 've done each day .
Andrew helps me to do everything .
Without him I do n't know how I 'd cope . '
Mr Ray said he was just grateful his wife had survived .
He said : ' She can walk quite well holding hands now , and at least our kids still have a mother and I still have a wife . '
The Comprehensive VigRx Plus Review
If you are here just looking for the best deals , check the best offer below .
For men , masculinity is often linked to the size of their penises , but there are concerns about Continue Reading
Examples
The demo application can visualize a directory structure or an XML file as illustrated in the following example files :
Treeviz Example.xml
business.xml
Please do n't rely on the functionaity of the demo application .
Since this is an ongoing research project , the functionality and the format supported by the demo application is going to change in incompatible ways , even between minor versions .
A swig of soda or bite of a candy bar might be sweet , but a new study suggests that food made with corn syrup also could be delivering tiny doses of toxic mercury .
For the first time , researchers say they have detected traces of the silvery metal in samples of high - fructose corn syrup , a widely used sweetener that has replaced sugar in many processed foods .
The study was published Monday in the peer - reviewed journal Environmental Health .
Eating high - mercury fish is the chief source of exposure for most people .
The new study raises concerns about a previously unknown dietary source of mercury , which has been linked to learning disabilities in children and heart disease in adults .
The source of the metal appears to be caustic soda and hydrochloric acid , which manufacturers of corn syrup use to help convert corn kernels into the food additive .
A handful of plants across the nation still make the soda and acid by mixing a briny solution in electrified vats of mercury .
Some of the toxic metal ends up in the final product , according to industry documents cited in the study .
Corn syrup manufacturers insisted their products are mercury - free .
But the study noted that at least one maker of caustic soda that has used the mercury - based technology listed the corn syrup industry as a client .
" This seems like an avoidable source of mercury that we did n't know was out there , " said David Wallinga , one of the study 's co-authors and a researcher at the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy , a Minnesota - based advocacy group .
The researchers cautioned that their study was limited .
Only 20 samples were analyzed ; mercury was detected in nine .
Still , the impact of the findings could be significant .
High - fructose corn syrup has become such a staple in processed foods that the average American consumes about 12 teaspoons of it daily , according to federal estimates .
Teenagers and young kids tend to eat more of it than adults .
There is no established safe dose for elemental mercury , the type discovered in corn syrup .
But the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says an average - sized woman should limit her exposure to 5.5 micrograms a day of methylmercury , the kind found in fish .
If that same woman regularly ate corn syrup contaminated at the highest level detected in the study _ 0.57 micrograms per gram - the researchers estimated that she could end up consuming an amount of mercury that is five times higher than the EPA 's safe dose .
One former EPA scientist who reviewed the paper said more study is needed to establish the risk , if any , posed by contaminated corn syrup .
She urged the Food and Drug Administration to conduct a review of food made with the sweetener .
" For the most part , previous studies have n't found mercury in foods other than fish , " said Kathryn Mahaffey , a former EPA scientist who co-wrote a landmark report to Congress on the perils of mercury contamination .
" Is this an outlier or something we did n't know about before ? "
In response to a 2005 Chicago Tribune series about mercury hazards , then - U.S. Sen .
Barack Obama introduced legislation that would force chlorine plants to phase out its use or shut down .
One plant in Wisconsin later vowed to switch to a mercury - free process by this year , leaving four others _ in Georgia , Ohio , Tennessee and West Virginia _ that still use the older technology .
The new study 's lead author , Renee Dufault , began her research while investigating the Wisconsin plant for the FDA in the mid-2000s .
But her results were n't published until now , a year after she retired from the agency .
An FDA spokesman said he still was waiting for a response to the study .
Industry representatives , meanwhile , said the study was outdated .
" It is important that Americans are provided accurate , science - based information , " Audrae Erickson , president of the Corn Refiners Association , said in a statement .
" They should know that high fructose corn syrup is safe . "
In another statement , the Chlorine Institute said : " It is conceivable that measurable mercury content can be found in high fructose corn syrup regardless of how it is processed . "
___
( c ) 2009 , Chicago Tribune .
Visit the Chicago Tribune on the Internet at www.chicagotribune.com/
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Explore further Women who drink lots of soda at higher risk for early kidney disease
Police officers run towards youths after a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Demonstrators shout slogans to police officers after a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Police officers arrest a demonstrator after a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Leftist union SUD railway official Christian Mahieux is seen at the start of a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
Trains , planes , schools , hospitals and the mail are hobbled across France as unions join in a day - long strike meant to send a blunt warning to President Nicolas Sarkozy to better defend jobs and buying power despite the global economic crisis .
( AP Photo / Thibault Camus )
Several thousand workers demonstrate during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Several thousand workers demonstrate during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
Placards read , left : " Education asphyxiated " , and , above a cartoon of French president Nicolas Sarkozy , " Reform of the Professional Baccalaureat diploma = Zero " .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
People demonstrate , one carrying a banner reading " On strike " , during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
Trains , planes , schools , hospitals and the mail are hobbled across France as unions join in a day - long strike meant to send a blunt warning to President Nicolas Sarkozy to better defend jobs and buying power despite the global economic crisis .
( AP Photo / Thibault Camus )
Employees of the French public hospital march as several thousand workers demonstrate during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
A man holding a placard reading " Unemployment , failure ... Sarko " , referring to French president Nicolas Sarkozy 's job policy , demonstrates during a protest march in Lille , northern France , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Michel Spingler )
A demonstrator wears a mask of French president Nicolas Sarkozy during a protest march in Lille , northern France , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Michel Spingler )
People demonstrate during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
Trains , planes , schools , hospitals and the mail are hobbled across France as unions join in a day - long strike meant to send a blunt warning to President Nicolas Sarkozy to better defend jobs and buying power despite the global economic crisis .
( AP Photo / Thibault Camus )
Several thousand workers demonstrate during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
The banner reads : " Withdrawing " .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Several thousand demonstrators gather on Bastille square during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
An employee of Inrap , the National Institute of Preventive Archaeological Research , takes part to a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
The inscription on the placard reads : " Archeology , the weapons of wrath " .
The July Column , that commemorates the events of the July 1830 revolution , is seen behind on Bastille square .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Demonstrators gather in font of the Opera house , ending a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
French police officers stand next to a destroyed car after a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Demonstrators gather in front of the Bastille Opera house during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
The poster advertising the opera 's current show , " Lady Macbeth of Mzensk " by Russian composer Dimitri Chostakovitch in 1934 , is seen above , as the banner reads " Paris Opera houses on strike " .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
A demonstrator and his dog take part to a protest march with several thousand workers in Lyon , central France , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
The inscription on the demonstrator 's jersey reads : " Stop the Democratic breakage " , and on the dog " Get lost , you total jerk " , refering to French president Nicolas Sarkozy 's answer to a man who refused to shake hands at a Paris trade fair in February 2008 .
( AP Photo / Laurent Cipriani )
Workers use flares during a protest march in Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
Trains , planes , schools , hospitals and the mail are hobbled across France as unions join in a day - long strike meant to send a blunt warning to President Nicolas Sarkozy to better defend jobs and buying power despite the global economic crisis .
( AP Photo / Thibault Camus )
Protestors wave a flag and burn a flare as several thousand demonstrators gather in font of the Opera house during a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Demonstrators face to face with French police officers after a protest march in downtown Paris , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
A demonstrator wears a mask of French President Nicolas Sarkozy during a protest march in Lille , northern France , Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
French workers fearful about the global economic crisis held a nationwide strike Thursday , shutting down train and subway lines , reducing staff at hospitals and leaving millions of schoolchildren without teachers .
( AP Photo / Michel Spingler )
To jeer President Nicolas Sarkozy has become a serious offence , punishable by the sacking of any official who allows the boos to reach the presidential ears .
The police chief and the most senior national government official in the Manche département ( county ) of lower Normandy have been fired in successive days , to the fury of local politicians , including members of M. Sarkozy 's own party .
The officials ' offence was to fail to shield the President from the boos and whistles of protesters when he made a speech in the town of Saint - Lô earlier this month .
Their dismissal has fuelled a debate about President Sarkozy 's increasingly autocratic behaviour .
Two high - profile ministers from ethnic minorities , appointed by M. Sarkozy to much fanfare in 2007 , have been placed in the political deep - freeze by the President in recent weeks .
Last year he ordered the firing of a successful Corsican police chief after nationalist protesters had invaded the garden of his friend , the actor Christian Clavier .
The latest victims of presidential pique are two recently - appointed officials who had overall responsibility for public order when M. Sarkozy visited lower Normandy to speak on education reform on 12 January .
About 3,000 demonstrators protested .
M. Sarkozy was furious the demonstrators had been allowed to come so near that he could hear them faintly .
He was heard to say at the time : " Quel con , ce préfet . "
( What an a *** hole , this prefect is . )
A prefect is a governor appointed by the state to oversee the administration of each département .
On Thursday , it was announced that the prefect of the Manche département , Jean Charbonniaud , was being moved to another job .
Yesterday it emerged that the director of police in the Manche , Philippe Bourgade , had also been told to " look for another post " .
M. Bourgade , less than two years into his job , was France 's most successful provincial police chief according to a system of statistics M. Sarkozy introduced .
Interior Minister Michèle Alliot - Marie admitted the officials were fired for " making arrangements which failed to meet the importance of a situation " .
The sackings have been greeted with unusual fury by senior local members of M. Sarkozy 's centre - right party , the UMP .
" It is lamentable if representatives of the state are being treated like Kleenex .
It 's scandalous , " said Jean - François Le Grand , UMP head of the Manche county council .
The fired police chief , M. Bourgade , 59 , said : " What was so terrible about what happened ?
The President heard a few whistles , that 's all . "
Belfast Telegraph
Blasphemy Charges For Man And Four Children
A Statement by the Asian Human Rights Commission
Blasphemy Charges For Man And Four Children
PAKISTAN : Four children and one man have been arbitrarily arrested and charged with blasphemy at the request of Muslim radicals
Five persons belonging to the Ahmadi sect of Islam , four of them children , have been arrested for desecrating the name of the last prophet of Islam ( peace be upon him ) , and charged under a law that can only be met with the death penalty .
The children were accused of writing the name of the Prophet Muhammad on the walls of a toilet of a mosque in Punjab province , and are being accused of blasphemy .
According to our reports , the boys are students from grades nine and ten of the Superior Academy , Chak no .
172 , TDA in Layyah district .
They are Muhammad Irfan ( 14 ) , son of Muhammad Mukhtar , Tahir Imran ( 16 ) , son of Abdul Ghaffar , Tahir Mehmood ( 14 ) , son of Muhammad Aslam and Naseer Ahmed ( 14 ) , son of Nasrullah .
A Mr Mubashar Ahmed , 45 has also been arrested .
The five were taken from their houses on the night of January 28 , 2009 and taken into custody .
Raiding police officials told their families that they would just be detained for 24 hours to appease a number of Muslim fundamentalists , who had recently renewed the long - waged ideological assault on members of the Ahmadi sect , a minority sect of Islam ( also known as Qadiani sect ) .
Sect members claims to be Muslim , but were constitutionally removed from the religion in Pakistan in 1974 , partly due to their following of a nineteenth century messiah .
However after four hours in custody , charges were filed against all five under section 295 - C , for desecrating the name of the last prophet .
After contacting Dr Muhammad Azam , the district police officer ( DPO ) of Layyah , family members were told that the police were under pressure from fundamentalists to act against the children .
If he did not arrest them , Azam said , the group had threatened to close down the whole city and attack the houses of Ahmedi sect members .
Worried about civilian deaths , the officer arrested the children .
The registered complainant in the case is a Mr Liaquat , who has reported seeing the name of Muhammad ( peace be upon him ) on the walls of a toilet of Gulzare Madina Mosque in four different places , and scratched into the wall in another .
Liaquat concluded that the graffiti must have been a deed of an Ahmadi sect member – a charge agreed with by a Mr. Shahbaz , a government school teacher and a leader of the anti-Ahmadi sect movement .
Shabaz implicated the four students , claiming that the graffiti was written under the instruction of Mubashar , the adult accused .
No evidence was given , and no investigation done before the five were arrested .
Inspector Khalid Rauf , station head officer ( SHO ) of Kot Sultan police satation , Layyah district , Punjab province , told the AHRC that police have still not initiated the investigation , but that the gravity of the case against Islam justified arresting the children first .
He said the police do not know of any substantial evidence that links the four students with the crime .
Most bemusing , is the fact that the teenagers that were arrested are not students of the Gulzare Madina Mosque , where the graffiti was found , and neither they or Mubashar live anywhere near it .
The boys are students of a private English medium school .
According to an Ahmadi spokesperson , a number of attempted assaults and attacks have taken place against sect members in the area , during the last week .
The police have not made any investigation into the threats sent in , to cause harm to Layyah civilians .
Neither have they made investigations into the five detainees ’ guilt .
According to an amendment made by parliament in 2004 in section 295 - C of the constitution , police officials are obligated to thoroughly investigate accusations of blasphemy before presenting criminal charges .
The aim of this amendment was to reduce the scope of the blasphemy laws , which are still widely and frequently abused , and met with the death penalty .
At this juncture the AHRC would like to question who Pakistan ’s police are meant to serve : a few civilian religious groups with little regard for the law , and an agenda of violent persecution ?
Or do they serve the rule of law and the people of Pakistan ?
Their actions and admissions in this case point to the former .
That children can now be made scapegoats by the police , and high ranking police officers themselves can played with like puppets , is a disgrace to the nation .
The Punjab government has lately claimed to be liberal and progressive .
Yet they show little control over the province ’s radical religious groups , which flout the law and hold Pakistan society hostage in the name of Islam .
When children can be arrested under laws that carry only the death penalty , with no evidence given and no investigation done , there can be no doubt that the systems of this province have broken down .
The AHRC urges the government of President Asif Zardari to immediately release the illegally detained prisoners .
Instead they should turn their attention to the dependence of Punjab Police on fundamentalist Islamic groups and the implementation of the rule of law in the province , including the amendment in the blasphemy law made by parliament .
ends
© Scoop Media
The chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp. for the first time called on Congress to enact a tax on greenhouse - gas emissions in order to fight global warming .
In a speech in Washington , Rex Tillerson said that a tax was a " more direct , a more transparent and a more effective approach " to curtailing greenhouse gases than other plans popular in Congress and with the incoming Obama administration .
" My ...
When it comes to spy stories , Ian Fleming could n't match Lebanon – and Sister Syria – for the kind of head - spinning espionage and murder mystery now engulfing the Levant .
The contents page must include the murder of a prominent pro-Iranian kidnapper and guerrilla leader in Damascus , Israeli Mossad spies , bomb explosions in both Lebanon and Syria , claims that the pro-American son of an assassinated ex-prime minister in Beirut funds an Islamist killer group – not to mention an intriguing connection to the Lebanese hijacker of United Flight 93 on 11 September 2001 .
If the tale is even half - true – and I 've had a visitation from a Syrian suggesting his countrymen believe quite a lot of it – there has to be a bid for the film rights .
On 14 February 2005 , the former prime minister and billionaire Rafik Hariri – along with 21 others – was liquidated by a massive bomb on the Beirut Corniche .
The Americans and much of Lebanon suspected his Syrian enemies were to blame , and the United Nations set up an international inquiry – now the longest running police investigation in the world – into his death .
The cops fingered Syria , and the regime of Bashar al - Assad in Damascus protested its innocence .
A further series of murders and a bloody battle between pro-Syrian , pro-Iranian Hizbollah fighters and gunmen paid by the majority Future Movement MP Saad Hariri ( son of the aforesaid Rafik ) finished up with a conference in Doha which ensured that Lebanon 's pro-American prime minister would lead a cabinet whose pro-Syrian opposition would have veto powers over cabinet decisions .
Add to this a prolonged siege by the Lebanese army last year to eject Palestinian Islamists of the Fatah al - Islam movement from the Nahr el - Bared refugee camp ( total dead around 400 , including more than 140 soldiers ) and a televised " confession " by survivors of the group in Syria last
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
weekend which fingered Saad Hariri for a suicide bombing in Damascus , and still the story does n't end .
Syria this year agreed for the first time in its history to open formal diplomatic relations with Lebanon .
It should be quite a relationship .
The latest chapter began last week when Lebanese soldiers reportedly arrested two brothers – Ali and Yussef Jarrah – as Lebanese agents of the Israeli Mossad intelligence service .
They had , Lebanese authorities claimed , staked out the Kfar Sousa district of Damascus prior to the February car bombing death of Imad Mougnieh , a specialist in the kidnapping of Westerners in Beirut in the mid-1980s .
Ali Jarrah is said to have belonged to Ahmed Jibril 's Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine General Command , the outfit many Arabs ( though not the Scottish courts ) believe set off the bomb on the TWA flight over Lockerbie in 1988 .
The Sunni Muslim Jarrah brothers are distant relatives of the 9/11 hijacker Ziad Jarrah who piloted United 93 into the ground – if it was n't shot down – in Pennsylvania .
But now the tale becomes even darker .
Jarrah was apparently also arrested in Damascus and " questioned " by the Syrian secret police about his supposed links with Fatah al - Islam , the weird and heavily bearded Palestinian group which declared war on the Lebanese army last year .
At the time , the Lebanese insisted that the organisation – with the usual spread of Arab gunmen from Saudi Arabia , Yemen and Algeria – had been sent into the country by Syria to cause anarchy and mayhem in the newly restored democracy of Lebanon .
The group 's leader , Chakar Absi , mysteriously escaped when the battles ended .
Yet this weekend , Chakar Absi 's chadored daughter Wafa , along with 10 dozen rueful - looking men , appeared on Syrian state television to announce that Fatah al - Islam and its " head of security " – a certain Taha Hussein Abdel - Baki al - Hussein al - Walid – had organised the suicide bombing of civilians in a Damascus street on 27 September in an attempt to overthrow Bashar al - Assad 's Syrian regime .
The bombing was carried out by a Saudi and the organisation , according to the somewhat frightened men on the television screen , obtained funds from " Salafist groups " and Saudis and – here was the dagger in the story – from the Future Movement and the Lebanese BankMed financial institution , both run by Saad Hariri , son of the Lebanese ex-premier killed in 2006 .
The US journalist Seymour Hersh has already hinted in The New Yorker that Hariri money – and even American money – had been given to Fatah al - Islam , but Syria 's TV spectacular was on a far greater scale .
Hariri immediately denounced the claim .
No one , of course , doubts that Syria 's principal concern remains the UN 's international tribunal into Rafik Hariri 's murder .
In 2005 , The Independent was the first to announce the forthcoming international court – an event that prompted President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to fly to Syria to tell Mr Assad how serious his position had become – and since then , two young Syrian men have turned up in Beirut to ask my thoughts on whether the tribunal will formally accuse anyone of Hariri 's murder .
The second man arrived last week , anxious over coffee to know if the UN would point the finger at Syria .
I suggested that the Syrian Baath Party security apparatus – though not the president – might indeed know more than it has been revealing .
The young man then questioned me about an article in The Irish Times in which Hariri was allegedly reported as saying he wanted " a road from Beirut to Tel Aviv " .
No such article has ever appeared in The Irish Times .
The young man , who described himself as a reporter for Syria 's first non-government television station – an institution I had never heard of – left without learning anything more than I had myself reported in The Independent .
But his questions mirrored Syria 's own preoccupation with the UN inquiry .
Already , one of the UN 's regular reports was censored in New York to delete the names of Syrian officials who might have been involved in Hariri 's murder , and there is a growing fear in Lebanon that the Americans – in their desire to persuade Syria to hinder the flow of insurgents into Iraq – may be prepared to close down the UN tribunal .
All of which makes the US helicopter strike into Syria this month against alleged al - Qa'ida fighters all the more mysterious .
Then just two days ago , another of the Fatah al - Islam men named on Syrian television by his former colleagues as responsible for the September car - bombing in Damascus was seized by Lebanese troops .
Needless to say – as always in the Levant – everybody is innocent .
Hariri denies any connection with Fatah al - Islam , the Syrians deny they murdered Hariri and the Israelis say Mossad was never involved in Mougnieh 's Damascus death .
The only certainty is that Hariri is dead .
So is Mougnieh .
So are a lot of Syrian and Lebanese civilians .
And – given the bizarre connection with 9/11 – a lot of Americans too .
Syria and Lebanon :
Who 's who
Bashar al - Assad
The British - educated Syrian President who fears destabilisation from long - running UN inquiry into the assassination of Rafik Hariri in February 2005 .
Syria denies involvement .
Saad Hariri
Son of Rafik Hariri and leader of the anti-Syrian party , Future Movement .
Accused by members of Fatah al - Islam of involvement in a car bombing in Damascus on 27 September , seen as an attempt to overthrow the Syrian President .
He denies the claim .
Fatah al - Islam
Radical Sunni Islamist group , led by Palestinian refugee Chakar Absi , fought Lebanese army for control of the Palestinian refugee camp of Nahr el Bared in northern Lebanon last year .
Ali and Yussef Jarrah
Sunni Muslim brothers , arrested in connection with February assassination of Imad Moughnieh of Hizbollah .
Amid talk of cease - fire , eyewitness accounts describe Israel ’s destruction of Gaza
By Julie Hyland
17 January 2009
" Armageddon " is the word used by Times of London correspondent Martin Fletcher , the first eyewitness from the British news media to see the devastation wrought by Israel in Gaza .
Twenty days after the Israeli military unleashed its firepower on the narrow strip of land containing 1.5 million people — more than half of them children — there is " no one left in the ruins to hear the thunder of Israel 's guns , " Fletcher wrote .
The Times correspondent was one of only a handful of journalists allowed into Gaza under tight Israeli supervision on Thursday , and even then only to the outskirts — the edge of the town of al - Atara .
Fletcher described houses and apartment blocks " mostly reduced to their shells " by the constant bombardment , commercial units " crushed " and vegetable fields " churned up by tanks and bulldozers . "
" There is not a Palestinian to be seen , " Fletcher wrote .
The Times supports Israel , but the open savagery it has displayed in Gaza , with the deliberate targeting of civilian areas and reports of summary executions , caused the newspaper to question the repercussions of Tel Aviv 's actions for the long - term stability of the Middle East and Israel itself .
A BBC producer in Gaza , Hamada Abuqammar , said that Israeli air strikes had continued even during the supposed three - hour humanitarian ceasefires .
Medics reported Friday that they had managed to pull a further 23 bodies from rubble in Gaza City , amid reports of " ferocious fighting " in residential areas .
With at least 1,133 Palestinians killed , including 355 children , and another 5,130 wounded , the Israel Defence Forces ( IDF ) are now said to be in the centre of Gaza City in what a military spokesman said could be " the final act . "
Some 40,000 people have fled to United Nations buildings for sanctuary — 25,000 in the last week alone .
But UN buildings are themselves targets for the IDF .
Following last week 's attack on a UN - run school that killed more than 40 people , the central UN headquarters holding humanitarian supplies was hit Thursday , destroying thousands of tonnes of food and supplies urgently required .
The blood - letting went on even as UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , on a " mediation tour " of the Middle East , expressed his " outrage " at the attack on the UN building .
An emergency session of the United Nations General Assembly late Thursday evening , requested by 118 non-aligned member states , also criticized Israel 's offensive .
The Israeli delegation had sought to prevent the session on procedural grounds , with Gabriela Shalev , the Israeli ambassador to the UN , dismissing it as a " cynical , hateful and politicised [ attempt ] to de-legitimize Israel 's fundamental right to defend its citizens . "
But the session proceeded , with General Assembly President Miguel D'Escoto Brockmann accusing Israel of violating international law and stating that Gaza " has been turned into a burning hell . "
As Brockmann spoke there was mounting evidence to confirm reports that Israel is using white phosphorus as a smokescreen for the incursions by its tanks and troops into residential areas .
Phosphorus , which is illegal under Geneva Treaty of 1980 in built - up areas , causes terrible burns .
Abu Shaaban , director of the burns unit at Gaza 's Shifa hospital , told Christian Aid that the situation was a " disaster . "
" We have been receiving a very high number of patients with a strange burn , " he said , " completely different to the burns we are used to managing , very deep burns with a very offensive , chemical odour coming from the wound site ...
" In some cases there is then severe destruction of the tissue and we have had to amputate whole limbs . "
During the emergency UN session , Brockmann rebuked UN member - states for failing " to take the necessary steps to impose an immediate cease - fire , " stating , " [ The UN ] cannot continue to fiddle while Gaza burns . "
But the UN is not simply sitting on the fence in the one - sided conflict .
While distancing itself from Israel 's worst atrocities , the major Western powers are working towards a conclusion that will leave the Palestinians in even more wretched conditions .
Writing in the Independent Friday , Alvaro de Soto , chief UN Middle East peace envoy from 2005 - 2007 , reported that on December 16 the UN Security Council had adopted resolution 1850 , reaffirming its support for the " agreements and negotiations resulting from the 2007 Middle East summit in Annapolis , Maryland . "
The Annapolis agreement was supposedly an initiative by the US to help the " peace process " and establish a Palestinian state by 2009 .
But as the World Socialist Web Site reported at the time , the Palestinian state envisaged is little more than a Western protectorate that could " be imposed on the Palestinians only through a military and political offensive involving the United States , Israel , the European powers and the Arab bourgeois regimes , particularly Egypt . "
The agreement specifically ruled Hamas , which had won the majority of seats in the January 2006 elections to the Palestinian Legislative Council , out of any settlement .
Israel had insisted there could be no reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas and that any " national unity " government was out of the question .
With Washington 's backing , Israel made a clear warning that " Abbas must wage all - out civil war against opposition to Israel .
If Abbas can't or wo n't do it , then Israel will , " the WSWS explained .
Despite its best efforts , Fatah is considered to have done too little , too late , while its alliance with the Zionist state has seen it even further isolated amongst the Palestinian masses .
Twelve days after the UN adopted resolution 1850 , the Israeli bombardment began .
Interviewed in Newsweek on January 10 , Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni explained , " [ W ]e have a situation in which ...
Hamas is getting stronger , while Abu Mazen [ Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ] is getting weaker . "
Rejecting talk of a cease - fire for implying that Hamas could be a legitimate participant in negotiations , Livni said that agreement was possible only with those who accept Israel 's " vision . "
" The only way to continue the peace process is not only by continuing the dialogue with their [ the Palestinians ' ] pragmatic leadership , but also by weakening those who are not willing to live in peace in this region .
This is the strategy , " she said .
In the same magazine , Daniel Klaidman explained that Israel 's " strikes [ on Gaza ] were not simply a reaction ; they were a calculation . "
The ultimate aim , he continued , was " to crush Hamas altogether , first by aerial attacks and then with a grinding artillery and infantry assault .
The hope , however faint , is eventually to allow Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah government to reassert control in Gaza . "
The Jerusalem Post reported that Fatah and the IDF are currently imposing an " Iron Fist " policy in the West Bank , to extinguish Hamas and any other oppositional forces .
The operation is " being carried out in coordination with the IDF and under the supervision of US security experts , " the Post said .
In addition to bans on oppositional activity at universities and schools , " [ T ] he IDF has also been helping the PA security forces by arresting dozens of Hamas men in the West Bank , " it continued .
The article added , " In Bethlehem , Hebron and Ramallah , policemen beat a number of Palestinian reporters and photographers who were covering protests against the IDF operation .
Other journalists have been receiving threats almost on a daily basis from the PA security forces in the West Bank . "
Palestinian Authority policemen " responsible for the massive crackdown received special training in Jordan and the West Bank as part of a security plan engineered by the US , " the newspaper said .
On Friday , it was reported that a teenager had been killed during clashes between demonstrators and Israeli soldiers in the West Bank town of Hebron .
Tayeb Abdel Rahim , a senior aide to Abbas , said that Hamas must be excluded from any talks on the situation in Gaza .
Similarly , UN Secretary General Ban has said that " a return to the status quo ante cannot be an option , " and that the unification of Gaza and the West Bank must be " under one legitimate Palestinian authority . "
Whether Hamas is sufficiently weakened to achieve this end is a calculation in on - going efforts to draw up cease - fire terms .
Reports indicate that Israel and Washington hope to have brokered a deal before US President - elect Barak Obama 's inauguration on Tuesday .
Israeli negotiator Amos Gilad returned to Cairo to discuss terms of an Egyptian - sponsored " peace " deal , which Hamas agreed on Wednesday .
In Washington , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Israeli Foreign Minister Livni signed an agreement " committing the United States to measures to stop Hamas re-arming itself . "
Israel said it will mean the US and NATO taking responsibility for monitoring shipments into Gaza .
In her Newsweek interview , Livni boasted that Israel 's offensive was supported by the Middle East bourgeoisie .
" I do n't want to embarrass anybody , but I know I represent their interests as well .
It is no longer the Israeli - Palestinian or the Jewish - Arab conflict , but it is a conflict between moderates and extremists .
This is the way this region is now divided . "
Mass demonstrations across the Middle East in support of Gaza are increasingly turning on the Arab regimes themselves for facilitating Israel 's slaughter .
In an attempt to rescue some credibility , Qatar had called for an emergency summit of the Arab League on Friday .
The aim , said Qatar 's emir , Shaykh Hamad Bin-Khalifah al - Thani , was not to jeopardise a truce , but to enable a unified Arab position to be formulated .
But US allies Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Morocco , Tunisia , Jordan , Iraq , Bahrain and Kuwait boycotted the meeting , leaving it without a quorum .
A rival summit of the six Gulf Cooperation Council countries called by Saudi Arabia and held in Riyadh on Thursday agreed only to continue its deliberations in Kuwait on Monday , on the eve of a previously arranged Arab economic summit .
Egypt had insisted that no meeting should be held before then .
It has led the way in facilitating Israel 's objectives — participating in the blockade of Gaza and ensuring its borders remain closed , sealing its inhabitants into what has effectively become an open - air tomb .
Its primary concern is that nothing be done to disrupt an Israeli / US - dictated settlement .
According to reports , the truce being formulated under Egyptian auspices would see the IDF remain in Gaza until a timetable for the opening of crossing points — possibly overseen by unspecified " international monitors " — is agreed .
Living in an apartment building , I can spot about twenty active Wi -Fi networks at a time .
And the worst part is that they can all see me , too .
Advertisement
While we 've had RF - blocking paint to cellphone signals for some time , manufacturers have been thwarted when attempting to stop higher frequencies , like we have on home networks .
NaturalNano Develops Cellphone - Blocking Paint NaturalNano has used nanotechnology to develop a type of paint that stops cellphone signals .
It 's Read more
Advertisement
Now a team of researchers from the University of Tokyo has developed an aluminium - iron oxide that blocks radio frequencies up to four times beyond existing anti-RF technologies .
The paint puts out a magnetic field that resonates at the same frequency as the electromagnetic wave ( in this case , a radio frequency ) you 're looking to block .
The good news is that the material should n't be expensive to produce .
Right now it 's estimated to run $ 14 per kilogram .
Assuming our math is correct , if the average gallon of paint runs 2 pounds , then a can of Wi-Fi blocking paint would be $ 50 to manufacture .
That 's not super cheap , but neither is the lifetime of blackmail after your neighbor deciphers your network password and threatens to show the world your earnest , self - shot modeling portfolio .
[ PCWorld via Unplggd ]
If I was ever given just one chart , just one piece of data , to make the case that we were on an unsustainable path that had a date with a long period of contraction and economic hardship , it would be this one .
Figure 1 : This chart compares total debt ( or “ credit ” ) in the U.S. to GDP ( or Gross Domestic Product ) on a percentage basis .
Current total credit - market debt stands at more than 340 percent of total GDP .
As we can see on this chart , the last time debts got even remotely close to current levels was back in the early 1930s , and that bears a bit of explanation .
The debt - to - GDP ratio back then did n’t start to climb until after 1929 ( blue arrow ) , because debts remained relatively fixed in size , while it was the GDP that fell away from under the debts .
With the exception of the Great Depression anomaly , our country always held less than 200 percent of our GDP in debt ( green circle ) .
In 1985 we violated that barrier and have never looked back .
What does this chart tell me ?
It says that what each of us knows to be “ just how the economy works ” is really a historically unusual experiment with debt that is barely 25 years old .
In the sweep of economic history , this barely qualifies as a blink .
It says , if you listen carefully enough , that all of our global economic growth has been fictitious .
An illusion of debt .
Consider that debt had most recently been growing at a rate six times faster than the underlying GDP and you ’ll begin to appreciate just how bogus the recent “ growth ” really was .
Here ’s an example .
Consider two families living side by side .
Each is earning $ 50,000 / year .
At our first “ GDP snapshot ” of these two families , we find that each has a GDP of $ 50 k .
But the next year one of the families goes out and buys an additional $ 50 k of goods and services for itself , using a combination of auto loans , credit cards , student loans , and a home equity line of credit ( HELOC ) .
At our second “ GDP snapshot ” one family is still mired in a $ 50 k GDP but the other has undergone an exciting 100 % growth in their economy and is now sporting a GDP of $ 100k .
But the underlying reality is that each family still has $ 50 k of earning power .
The measurement itself introduced a fallacy by neglecting to factor out the use of credit when measuring “ growth . ”
That is exactly analogous to the US GDP situation and explains why the US , and much of the world , is now in for a very painful adjustment process .
Debt - to - GDP for family # 2 assures that they will be living under the strain of paying down those loans for years to come .
Time spent living beyond one ’s means necessitates a future period of living below one ’s means .
And this is why “ unlocking the credit markets ” is pure fiction .
Nothing needs to be unlocked .
What we need is to recognize the vast damage that we did to ourselves as we elevated and then clung to a set of falsehoods .
The interesting part , as is always true of every bubble , is looking back and wondering how it is that we ever believed these falsehoods .
It never made sense that one country could consume wildly beyond its production forever .
One cannot borrow and consume one ’s way to greater prosperity .
It is not possible for an economy to be 80 % service based , at least not sustainably .
A point I made in the Crash Course chapter on debt , which was that assets are variable but debts are fixed , can be broadened to include the claim that incomes are variable but debts are fixed .
That same spike in debt - to - GDP that weighed down the US during the Great Depression is now set to vault to some new stratospheric record of possibly 500 % or 600 % or more .
And the choices for reversing this ratio to a manageable level , notwithstanding Paulson ’s confusing alphabet soup array of government bailout programs , are quite limited .
Pay the debts down Default on them Inflate them away
That ’s it .
Those are all the options .
All you have to do is decide which is the most likely outcome , and position your life and investments accordingly .
ISTANBUL , Turkey  Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey flew home Friday to a hero ’s welcome from some Turks , and a more muted response from others , after walking off the stage at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , following an angry exchange over the Gaza war with Israeli President Shimon Peres .
Mr. Erdogan ’s decision to leave the debate Thursday had all the overtones of a diplomatic incident , ruffling relations between Israel and a Muslim ally that seeks an important role as a mediator in Middle East peace efforts .
In Davos , Mr. Erdogan apparently became incensed during a panel discussion after a moderator curtailed his response to remarks by Mr. Peres on the recent Israeli military campaign in Gaza .
“ When it comes to killing , you know well how to kill , ” he told Mr. Peres before scooping up his papers and leaving the stage .
Commentators in Turkey said Mr. Erdogan appeared provoked by the fact that Mr. Peres was pointing his finger at Mr. Erdogan and raising his voice in an unusually aggressive manner as the two men argued .
According to Turkey ’s semiofficial Anatolian News Agency , Mr. Peres called Mr. Erdogan by telephone five minutes after the walkout to apologize for any misunderstanding , saying that his remarks about Israel ’s Gaza offensive had not been directed at the prime minister personally .
In Jerusalem , a spokeswoman for Mr. Peres , Meital Jaslovitz , described the telephone conversation as “ positive . ”
But , she said on Friday , there was no apology from Mr. Peres , contrary to the Turkish news agency report .
But Bush 's DoJ Declines to Prosecute ... So Will Obama ?...
Brad Friedman Byon 1/13/2009 , 3:22 pm PT
I 've had this picture in my mind lately , an editorial cartoon - like drawing , of a dam about to break and someone ( Obama ? ) leaning hard up against it in futile hopes of keeping it from bursting forth .
The dam and its contents , in my mind 's eye , are labeled " Bush Administration Crimes and Failures . "
I 've been pondering , over the last several days , how we 're soon likely to learn that everything we think we already know about the historically - unparalleled failures , crimes and cover-ups of the Bush administration , will likely prove to be barely the tip of the iceberg as the Bushies lose their power , and " the files " are finally opened for all to see .
It 's likely to take years , after President Obama is sworn in next week , to unearth the entire breadth of the degradation , filth , corruption and dismantling of federal law and U.S. Constitution under the current administration , and to piece together all of the unshredded and likely - shredded evidence both , and to take in the information likely to pour forth from officials and former officials who finally find the courage to tell the world just how bad it all really was and is ( even if many of them would now be doing so only to salvage their own hide . )
One hint of what will be found beyond the tip of that iceberg , or inside that near - to - bursting dam ( take your metaphorical pick ) comes in today 's remarkable report [ PDF ] from the DoJ Inspector General on the illegal politicization of the hiring practices at the DoJ's Civil Rights Division and " other improper personnel actions " in the division .
It 's remarkable on several fronts .
Not only because it describes the politicization of the department under the Bushies , their strictly illegal hiring practices ; their determined dismantling of a core of career attorneys devoted to years of legal - processes in the fight for civil rights ; as well as perjury and out - and - out lying to Congress , but also because the report itself --- in one last classic stroke of corrupt Bush Administration gaming of the system --- was completed last July , prior to the election , but held for release until today , just 7 days before the criminals ( or at least those who wo n't be still - embedded like cancer cells within the federal buearocracy for years to come ) take their leave .
And , as if all of that is n't bad enough , with the out - and - out finding of criminal wrongdoing in the report ( such as illegal hiring practices and lying about them to Congress ) , the Bush Administration 's own DoJ has decided that no prosecutions should be brought against the Bush Administration 's own DoJ for the Bush Administration 's own DoJ 's now - well - documented actions in breaking federal law .
The bastardization of the DoJ Civil Rights division is a topic which we 've covered closely over the years here at The BRAD BLOG , and even played a part in helping to expose , for example , when the head of the Voting Section in that division , John Tanner , was forced to resign from his post , not long after we 'd video - taped and published controversial ( and inaccurate ) comments he made at a 2007 conference in Los Angeles declaring that disenfranchising Photo ID restrictions at the polling place were more of a concern for the elderly than for African - Americans because " minorities do n't become elderly the way white people do .
They die first . "
( See our now - infamous video , shot by our own Alan Breslauer , at right . )
As today 's ( actually July 's ) report reveals , that would n't be the only unfortunate --- and one might say , " ironic " , given his position --- derogatory remark made about African - Americans by Tanner .
But the bulk of the report , it seems , is devoted to one Bradley Schlozman , who insidiously twisted the mission of the Civil Rights division , brought political prosecutions in order to try and affect the outcome of elections , in violation of written DoJ policy , and attempted ( and arguably succeeded ) in helping to engineer an outright illegal , and ideological purge --- an ethical cleansing , if you will --- at the department , in an attempt to stack it with far rightwing brethren from the Federalist Society , or " right thinking Americans " ( RTAs ) , as he referred to them among friends ...
Talking Points Memo beats us to much of the East Coast punch this morning , but we 're happy to distill and collate much of their copious reporting on this , as they 've posted about 10 different items already today while combing through the stunning report .
Before getting to some of the ugly and amazing details , the key finding , ignored by the Bush Administration 's U.S. Attorney in D.C. who chose not to prosecute , is this :
The evidence in our investigation showed that Schlozman , first as a Deputy Assistant Attorney General and subsequently as Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General and Acting Assistant Attorney General , considered political and ideological affiliations in hiring career attorneys and in other personnel actions affecting career attorneys in the Civil Rights Division .
In doing so , he violated federal law - the Civil Service Reform Act - and Department policy that prohibit discrimination in federal employment based on political and ideological affiliations , and committed misconduct .
The evidence also showed that Division managers failed to exercise sufficient oversight to ensure that Schlozman did not engage in inappropriate hiring and personnel practices .
Moreover , Schlozman made false statements about whether he considered political and ideological affiliations when he gave sworn testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee and in his written responses to supplemental questions from the Committee .
The report goes on to note that Schlozman , who has since been pushed out of the department , following exposure in Democratic - led investigations after they took over Congress in 2006 , is therefore " not subject to disciplinary action by the Department . "
It is recommended , however , " that , if criminal prosecution is declined these findings be considered if Schlozman seeks federal employment in the future , " because , as the report finds , " his violations of the merit system principles set forth in the Civil Service Reform Act , federal regulations , and Department policy , and his subsequent false statements to Congress render him unsuitable for federal service . "
After the Democrats took over Congress , and the U.S. Attorney Purge , from which Schlozman benefited when he was installed as USA in Missouri's Western District , began to come to light ( thanks to blogs like TPM , as opposed to mainstream corporate media who continued , as they do to this day , in their stultifying role of PR mouthpiece to the elected , usually - Republican , elite ) , Schlozman was forced to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee where he went on , the report finds , to perjure himself .
As a DoJ Civil Rights staffer at the time , misunderestimated in an email to The BRAD BLOG just as Schlozman had finished testifying , " his testimony was on the razor 's edge of perjury . "
In fact , as the IG report finds , it was beyond the " razor 's edge " and smack - dab in the perjury zone .
Schlozman was later forced to recant some of his testimony , after pressure from colleagues who he'd previously blamed for his prosecution of a " voter fraud " cases in Missouri just days prior to the 2006 election in strict violation of written department policy disallowing such prosecutions that close to an election .
TPM offers a video collection of the highlights ( or , rather , lowlights ) of Schlozzie 's June 2007 testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee , though our favorite exchange is still the incredible 2:30 minute cross he had with chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , who blew his top during the questioning , as posted at right .
And now for some of the incredible highlights ( or , rather , lowlights ) of statements made via email by the slimy , anti-civil rights zealot , Schlozman --- tapped to oversee hiring in the DoJ's Civil Rights division --- as detailed in the IG 's report .
Remember , as you read these excerpts from the report , that the politicized hiring of career attorneys based on ideology is illegal , and that Schlozman would testify to Congress that political affiliation was not taken into account when hiring such attorneys :
Another example is an e-mail dated January 6 , 2004 , from Schlozman to an attorney hired by Schlozman in the Civil Rights Division .
Shortly after being hired , the attorney sent an e-mail to Schlozman expressing his happiness in the Special Litigation Section , noting that his " office is even next to a Federalist Society member . "
Schlozman replied , " Just between you and me , we hired another member of ' the team ' yesterday .
And still another ideological comrade will be starting in one month .
So we are making progress . "
Schlozman referred to his " ideological comrades " as " Right Thinking Americans " or " RTAs " and those he opposed as " mold spores , " " crazy libs " and worse :
For example , in an e-mail on July 15 , 2003 , to a former colleague , Schlozman wrote , " I too get to work with mold spores , but here in Civil Rights , we call them Voting Section attorneys . "
As part of the same e-mail exchange , on July 16 , 2003 , Schlozman wrote , " My tentative plans are to gerrymander all of those crazy libs rights out of the section . "
In addition , while interim U.S. Attorney in the Western District of Missouri , Schlozman wrote an e-mail to a friend , dated June 15 , 2006 , contrasting his job as U.S. Attorney with his position in the Civil Rights Division .
He wrote :
It has been months since I felt the need to scream with a blood - curdling cry at some commie , partisan subordinate ( i.e. , most of the [ Voting ] section staff until recently ) .
And I feel like the people I now work with are all complete professionals .
What a weird change .
Granted , these changes are nice in many respects , but bitch - slapping a bunch of [ Division ] attorneys really did get the blood pumping and was even enjoyable once in a while .
I think now it 's all Good Cop for folks there .
I much preferred the role of Bad Cop .....
But perhaps the Division will name an award for me or something .
How about the Brad Schlozman Award for Most Effectively Breaking the Will of Liberal Partisan Bureaucrats .
I would be happy to come back for the awards ceremony .
But those " Liberal Partisan Bureaucrats " were not just " mold spores " and " crazy libs " , they were also apparently " psychopathic " and hoping to " overthrow the government " ( ironic as that statement would now seem , given his own behavior in dismantling the government ) , according to Schlozzie , who left the following voicemail for a colleague in February of 2006 :
[ W ] hen we start asking about , " what is your commitment to civil rights ? " . . . .
[ H ] ow do you prove that ?
Usually by membership in some crazy liberal organization or by some participation in some crazy cause .
. . .
Look , look at my résumé - I did n't have any demonstrated commitment , but I care about the issues .
So , I mean , I just want to make sure we do n't start confining ourselves to , you know , politburo members because they happen to be a member of some , you know , psychopathic left - wing organization designed to overthrow the government .
As well , Schlozman was a hands on guy at the Civil Rights division , according to the report , working closely with his fellow anti-civil rights , " voter fraud " zealot buddy Hans Von Spakovsky ( who would later be recess - appointed as Chair of the Federal Elections Commission by Bush ) to keep those " libs " from handling cases on which they wanted to ensure the appropropriate outcome , assigning those " RTAs " instead , as inexperienced as they were , to the job :
Appellate Section Chief Flynn told us that after Schlozman became Acting AAG in June 2005 , he became very involved in the day - to - day assignment and staffing of cases in the Appellate Section .
According to Flynn , Schlozman directed her to assign important cases to new , inexperienced attorneys he had hired .
In an e-mail from Schlozman to Flynn dated December 4 , 2003 , Schlozman wrote , " Please let me know when you decide who is going to argue this 4th Circuit voting appeal .
If [ specific Appellate attorney ] is going to do it , that 's fine .
If it 's the other atty on the case , I will have either Hans [ von Spakovsky ] ( or possibly myself ) do it instead .
The potential stakes are too great to entrust this to either a lib or an idiot . "
And , in another email on a similar point , Schlozman wrote to von Spakovsky about giving an assignment to one particular Voting Section attorney as " a great way " to keep the " crazy lib ... out of our hair for 6 months . "
That last of the obnoxious revelations from the report , for the moment , is one that ensnares both Schlozman and the aforementioned Tanner --- who , we 'll remind you once again , was placed in charge of the DoJ Civil Rights division 's Voting Section --- even as he made the astounding remark noted below , which was subsequently thought so wonderful by Schlozman , that he circulated it to other " RTAs " in the division :
In that incident in August 2004 , Voting Section Chief John Tanner sent an e-mail to Schlozman asking Schlozman to bring coffee for him to a meeting both were scheduled to attend .
Schlozman replied asking Tanner how he liked his coffee .
Tanner 's response was , " Mary Frances Berry style -- black and bitter . "
Berry is an African - American who was the Chairperson of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights from November 1993 until late 2004 .
Schlozman forwarded the e-mail chain to several Department officials ( including Principal DAAG Bradshaw ) but not Acosta , with the comment , " Y'all will appreciate Tanner 's response . "
Acosta said that when he was made aware of the incident , he required Schlozman to make a written apology to him for his role in forwarding the e-mail and that Schlozman did so .
Acosta said that he believed Schlozman wrote him the apology in an e-mail , but we were unable to retrieve Acosta 's e-mails and did not find such an e-mail among Schlozman 's recovered e-mail messages .
Have we mentioned that these people were running the Civil Rights division at the DoJ ?!
The reasons and chain - of - custody for the decision to not bring criminal charges , despite the findings that Schlozman broke federal law , and then lied about it to Congress , remain murky still at this hour .
Zackary Roth at TPM has begun to ask some questions and has received some unsatisfying answers which sound like a whole bunch of bullshit to me .
And then there 's still the questions of who determined to bury the report until now , instead of releasing it --- at the very least to Congress --- in July of 2008 when it was completed , so that they might have had the opportunity to recommend that DoJ prosecute for them having been lied to , under oath , by Schlozman .
Leahy released a statement following the release of the report earlier today , noting that " Not only did senior Republican appointees violate the law in hiring based on politics in the Civil Rights Division , they also lied about it when called to explain themselves to Congress . "
He went on to note that " Lying to Congress undermines the very core of our constitutional principles and blunts the American people 's right to open and transparent government .
Not only did [ Schlozman ] lie to me and the Committee , but he then refused to cooperate with Justice Department 's internal oversight offices ' investigation into illegal hiring practices in the Department 's Civil Rights Division . "
But Leahy reserved his most pointed outrage for comments made this morning on the floor of the Senate describing what happened as " a heinous crime " :
I really wish that the current U.S. attorney 's office appointed by this administration had prosecuted .
I think that the only way you stop such blatant criminal violations by people who know better , people who are sworn to uphold the law , ( unint . ) that they know they 'll go to jail for breaking the law .
...
And when somebody deliberately , purposely sets out to subvert the constitution of the United States , and then lies about it , lies about it , Mr. President , I find that a heinous crime .
We will see some kid who steals a car , they 'll be prosecuted as they probably should .
But when you have a key member of the DoJ lie about it under oath , who subverts the constitution of the United States , all the more reason to prosecute that person .
Mr. President what Mr. Schlozman did was reprehensible , it was disgusting , it was wrong , goes at the very core of America 's principles .
...
And when you have somebody who is part of the Justice Department lie under oath , and do it in a way to cover up subverting the laws that protect all of us , the civil rights laws protect all of us , white , black , brown , no matter what our race , our creed , it protects all of us .
And what has marked this country since the time I was a young lawyer in the sixties , is our adherence to the civil rights laws .
You can't go back to a time where they 're enforced for some but not for others .
Ultimately , Barack Obama may be judged --- at least by folks like me , though I believe I share the opinion of the majority of Americans , if not the politicians on this --- as much for what he does , or does n't do , to enforce the law on the past crimes of the Bush Administration , and thus , in defense of the U.S. Constitution , as he will be for whatever else he may do on the economy , on foreign wars , national security etc .
While an Accountability Division ought to be opened at the DoJ , in truth that 's what the entire department is , theoretically , already devoted to --- at least until the Bush Administration dismantled and bastardized it , in order to use it as their own , personal , political bludgeon instead .
There has been much discussion , of late , about whether Team Obama will or wo n't make accountability for past misdeeds a part of their prime mission .
We already know that the Democratic Congress will do everything they can to " move on " , under the rubric of " looking forward , not back . "
Obama 's people have given indications that they are of the same mind , and the corporate media will undoubtedly join them all , since any such accountability will also ensare them in questions about why the hell they chose to enable the administration by failing to do their jobs --- indeed their Constitutional responsibility , as members of the free press --- in exposing all of these crimes years ago .
But there will be --- as Special Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald described Dick Cheney while prosecuting his Chief of Staff I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , as part of the investigation into who outed a covert CIA agent for the first time in the history of the White House --- a " dark cloud " hanging over the Obama Administration for as long as they ignore accountability for the crimes of the Bush Adminstration .
If they refuse to hold Bush accountable , then the citizens ought to hold them accountable .
In some late good news , however , a federal judge has found today that " the incoming administration of Barack Obama must be given copies of documents the Bush White House has been withholding from Congress on the firings of nine U.S. attorneys . "
Those documents , and the testimony of key White House staffers such as Karl Rove , Harriet Miers and Josh Bolten , have been withheld from the U.S. House Judiciary Committee for years .
Perhaps they 'll finally get them , presuming they 're not already shredded ( our money is on " shredded " ) .
What Congress and / or Obama decide to do with that information , however , will be up to them .
We 'll hope they weigh that decision carefully , as there are many of us prepared to hold them as accountable for their actions , as we were to hold the Bush Administration accountable for same .
Skull Splitter is named after the seventh Viking earl of Orkney The future of Orkney 's Skull Splitter ale has been secured after the drinks industry watchdog decided the brew did not have to be withdrawn .
A report for the Portman Group said its Viking logo was an aggressive theme .
The controversy saw a House of Commons motion being tabled , aimed at protecting Skull Splitter , and the ale has now been cleared for sale .
Norman Sinclair , managing director of the ale 's Sinclair Breweries Ltd , said : " I 'm absolutely delighted . "
He said he was " very relieved that Skull Splitter can continue to be enjoyed here in the UK " .
I would observe in passing that the Portman Group 's adjudication refers to " an aggressive - looking Viking " .
History would suggest that there were not really any other sort of Vikings
Alistair Carmichael
Orkney and Shetland MP Skullsplitter , an 8.5 % ale created more than 20 years ago , is sold internationally .
The brewery said the ale was in fact named after Thorfinn Hausakluif , the seventh Viking earl of Orkney , nicknamed " Skull Splitter " .
Orkney and Shetland MP Alistair Carmichael had said losing the name would be a serious setback , and had called for the complaint to be rejected in his Commons motion .
Mr Carmichael said the name would be inappropriate if it were a low - priced drink aimed at youngsters .
But he said it was an award - winning beer which was bought by " discerning drinkers who appreciate its quality and who drink it responsibly " .
' Great lengths '
Mr Carmichael said : " I am delighted that the brand of Skull Splitter will be preserved .
" I remain highly dubious of the process that brought it into doubt in the first place .
" I would observe in passing that the Portman Group 's adjudication refers to ' an aggressive - looking Viking ' .
History would suggest that there were not really any other sort of Vikings . "
Portman Group chief executive David Poley said : " We have gone to great lengths to be certain that the industry 's house is in order . "
It also cleared Riptide , Punk IPA and Hop Rocker , all from Fraserburgh 's BrewDog .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Have you ever had the sense that you were not alone , that another person , perhaps menacing , was in the room with you ?
And yet , when you look around , no one was there ?
This is a common experience , which researchers call a “ sensed presence . ”
Neuroscientists hypothesize that this common experience likely has a neurological correlate – meaning that activity in some specific part of the brain is responsible for generating the sensation of a presence .
So far , research has validated that hypothesis .
And recently the research team of Michael Persinger had the fortune of capturing a sensed presence event on EEG ( which measures the electrical activity of the brain ) .
The subject is a woman who has had numerous episodes of sensed presence after a head injury .
Persinger now presents a case report of her EEG , recorded while she experienced the sense of a man in the room with her when none was present .
For some reason as yet unknown , 90 % of time a sensed presence is of a member of the opposite sex .
The EEG shows a burst of electrical activity in her left temporal lobe during the event , and of note she perceived the presence to be on her right side .
( Brain activity corresponds to the contralateral or opposite side of the world . )
This confirms prior evidence .
Persinger previously published evidence showing that the incidence of a sensed presence could be manipulated in subjects by using transcranial magnetic stimuation .
When applied to both temporal lobe or the right temporal lobe the incidence was greater than when applied to only the left temporal lobe or when a sham stimulation was done as a control .
He postulates that perhaps a sensed presence occurs when there is a glitch in the communication between the two temporal lobes .
Persinger with another researcher , Tiller , showed that induced sensed presences tend to occur opposite the side of the brain being stimulated , as with the subject in this recent case report .
Persinger and another lead author , Cook , were able to induce the experience of a sensed presence in 9 of 15 volunteers in another experiment using magnetic stimulation .
Of interest , one of the subjects had a history of “ psychicaly ” reading medical diagnoses from photographs .
They reported that they would get flashes of visions in their left upper visual field .
Cook and Persinger document that they were able to increase the frequency of these experiences by applying the magnetic stimulation in a blinded fashion .
They also document that when a subject tries to look at or focus on the location of the presence it moves or evades their gaze .
This line of research has significant implications for anyone interested in the paranormal or mystical experiences .
The experience of sensing a presence that is not physically there often triggers mystical interpretations – as is likely what happened with the “ psychic ” subject in the previous study .
Often times the presence is given divine significance .
Most people assume that whatever they experience is real ( especially if are not intoxicated or if there is no other simple explanation at hand ) .
They therefore will make sense of their experiences within their belief systems or world view .
We see this happen also with the phenomenon of hypnagogic hallucinations ( waking dreams ) , which in the past have been interpreted as demonic visitations but recently are more likely to be seen as alien abductions .
Persinger also showed that low level magnetic fields may induce the experience of a sensed presence .
He postulates that geological activity , which can generate these low level magnetic field , may be responsible for mass hallucinations in areas with a lot of activity .
Or at least increase the incidence of experiencing a sensed presence .
The understanding that our brains are electrochemical machines , albeit highly complex ones , liberates us from grasping at mystical explanations for brain - derived experiences .
Enlarge By Ismail Zaydah , Reuters A wounded Palestinian is carried near a United Nations school in Jabalya in the northern Gaza Strip .
ISRAEL BARS MEDIA ISRAEL BARS MEDIA Foreign journalists were n't able to report from the scene of Tuesday 's shelling of a United Nations school because Israel has blocked their access to Gaza since the war began .
The Israeli army , which controls checkpoints into Gaza , has allowed aid workers and some other foreigners into the Palestinian territory , but has denied entry to reporters from USA TODAY and other news media .
Israel 's decision follows its war in Lebanon in 2006 , when global outrage over televised images of civilian casualties contributed to Israel halting its offensive against Hezbollah militants .
Daniel Seaman , director of Israel 's Government Press Office , told the Associated Press that the absence of foreign journalists was good for Israel because the Hamas militants who rule Gaza fabricate events .
In a statement , the Foreign Press Association said " the unprecedented denial of access to Gaza for the world 's media amounts to a severe violation of press freedom and puts the state of Israel in the company of a handful of regimes around the world which regularly keep journalists from doing their jobs . "
John Daniszewski , the AP 's managing editor for international news , said that " all sides in this conflict should respect the value of a free and independent press and permit access to this critically important story . "
USA TODAY has relied on phone interviews with Gaza residents and on wire agencies including the AP that employ Palestinian journalists in Gaza .
JERUSALEM  International pressure for a cease - fire in Gaza mounted Tuesday after three Israeli artillery shells landed near a girls school Palestinian civilians were using as a shelter , killing at least 30 people .
Several children were among the dead in one of the bloodiest incidents involving civilians since Israel began its offensive against Hamas militants Dec. 27 .
In addition to the fatalities , 55 people were injured , according to Chris Gunness , a spokesman in Jerusalem for the United Nations agency that runs the school .
GLOBAL PLEAS : Pope calls on both sides to start talks MORE ON TENSIONS : Sarkozy calls for end to Mideast fighting The Israeli military said in a statement that an initial investigation showed its soldiers came under mortar fire from militants hiding within the school .
The Israeli soldiers returned fire with their own mortar rounds , killing two Hamas militants , the statement said .
The school was not in session at the time , but it was occupied by hundreds of civilians seeking refuge from the war .
" Hamas has once again cynically chosen to use civilian sites from which to operate , thus endangering the safety of innocent civilians , " said Jonathan Peled , a spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Washington .
" Israel regrets the loss of any innocent civilian lives , " he said .
Hours after the incident , Egypt , backed by France and other European powers , proposed an immediate cease - fire .
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced the initiative at a joint news conference .
There was no immediate response from Israel or from Hamas .
The scope of the offensive makes avoiding civilian casualties difficult .
Israeli forces use air and artillery strikes in coordination with armor and infantry in Gaza , a small but densely populated region of about 1.5 million Palestinians .
Nearly 600 people have been killed in Gaza since the fighting began , according to the United Nations .
Four Israeli soldiers were killed during two separate " friendly fire " accidents since ground forces entered the territory Saturday night .
Hamas has continued to fire rockets into Israeli cities and towns .
Israel announced late Tuesday that it would create a " humanitarian corridor " to provide assistance to Gaza residents suffering from shortages of water , electricity and food .
James Phillips , a Middle East analyst at the Heritage Foundation , said Israel will probably continue to resist international pressure while it attempts to carry out its military objectives .
" Israel anticipated international pressure when it went into Gaza , " Phillips said .
The fighting has sparked outrage in much of the Arab world .
In an audiotape on Islamist websites , al - Qaeda 's No. 2 leader , Ayman al - Zawahri , urged Muslims to strike Western and Israeli targets throughout the world .
Visiting European Union Commissioner Benita Ferraro - Waldner told Israeli leaders that " Israel 's image is being destroyed . "
Israeli President Shimon Peres responded by saying Israel was fighting a defensive war .
Yaakov Amidror , a retired Israeli major general , said Israel needs more time to methodically clear militants from densely populated areas .
" Now it is a race between military pressure and political pressure , " he said .
Contributing : Daniel Estrin , wire services Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Hal Guest
Posts : n/
a
12/12 From Seed : A Different Way To Grow
photo : courtesy of Atmosphere
This thread is devoted to an excellent method of growing our favorite plant .
“ 12/12 From Seed ” is a proven way to grow pot , and produces yields up to 1 gram of dried bud per 1 watt of electricity consumed ( eg : a 400 watt HPS light is able to produce a harvest of 400 grams ) .
It is a very good choice for growers who have a limited amount of space to set up their gardens .
The cannabis grown this way is potent , sticky , and yes …stinky .
Most pot plants suffer no ill effects from being grown under this light regimen .
Typically , in traditional method , the cannabis cultivator will start their plants with a lighting regimen that provides anywhere from 18 to 24 hours of light a day , called the ‘ vegetation ’ phase , to make the plant grow as large as possible , increasing the amount of ‘ budding sites ’ on the plant .
Once the plant has grown large , it is forced into flowering by switching the lighting regimen to 12 hours on / 12 hours off .
This results in plants that produce copious yields , but take up considerable space .
“ 12/12 From Seed ” eliminates the vegetation phase .
As soon as the seed sprouts through the surface it is given a light regimen of 12 hours on / 12 hours off .
Plants grown this way do not grow as tall as they would if given a vegetation phase .
The shape of the plants is also different , losing much of their natural ‘ bush ’ quality .
Our plants tend to be shaped like a “ pole , ” with the main bud formation happening along the main stem of the plant .
This allows the grower to fit more plants per square foot / meter .
It also makes possible gardens in spaces that growing larger , bush - like plants would be impossible .
The shorter height of these plants also works in concert with the limited penetration distance that exists with any / all forms of indoor lighting .
Other than the difference in the lighting regimen , growing cannabis using this method is the same as the more traditional way .
You still need to learn about the other important factors in growing a healthy garden , such as ; proper nutrient levels ; maintaining the correct PH level ; controlling temperature , humidity , and odor ; and providing ventilation .
Because we are starting from seed , most of us use soil as our medium , although other mediums may be used .
Other than that , all other personal choices to control the environment is the same as growing any other way .
This method does have its critics .
Most of these critics have never tried to grow this way , they are just passing along commonly held mis-information without having actual experience .
The main criticism is that the yields gotten from this method are miniscule and not worth the time involved .
We challenge that , with the experience of a grower called “ Atmosphere ” who gets 1 gram of dried bud for each watt of electricity used ( that would be a harvest of 8 ounces from a 250 watt HPS light ! ) .
“ Atmosphere ” had a thread back on Overgrow , which is where many of us first encountered this method , and he is held in high regard among folks who grow this way .
He visits this thread and provides solid information based on years of experience .
Some critics claim that the amount of the main cannabinoid , THC , produced by plants grown this way is less than plants that are allowed to mature with a vegetation phase .
This opinion is based on a study done many years ago , well before modern gardening techniques took hold , and almost certainly did not test any plants that were grown using this lighting regimen .
New tests must be done , that ’s all there is to it .
More importantly , the empirical evidence from those who have grown this way , and the experience of their friends who have smoked these plants , is that this cannabis is just as potent as any they have ever smoked ( strain variety taken into account , of course ) .
If there is any difference in THC percentages , it is minute , and not noticeable to the cannabis consumer .
So pull up a chair , and watch what we do .
Keep an open mind , and observe our results .
Try growing some of your own crops with this method and then make up your mind as to whether there is some mighty fine ganja to be grown this way .
This thread is devoted to an excellent method of growing our favorite plant .
“ 12/12 From Seed ” is a proven way to grow pot , and produces yields up to 1 gram of dried bud per 1 watt of electricity consumed ( eg : a 400 watt HPS light is able to produce a harvest of 400 grams ) .
It is a very good choice for growers who have a limited amount of space to set up their gardens .
The cannabis grown this way is potent , sticky , and yes …stinky .
Most pot plants suffer no ill effects from being grown under this light regimen .
Typically , in traditional method , the cannabis cultivator will start their plants with a lighting regimen that provides anywhere from 18 to 24 hours of light a day , called the ‘ vegetation ’ phase , to make the plant grow as large as possible , increasing the amount of ‘ budding sites ’ on the plant .
Once the plant has grown large , it is forced into flowering by switching the lighting regimen to 12 hours on / 12 hours off .
This results in plants that produce copious yields , but take up considerable space .
“ 12/12 From Seed ” eliminates the vegetation phase .
As soon as the seed sprouts through the surface it is given a light regimen of 12 hours on / 12 hours off .
Plants grown this way do not grow as tall as they would if given a vegetation phase .
The shape of the plants is also different , losing much of their natural ‘ bush ’ quality .
Our plants tend to be shaped like a “ pole , ” with the main bud formation happening along the main stem of the plant .
This allows the grower to fit more plants per square foot / meter .
It also makes possible gardens in spaces that growing larger , bush - like plants would be impossible .
The shorter height of these plants also works in concert with the limited penetration distance that exists with any / all forms of indoor lighting .
Other than the difference in the lighting regimen , growing cannabis using this method is the same as the more traditional way .
You still need to learn about the other important factors in growing a healthy garden , such as ; proper nutrient levels ; maintaining the correct PH level ; controlling temperature , humidity , and odor ; and providing ventilation .
Because we are starting from seed , most of us use soil as our medium , although other mediums may be used .
Other than that , all other personal choices to control the environment is the same as growing any other way .
This method does have its critics .
Most of these critics have never tried to grow this way , they are just passing along commonly held mis-information without having actual experience .
The main criticism is that the yields gotten from this method are miniscule and not worth the time involved .
We challenge that , with the experience of a grower called “ Atmosphere ” who gets 1 gram of dried bud for each watt of electricity used ( that would be a harvest of 8 ounces from a 250 watt HPS light ! ) .
“ Atmosphere ” had a thread back on Overgrow , which is where many of us first encountered this method , and he is held in high regard among folks who grow this way .
He visits this thread and provides solid information based on years of experience .
Some critics claim that the amount of the main cannabinoid , THC , produced by plants grown this way is less than plants that are allowed to mature with a vegetation phase .
This opinion is based on a study done many years ago , well before modern gardening techniques took hold , and almost certainly did not test any plants that were grown using this lighting regimen .
New tests must be done , that ’s all there is to it .
More importantly , the empirical evidence from those who have grown this way , and the experience of their friends who have smoked these plants , is that this cannabis is just as potent as any they have ever smoked ( strain variety taken into account , of course ) .
If there is any difference in THC percentages , it is minute , and not noticeable to the cannabis consumer .
So pull up a chair , and watch what we do .
Keep an open mind , and observe our results .
Try growing some of your own crops with this method and then make up your mind as to whether there is some mighty fine ganja to be grown this way .
Last edited by Hal ; 03-14-2007 at 08:21 PM
..
‘ Magic ’ lights to slash household electricity use
A new way of making LEDs could see household lighting bills reduced by up to 75 % in five years time , thanks to research at Cambridge University .
The new LEDs use Gallium Nitride ( GaN ) , a man -made semiconductor that emits a brilliant bright light but uses very little electricity .
Until now high production costs have made GaN lighting too expensive for widespread use in homes and offices .
The Cambridge University Centre for Gallium Nitride , with funding from the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) , has developed a new way of making GaN which could produce LEDs for a tenth of current prices .
The new technique grows GaN on silicon wafers , which achieves a 50 % improvement in cost and efficiency on previous approaches to grow GaN in labs on expensive sapphire wafers , used since the 1990s .
Based on current results , GaN LED lights in every home and office could cut the proportion of UK electricity used for lights from 20 % to 5 % .
A reduction equivalent to the output of eight power stations .
A GaN LED can burn for 100,000 hours and therefore , on average , only needs replacing after 60 years .
And , unlike currently available energy - saving bulbs , GaN LEDs do not contain mercury eliminating the environmental problems posed by their disposal .
GaN LEDs also have the advantage of turning on instantly and being dimmable .
Professor Colin Humphreys , lead scientist on the project said : " This could well be the holy grail in terms of providing our lighting needs for the future .
We are very close to achieving highly efficient , low cost white LEDs that can take the place of both traditional and currently available low - energy light bulbs .
That wo n't just be good news for the environment , it will also benefit consumers by cutting their electricity bills . "
GaN LEDs , used to illuminate landmarks like Buckingham Palace and the Severn Bridge , are also appearing in camera flashes , mobile phones , torches , bicycle lights and interior bus , train and plane lighting .
Parallel research is also being carried out into how GaN lights could mimic sunlight to help 3 m people in the UK with Seasonal Affective Disorder ( SAD ) .
Ultraviolet rays made from GaN lighting could also aid water purification and disease control in developing countries , identify the spread of cancer tumours and help fight hospital ' super bugs ' .
Source : University Of Cambridge
Israel confirms use of phosphorous bombs
JERUSALEM ( AP ) – The Israeli army dropped phosphorous bombs on Hezbollah guerrilla targets during their war in Lebanon this summer , an Israeli Cabinet minister said Sunday , confirming Lebanese allegations for the first time .
Until now , Israel had said it only used the weapons – which cause severe chemical burns – to mark targets or territory , according to Israeli media reports .
But Cabinet Minister Yaakov Edri said Israel used the weapons before an Aug. 14 cease - fire went into effect , ending its 34 - day war against Hezbollah .
Edri said he was speaking on behalf of Defense Minister Amir Peretz , according to his spokeswoman , Orly Yehezkel .
“ The Israeli army holds phosphorous munitions in different forms , ” Edri said .
“ The Israeli army made use of phosphorous shells during the war against Hezbollah in attacks against military targets in open ground . ”
The Lebanese government accused Israel of dropping phosphorous bombs during the war .
Edri did not specify where or against what types of targets the bombs were used .
White phosphorous is a translucent wax - like substance with a pungent smell that , once ignited , creates intense heat and smoke .
The Geneva Conventions ban using white phosphorous against civilians or civilian areas .
The United States acknowledged last year that U.S. troops used white phosphorous as a weapon against insurgent strongholds during the battle of Fallujah in November 2004 , but said it had never been used against civilian targets .
Israel is a signatory to the Geneva Conventions .
The Israeli military said in July its use of weapons “ conforms with international law ” and it investigates claims of violations based on the information provided .
Overall , more than 1,200 civilians were killed on both sides during the conflict , which started with Hezbollah ’s kidnapping of two Israeli soldiers in July .
Both Israel and Hezbollah have been accused by the United Nations and human rights groups of violating humanitarian law during the conflict .
Israel has been accused of firing as many as 4 million cluster bombs into Lebanon during the war , especially in the last hours before the cease - fire .
U.N. demining experts say up to 1 million cluster bombs failed to explode immediately and continue to threaten civilians .
On Sunday , a cluster bomb exploded in a southern Lebanese village , killing a 12 - year - old boy and wounding his younger brother , security officials said .
At least 21 people have been killed and more than 100 wounded by cluster bombs since the end of the war , the U.N. Mine Action Center said .
Hezbollah , meanwhile , has been criticized for failing to distinguish between Israeli civilian and military targets .
Human Rights
Watch also said the militant group fired cluster bombs into civilian areas of northern Israel during the fighting .
GAZA 
In early January , a week into Israel ’s war in Gaza , the home of Sabah Abu Halima was hit by an Israeli shell .
Ms. Abu Halima , the matriarch of a farming family in the northern Gaza area of Beit Lahiya , was caught in an inferno that burned her husband and four of their nine children to death .
But as she lay in a bed on the third floor of an annex to Shifa Hospital in Gaza City on Wednesday , bandaged all over and in terrible pain , it was less the magnitude of her loss than the source of the fire that was drawing attention , not only from her doctors but also from human rights organizations and even the Israeli military .
Though there has been no independent confirmation , Palestinian officials say her family was hit by white phosphorus , a weapon that militaries use widely to obscure the battlefield but that is also limited under an international convention that bans targeting civilians with it .
The Israeli military issued a short statement on Wednesday , saying it was investigating whether its use of phosphorous weapons was improper and reiterating that it was “ obligated to international law ” in the matter .
Early in the war , Israeli officials would not confirm whether the military was using white phosphorus at all , but said only that it was using weapons in legal ways .
It ’s hard to imagine how this guy was blown out so quickly during his Presidential bid .
Why does Giuliani hate capitalism ?
What red blooded American does n’t believe in shoveling over billions to total failures who brought the world into the worst recession in decades ?
Let ’s just forgive and forget as we wonder if our jobs will exist tomorrow and the economy falls harder because of greed on Wall Street .
How does Giuliani ’s plan to reward failure fit with the capitalism ?
Should n’t success be rewarded ?
Do government handouts really work , as Giuliani is suggesting ?
I guess if you are worth hundreds of millions , perhaps , but not if you are poor .
Then you are screwing the system and a loafer .
Bonuses for Wall Street fat cats are easy political fodder in uncertain economic times , but former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Friday cutting corporate bonuses means slashing jobs in the Big Apple .
“ If you somehow take that bonus out of the economy , it really will create unemployment , ” he said on CNN ’s “ American Morning . ”
“ It means less spending in restaurants , less spending in department stores , so everything has an impact . ”
President Obama admonished corporate America on Thursday after the New York comptroller reported that Wall Street bankers received $ 18.4 billion in bonuses in 2008 .
Then again , Giuliani does seem to be the expert on being a sponger .
He ’s made millions telling third world cities what they already know .
If billions of dollars of handouts are the answer to the problems of America , the country is completely screwed and might as well call it a day .
She said the management at her local NBC station did not want her to call more games the next season .
They made it clear that she had a choice : work for NBC , essentially part time , or continue as a full - time news anchor .
Her boss did not even want her one N.F.L. game for NBC to be shown in Tampa .
“ Had the offer to call more games come two years before , it would have been different , ” she said .
But the opportunity did not arrive until after she was married , pregnant and happy about having made the move into news .
“ They were n’t trying to keep me from my dreams , ” she said .
Image Gayle Sierens is one of Tampa Bay 's most prominent and enduring news anchors , working at WFLA - TV .
Credit ... Charity Beck for The New York Times
One of the area ’s most prominent and enduring news anchors , Sierens is still at WFLA - TV in Tampa .
Super Bowl XLIII ’s arrival in the city means she will co-anchor her usual news shows at 5 , 6 and 11 p.m. from a set built at the N.F.L.
Experience , the league ’s interactive fun zone adjacent to Raymond James Stadium .
Weisman will be there , too , overseeing NBC ’s pregame show .
That Sierens is the only woman to have called an N.F.L. game is not surprising .
Calling games continues to be predominantly a male world at the high school and college levels , especially in football , and as a result , few women get the opportunity to develop for the precious jobs in the pros .
In some college sports , women have broken through .
Doris Burke and Beth Mowins of ESPN , Leandra Reilly of Comcast and Leah Secondo at the Big Ten Network call college basketball games .
So has Michele Tafoya at ESPN .
Many other women are in the more traditional role of analysts .
Pam Ward of ESPN is a rarity , now in her seventh season of calling college football .
Suzyn Waldman , the radio voice of the Yankees , is unique in baseball .
The most prominent female sportscaster is Mary Carillo .
She ’s a tennis commentator , an Olympic host and reporter , a correspondent for HBO ’s “ Real Sports ” and a documentary writer for HBO .
“ The tapes I get are for women looking for studio and sideline roles , ” said Laurie Orlando , ESPN ’s senior vice president for talent development and planning .
“ Our goal is to get the same kind of acceptance for women doing play - by - play . ”
A ' Green Tsunami ' in Brazil The High Price of Clean , Cheap Ethanol
Brazil hopes to supply drivers worldwide with the fuel of the future -- cheap ethanol derived from sugarcane .
It is considered an effective antidote to climate change , but hundreds of thousands of Brazilian plantation workers harvest the cane at slave wages .
If your goal is to start the next Facebook or the next Google , you ’ll need a large amount of upfront cash to jumpstart your business .
If you want to start the next Amazon.com , you ’ll need to invest a significant amount of money to hire engineers and web developers .
But if all you want to do is make enough money to quit your job and start a “ lifestyle ” business , you do n’t need much money at all !
In fact , depending on what your end goal is , you can start an online store for less than $ 6 a month .
The other day , a reader who signed up for my free 6 day mini course asked me the following question .
Your free course is pretty extensive and exhausting to read through .
Can you give me some kind of idea in one simple sentence how much this would cost me to start up ?
It seems there ’s a lot of money to put into this before you even start earning anything !
Frankly , I do n’t have any money to start this up , that ’s why I need to begin earning the money first !
Unfortunately , not everything can be summed up neatly into a single sentence !
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
The Amount Of Upfront Investment Depends On Your Goal
When it comes to starting an online business , your startup costs will depend on several factors !
Here ’s a list of some of the other things you need to consider as well .
Revenue Velocity – How long after launch do you expect to make significant money ?
– How long after launch do you expect to make significant money ?
Barriers To Entry – How hard do you want it to be for someone to copy your business ?
– How hard do you want it to be for someone to copy your business ?
Portability – Do you want to be able to run your business from anywhere ?
– Do you want to be able to run your business from anywhere ?
Scalability –
Do you want the business to scale easily once it grows ?
Today , I ’m going to provide you with an assessment of 3 of the most popular online store business models along with the startup costs involved .
Start An Online Store Dropshipping
Dropshipping is by far the cheapest and easiest way to start selling goods online which is why it tends to be the business model that most new entrepreneurs gravitate towards .
Without going into too much depth , dropshipping is when the online business owner sacrifices some amount of profit in order to avoid having to carry any inventory .
When a customer places an order , the shop owner then places an identical order with their vendor and the vendor ships the product to the end customer .
The amount of profit made is the selling price minus the cost of goods sold and a small dropshipping fee .
Related : Dropshipping Vs Affiliate Marketing : Which Online Business Will Make You More Money ?
Cost To Start
Here ’s the bare minimum investment that you need in order to start a dropshipped online store on a free open source shopping cart platform .
If you tally everything up above , that comes out to between $ 5.45 and $ 76.45 .
$ 5.45 does n’t sound like a whole lot of money does it ?
With a free open source cart , your monthly costs for a bare bones site will be on the order of $ 5 - 6 .
This is how my wife and I started out with our online store Bumblebee Linens .
In fact , we are still on the same open source platform as when we started in 2007 except our web hosting bill is higher due to increased traffic !
However if you are tech averse and do n’t want to deal with any website setup whatsoever , you can opt for a fully hosted platform like Shopify or Big Commerce .
The main advantage is that they ’ll take care of all of the setup for you including payment processing , security etc …
Here ’s an idea of what it costs to run a barebones site on these 2 platforms .
Shopify – $ 29 / month .
Big Commerce – $ 29 / month .
( Optional One Time Cost ) Purchase a template for your website – $ 50 - $ 200
While dropshipping costs much less to start than the other online store business models , there are several disadvantages which I will outline below .
Note :
If you want to easily find dropship vendors , consider signing up for a service like Worldwide Brands .
Revenue Velocity
For one thing , the revenue velocity of a dropshipped online store is much lower compared to a store that purchases inventory up front .
After all , not having to worry about inventory or fulfillment costs comes at a price .
When it comes to dropshipping , your wholesale price will be higher .
In addition , most dropshippers also charge a small fee whenever a dropship order is processed .
All of these costs add up and the end result is that your profit margins will be much smaller .
The other thing to consider is that with dropshipping , you are selling someone else ’s product .
As a result , you will be competing with many other vendors who are are selling the exact same thing .
Well guess what happens when you have multiple sellers of an identical item ?
The price tends to spiral to the bottom .
Thanks to marketplaces like Amazon , the competition is fierce .
And unless MAP ( minimum advertised price ) pricing is strictly enforced , you will just be another retailer trying to compete on the best bargain .
Barriers To Entry
In addition , the barriers to entry will be lower .
Because of the low upfront investment involved and the ease of putting up a website , it can be relatively easy for someone else to copy and replicate your exact same shop .
While they still have to discover who your vendors are , sometimes finding out can be as easy as making a purchase from your store and looking at where the package came from .
Portability / Scalability
But the beauty of running a dropshipped store is that your business will be truly portable and scalable .
Since you do n’t have to worry about inventory , you can run your business from anywhere there ’s an Internet connection .
This means that you could be at a coffee shop or in a foreign country and it would n’t matter .
Because you do n’t have to worry about inventory , your business is also extremely scalable .
With a computer server taking and managing orders , you will only have to hire additional help as your customer support volume rises .
Starting An Online Store With Upfront Inventory
Starting an online store the traditional way with inventory carries all of the same costs as starting a dropshipped store except that you also need to set aside money for your initial cost of goods .
Depending on what you plan on selling , this could range from hundreds of dollars to thousands of dollars depending on the minimum order quantity ( MOQ ) that your vendor requires .
There are many ways to mitigate the risk and be more intelligent about your inventory management which I may discuss in a future article but the bottom line is that you will have to put out more money upfront if you want to carry inventory .
Cost To Start
Once again , here are the costs associated with starting on a free open source shopping cart platform .
Here are the costs if you go with a fully hosted platform like Shopify or Big Commerce .
Shopify – $ 29 / month .
Big Commerce – $ 29 / month .
( Optional One Time Cost ) Purchase a template for your website – $ 50 - $ 200
In terms of initial inventory , I typically recommend that you be prepared to invest at least $ 1000 .
But this dollar amount depends on your sourcing strategy .
If you are using domestic vendors , this can be as low as $ 100 .
But if you are importing from China , I recommend around $ 1 k .
Revenue Velocity
The main advantage of carrying inventory over dropshipping is that you will make a significant amount of money much faster .
As with everything in life , more risk carries more reward which is why my wife and I decided to carry our own inventory when we first started out .
Despite having to risk more money ( about $ 630 ) , we were able to make over $ 100,000 in profit after only a year of being in business .
And unlike dropshipping , the profit margins are much higher and you are in more control over your shipping costs and delivery times .
Barriers To Entry
Carrying your own inventory has other advantages as well .
Because you have to secure vendors in order to source your goods and you have to purchase in bulk , the barriers to entry are much higher than dropshipping .
Since you are in control over your shipping and branding , it ’s much harder to copy your online store idea .
Not only would they have to copy your website but they would also have to find your vendors ( much harder since you are shipping products yourself ) and be willing to shell out more money upfront .
I ’m not saying that it would be impossible to copy your business idea , but in general it ’s much less likely due to the increased upfront risk involved .
Scalability / Portability
Of course the downside is that you have to find a place to store your goods and you have to take care of shipping your product .
However there many ways to get around storing physical inventory .
For example , you can use a 3 PL ( 3rd party logistics firm ) .
A 3PL is basically a warehouse that will store and ship your goods for you on your behalf for a small fee .
In addition , many store owners who sell on both Amazon and their own online store are using Amazon multi channel fulfillment to ship orders as well .
But bottom line when it comes to managing inventory , there are going to be increased headaches as opposed to dropshipping and you ’ll have to weigh the downsides compared to the increase in profit .
There are also cash flow issues associated with paying for upfront inventory that you need to consider as well .
For example , we routinely invest hundreds of thousands of dollars on inventory every year and do n’t see the returns until months later .
Related : 3 Ways To Sell Products Online Without Inventory , Shipping Or Fulfillment
Selling On Amazon With FBA
Selling your goods on Amazon is probably the fastest way to make money selling physical products online .
Compared to starting your own online store , Amazon has an ENORMOUS built in marketplace of customers that are ready to purchase your products immediately .
In fact when I first started selling on Amazon , I just threw up a few products and made $ 3 k in the first month doing practically zero work .
Yes .
The marketplace is that huge !
Now there are many different ways to sell on Amazon that are beyond the scope of this post .
But bottom line , Amazon is going to charge you a lot of money for the privilege of selling on their platform .
Cost To Start
Here are the costs to sell on Amazon as a professional seller .
Amazon Professional Sellers Account – $ 39 / month .
This is required to list your own private label goods online
– $ 39 / month .
This is required to list your own private label goods online Amazon Sellers Fee – 15 % of your revenues
– 15 % of your revenues Amazon FBA Fee – The cost to have Amazon store and fulfill depends on your product .
But as a rough guideline , I would tack on an additional 10 - 15 %
One thing you ’ll notice is that the Amazon fees are extremely high .
And if you take into account FBA fees , you could be paying Amazon 25 - 30 % of your revenues just to sell on their platform .
As a result , you need to sell high margin goods .
If you want to sell private label goods , I would be prepared to invest at least $ 1000 on initial inventory .
You can get by with less , but it ’ll be a much slower ramp up .
Revenue Velocity
The main advantage of selling on Amazon is that you will make a significant amount of money much faster than any other ecommerce business model .
They have a large built in audience and especially over the holidays , it seems like whatever you throw up there will sell .
In fact , I ’ve had several students in my class make 6 figures in less than a year on the platform .
Here are a few examples .
Barriers To Entry
The main downside to selling on Amazon is that all sales are transparent to all other sellers .
For example if you use a tool like Jungle Scout , you can find out roughly how much money a certain product made in the last 30 days .
As a result if you sell a popular product on Amazon , it ’s only a matter of time until copycats come in and flood the marketplace with similar or identical items .
Amazon is a cut throat platform and you have to be constantly on your toes and monitor your listings .
In addition because you do n’t own the channel , Amazon could ban you , change the rules or raise the selling fees at any time .
Here are a few posts that I ’ve written on the topic .
Scalability / Portability
Thanks to FBA , Amazon takes care of storing your goods , shipping them to the end customer and handling returns .
As a result , selling on Amazon is highly scalable .
You also end up spending less on customer support because Amazon handles the majority of it for you .
In fact , the only thing limiting you is your cash flow and your ability to keep Amazon ’s warehouses full of goods .
Once you have your product sourcing flow nailed down , the sky is the limit .
Decisions , Decisions
When it comes to starting an online store there ’s more to consider than just how much it costs to start .
You also have to consider your end goals and how much you are willing to risk in order make money sooner rather than later .
After running my own online store , selling on Amazon , and helping many others start their own dropshipping stores , I can honestly say that there are pros and cons to each option .
What ’s important is understanding what you want out of it , your tolerance for risk , and what you want your end game to be especially if your goal is to improve your lifestyle .
Related : Private Label vs Retail Arbitrage vs Dropshipping vs Wholesale – 8 Ecommerce Business Models Compared
Want To Learn More ?
Did you enjoy this article ?
If so , there ’s more where that came from if you sign up for my full blown course on how to create a profitable online store .
My course offers over 100 + hours of video and includes live office hours where you can ask me questions directly .
If you want to learn everything there is to know about ecommerce , be sure to check it out !
photo credit : Anders V GOAL
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
Sunlight is one source of vitamin D Vitamin D , found in fish and produced by sun exposure , can help stave off the mental decline that can affect people in old age , a study has suggested .
UK and US researchers looked at 2,000 people aged 65 and over .
They found that compared to those with the highest vitamin D levels , those with the lowest were more than twice as likely to have impaired understanding .
Alzheimer 's charities said the research was interesting , but more work was needed to understand vitamin D's role .
It would be interesting if a low level of vitamin D was found to be a risk factor for cognitive problems as it is cheap and easy to remedy
Dr Susanne Sorensen
Alzheimer 's Society Vitamin D is important in maintaining bone health , in the absorption of calcium and phosphorus , and in helping the immune system .
The body makes vitamin D when it is exposed to the sun , or it can be obtained from foods such as oily fish , and those fortified with vitamin D , such as milk , cereals , and soya drinks .
But older people 's skin is less able to absorb vitamin D from sunlight so they are more reliant on obtaining it from other sources .
Supplements Animal and lab studies have previously suggested that the vitamin can have a beneficial effect on cognitive function .
The team from the Peninsula Medical School in Exeter , the University of Cambridge and the University of Michigan , assessed people 's cognition , or comprehension skills .
People who have impaired cognitive function are more likely to develop dementia .
The researchers looked at people who had taken part in the Health Survey for England in 2000 .
Just over 200 had significant cognitive impairment , assessed by looking at people 's attention , orientation in time and space and memory .
The study found that as levels of vitamin D went down , levels of cognitive impairment went up .
The paper will appear in a forthcoming issue of the Journal of Geriatric Psychology and Neurology .
Dr Iain Lang from the Peninsula Medical School , who worked on the study , said : " For those of us who live in countries where there are dark winters without much sunlight , like the UK , getting enough vitamin D can be a real problem - particularly for older people , who absorb less vitamin D from sunlight .
" One way to address this might be to provide older adults with vitamin D supplements .
" This has been proposed in the past as a way of improving bone health in older people , but our results suggest it might also have other benefits .
" We need to investigate whether vitamin D supplementation is a cost - effective and low - risk way of reducing older people 's risks of developing cognitive impairment and dementia . "
Risk factor ?
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " Many foods that contain vitamin D , such as oily fish , eggs and breakfast cereals , are also good sources of vitamin B12 , which , as previous studies have shown , can help protect the brain .
" Diet is known to influence dementia risk .
The best way of reducing your risk of developing dementia is to maintain a balanced diet with regular exercise and frequent social interactions . "
She added : " These findings may be significant , but much more research is needed . "
Dr Susanne Sorensen , head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , added : " One in three people over 65 will die with dementia so research into how we can reduce risk is to be encouraged .
" There was some previous evidence to suggest that people with dementia may have a lower level of vitamin D in their blood but it was not clear if this happened after the onset of disease .
" It would be interesting if a low level of vitamin D was found to be a risk factor for cognitive problems as it is cheap and easy to remedy .
" We look forward to seeing the published results of this new research to help us better understand the potential role of vitamin D in reducing risk . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Transportation is key to our economic prosperity
The # 1 issue ten years ago to us became the infrastructure .
We realized right up front , as a business community , that if we let the infrastructure slip in our communities , we would absolutely commit economic suicide .
So we had to address it .
- Lane Beattie , President and CEO , Salt Lake City Chamber of Commerce
Better transportation = greater economic opportunities for all Better , more reliable transit is an important mechanism to help working families access a broader variety of jobs by enabling them to look beyond their immediate neighborhoods for employment .
- Renata Soto , Conexîon Americas executive director
Moving tourists and their dollars throughout the region Tourism is a huge driver of our economy .
Many people visit our county without their car and we want to move them around and figure out how to connect them to nearby areas easily — rail and public transportation are a big part of that .
- Kristin Jacobs , Broward ( FL ) County Commissioner
Transportation is the key to our future Transportation is a regional issue .
We live in one of the fastest growing cities in America .
We see the projections .
And we know what will happen if we continue to require people to drive their cars to get anywhere .
Other options are critical for our long - term economic success - Mayor Ken Moore , Franklin , Tennessee
We need a strong federal partner to succeed
We ’ve taxed ourselves at the local level to make transportation and transit a priority .
A lot of us in the region have the vision for these projects , but it ’s important that we have a stream of funding that we can rely on .
- Vice Mayor Anu Natarajan , Fremont , California
The issue of transportation should unite us Helping people get to work and to get to jobs , helping employers get access to the widest community of employees ; transportation investments make common sense .
It ’s something that all of us , people from all parts of the political spectrum should be able to agree on .
- Mayor Marc Morial ( formerly of New Orleans , LA ) , President , National Urban League
Transportation is the key to our region ’s success Finding ways to make new , smarter investments in transportation is fundamental for creating a better quality of life for this region , attracting new jobs and helping existing companies expand .
- Dave Williams , Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce
Local economies are the national interest
The importance of urban areas like Nashville to the prosperity of the state is unquestioned .
Anything that can be done to make it a more attractive area , to make it work better , to encourage economic development is a good thing for the nation .
- Mayor Karl Dean , Nashville , Tennessee
Recruiting talented workers with good transportation Recruiting talent is our main economic development strategy .
To do that , we have to have good schools , good places to live , and easy commutes .
And today ’s young employees want to drive less , and transit and good options for biking and walking are part of attracting that talent .
- John Marchione , Mayor of Redmond , Washington
Moving goods faster to compete
To move goods faster means we can’t rely on an ever increasing highway network to move those goods .
We know freight and rail are the way to go to be competitive .
- Kristin Jacobs , Broward ( FL ) County Commissioner
This is one of the coolest iPhone t- shirts I 've ever seen - apart from ours :
The iPhone as designed by Leonardo da Vinci or some cuckoo Victorian scientist .
They have a pretty - pretty hand screen - printed poster too :
Advertisement
Click to view
The t- shirt - which is a completely different take on the pure technical version - could be yours for $ 20 , and the poster for $ 10 .
[ iSteamphone ]
A filmmaker 's dream of building a Hollywood - style studio in the northern part of South Africa has been blocked after a passionate campaign by the local Khoi -San community .
Residents of the remote and desolate town of Pella say they do not care about the millions of dollars promised or the prospect of A - list celebrities flying in on private jets and instead wanted to keep their " sacred " scrubland , which was won in battle by their forefathers .
Desert Star Studios wanted to transform their ancestral lands into a giant studio featuring biblical and cowboy film sets , production offices , stunt tracks , storehouses , and workshops , plus a luxury resort , golf course , and private landing strip .
The consortium planned to spend $ 14 million on the project which it says would create 18,000 jobs and generate a further $ 14.2 million income for the area over the next 10 years – a huge sum for a relatively poor province .
A visit to the semi - desert area can see its potential .
The flat scrubland nestles between giant mountains under clear blue skies .
There are hidden valleys cut by tributaries to the mighty Orange River , and one mountain resembling the doomed Israeli fortress of Masada .
But the filmmakers underestimated the will of the local 5,000 - strong population who put the spiritual value of the land over any potential economic gain and nixed the plan last month .
" No money in the world can buy this land , " says Ina Basson , secretary of the Pella Community Forum .
" It is ours and has sentimental value .
Our forefathers fought the Germans for this land and had to battle to keep it .
They have spilled blood for the land and for us , and it is not for sale .
" [ The producers ] said Mel Gibson and Halle Berry would fly in to do movies , and that Tiger Woods would design the golf course , " adds Ms. Basson .
" We do n't care about them .
We want to live here . "
Desert Star Studios is a joint partnership between South African companies Film Afrika and Charis Productions and US companies Camel Eye Productions and Promenade Pictures .
Rudolf Markgraaff , chief executive at Charis Productions , says his firm had already lined up a film for next year called The Lamb , a " Ben Hur - type " biblical production with a budget of $ 16 million .
" We had hundreds of meetings with local people , the Northern Cape provisional government , and local council but there 's been misinformation and a lack of political will , " says Mr. Markgraaff .
" We thought we did have a deal .
The provincial government said we could have a 99 - year lease instead of buying the land outright which we agreed .
But we never heard anything . "
The plans would have seen the consortium pay $ 1.5 million for 62,000 acres , which Markgraaff says is three times its value .
The residents would also get a 74,000 - acre plot in Goeboop – some 50 miles away – as further compensation .
After Desert Star Productions first courted local and provincial governments , potential partners , and produced a glossy 102 - page brochure that included a letter of support from Mel Gibson , the management approached the residents at public meetings on site .
The Rev. Cyril Smith , whose cathedral would have been made into a Mexican village film set , says the consortium miscalculated the level of opposition and the legal status of the land .
" They should have consulted the residents first but they did n't , which made them very angry , " he says .
" The government , as trustees , are n't allowed to sell this land without their consent , so the film studios will not happen . "
Markgraaff says he was surprised at the opposition .
" This area is desperately poor with 70 percent unemployment , high rates of AIDS , and limited facilities like hospitals and schools .
" We had letters of support from the [ African National Congress ] Youth League , the ANC Women 's League , and another group begging us to make it happen , " Markgraaff says .
" They 're not doing anything with this land . "
" You only have to look at Quarzazate in Morocco to see the potential , " says Markgraaff .
" There was nothing there before they built production facilities – now they 've produced 42 films in the past 10 years attracting investment of $ 1.2 billion . "
He said the consortium has now agreed to a deal with a landowner across the border in Namibia to build a studio there .
Property and land consultant T.C. Cherry , who sits on the board of the South African Property Owners Association , says : " Residents want to be involved in the process from the start and be consulted .
" There 's a saying that ' land is the currency of Africa , ' " he adds , " and people who have fought hard to get it back from colonial times are loathe to give it up . "
One of Pella 's oldest residents , farmer Piet Eiman , is pleased by Desert Star 's decision .
" Not even a handful will I sell to them , " he says , holding pieces of soil in his hands .
" We are part of the land , it can support you from a baby , to a young child , to a man .
It is part of us . "
President - elect Barack Obama ’s economic stimulus package will include hundreds of billions of dollars worth of tax breaks for individuals and businesses , according to a transition official and Democratic aides .
Obama is asking that tax cuts make up 40 % of a stimulus package , the officials say .
The measure may be worth as much as $ 775 billion , a Democratic aide says , meaning tax cuts may constitute more than $ 300 billion of the legislation .
Making tax cuts such a large part of the stimulus may help win support from congressional Republicans .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) said his party would support an immediate middle - class tax cut as part of any stimulus package .
The plan would attempt to boost consumer demand by spending $ 140 billion on tax breaks worth $ 500 for individuals and $ 1,000 for couples , according to a House Democratic aide .
Advertisement
The change would come by altering tax - withholding rules , rather than through a rebate check as with the previous stimulus plan enacted last year , so that workers would see an immediate increase in their take - home pay .
The $ 500 tax credit would apply to the first $ 8,100 of wages , meaning a worker who earns $ 24,400 a year and is paid twice a month would get about $ 60 extra per paycheck for four months .
For businesses , the aide said , lawmakers will use measures similar to those in past stimulus bills , such as allowing companies to get refunds for taxes paid in any or all of the last five years by deducting losses they ’ve incurred now ; those losses can currently only be carried back two years .
Congress is also likely to include incentives such as accelerated depreciation to encourage companies to buy equipment now rather than defer such investments .
The plan also attempts to combat joblessness by offering companies tax breaks for hiring more workers , the aide said .
Here are a couple of Things to See :
The Beartato Genome Project by Sally and Eric Cochrane .
See how interesting science can be ?
Have you seen Is It Funny Today ?
It is a compendium of several webcomics in which you can find out if it is , in fact , funny today .
It is not just a clever name !
Those are the two things I want you to see today .
The anti-gay hate group , the American Family Association has called for a boycott of Campbell 's Soup over their recent ads featuring LGBT people and families .
So , in response we are calling for a buycott and are urging pro-equality consumers to praise the company for showing a commitment to diversity .
Your calls , letters , and emails are needed in the face of the thousands who have called the company with disapproving words .
I re-worded the call to action sent by the AFA :
After sending your email , please call Campbell Soup Company ( 800-257-8443 ) and their Swanson division ( 1-800-442-7684 ) and let the company know you will continue to support them because of their gay and lesbian ads .
yes , i'm getting outta bed .
i just do it in stages .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
AFP
THE job of the drug industry is to provide relief from ailments , and it usually does so with its medicines .
The news on Monday January 26th that Pfizer , the world 's biggest drugmaker , is bidding for Wyeth , a large American rival , should provide a welcome tonic for some .
The legion of lawyers and bankers who specialise in mergers and acquisitions , for example , may at last have something to do .
Pfizer is offering $ 68 billion for its rival , belying the current economic gloom .
The financial crisis and recession have put a brake on most deals , other than mergers between crumbling banks , as credit has dried up and confidence has shrivelled .
The giant American drug company will finance the deal with a mixture of its shares , which have held up reasonably well as markets have dived , cash from reserves and bank loans .
Pharmaceutical companies are in a happier position than firms in other industries .
They are known for large and reliable cashflows , even when economic misery is growing .
Otherwise nervous bankers should not be too fearful of extending credit to Pfizer .
And yet , as the recession takes hold in America , which is by far the most important market for drug giants , growth appears to be slowing .
Even drug sales may be hit in a recession if financially squeezed patients who lack insurance , or with less comprehensive health plans , cut back on their medicines .
Pfizer is not insulated from the economic chill : it says that it will lay off 10 % of its workers , several thousand people , and close five of its 46 factories around the world , in an effort to cut costs by $ 2 billion by 2011 .
Nonetheless , taking over Wyeth would cement Pfizer 's position as the world 's leading drugmaker .
Pfizer 's revenues in 2008 were just over $ 48 billion .
These would be boosted to over $ 71 billion in a combination with Wyeth .
Pfizer clearly reckons that greater scale is an answer not only to the slower growth in the industry but also to the particular problems that it faces .
“ Big pharma ” has long felt the competitive breath of generic drug companies .
In the next couple of years the threat will intensify as billions of dollars worth of branded drugs are set to lose patent protection .
In a year or two , as the world economy starts to return to health , the big firms will have to cope without many of the blockbusters medicines that have traditionally swollen their coffers .
In addition , generic manufacturers are consolidating and growing , producing several large firms with global operations , plus marketing and research budgets to match .
The problem is acute for Pfizer .
Lipitor , a blockbusting cholesterol drug that provides $ 12 billion in annual revenues , is set to go off patent in 2011 .
The pipeline of replacements is not flowing with anything like the rate needed to plug the gap .
Getting hold of Wyeth would provide some protection : costs could be cut by bringing together research budgets and by reducing vast overlapping marketing operations of the two firms .
This is timely as Barack Obama ' s new administration is likely to restrict drug firms from direct marketing to patients .
Other health - care reforms could see buyers for government health schemes demanding bigger discounts from drug companies and even buying more generic drugs .
Wyeth has its own troubles .
Its best - selling drug patents are also set to expire in the next year or two .
But it does have a cash - generating vaccines business and useful biotech expertise , an area where Pfizer has few products .
The latter are handily far less susceptible than traditional medicines to replication by generic drugmakers .
Wyeth also has strong consumer brands , such as its vitamin lines , a flourishing business that Pfizer may regret having dropped in 2006 .
More consolidation could follow among the big drugmakers .
Rumours abound that Pfizer 's approach might flush out a counter - offer from another big drug firm such as Switzerland 's Novartis or Merck , another American company .
A consolidation strategy holds out prospects for short - term gains .
Others suggest that larger drug firms might do better to use their cash to hoover up smaller biotech companies with the best pipelines , a strategy that would constitute a longer - term gamble but with a potentially greater reward .
As frontman for Weezer , Rivers Cuomo soundtracked the nation 's middle - school parties with alt - radio hits like " Buddy Holly , " and single - handedly unearthed an emo nation with 1996's Pinkerton .
A nervous five - year hiatus ensued ; when Weezer finally returned with 2001's Green Album , it was greeted by endless complaints that the new Weezer was never as good as it had been .
These last two years have seen the release of Cuomo 's demos , home recordings , and various oddities as Alone and Alone II , which feature lengthy , freakishly enlightening liner - notes - cum - essays .
From his home in L.A. , Cuomo recently spoke to The A.V. Club about the almost universally acclaimed Alone albums , how Weezer emerged from metal power fantasies , and why constant criticism does n't bother him .
Advertisement
The A.V. Club :
The last two Weezer albums were torn apart critically , but the Alone albums have been really well - received — according to some people , because it 's older material .
Does that give you cognitive dissonance , or bother you at all ?
Rivers Cuomo : I mean , it 's all me .
From ' 92 to 2007 , it 's the best of my songs that did n't make the Weezer records for one reason or another , and I 'm just as proud of them as I am of " The Greatest Man That Ever Lived " or " Pork And Beans " or anything on any Weezer record .
Advertisement
AVC : Pinkerton 's reception seemed to annoy you at the time .
Does that kind of thing still bother you ?
RC : No .
That was a very difficult experience , because I think once you live through something like that and you can continue making albums , you 're pretty much good for the rest of your life .
Advertisement
AVC : Has it been a retroactive validation , how Pinkerton has become such a favorite ?
RC : I guess I do n't think about it too much .
I do want to make music that people love , but I also want to make music that I love .
I know I can't please everyone with anything I do , so I do n't think too much about how other people are going to take things .
Now , if no one was interested in the Alone records , I 'd stop putting them out , but the first one — I know a lot of people really enjoyed it .
So as long as I keep getting reception like that , I 'll continue .
Advertisement
AVC : So you 'll keep putting out the Alone albums if this one goes down equally well ?
RC : Yeah , absolutely .
I still have quite a lot of music left , maybe seven hours of working music , so I could keep putting out Alone albums as long as people want them .
I certainly love the process of putting them together — listening to all the old songs and un-digging them , going through my old journals , figuring out what I was thinking at the time I was writing the songs , going through the old photographs , putting the whole thing together , and telling the story .
Advertisement
AVC : You seem to get a huge kick out of writing the liner notes .
It 's like some of the most extensive autobiography that 's not an autobiography .
RC : [ Laughs . ]
Yeah and that 's disproportionate to how much people enjoy reading them , but I do very much enjoy looking at the big picture , looking back on the last 16 years and seeing all the ups and downs and the hilarious moves I 've made , including my hair on the cover of Alone II .
[ Laughs . ]
And it 's really feeling the sincerity of everything I 've done , how I get so into things and then that passes and I 'm on to something else .
And it 's really great to have a record of the different experiments I 've tried , even the stuff that 's not right for Weezer .
Now it has a home , and now it has a place to come out .
Advertisement
AVC : You talk in the notes about when you were interested in working with classical music for a while , and then you did n't like the atonal direction of the Harvard Music Department .
Is that something you ever came back to ?
RC : I got really into studying classical music again in 2004 , 2005 .
Actually , Brian [ Bell , Weezer rhythm guitarist ] also , we took private composition lessons with a professor at UCLA , Bruce Reich , and at that time , he explained a lot of 20th - century classical music to me , Stravinsky , and even crazier stuff like Boulez and Schoenberg .
And I really started to enjoy it at that point .
But mainly I 've studied a lot of counterpoint , and a lot of analysis of the form .
Some of those studies were a direct inspiration for " The Greatest Man That Ever Lived " on the Red Album .
That song had some deep variations on the form that I studied with Bruce .
One of those variations was done in the focal counterpoint style that I did with Bruce .
I was so excited to show him the album once we were done .
I sent it to him with a note that said , " Hey listen , I think you can hear your influence on here . "
Some of the passages were actually taken from homework assignments that I wrote for him .
I was very sad to learn that he had died recently , and he never got to hear his influence on the Weezer record .
Advertisement
AVC : You are n't afraid to get into the technicals of songwriting and how you studied chord progressions .
You talked a lot about studying the chord progressions of Beach Boys songs , but not so much about where , if anywhere , you felt you were getting any lyrical templates to follow .
RC : I did n't mention that ?
Well , certainly the Beach Boys and the early Beatles records were a huge influence on me lyrically .
I had been coming from a background of listening to heavy metal , and my way out of metal was through the Pixies , Jane 's Addiction , and Sonic Youth .
A lot of those lyrics were intentionally abstract and artsy .
They did n't necessarily make a lot of sense .
They are n't pop lyrics .
Then I heard lyrics like in " Do n't Worry Baby , " where Brian Wilson — in very simple terms , like what a 16 - year old would write — is writing about a girl , or bragging about his car to his friends .
It sounded so refreshing to me .
I think you can hear that feeling of innocence and youthfulness in the lyrics I wrote at that time , like on " Buddy Holly " or " Holiday " or " Surf Wax America . "
That is very much influenced by The Beatles and the Beach Boys .
Advertisement
AVC : Chuck Eddy said he thought Weezer was as much a metal band as any metal band .
It always seemed like you guys had your guitars recorded in a metal way .
RC : I think there is a very subtle shift from the metal I grew up on to Weezer .
I think the big shift was from a minor key to a major key .
That made a huge difference in how it was perceived .
Lyrically , we 're not talking about fantasy stuff like Dungeons & Dragons so much , although there is a D&D reference on the Blue Album .
It 's coming , I guess , not from a place of power and fantasy , but rather an acknowledgment of , " Oh , I do n't actually have a lot of power .
I am a geek . "
Whereas metal is trying to pretend you are not a geek .
Advertisement
AVC : What are you listening to these days ?
RC : Ah , I 'm not really listening to much these days .
I go through these phases where I get really into music , and then not .
Right now , I 'm not listening to much .
[ Long pause . ]
Let 's see .
I just really got into this song I remember from high school , " Anything For You " by Gloria Estefan .
It is such a beautiful song , and her voice just really touches me .
There 's a Lionel Richie song I 've been grooving on recently .
I can't remember the name of it — but yeah , pop ballads .
Advertisement
AVC : Do you still have the Excel spreadsheet that keeps track of your catalog ?
RC : Yeah , I have an excel spreadsheet called The Grand File .
There are a large number of fields : the date , my location , my schedule , what I was doing that day , whatever song I may have written , whatever method I used , and then some journal notes on the day .
This goes all the way back to five years before I was born up until 2003 .
Whenever I find any scrap of information from my past , I 've been putting it in here .
Advertisement
AVC : That must be incredibly massive and useful when you 're putting together the liner notes .
RC : Yeah , it 's very useful , especially because now , I 'm writing a book .
AVC : What are you working on with that ?
RC : I 'm working on two different books at once .
The first one covers the period from 1992 to mid-1994 .
Right now , I 'm just going back and interviewing people and taking lots of notes .
I 'm just starting to flesh it all out .
The other one covers the first 18 years of my life .
That 's mostly a labor of love .
I do n't know how many people would be interested in that .
It is still mostly in the interview stage , talking to old friends and family and seeing what they remember .
Advertisement
AVC : Is that your primary interest right now ?
RC : No .
My primary responsibility besides my family is working with Weezer .
That pretty much sets my schedule .
Book - wise , I just kind of work around that , and it's the same thing with Alone .
These retrospective projects are mostly just labors of love , and I fit them in when I can .
Still , though , there is a lot of time in each day .
I 'm awake 16 to 17 hours , so I find I 'm able to get a lot done .
Advertisement
AVC : On the Hootenanny Tour , it seems like you 're stepping back and letting other people sing on the song , and making it more of a collaborative effort .
Are you trying to be less prominent as a frontman ?
RC : Mainly I 'm just trying to make it interesting for myself .
That 's the motivation for doing the Hootenanny .
Our manager said , " All right , Weezer , it 's time to do another run of these radio- station promo events where you gotta play for the radio winners . "
It just felt like more fun to do Hootenanny , where the radio winners actually bring instruments , and we all jam together .
I do n't find that there is less responsibility on me , because now I have this army of 300 crazed musicians who I have to corral and help make music with .
It 's actually a lot of responsibility , but it 's fun stuff .
I think if I was n't a musician , I would be a high - school band director or orchestra director .
I like working with large groups of musicians and bringing out the dynamics and accomplishing something as a team .
Advertisement
AVC : Has it made touring easier ?
RC : Easy is not a word I would ever use to describe touring .
I would say this last music tour was the most rewarding and the most fun and the most exciting Weezer tour I have ever been a part of .
Yesterday night , we did n’t know much of anything about Palm ’s new phone based on its next - generation platform for sure .
And then Palm unveiled it today at CES–and while there are stray bits and pieces of information that may still be missing –including the price–we now know an awful lot about the phone , even though it ’s still months from release .
Ultimately , I think this phone is going to be judged primarily on its user interface , which looked damn impressive in today ’s demo .
But it ’s worth recording the specs , facts , and figures we know so far , and comparing them to Apple ’s iPhone 3G is irresistible .
Quick summary : The Pre has tons of features in common with the iPhone , but it also has a formidable list of items the iPhone lacks , including a real keyboard , copy and paste , tethering , and a camera with 50 % more megapixels .
After the jump , a T - Grid comparison .
This T - Grid is a work in progress , subject to expansion and revision :
The phones Palm Pre
Apple iPhone 3G
Platform Palm ’s webOS Apple ’s iPhone OS Availability “ First half of 2009 ” Now U.S. carrier Sprint AT&T Price TBD ; 8GB model only $ 199 for 8 GB model or $ 299 for 16GB model with two - year contract Data plan TBD , but it ’ll qualify for Sprint ’s $ 99.99 “ Simply Everything ” plan $ 30 a month for unlimited data ; $ 5 a month extra for 200 text messages Locked ?
It ’ll be Sprint - only Yup , to AT&T Colors Black Black ( 8GB and 16GB ) ; white ( 16GB only ) Size and weight 3.96 ” by 2.34 ” by 0.67 ” ; 4.76 oz. 4.5 ″ by 2.4 ″ by 0.48 ″ ; 4.7 oz .
Screen size and resolution 3.1 ″ ; 480 by 320 3.5 ″ ; 480 by 320 Input Multi - touch touchscreen and slide - out physical keyboard Multi - touch touchscreen with on - screen keyboard Connector Micro USB iPod Dock Connector Accelerometer Yes
Yes
Headphone jack Standard 3.5 mm Standard 3.5 mm Bluetooth Stereo Monaural Voice dialing Not sure No Third - party apps Voice recording Not sure No Third - party apps MMS Yes No Camera 3 megapixels ; LED flash ; not sure if it does video 2 megapixels ; no flash ; no digital zoom ; no video Voice CDMA
Quad - band GSM Data EVDO Rev. A HSDPA
Use as tethered modem ?
Yes !
Via Bluetooth .
AT&T says it ’s coming soon Wi-Fi and GPS Got ’em both Got ’em both Battery I have n’t seen any claims about battery life yet ; removable 5 hours talk time ; 300 hours standby ; not removable Copy and paste ?
Absolutely Tragically , no Web browser Webkit - based browser WebKit - based Safari Web searching Yes , including Google and Wikipedia , at least Yes , via Google or Yahoo E - Mail IMAP , POP MobileMe , GMail , Yahoo Mail , AOL ; other services supported through IMAP Calendar Yes , hopefully with to - do list Yes , but no to - do list Microsoft Exchange support Yes Yes Instant messaging Yes–multiple networks supported Only through third - party apps Office Apps
Not sure on details , but it looks like DataViz may be providing Documents to Go for it Microsoft Office - compatible viewers , but no editing Maps Yes Yes Turn - by - turn navigation Not sure but I ’d guess not , at least as a standard feature
No , but may be coming from third party developer (s ) Music Music player and Amazon music downloads ; supports MP3 , AAC , AAC + , AMR , QCELP , WAV iPod player and iTunes Store ; supports MP3 , AAC ( with or without Fairplay ) , WAV , Apple Lossless , AIFF , VBR formats Video Video player ; supports MPEG - 4 , H.263 , and H.264 formats iPod player , YouTube ; movies through iTunes Store ; supports H.264 and MPEG4 formats Photos Yes Yes Wireless synching
Not sure on all the details , but it features ambitious integration , such as putting Facebook portrait photos into your contact list Yes , through MobileMe Desktop synching
Not sure on details Yes , through iTunes Application store Palm says there will be one Yes , the iTunes App Store
Any additions , corrections , or questions ?
Read more :
Member since Jan 02 , 2009 .
Last seen online 10 years , 5 months ago .
/
A San Francisco doctor is suing a patient for posting a negative review of his office on Yelp.com .
I 'd like to officially give that lawsuit a negative review .
The Yelp Negative Review Lawsuit
First , a little background :
The patient , Christopher Norberg , went to see the doctor -- Dr. Steven Biegel , a chiropractor -- following a car crash in 2006 .
Norberg felt he was billed unfairly .
He posted a review stating such on Yelp , a Web site designed specifically for user - submitted opinions .
So where 's the problem , you might ask ?
Dr. Biegel suggests
Norberg 's review was libelous and caused him to suffer " loss of reputation , shame , mortification , and hurt feelings , " as well as " injury to his business and profession , " according to a copy of the complaint posted on the San Francisco Supreme Court Web site .
Biegel further suggests that the Yelp review " invaded [ his ] right to privacy . "
My Thumbs Down
Here 's why I 'm giving this negative review lawsuit a negative review , then :
There 's a clear difference between libel and opinion .
Stating your opinion is a protected constitutional right .
Biegel 's assertion is that the Yelp review could be interpreted as fact rather than opinion .
I disagree .
First ,
Yelp makes it clear that the reviews contained within its site are just that -- reviews .
Opinions .
Personal experiences .
" Yelp is the ultimate city guide that taps into the community 's voice and reveals honest and current insights on local businesses and services , " the site 's description explains .
That distinction aside , let 's take a look at a couple of the specific phrases from the review listed in the doctor 's complaint :
• " A friend told me to stop going , cause Dr. Biegel billed his insurance company funny awhile before . "
Biegel 's complaint says this phrase " suggests [ he ] is dishonest . "
I 'd suggest that the beginning of the sentence , " a friend told me , " makes it abundantly clear that the statement is someone 's personal opinion .
• " I saw the guy for two visits , expected a bill for about 125 bucks ...
So ends up , Biegel billed me for over $ 500 .
I called to pay , and he could n't give me a straight answer as to why the jump in price . "
Biegel 's complaint :
The words " 'he could n't give me a straight answer ' suggest [ Biegel ] was billing in a fraudulent and dishonest manner . "
Once again , is there really any question we 're looking at one person 's opinion based on his perspective of his experience ?
There are a handful of other similar examples , but you get the gist .
Each excerpt appears to me to be quite clear , especially in this context , that it 's part of a personal review and one man 's personal opinion -- and thus protected speech .
Would You Like a Lawsuit With That Comment ?
Ryan Jacobson , an attorney and cochair of the Entertainment Media and Privacy Law Group at Chicago - based SmithAmundsen , says he comes across plenty of these cases , particularly as Yelp - style review sites become more common .
Indeed , a similar case cropped up just this past October when an eBay seller sued a buyer for leaving a negative review on his page .
Like in the Yelp instance , the review was posted in an area of the site clearly designated for opinions .
The seller just did n't like what it said .
In these sorts of scenarios , Jacobson says the judge is forced to speculate what the writer meant , then consider how an average reader would interpret it within the site 's context .
" Courts generally apply a number of factors in evaluating the speech , " Jacobson explains .
" Opinions are never actionable , but factual assertions that impugn one 's reputation , morality , integrity or even ability to competently perform their job can expose the speaker or writer to liability . "
These lawsuits , Jacobson believes , can have serious implications when it comes to the practical notion of freedom of speech in the modern world .
" [ They ] can have the undesired effect of chilling consumers from expressing their opinions online for fear for retaliation in the courts , " he says .
Suing Over Opinions : An Opinion
That leads me to my final conclusion :
This " I do n't like that review " argument is becoming all too common in our engagement - enabling Information Age .
Countless companies and individuals are turning to the law when an unfavorable opinion shows up somewhere on the Net , and that 's a dangerous door to open .
If a court decides the chiropractor 's patient or our eBay feedback fellow were in the wrong , what will that mean for the future of Internet - based community forums ?
Will we have to eliminate all review - based services and sites ?
Surely there are many negative opinions out there .
If describing an unpleasant experience could get you sued , can these services continue to exist ?
Of course , this is all just my opinion .
If you disagree , that 's fine .
Just do n't post your negative comments here , or I will sue your pants off .
Winding up in the emergency room is bad enough .
But the California Supreme Court ruled Thursday that patients no longer have to worry about getting billed for emergency treatment charges that their HMOs fail to pay .
Health maintenance organizations and patient advocates hailed the decision as an important protection against gouging by hospitals and physicians .
But doctors said it would encourage greedy HMOs to underpay them and that that could put emergency rooms in jeopardy .
The decision resolves one part of a contentious debate that has vexed courts , lawmakers and regulators for years .
But it leaves open the question of what constitutes reasonable payment for emergency services .
Regulations require HMOs to pay hospitals and physicians reasonable fees but do not set out specific amounts .
At issue in the case is a practice known as balance billing , a practice that typically occurs when a patient is treated for an emergency at a hospital that does not have a fee contract with the patient ’s HMO .
Advertisement
In such cases , HMOs say , physicians and hospitals often submit inflated charges .
But hospitals and physicians say that without minimum fee requirements , HMOs routinely underpay them .
Disputing such underpayments is impractical and costly , physicians say , so they bill patients for the balance , hoping the patients ’ complaints will prompt the HMO to pay in full .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger praised the ruling because it “ reaffirms that patients should not be put in the middle of billing disputes between providers and health plans . ”
Two years ago , Schwarzenegger directed his Department of Managed Health Care to adopt regulations banning balance billing , and last year he vetoed a bill that would have set minimum payments for emergency care .
Advertisement
Chris Ohman , chief executive of the California Assn. of Health Plans , said the ruling would help contain healthcare costs and give consumers “ the peace of mind they should have with health insurance . ”
“ They will no longer face the threat of receiving bills from emergency room doctors who want more than the fair payment a health plan is willing to cover , ” he said .
Physicians said they were disappointed by the decision and bristled at the notion that they would overcharge .
They said the loss of patient billing removed what little leverage they had with big HMOs to get fair payment .
“ I understand taking the patient out of the middle , but you ca n’t just give a blank check to the HMOs at the expense of doctors , ” said Dev A. GhanaDev , president of the California Medical Assn. and a trauma surgeon at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton .
Advertisement
“ Me , the little trauma surgeon , going up against Blue Cross of California is like David against Goliath -- no chance , ” he said .
The case considered by the Supreme Court stemmed from a dispute between emergency physicians and the Prospect Medical Group , a Southern California physician organization that operates like an HMO .
It centered on emergency care rendered to its patients at Saint John ’s Health Center in Santa Monica and Northridge Hospital Medical Center .
In August , after failing to negotiate a compromise between physicians and HMOs , the Department of Managed Health Care issued regulations banning balance billing .
Since then , some HMOs and large HMO - like physician groups have declined to renew or have canceled contracts with emergency room physicians in apparent attempts to avoid paying negotiated rates , said Andy Selesnick , a lawyer for the emergency room physicians in the case .
“ Everybody wants 24 - hour service , but nobody wants to get a bill , ” he said .
Advertisement
Many doctors say they fear that any loss in income resulting from the ruling could further strain already strapped hospital emergency rooms and discourage specialists from taking emergency cases .
“ This is really bad for emergency medicine , ” said Dr. Ramon Johnson , an Orange County emergency room physician .
“ This is going to shift a lot of money to HMOs and away from people who actually provide the care . ”
Representatives of the Prospect group did not return calls .
DMHC Director Cindy Ehnes praised the ruling and sought to allay physicians ’ concerns .
“ We wo n’t retreat from efforts to make sure that doctors are paid fairly , ” she said .
Advertisement
Much work is ahead for the DMHC and the Department of Insurance , which also supervises health insurance , said Bryan Liang , executive director of the Institute of Health Law Studies at the California Western School of Law in San Diego .
“ The court really avoided the big issue -- what is ‘ reasonable and fair ’ payment ” for doctors and hospitals , he said .
The DMHC and Department of Insurance “ will have to weigh in on this , and how the amounts will be determined . ”
The ruling could affect a battle between Kaiser Permanente and Prime Healthcare over bills the hospital chain sent to thousands of Kaiser members for emergency care .
Kaiser said it was pleased by the decision .
“ The decision provides much needed protection for California patients , taking them out of the middle of billing disputes between providers and health plans , ” said Benjamin Chu , president of Kaiser ’s Southern California region .
A representative of Prime Healthcare could not be reached for comment .
Advertisement
--
lisa.girion@latimes.com
Galveston parents say cops beat girl in prostitution mistake Couple say police beat daughter , 12
In federal suit , they claim officers mistook the girl for a prostitute
A Galveston couple is suing three police officers who they say arrested and beat their 12 - year - old daughter after mistaking her for a prostitute .
The officers have filed documents saying their conduct was reasonable in light of the facts they had at the time .
Named as defendants are Galveston Police Sgt. Gilbert Gomez and Officers David Roark and Sean Stewart .
Bill Helfand , an attorney for the officers , stressed that the lawsuit allegations have yet to be proven .
" If you go to the courthouse and read any complaint , the allegations are always bombastic , " Helfand said .
" There 's nothing about the allegations that makes them true , just because they 've been made . "
The suit was filed against the officers individually , not the city of Galveston or the Police Department , on August 22 , the last day to file before the statute of limitations ran out .
According to a lawsuit filed in federal court in Galveston , Dymond Larae Milburn went outside her home in the 2000 block of 24th to flip a circuit breaker about 7:45 p.m. on Aug. 22 , 2006 .
Responding to a call that three white prostitutes were soliciting in the neighborhood , the plainsclothes officers jumped out of an unmarked van on Gomez 's orders and one of them grabbed the girl , who is black , the lawsuit states .
The girl contends that the officers did not identify themselves as police and that the officer who grabbed her , later identified as Roark , told her , " You 're a prostitute .
You 're coming with me . "
Her parents , Wilfred and Emily Milburn , heard her cries for help and came outside to see the hysterical girl hanging on to a tree and screaming " Daddy !
Daddy !
Daddy ! " while two officers hit her in the head , face and throat , the family alleges .
One officer hit the girl in the back of the head with a flashlight during the incident , the lawsuit alleges .
The police then left the scene .
Two hours later , Dymond Milburn was examined at the University of Texas Medical Branch emergency room and doctors found she had a sprained wrist , two black eyes , a bloody nose and blood in an ear , according to the lawsuit .
Weeks later , the girl was arrested during classes at Austin Middle School , where she was an honors student , the lawsuit states .
She was tried a year later on a charge of resisting arrest , but the judge declared a mistrial on the first day , according to the lawsuit .
Anthony Griffin , the attorney for the Milburns , said the mistrial stemmed from a remark by an officer on the witness stand .
A new trial is scheduled for February .
Wilfred Milburn was arrested the next day for interfering with police and assaulting an officer in connection with the incident involving his daughter .
Police also found drugs in Milburn 's car , Griffin said .
He said Milburn pleaded guilty to possession of drugs in exchange for having the other charges dropped .
The Milburn family is asking for unspecified damages for physical injuries and emotional problems .
Helfand said the actions were justifiable , given what the officers knew at the time .
Because the Milburn family never filed any complaint with the police department , the incident was not investigated .
The officers remain on the force , a spokesman said .
brian.rogers@chron.com
They are aggressively pouring billions of dollars made in the oil fields into new green technologies .
They are establishing billion - dollar clean - technology investment funds .
And they are putting millions of dollars behind research projects at universities from California to Boston to London , and setting up green research parks at home .
“ Abu Dhabi is an oil - exporting country , and we want to become an energy - exporting country , and to do that we need to excel at the newer forms of energy , ” said Khaled Awad , a director of Masdar , a futuristic zero- carbon city and a research park that has an affiliation with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , that is rising from the desert on the outskirts of Abu Dhabi .
These are long - term investments in an alternative energy future that neither falling oil prices nor the global downturn seems likely to reverse .
Even as the local real estate market is foundering , leaders in politics , business and research from across the globe will flock to this distant kingdom for three days starting Monday for the second World Future Energy Summit , which just one year after its inception here has become something of a Davos gathering on renewable energy .
This year ’s guest list includes a former British prime minister , Tony Blair , and the European Union energy commissioner , Andris Piebalgs , as well as the oil and gas ministers of Oman , Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates .
In attendance will also be executives representing hundreds of companies , large and small , from BP and Credit Suisse to dozens of start - up companies from Europe and the United States .
“ Truth is that locally money is tight as everywhere , and the property market is certainly taking a correction downwards , ” said Richard Hease , whose Dubai - based company , Turret Middle East , organized the conference .
“ But on the renewable energy front , it is business as usual . ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
If we want to avert climate disaster we have to reduce atmospheric CO2 below present levels .
Like Right Now .
This is a big change in thinking .
Until recently many believed we could emit a wee bit more before calling calamity down upon ourselves and everything else .
The new paper in Open Atmospheric Science Journal echoes Bill McKibben ’s piece in the current Mother Jones : The Most Important Number on Earth .
The number is 350 .
That ’s parts per million .
Atmospheric CO2 is currently at 385 ppm and increasing by about 2 ppm a year from the burning of coal , oil , and gas and forests .
Many thought we could get to 450 ppm before disaster .
But the new research is based on improved data on Earth ’s climate history and ongoing observations of change , especially in the polar regions .
The researchers combined evidence of Earth ’s response to past CO2 changes with recent patterns of climate changes .
The results show that atmospheric CO2 has already entered a danger zone .
Coal is the largest source of atmospheric CO2 and the one that would be most practical to eliminate .
The authors also suggest that reforesting cut woodlands and improving farm practices to retain soil carbon could lower atmospheric CO2 by as much as 50 ppm .
They dismiss the notion of geoengineering solutions , noting the price of artificially removing 50 ppm of CO2 from the air would be about $ 20 trillion .
The authors conclude that moving beyond fossil fuels will require a Herculean effort .
But no worse than what went into winning World War II .
The greatest danger , they conclude , is continued ignorance and denial , which will make tragic consequences unavoidable .
Lead author James Hansen of Columbia sees a bright side .
“ Following a path that leads to a lower CO2 amount , we can alleviate a number of problems that had begun to seem inevitable , such as increased storm intensities , expanded desertification , loss of coral reefs , and loss of mountain glaciers that supply fresh water to hundreds of millions of people . ”
Also good to know :
We actually elected a new president promising to usher in an Age of Intelligence .
Let ’s exit the Age of Unequivocal & Dangerous Stupidity as fast as possible .
Julia Whitty is Mother Jones ’ environmental correspondent , lecturer , and 2008 winner of the PEN USA Literary Award , the Kiriyama Prize and the John Burroughs Medal .
Like my post ?
Follow me on Twitter .
Now , why did n’t I do this before !
A perfect way to combine my love of management philosophy and all things Apple , by churning out a playlist of Jobs ’ Top 10 quotes .
What started it all , was this recent article in Fortune Magazine that comes on the heels of Apple being selected as America ’s Most Admired Company .
But what I unearthed there was a slew of golden quotes from Jobs himself , who has quickly replaced Jack Welch as the one business celebrity I ’d like to meet ( although I came pretty close to that in the past ) .
To make it easier to consume , I ’ve broken down the quotes into two sets of five each ( one set on Management and the other on Leadership ) .
Read and Learn , my friends !
Steve Jobs ’ Top 10 Quotes ( after the jump )
5 Management Mantras
# 10 . On Management
My job is to not be easy on people .
My job is to make them better .
My job is to pull things together from different parts of the company and clear the ways and get the resources for the key projects .
And to take these great people we have and to push them and make them even better , coming up with more aggressive visions of how it could be .
# 9 . On Hiring
Recruiting is hard .
It ’s just finding the needles in the haystack .
You ca n’t know enough in a one - hour interview .
So , in the end , it ’s ultimately based on your gut .
How do I feel about this person ?
What are they like when they ’re challenged ?
I ask everybody that : ‘ Why are you here ? ’
The answers themselves are not what you ’re looking for .
It ’s the meta -data .
# 8 . On Firing
We ’ve had one of these before , when the dot - com bubble burst .
What I told our company was that we were just going to invest our way through the downturn , that we were n’t going to lay off people , that we ’d taken a tremendous amount of effort to get them into Apple in the first place — the last thing we were going to do is lay them off .
# 7 . On a CEO succession Plan
I mean , some people say , ‘ Oh , God , if [ Jobs ] got run over by a bus , Apple would be in trouble . ’
And , you know , I think it would n’t be a party , but there are really capable people at Apple .
My job is to make the whole executive team good enough to be successors , so that ’s what I try to do .
# 6 . On Product Strategy
It ’s not about pop culture , and it ’s not about fooling people , and it ’s not about convincing people that they want something they do n’t .
We figure out what we want .
And I think we ’re pretty good at having the right discipline to think through whether a lot of other people are going to want it , too .
That ’s what we get paid to do .
We just want to make great products .
( I think he means “ insanely great products ! “ )
5 Leadership Mantras
# 5 . On Leadership
So when a good idea comes , you know , part of my job is to move it around , just see what different people think , get people talking about it , argue with people about it , get ideas moving among that group of 100 people , get different people together to explore different aspects of it quietly , and , you know – just explore things .
# 4 . On Evangelism
When I hire somebody really senior , competence is the ante .
They have to be really smart .
But the real issue for me is , Are they going to fall in love with Apple ?
Because if they fall in love with Apple , everything else will take care of itself .
They ’ll want to do what ’s best for Apple , not what ’s best for them , what ’s best for Steve , or anybody else .
( this actually reiterates my oft - repeated mantra of “ ubiquitous evangelism ” in companies )
# 3 . On Focus
People think focus means saying yes to the thing you ’ve got to focus on .
But that ’s not what it means at all .
It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are .
You have to pick carefully .
# 2 . On the User Experience
Our DNA is as a consumer company — for that individual customer who ’s voting thumbs up or thumbs down .
That ’s who we think about .
And we think that our job is to take responsibility for the complete user experience .
And if it ’s not up to par , it ’s our fault , plain and simply .
# 1 . On Creativity
That happens more than you think , because this is not just engineering and science .
There is art , too .
Sometimes when you ’re in the middle of one of these crises , you ’re not sure you ’re going to make it to the other end .
But we ’ve always made it , and so we have a certain degree of confidence , although sometimes you wonder .
I think the key thing is that we ’re not all terrified at the same time .
I mean , we do put our heart and soul into these things .
—
And , my favorite , which nails the ethos of living the dream at your job ( that I ’ve written about here )
We do n’t get a chance to do that many things , and every one should be really excellent .
Because this is our life .
Life is brief , and then you die , you know ?
And we ’ve all chosen to do this with our lives .
So it better be damn good .
It better be worth it .
amen .
Sign up to receive Marketing Nirvana posts either in your RSS reader or Email Inbox ( Subscribe now ! )
By Ben Cohen
The problem with lawyers is that their vocation requires they become professional liars .
Many use their powers of persuasion for good , but the majority are simply guns for hire aiming wherever they are paid to aim .
Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz is a tremendously skilled lawyer who has lent his talent to defending people like OJ Simpson and Mike Tyson .
Defending high profile people you know are guilty ( anyone who still thinks OJ was innocent is either mentally ill or plain stupid ) either means you have unbelievable faith in the legal system , or have an unbelievable ego .
I suspect Dershowitz is guilty of the latter , and took the cases for the notoriety rather than a commitment to truth and justice .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Dershowitz has also used his professional skills to defend Israel from its detractors , going to extraordinary lengths to obscure the truth and excuse massive crimes committed against the Palestinian people .
Dershowitz has built a career out of Israeli PR , and can be seen promoting his books on TV shows whenever the crisis in the Middle East flares up .
Dershowitz 's writings have been thoroughly debunked by people like Noam Chomsky and Norman Finkelstein and exposed as completely fraudulent ( check out this great debate between Finkelstein and Dershowitz where Finkelstein demolishes Dershowitz 's book ' The Case for Israel '. ) , yet Dershowitz continues to spout nonsense disguised behind legal rhetoric .
Let 's take his recent article in the Huffington Post .
Dershowitz writes :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
What if Israel defended its citizens the way the British , the French ,
the Americans and the Russians did ?
When German rockets hit British
cities during the World War II , Prime Minister Winston Churchill
retaliated by bombing German cities , killing thousands of German
civilians , and promised to continue until Germany 's unconditional
surrender .
The United States did the same following the Japanese attack
on Pearl Harbor .
The French did much worse in Algeria and the Russians
showed no concern for civilian life in Chechnya or Georgia .
This is a typically dishonest argument much like the one we saw leading up to the war with Iraq .
Saddam Hussein was compared to Hitler , and false analogies were made between pre war Germany and Iraq ( one was a leading industrial power with a highly trained and well equipped military , while the other a bankrupt third world nation with little to no infrastructure ) .
Hamas firing rockets into Israel does not compare to the German bombing of London , where a third of the capitol was destroyed and 32,000 people lost their lives ( as compared to 19 killed in 6 years by Hamas ) .
Dershowitz goes on :
Every Hamas rocket attack against Israeli civilians -- and there have
been more than 6,500 of them since Israel ended its occupation of Gaza
-- is an armed attack against Israel under Article 51 of the United
Nations Charter , which authorizes member nations to respond militarily
to armed attacks against it .
Dershowitz of course fails to mention that Israel has never ended it 's occupation of Gaza , and itself broke internation law when it broke the cease fire ( contrary to conventional wisdom that Hamas broke the cease fire ) .
Therefore , according to Dershowitz , the law must apply in reverse , giving the Palestinians the right to respond militarily .
Dershowitz also says :
No one condemned Great Britain and the United States for the collateral
damage it caused while trying to defeat those who attacked it during
the second world war .
Moreover , Germany did not deny the right of Great
Britain or the United States to exist [ after WW2 ] .
The Hamas Charter not only
denies Israel 's right to exist , it calls for the complete destruction
of the Jewish state .
Surely Israel has as much right to defend its
citizens as did the United States and Great Britain .
This is a false statement as both sides in WW2 committed war crimes , many of which were condemned internationally ( the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki for example ) .
Israel is not exempt from criticism just because Dershowitz perceives it as the victim .
Also Noam Chomsky has dealt extensively with the issue of ' The Right to Exist ' , which appears nowhere in international law and has basically used to halt serious efforts at peace .
Dershowitz 's most specious argument is that Hamas is responsible for Palestinian casualties , not Israel .
He writes :
Hamas has learned how to manipulate the media 's coverage of Israeli
military actions .
They deliberately fire their rockets from behind
civilian shields in order to provoke Israel to respond and kill
civilians .
They are then ready to bring out the cameras to record and
transmit every civilian death around the world ....... The only way to defeat this cynical tactic is for the international
community to place the blame squarely on Hamas for engaging in the
double war crime of targeting Israeli civilians and using Palestinian
civilians as human shields .
I debunked much of this argument in a previous article countering Mitchell Bard 's similar assertions , but it is worth repeating .
Despite Hamas 's use of civilians as human shields , Israel had no right to invade Gaza given the fact that it broke the ceasefire ( something even CNN reported ) .
The Israeli army has killed over 1000 people , many of them women and children .
Nine Israeli human rights groups have now spoken out , writing a letter to their government expressing a " heavy suspicion ... of grave violations of international humanitarian law by military forces " .
The situation in Gaza is deteriorating rapidly , and despite Hamas 's often appalling behavior , it is fighting a war against and occupying nation .
The means may not be justified , but the cause is right , something Dershowitz refuses to acknowledge .
When Americans fought their war of independence against the British , many innocent British civilians were killed in terrorist attacks .
The acts of violence were appalling and wrong , but in a wider context , understandable ( and I speak here as a Brit ) .
Palestinians have as much right to their land and sovereignty as Americans did , and no peace agreement is worth anything unless that fact is acknowledged .
During the decade leading up to the crash of 2007 , some of us warned that excessive lending by reckless banks was an accident waiting to happen .
We were told not to be so silly .
The gods of the financial markets knew what they were doing .
When the global financial system seized up in August of that year , we said there was a risk of an economic pandemic that might plunge the world 's economy into a dangerous tailspin .
This was greeted with derision .
The system was robust , we were told .
Economies were well - placed to withstand any problems , we were told .
The problem would be contained because policymakers had matters in hand , we were assured .
All of which goes to show that Schopenhauer was bang on the money when he said that truth goes through three stages .
In the first stage , it is ridiculed .
In the second stage , it is violently opposed .
And in the third stage , which of course is where we are now , it is accepted as self - evident .
Hindsight is a wonderful thing , but every policymaker now appears to accept that the global financial system was allowed to run out of control , and that the debt - fuelled expansion has resulted in an economic crisis of great magnitude .
It is now accepted that the name of the game is damage limitation ; to prevent what already threatens to be as severe a downturn as any in the postwar era turning into a second Great Depression .
From every quarter of the globe , the recent economic news has been dire .
Credit has dried up , global trade is at a standstill , and economies are shrinking fast .
Britain 's downturn entered a new and more dangerous phase with the news yesterday that the jobless claimant count had burst through the one million barrier , with a 75,000 increase last month .
That 's the sort of increase seen in the savage labour market shakeouts under the Conservatives in the early 1980s and the early 1990s , but which were supposed to have been banished for ever under New Labour .
Well , the reality is that mass unemployment is coming back .
Yesterday 's unemployment figures reflect what was happening to the economy six months or a year ago ; it will be well into next year before the unemployment figures reflect the fact that the economy fell off the edge of a cliff this autumn .
Desperate times call for desperate measures , so policymakers also take it as self - evident that the rules of the game have changed .
In the US , the Federal Reserve has dusted off emergency policies last used by Roosevelt in the 1930s because it is petrified that a slump is a very real threat .
Short - term interest rates have been cut virtually to zero , and the central bank has made it clear that it will leave them there for a long time .
But there is a recognition that the reluctance of banks to lend means cutting short - term rates is a blunt instrument - what Keynes , in The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , called pushing on a piece of string .
As a result , the Fed has also unveiled a series of so - called unconventional measures which , once you strip away the financial complexity and the economic jargon , amount to printing money in a bid to drive down the long - term borrowing costs for business and mortgage loans .
Margaret
Thatcher famously said : " You ca n't buck the market " ; the Fed is about to put that theory to the test .
Why is the Fed taking such drastic steps ?
The short answer is that for the past 18 months the Fed 's conventional weapons have been firing blanks .
The US economy is expected to contract at an annual rate of about 5 % in the final three months of this year , and a period of falling prices is seen as a real threat .
When deflation was last allowed to embed itself in the 1930s it proved hard to budge , and the Fed is determined not to make the same mistake .
All things considered , this is probably the least bad option available , and similar action is being carefully considered by the Bank of England .
The unconventional measures will have proved successful if they make mortgages more affordable and throw a lifeline to cash - strapped firms seeking to refinance themselves at a lower cost .
While no panacea , there is a chance that the recession in the US will bottom out during the course of next year , with a slow recovery in 2010 .
But hang on a minute , I hear you say : is n't there a risk that making borrowing cheaper will get us back in the same dreary speculative cycle that got us into this mess ?
Without the credit controls that buttressed the system in the 1930s , the answer is yes .
There is a risk that the Fed 's manipulation merely substitutes a bubble in the bond market for a bubble in the housing market , and that like all the previous bubbles , this will collapse disastrously .
And there 's a risk that printing money leads to an inflationary surge in two or three years .
The Fed knows all about these risks but thinks they are worth taking : that 's a measure of how serious things are .
• Larry Elliott is the Guardian 's economics editor larry.elliott@theguardian.com
RAIPUR , India ( Reuters ) - Indian police began a probe on Monday into reports that villagers in a tribal area of central India beat 50 women with sticks after accusing them of witchcraft , and cut off their hair .
The villagers acted on the advice of a local spiritual man who said the assault would protect them from evil spirits , in a forest in a poor district of Chhattisgarh state , 400 km ( 250 miles ) from the capital Raipur , police said .
Dozens of women are killed every year on suspicion of being witches or witch doctors in India , where superstition is widespread , especially in rural areas that lack an effective schooling system .
While there are few killings in Chhattisgarh , more than 100 women are tortured , paraded naked or harassed in the state every year , officials say .
“ Police have begun a probe and interrogated dozens of villagers who hosted a nine - day purification ceremony where they forcibly cut the hair of about 50 women branding them witches and also beat them up publicly , ” Radheshyam Nayak , a senior state police officer , told Reuters .
The state passed a Witchcraft ( Prevention )
Act in 2005 to counter a rise in witch hunts , handing out jail terms of up to five years for offenders , though many cases are still reported .
Chhattisgarh ’s Chief Minister Raman Singh called the latest assault “ inhuman , unfortunate and shameful ” and asked the state ’s police chief to investigate the case , a statement said .
公開日：2008/11/17 最終更新日：2010/03/02
CPNI - 957037
SSH 通信において一部データが漏えいする可能 性
SSH （Secure Shell）は、ネットワークを介してインターネット上に置かれているサーバにログインしたり、
コマンドを実行したりするためのプログラムおよび通信プロトコルで、データは暗号化された状態で通信が行なわれます。
SSH で使用される通信方式の一部に対する攻撃方法が報告されています。
SSH を実装する製品が影響を受ける可能性があります。
報告された攻撃方法では 、SSH
がデフォルトで使用する通信方式において、ひとつの暗号化ブロックから
32 ビットの平文を取り出すことができるとされています。
この攻撃が行なわれると 、SSH
セッションが切れることがあります。RFC 4251 では、通信エラーが発生した際再接続すべきとされているため、自動的に再接続する実装の場合、攻撃による影響が大きくなる可能性があります。
攻撃が成立する可能性は低いとされていますが、攻撃が成立した場合、ひとつの暗号化ブロックから
32ビットの平文を取り出すことが可能です。
CTR モードを使用す る
CBC （Cipher Block Chaining）モードではなく CTR（CounTR）モードを使用する。
RFC 4344 において 、SSH
で使用する CTR モードに関する記述がされています。また
、OpenSSH 3.7 以降では CTR モードの使用がサポートされています。
RFC 4251
RFC4251 : The Secure Shell ( SSH ) Protocol Architecture RFC 4253
RFC4253 : The Secure Shell ( SSH ) Transport Layer Protocol RFC 4344
RFC4344 : The Secure Shell ( SSH ) Transport Layer Encryption Modes Information Security Group at Royal Holloway
New study finds flaw with internet security
JPCERT 緊急報告 JPCERT REPORT CERT Advisory VU #958563
SSH CBC vulnerability CPNI Advisory CPNI - 957037
Plaintext Recovery Attack Against SSH TRnotes CVE CVE -2008 -5161
JVN iPedia JVNDB-2008-001963
As the city ’s economy soared and its population grew from 2003 through 2007 , something unusual was happening on the streets and in the subway tunnels .
All those tens of thousands of new jobs and residents meant that more people were moving around the city , going to work , going shopping , visiting friends .
And yet , according to a new city study , the volume of traffic on the streets and highways remained largely unchanged , in fact declining slightly .
Instead , virtually the entire increase in New Yorkers ’ means of transportation during those robust years occurred in mass transit , with a surge in subway , bus and commuter rail riders .
“ What you see is that for the first time since at least World War II , all of the growth in travel in the city has been absorbed by non-auto modes , primarily by mass transit , ” said Bruce Schaller , New York ’s deputy transportation commissioner for planning and sustainability , who wrote the study , which is to be released on Monday .
“ Now we ’ve really turned a corner in the city in that all of the growth in travel over the last four years has been absorbed by mass transit and so , in terms of the city ’s sustainability goals , this is very encouraging to see . ”
/ Vifm / Home
This is an old version of the site .
See vifm .info for the new one .
Vifm is a ncurses based file manager with vi like keybindings , which also borrows some useful ideas from mutt .
If you use vi , vifm gives you complete keyboard control over your files without having to learn a new set of commands .
Cold Onlookers Encourage Man to Kill Himself
Why is it that the cold always seems to bring out the worst in people .
In Changchun , China , Mao Yung , a 28 year - old man , stood in the freezing cold on top of an eight story building , contemplating whether or not to commit suicide by jumping to his death .
Six hours later , commuters , who were stuck on the closed down bridge , finally had enough and began yelling for Mao to hurry up and jump .
“ Jump , quick !
It ’s so cold .
We ’re all here to watch you . ”
Police finally managed to pull the man to safety , but were disgusted by the attitude of the crowd .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Both crew were killed when the Mosquito crashed during the Barton Air show .
The Mosquito was the best RAF aircraft to serve during WW2 , serving in the night fighter , submarine hunter , mine layer , intruder bomber , recon , fighter bomber , ground attack , & anti shipping roles .
I developed an aversion to secularism in my early 20s .
During my university days , in the early 70s , I became the General Secretary of the Federation of Students ' Islamic Societies ( FOSIS ) .
Like most members of FOSIS , I was strongly influenced by the Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt and Jamaat - e - Islami of Pakistan .
These organisations preached a simple message : Islam Good ; Secularism Bad .
So , like other members of the ' Islamic movement ' , I came to think of Islam and secularism as two fuming bulls perpetually at loggerheads with each other .
It was only when I started to read Islamic history that I realised things were not so black and white .
Secularism , I discovered , was by no means alien to Islam .
Not only does it have a strong presence in Islamic history , but secularism played an integral part in shaping classical Islamic thought .
While it was never articulated as a clear and distinct separation of religion and political power , it has been frequently discussed and debated , in various disguises , by many Muslim scholars and thinkers .
I developed an aversion to secularism in my early 20s .
During my university days , in the early 70s , I became the General Secretary of the Federation of Students ' Islamic Societies ( FOSIS ) .
Like most members of FOSIS , I was strongly influenced by the Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt and Jamaat - e - Islami of Pakistan .
These organisations preached a simple message : Islam Good ; Secularism Bad .
So , like other members of the ' Islamic movement ' , I came to think of Islam and secularism as two fuming bulls perpetually at loggerheads with each other .
It was only when I started to read Islamic history that I realised things were not so black and white .
Secularism , I discovered , was by no means alien to Islam .
Not only does it have a strong presence in Islamic history , but secularism played an integral part in shaping classical Islamic thought .
While it was never articulated as a clear and distinct separation of religion and political power , it has been frequently discussed and debated , in various disguises , by many Muslim scholars and thinkers .
To my surprise , I learnt that religious states were an exception rather than a rule in Islamic history .
The great Umayyad and Abbassid empires ( 6611258 ) were based on personal and authoritarian rule .
Their obeisance to religion was purely symbolic .
At best , they were ' semi-secular ' states .
With the sole exception of the Fatimid state in Egypt and Syria ( 909 1171 ) , the states which came into existence after this period were even more secularised .
The Fatimid rulers were fanatical Isma'ili ( a variation of Shia ) but even they were unable to impose their faith on the state .
Most of their population belonged to the Sunni faith ; and , for practical reasons , they often separated affairs of the state from Isma'ili theological considerations .
The movement to separate religion from politics began early in Islamic history .
In classical Islam , it was the rationalists , who tended largely to be philosophers but also included scientists , poets and administrators , who desired a respectable distance between religion and politics .
Known as the Mutazalites – literally the Separatists – these thinkers were against strict , legalistic faith based solely on the notion of a Divine Law ( the Shariah ) and worked to transform Islam into a more humanistic religion .
They argued that with reason alone one could know how to act morally ; and by corollary , there was no necessity to combine religion and statecraft .
The school emerged in the ninth century during the time of al - Kindi , known as ' The First Philosopher of the Arabs ' , who is accredited as its founder .
The Mutazalites boasted such philosophers of distinction as al - Farabi , who argued for a republic ruled by philosophers .
The Mutazalites were pitted against the Asharites , founded by the tenth century theologian al - Ashari .
The Asharites rejected the idea that human reason alone can discern morality and argued that it was beyond human capability to understand the unique nature and characteristic of God .
The state , the Asharites argued , had an important part to play in shaping the morality of its citizens ; hence religion and politics could not be separated .
The Asharites School had the support of giants like the theologian al - Ghazzali , the mathematician and physicist Fakhr al - Din Razi ; and the great fourteenth - century historian and sociologist , ibn Khaldun .
To a very large extent , the history of Islam during the classical period , from the seventh to fourteenth century , can be seen as one gigantic struggle between the Mutazalites and the Asharites .
It was the clear - cut victory of the Asharites that ensured that Muslim societies tended to see religion and politics as two sides of the same coin .
Muhammad Iqbal , the great twentieth - century South Asian poet and philosopher , summed up this position when he declared that " if religion is separated from politics you are left with the terror of Ghengis Khan . "
Iqbal was a mystic .
I , on the other hand , after a long period of studying Islamic history and classical thought , emerged as a rationalist , a contemporary follower of the Mutazalite philosophy .
And , as a rational sceptic , I wanted to know what was really bothering ordinary Muslims – as opposed to hardline followers of the Islamic movement – about secularism .
My travels in the Middle East soon clarified one aspect of the problem .
Secularism in the Muslim world was associated with oppression and suppression of tradition and religious people .
In Egypt , the Muslim Brotherhood was brutally suppressed by the secular regime of Gamal Abdul Nasser , and its leaders tortured and executed .
The Ba'athist regimes in Syria and Iraq were even more vicious .
Secularist political parties , such as the National Liberation Front in Algeria and the Constitutional Party in Tunisia , openly advocated anti-religious policies and persecuted anyone who identified with Islam .
Secularism in the Muslim world was always presented as an ideology in direct opposition to religion .
As such , it became a force for exclusion rather than inclusion .
Secularists not only denigrated religion but went out of their way to marginalise the vast majority of traditional Muslims from both politics and economic opportunity .
The religious people I met during my journeys argued , not surprisingly , that secularism had reduced Islam to servant status , there only to be manipulated by those who hold the vast majority and their religion in utter contempt .
There was another problem .
Traditional Muslims often equated secularism with Europeanisation .
It was seen as a product of Europe , a product that retains its essential Eurocentric core .
Under secularism , the European ideas of liberty and freedom become the only basis for the future of Muslim societies and cultures because they are seen as the only universal standard by which liberty and freedom are assessed and understood .
Thus , to embrace secularism in its totality , I was repeatedly told , amounts to becoming an appendage of western civilisation : it involves giving up the Islamic notions of community , where absolute freedom of the individual is restricted by public interest and concerns of the community , and certain moral principles which play an important part in shaping individual , social and cultural behaviour .
Moreover , the distinct history of Islam is subsumed into the ' Universal River ' of secularist , western history .
So , for traditional Muslim communities , standing up to secularism was seen as a necessity for cultural survival and for preserving certain cherished notions of Muslim identity .
My travels in Turkey provided numerous illustrations of these concerns .
When , at the beginning of the twentieth century , Kemal Ataturk introduced secularist reforms in Turkey , he presented secularism as a superior ideology and pitted it against a perceived inferior religion .
Islam , he declared , was a clear hindrance to progress and there should be no remnants of Islam in Turkey .
The Ottoman Caliphate must be abolished ; schools , colleges and universities must be Europeanised ; traditional scholars must be humiliated ; and European policies and administration must be introduced .
Europe had to be imitated in minute detail , up to and including how one dressed and behaved .
So , Ataturk banned beards , turbans and the hijab , ordered everyone to wear European dress , and appointed the military as the guardians of Turkish secularism .
He replaced Ottoman history based on religious community with a ' national history ' he hoped would replicate the history of the West .
" There is only one civilisation " , he declared , the European civilisation .
And a secularist society must " imitate it in all respects " .
Muslim attitudes towards secularism began to change at the beginning of the 90s .
The failure of the theocratic state in Iran , and the Islamic movements in general , led many Muslim scholars to rethink their position on secularism .
Writers and thinkers in Iran , Pakistan and Turkey began to argue that secularism had a role to play in Muslim societies .
But if Muslims were to accept secularism , both secularism and religion had to be reformulated .
Conservative religion based on the notion of monolithic Truth and immutable Divine Law cannot tolerate secularism .
But a notion of secularism that is equated with atheism , Europeanisation and an absolute notion of freedom cannot be accommodated with religious societies either .
An acceptable notion of secularism had to be based on Islamic history and the teachings of Islam itself .
Throughout the 90s , the noted Indian Muslim reformer and campaigner Asghar Ali Engineer , for example , argued that both ' Islam and secularism have to be liberalised ' .
The Koran , Engineer suggested , provides support for ' liberal or non-theistic secularism ' .
Moreover , the constitution developed by Muhammad in Medina can also be used to shape a secularist society .
Engineer pointed out that Indian Muslim scholars ' drew the inspiration for creating a composite secular nation in India from the Prophet 's Convent in Medina ' .
Muslims in other countries can use the same religious basis for developing a ' liberal secular political dispensation ' .
Other thinkers sought philosophical routes to Islamic secularism .
For example , Abdolkarim Soroush , the well - known Iranian philosopher and reformist , used the thought of classical Mutazalite thinkers to develop a philosophical argument .
He argued that ' extra- religious concerns ' , such as democracy , human rights and pluralism , should take ' logical precedence ' over ' intra - religious concerns ' , such as the role of religious scholars and notions of religious truths .
This has been the case in much of Islamic history .
Genuine theocracies , such Iran , where political power is in the hands of the religious scholars , and Saudi Arabia , where there is an alliance between the monarchy and religious scholars , Soroush suggested , are a modern aberration .
Both the logic of Islamic history and the logic of a globalised world dictate that religious and political power should be totally separated within Islamic societies .
Many other thinkers and scholars now argue that Muslims should see secularism not as a theology of salvation , a la Ataturk , but as a pragmatic concern .
During the 90s , I had a long - running argument with my friend Iftikar Malik , a British Pakistani political scientist and historian , and author of Islam and Modernity .
Both of us were concerned about the sharp increase in religious feuds and violence in Muslim societies .
The only way to solve this problem , Malik argued , was to separate huqooq Allah ( the rights of God ) from huqooqal ibad ( the rights of people ) .
The rights of God should be left to the individual and his conscience ; the state should concern itself only with the rights of the people .
In this context , secularism is n't so much the opposite of sacred as the antithesis of chauvinism , ethnocentrism and fanaticism .
A Muslim secularist would n't be disrespectful towards Islam – indeed , he or she may be a devout believer – but equally respectful to all religions , Malik suggested .
And religious symbolism , such as the hijab , would be treated for what it is : a symbol .
It will not be seen as a threat to the ' secular ' nature of the state but as an exercise in the public expression of ' the rights of God ' .
" So secularism comes not at the expense of religion but as a method for reinterpreting and revisiting religion itself , " Malik declared .
Such arguments are now gaining ground in Muslim societies .
Ironically , Muslim societies may be led towards a reformulated secularism and a reformed Islam by Turkey – just as Malik has been predicting for so many years .
Secularist Turkey has a bona fide Islamic government that is committed both to the principle of separation of religion and politics and to bringing the ethics and morality of Islam into public affairs .
Many in the Muslim world look towards Turkey as an ideal democratic , liberal , secular and Islamic state .
If Turkey joins the European Union , its status as the model for other Muslim states to imitate will be confirmed .
Thus , a new synthesis between Islam and secularism may yet emerge .
Share
Tweet
Pin 1 shares
If you are into your Star Wars and indeed into your trainers , you might want to seek out a pair of the Adidas Superstar Force trainers .
They ’re available for a limited time from September and available in two looks – the black , which are Darth Vader - influenced and the lighter shade , which is inspired by Yoda .
And check out the logos on the shoes – which use the Star Wars font .
In the US , they will retail for $ 150 , which is around £ 75 .
I ’ve not yet found a UK retailer .
Find out more at the Adidas website
Via Complex
therawstory
David Edwards and Jeremy Gantz
Echoing Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ’s words one week ago , New York Sen.
Charles Schumer said Sunday that he could support prosecution for Bush officials that participated in torture or broke other laws .
“ If there are egregious cases , I do n’t think you can say , blanket , no prosecutions , ” Schumer told Fox ’s Chris Wallace Sunday morning .
“ If there are egregious cases , yes , you have to look at them . ”
Last Sunday on the same television show , Pelosi signaled that she ’s open to backing prosecutions of Bush administration officials , telling Wallace that “ you look at each item and see what is a violation of the law … ”
But Schumer was far from aggressive , repeating President Obama ’s comment earlier this month that “ we should be looking forward , not backward . ”
President Obama said two weeks ago that he was not ruling out possible prosecution for abuses committed under the George Bush administration , saying no one “ is above the law . ”
“ We ’re still evaluating how we ’re going to approach the whole issue of interrogations , detentions , and so forth , ” then President - elect Obama said in a TV interview when asked about alleged abuses under Bush .
“ Obviously we ’re going to be looking at past practices and I do n’t believe that anybody is above the law , ” he said .
With wire reports .
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast Jan. 25 , 2009 .
( Source )
DETROIT  Chrysler said Wednesday that it would close all 30 of its factories for at least one month , starting at the end of this week , in response to plunging vehicle sales in the United States .
The company said the plants , which employ 46,000 union workers , would resume production no sooner than Jan. 19 .
Some will remain closed for several more weeks .
Normally , the Detroit automakers close their plants for about two weeks at the end of the year .
In addition , Ford Motor said Wednesday evening that it would extend the holiday shutdown at most of its plants to a third week .
Meanwhile , worries that Chrysler could be forced to file for bankruptcy have spooked many auto dealers into borrowing so much money from the automaker ’s lending arm that the company said it might need to suspend the loans .
When you think about it , it 's ridiculous : almost all of those billions of e-mails that find their way around the globe every day are sent in the clear with no encryption of any kind applied to the message .
There are two ways to encrypt e-mail : with S/ MIME , built into Apple 's Mail application — but this requires getting ( read : buying ) a certificate — and GPG .
GPG is a command line utility and GPGMail is a plugin that lets Mail.app use GPG to create and check digital signatures and to encrypt and decrypt messages .
Unfortunately , as the GPGMail team has put it , " GPGMail is a complete hack , relying on Mail 's private internal API .
Use it at your own risks ! "
One of these risks is that Apple brings out OS X 10.4 or 10.5 and it takes many months or even more than a year for an update to come out that supports the new OS .
( But complaining is easy ; GPGMail is open source , so do n't complain too much .
Help with coding instead . )
Anyway , fairly recently , GPGMail 1.2.0 was released .
Leopard users can finally read and write encrypted mail again .
Yippee !
For those of you who have no idea what I 'm talking about but are still reading :
These days , simply encrypting something is pretty easy .
There are several strong algorithms around and computers are plenty fast to run them .
The problem is : how do you make sure the intended recipient and nobody else is able to decode the message ?
This is where public key cryptography comes in .
There are several algorithms that have two different keys : a public one for encryption or checking signatures , and a private one for decryption and creating signatures .
Simply generate a pair of keys , keep the private one and publish the public one , and you 're in business .
Well , not entirely .
The problem that remains is how to be sure that a public key belongs to a certain person .
For HTTPS / SSL , this issue is handled by " trusted third parties " ( I 'm sorry , I ca n't say those words with a straight face ) such as Verisign or DigiCert , who provide a certain level of assurance that a public key ( in the form of a certificate ) belongs to the party the certificate says it belongs to .
However , that 's not free — not as in beer ( certificates cost money ) and also not as in speech , because only organizations that can bribe Apple , Microsoft , the Mozilla Foundation , et cetera get to be " trusted " third parties .
This is where GNU Privacy Guard ( GPG ) comes in .
GPG is an open source tool that encrypts , decrypts , signs , and checks signatures .
It also manages a " key chain " of public keys and a web of trust .
The idea is that , rather than having a list of trusted third parties and trusting them when they say that someone is who they say they are , everyone manages their own trust relationships and exports these for use by others .
So , if I trust Jacqui and Jacqui trusts Clint , just attaching her signature to his public key would n't ensure me that this public key is indeed Clint's .
But if David and Eric also sign Clint 's key , that 's good enough for me and I 'll trust Clint 's key , too .
( Note that " trust " just means " knows that this is indeed that person 's key . "
It 's perfectly reasonable to sign a stranger 's key after checking his or her ID . )
GPG is a command line tool , but after installing it and generating a public / private key pair and uploading it to a key server , it 's generally not necessary to use the command line — GPGMail adds a bunch of menu items to Mail that make it possible to use GPG from within Mail .
BUFFALO , N.Y. --
Sabres goalie Ryan Miller on Tuesday accused an NHL referee of using a profanity in response to a question the player asked during Buffalo's 4 - 3 win at Pittsburgh a night earlier .
Miller told several reporters after practice that the exchange occurred during the second period Monday , after he said he respectfully asked a referee a question .
Miller would n't say which of the two referees working the game -- Tim Peel or Justin St. Pierre -- had made the comment .
He also did n't say what he had asked the official .
" To be honest , I was respectful , " Miller said .
In an e-mail to The Associated Press , NHL spokesman Frank Brown said he was checking with the league 's hockey operations department regarding Miller 's complaint .
The goalie raised the issue after he was asked what he discussed with coach Lindy Ruff at the end of practice .
Miller said he joked with Ruff that the exchange with the official might have played a factor a few minutes later when the Sabres were issued a bench minor penalty for arguing an interference penalty against Thomas Vanek .
Ruff was n't available for comment because he had spoken to reporters before Miller .
The complaint comes a week after Dallas Stars forward Sean Avery was suspended for six games by the NHL for making crude comments regarding his ex-girlfriends dating other hockey players .
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman deemed Avery 's behavior as unacceptable and detrimental .
Avery has apologized for his remarks and has agreed to be evaluated for anger management .
Though he 's eligible to return Dec. 16 against Phoenix , the Stars have not yet determined whether to allow him to remain on the team .
Car sales around the world dried up in the last quarter of 2008 .
What are the prospects for an industry so reliant on credit and consumer confidence ?
Correction to this article
Bloomberg News
THE symbolism of the freezing temperatures in Detroit this week was lost on no one .
The mood at the annual motor show was sombre , the razzmatazz noticeable only by its absence .
Nobody needed reminding that General Motors ( GM ) , normally the dominant exhibitor and until recently the world 's biggest carmaker , would be in the bankruptcy courts but for emergency federal loans just before Christmas .
GM 's plight is only the most dramatic expression of the bleak state of the global car industry .
Sales figures published the week before the show confirmed what everyone already knew : the second half of 2008 saw the most savage contraction of demand since the modern industry was formed after the second world war .
No company or country has been immune from the collapse .
Last month sales of cars and light trucks in America fell by 35.5 % compared with a year ago ( see chart 1 ) .
In France , despite government incentives designed to prop up the market , sales were down by 16 % ; in Spain they fell by almost half ; in Japan by 22.3 % .
Even in Brazil and China years of double - digit growth turned into sharp declines in the last quarter of 2008 .
The woes of Detroit 's Big Three carmakers have received most attention because of the toxic cocktail of factors that has made them especially vulnerable .
They relied too much on mammoth pickup trucks and SUVs , which no one wanted when petrol prices hit $ 4 a gallon .
Their finances were already strained after years of restructuring .
And they were the most exposed to the American market , which was hit first and hardest by the financial crisis .
Beyond Detroit
But in the past few months the agony has spread to just about every other leading firm .
Judged by American sales over the whole of last year , the Big Three suffered most .
Ford and GM dropped by more than 20 % in 2008 , and Chrysler by 30 % .
Toyota , number two in the market , fell by 15 % ; Hyundai , Nissan and especially Honda ( down by 8 % ) did a little better .
However , the year - on - year figures for December show that the pain was more evenly distributed by the end of the year ( see chart 2 ) .
Except for Chrysler , where sales dived by 53 % , almost all the big carmakers suffered percentage declines in the low to mid-30s .
Toyota and even Honda did slightly worse than both GM and Ford , which may have discounted prices more heavily in the run-up to Christmas .
Prestigious brands have been clobbered as much as volume manufacturers .
BMW 's American sales fell by 40 % in the year to December and those of Mercedes by 32 % .
Rolls - Royce , whose customers might be thought impervious to hard times , sold 29 cars in December 2007 , but precisely none last month .
The cause is no mystery .
It all began more than a year ago in America with the subprime - lending crisis and then the doubling of oil prices .
Buyers with below average credit ratings found it increasingly hard to borrow to buy cars , new or used .
Dearer pump prices set off a scramble to swap gas - guzzlers for smaller vehicles , which in turn led to a collapse of residual values .
By the second half of 2008 the contagion of tightening credit and waning consumer confidence was spreading to other mature markets in Europe and Japan .
Even the BRICs ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) , the great hope of the global car industry , slowed from a sprint to a limp .
However , the real trouble came only in November , in the financial meltdown begun by the failure of Lehman Brothers .
As the credit system seized up and stockmarkets panicked , global car sales buckled .
According to different estimates , the volume of world car sales in November fell by between 20 % and 24 % .
Nigel Griffiths , the head of automotive forecasting at Global Insight , describes the “ highly synchronised nature ” of the collapse in light - vehicle sales at the end of 2008 as “ completely without precedent ” .
That view is shared by Sergio Marchionne , the blunt - speaking architect of the near - miraculous revival of Fiat .
In an interview last month with Automotive News Europe , he declared : “ What we are seeing is unprecedented .
I have never seen the failure of so many systems at once . ”
Asked for his sales forecasts for 2009 and 2010 , Mr Marchionne , who has a reputation with analysts for keeping his promises , confessed : “ I honestly do not know .
It 's not that I refuse to make a projection .
I just do n't have a reliable context in which to make the projection … I abstain . ”
Mr Marchionne can at least be thankful that Fiat ( except Ferrari and Maserati ) is not exposed to the American bloodbath and is in its strongest financial condition for many years .
Nonetheless , he makes no bones about the priority for the coming year : survival .
He says : “ We 're just going to slam the brakes on , use as many temporary lay - offs as needed , cut everything back to essentials .
It 's like going swimming but never knowing if you can stand up because the bottom is so unstable you simply can't tell when you have reached it . ”
Almost every carmaker has a similar plan .
Toyota , the world 's biggest and most profitable , expects its first - ever operating loss in the financial year that ends in March .
It said on January 6th that it would cease production for 11 days in February and March at all 12 of its factories in Japan , and that it would sack half its temporary workers and negotiate wage cuts with permanent staff .
It had already decided to halt work for three days this month and to reduce output by 27 % .
GM and Ford have cut back by a similar amount .
Across the world carmakers are mothballing factories and dropping shifts .
They are postponing or aborting the launches of new models .
They are offering huge ( and unaffordable ) incentives to lure bargain - hunters into empty showrooms .
But even these drastic measures may not be enough to save large parts of the industry .
The reason is chronic overcapacity , exacerbated by a recent binge of factory - building .
CSM
Worldwide , an automotive - market consultancy , estimates that the world could produce about 94 m cars a year — about 34 m more than it is buying .
In North America alone , capacity exceeds demand by around 7 m vehicles .
In the seemingly insatiable BRICs , the lag between the burgeoning demand of the past few years and the investment to meet it means that dozens of new factories are coming on stream at precisely the wrong moment .
Struggling with closed credit markets and insupportable operational gearing , carmakers are going cap - in - hand to governments to plead for loans to get them through the next few months .
Some , such as GM and Chrysler in America and possibly Jaguar Land Rover in Britain ( bought last year from Ford by Tata Motors of India ) , need state loans just to stay in business ; others are demanding money to stave off the permanent closure of factories .
Nearly all are urging governments to provide them with the cash to allow them to carry on lending to customers .
Liquidity and lubrication
How much of the downturn in sales can be attributed directly to the freezing of credit is hard to say .
But credit is the lifeblood of the car business .
More than two out of three sales in Europe are credit - financed .
In America more than 90 % of new cars are bought with some form of financing .
For most customers , no credit means no new car .
Credit is the carmakers ' most potent marketing tool .
Finance is made available to dealers to ensure they hold adequate inventories and to give them an incentive to “ move the metal ” ( support is withdrawn for cars that remain unsold for too long ) .
It also allows them to offer loans at low interest rates or leases on attractive terms , perhaps packaged with insurance or maintenance .
Cheap finance is often a better tool for carmakers than a straight rebate on the purchase cost would be , because it helps maintain both the prices of new cars and residual values .
What has made the credit crunch so painful for carmakers is the almost total dependence of their captive financial - services subsidiaries on wholesale funding , which has become scarce and expensive .
In May Daimler 's finance arm paid 5 % on a bond issue ; in December it had to pay 9 % .
Late last month GMAC ( attached to GM ) received $ 6 billion from the American Treasury 's Troubled Asset Relief Programme ; almost at once GM and its dealers offered 0 % interest on five 2008 models and relaxed their lending criteria .
State backing can help for a while , but unless other sources of funding reopen soon , the future will remain grim .
According to Exane BNP Paribas , the five largest European captive finance businesses will need to raise € 10 billion ( $ 13 billion ) in medium - to long - term debt this year .
They will also have to absorb rising losses on bad loans to customers and dealers , as well as the cost of returned lease cars that are now worth far less than once assumed .
All the signs are that governments in Europe as well as the new administration in Washington will help their national carmakers — at a price .
The president of France , Nicolas Sarkozy , has made it clear that support for PSA Peugeot - Citroën and Renault will depend on production staying in the country .
Other governments are likely to impose similar conditions .
However , because of their relative financial strength , European and Asian car firms will be better placed than the Big Three to resist political interference in the running of their businesses once the crisis is over .
That is why Ford is still hoping ( with some prospect of success ) to get through the year without having to ask for a handout .
It has indicated it would like access to a $ 9 billion short - term credit line if there is no improvement in the market during the second half of the year , but it is desperate to avoid being cast as a basket case as GM and Chrysler have been .
Of all the 11 big volume carmakers , Chrysler is the most likely to disappear this year .
Customers are deserting it in droves ; its product quality , according to the latest Consumer Reports survey , is so far below its competitors ' that the magazine could not recommend any of its vehicles ; its pipeline of new models is almost empty ; unlike Ford and GM , which have successful foreign subsidiaries , it is almost entirely reliant on the brutal North American market ; and its majority owner , Cerberus Capital Management , would love to be shot of it .
The best that Chrysler can achieve with the $ 4 billion lent to it by the federal government is either to engineer an orderly bankruptcy or to attract a bottom - feeding buyer by dressing up the bits that could be sold — the Jeep brand and possibly Chrysler and Dodge minivans .
GM 's position is more complicated and will prove a test for the new administration and Congress .
For a start , it is bigger than Chrysler : so big , indeed , that its failure could bring down hundreds of parts suppliers on which Ford and the Asian “ transplants ” — Toyota , Honda and Hyundai — also depend .
That almost systemic risk to America 's light - vehicle industry persuaded the reluctant Bush administration to stump up $ 13.4 billion to keep GM going until Barack Obama 's team decides what to do with it .
GM , unlike Chrysler , contains a profitable business struggling to get out .
Its products have been improving rapidly and it has the technological resources to be a leader in low - emission powertrains .
The Chevrolet Volt , a plug - in hybrid , is due to be launched next year .
Despite its difficulties at home , it is strong in most big markets abroad , especially China , which within a few years will be the world 's largest .
That said , GM has well - known problems : too much debt , too many dealers and brands , high labour costs , and crippling liabilities to pensioners .
In its plea for bail - out funds last month , the company promised to shed up to 31,000 jobs , close nine plants and renegotiate a four - year labour contract which it signed with the United Auto Workers ( UAW ) in 2007 .
GM also wants to close 1,750 dealerships , possibly eliminate its Saturn brand and convince banks and bondholders to swap two - thirds of its debt for equity .
Under the terms of the loan , GM must show that all this is in place by February 17th to qualify for the final $ 4 billion payment .
Unless the Obama administration is more sympathetic than its predecessor , GM must win the approval of its stakeholders by March 31st or be forced into repayment of the loans and certain bankruptcy .
If GM misses the deadline — possible , given displays of reckless brinkmanship by the parties involved — or scrambles over the line but still needs more money to stay in business , it will be at the mercy of congressional Democrats who would like to make it an instrument of their environmental agenda .
Nothing would damage its long - term prospects more than being forced by politicians to build cars for which the market is not yet ready .
If Congress wants GM to make more fuel - efficient cars it has a far better remedy at hand : raising taxes on petrol , which is once again absurdly cheap .
Whatever happens to GM , the effects will be felt throughout the industry .
Its competitors may fear its demise ; but a weaker , smaller GM , which looks the likely outcome , would suit them just fine .
Toyota , with its $ 50 billion pile of cash and marketable assets and its huge manufacturing presence in North America , stands to gain most .
It has the financial strength to keep factories ticking over until the upturn , and a management culture that is comfortable playing a long game .
Honda would benefit too .
It has won a lot of market share in the past couple of years , thanks to its bestselling Accord sedan and its economical small cars .
So , perhaps more surprisingly , would Ford , which ranks third in America , just ahead of Honda ( and behind GM and Toyota ) .
If it can get through this year as the only indigenous carmaker not to need a bail - out , it will be well placed to appeal to patriotic buyers when demand picks up .
It also stands to gain from whatever concessions GM can wring from the UAW .
Looming in the rear - view mirror
Among European carmakers , the Volkswagen ( VW ) Group , which includes Audi , Seat and Skoda , is best placed to emerge stronger from whatever horrors the next 12 - 18 months have in store .
Last year it overtook
Ford to become the world 's third - biggest producer , and a shrinking GM may feel VW 's breath on its collar before long .
VW boasts excellent products in every segment .
It has unrivalled strength in emerging markets , especially China , where its market share through two joint ventures is 18 % , and Brazil , where it has a market share of 24 % .
It has the fastest - growing premium brand , Audi , which broke through the 1 m sales mark in 2008 .
And it plans to expand fast in the United States , tripling sales by 2018 , thanks to several new America - only models that will be the first VWs to be built in the country for more than 20 years .
AFP
D is for Doomsday
Even the extraordinary takeover of the group by Porsche could turn out to be a help .
The two managements appear to have reconciled their differences , and the addition of Porsche to the group 's stable of luxury and sporting brands will bring scale economies in developing the technologies needed to make such vehicles environmentally acceptable .
That may give them an edge over their German rivals , BMW and Mercedes .
For those two firms , the next couple of years are likely to be difficult .
Their eager pursuit of lease sales in America and Britain has left them highly exposed to tumbling residual values .
Between them , they have already written off more than € 1.5 billion on lease returns , with more to come .
They must also spend a lot on developing fuel - efficient models to meet European Union emissions rules that come into force in 2015 , without sacrificing the performance their drivers expect .
Among Europe 's volume producers , Renault is suffering not just from the extreme market conditions , but also from the cool reception for new models such as the Laguna and the Megane .
And unlike PSA Peugeot - Citroën and Fiat , it is exposed to the bombed - out American market through its 44.4 % shareholding in Nissan .
Fiat has rediscovered the happy knack of making money from building the kind of small cars that are right for the times , but it is far too reliant on Brazil , which accounts for over 50 % of its operating profit .
Mr Marchionne sees the danger all too clearly , not just for Fiat , but for the whole industry .
He believes that to have any chance of making money in the future , volume manufacturers will need to produce at least 5.5 m cars a year ( Fiat , he admits , is not even halfway there ) .
The only answer , he thinks , is rapid consolidation .
“ Our strategy of industrial alliances was a step to get there .
But given where demand is now and what we see going forward , it is too slow . ”
Many will quarrel with Mr Marchionne 's view that in two years ' time there may be room for only six global mass producers .
But it is hard to argue with his contention that only the biggest firms can afford the € 500 m cost of a new car platform .
Mr Marchionne says : “ We need to bring people round the table and say , ‘ Look guys , the party is over .
Someone called our bluff and we 're not all going to make it , so let 's fix it . ' ”
Unfortunately , the sad spectacle of GM is a sign that , these days , even size is no guarantee of survival .
Glass Machinist Apprentice - Canton , NY - Corning - Canton , NY Initiate scripted machine actions via keyed inputs to CNC controller .
Manage machine / process operations through the CNC controller and process control computer .
From Corning - Wed , 20 May 2020 19:12:46 GMT
- View all Canton , NY jobs
Job Shop Machinist - Industrial Precision Products , Inc. - Oswego , NY Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process .
May also fabricate and modify parts to make or repair machine tools or maintain industrial …
$ 18 - $ 20 an hourFrom Indeed - Thu , 03 Sep 2020 19:18:49 GMT - View all Oswego , NY jobs
Machinist - Industrial Precision Products , Inc. - Oswego , NY Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process .
Set up , adjust , and operate basic machine tools and many specialized or advanced variation …
$ 18 - $ 22 an hourFrom Indeed - Thu , 03 Sep 2020 19:10:30 GMT - View all Oswego , NY jobs
Process Engineer - Spectrum Plastics Group - Glens Falls , NY CNC fabrication and machining process experience beneficial but not required .
The Extrusion Engineer plans , designs , and completes projects in extrusion … From Spectrum Plastics Group - Wed , 30 Oct 2019 10:09:36 GMT - View all Glens Falls , NY jobs
Machinist / Toolmaker - Full Circle Tool & Machine , Inc - Holland Patent , NY
The Ideal candidate will possess " Old school " machining skills , ie : Experience – 6 or more years of relevant MACHINING experience *.
$ 18 - $ 30 an hourFrom Indeed - Thu , 04 Jun 2020 12:00:48 GMT - View all Holland Patent , NY jobs
Optician - Optimax Systems Inc. - Ontario , NY
An AA or BA / BS degree is desirable , as is additional vocational training in manufacturing , materials science , machining or equivalent .
From Optimax Systems Inc. - Sat , 06 Jun 2020 17:38:10 GMT - View all Ontario , NY jobs
CNC Machinist - Calvary Robotics - Webster , NY Certified Machinist , Vocational school for CNC machining or tool and die preferred .
3 + experience working with CNC mills , lathes , grinders , or related equipment … From Calvary Robotics - Tue , 04 Aug 2020 09:18:24 GMT - View all Webster , NY jobs
CNC Machinist 2nd Shift - Calvary Robotics - Webster , NY Certified Machinist , Vocational school for CNC machining or tool and die preferred .
Strong technical knowledge of machining and part processing for quality .
From Calvary Robotics - Fri , 10 Jul 2020 09:17:30 GMT - View all Webster , NY jobs
CNC Programmer - QuEST Global Engineering - Rome , NY Experience with painting , assemble , machining , and welding preferred .
Deep understanding of manufacturing process methods & techniques including machining .
From QuEST Global Engineering - Tue , 29 Sep 2020 02:01:44 GMT
- View all Rome , NY jobs
Mill Machinist / Tool Maker - Ultra Tool and Manufacturing Inc. - Rochester , NY Ultra Tool and Manufacturing is currently seeking an experienced Toolmaker / Machinist with a minimum of ten years experience .
$ 20 - $ 30 an hourFrom Indeed - Thu , 20 Aug 2020 12:29:19 GMT - View all Rochester , NY jobs
CNC Lathe Machinist - Peko Precision Products - Rochester , NY
Is having the technical ability to setup and operate CNC lathe machines .
PEKO appreciates your life outside of work .
The priority of the *CNC LATHE MACHINIST *.
$ 15 - $ 31 an hourFrom Indeed - Tue , 29 Sep 2020 17:24:46 GMT - View all Rochester , NY jobs
CNC Mill Programmer - Peko Precision Products - Rochester , NY GED / High School plus machine operator and / or two years machining .
Is writing programs to support precisin machining and analyzing drawings and specifications to …From Indeed - Tue , 29 Sep 2020 16:20:37 GMT - View all Rochester , NY jobs
Mold Maker Apprentice - Eg Industries - Rochester , NY Manual Mills , Lathes , CNC Mills , Surface Grinders , EDM machines ) .
Tooling and Machining Certification preferred Work Environment and Physical Demands .
From EG Industries - Mon , 22 Jun 2020 21:40:17 GMT
- View all Rochester , NY jobs
CNC Set Up Operator - Precision Grinding and Manufacturing - Rochester , NY Operates required machining centers on all production work involving skill and dexterity .
Operate CNC mills and / or lathes , running new and existing production … From Precision Grinding and Manufacturing - Thu , 18 Jun 2020 23:34:48 GMT - View all Rochester , NY jobs
CNC Operator III - Precision Grinding and Manufacturing - Rochester , NY Provide training and instruction as needed to CNC I and CNC II operators in the operation and preventative maintenance of CNC mills and / or lathes and proper … From Precision Grinding and Manufacturing - Thu , 18 Jun 2020 23:34:46 GMT - View all Rochester , NY jobs
CNC OPR I A Shift - Precision Grinding and Manufacturing - Rochester , NY Run jobs of minimal complexity on any CNC Machinery .
Operates machining centers on repetitive production involving skill and dexterity .
From Precision Grinding and Manufacturing - Thu , 18 Jun 2020 23:34:46 GMT
- View all Rochester , NY jobs
Lathe Operator - X L I Manufacturing , LLC - Rochester , NY Our capabilities include a wide range of manufacturing ( sheet metal , machining , turning and electro - mechanical assembly ) .
Clean machine and work area .
$ 12 an hourFrom Indeed - Mon , 14 Sep 2020 11:17:23 GMT - View all Rochester , NY jobs
CNC PROGRAMMER 5 AXIS MILLS - E.T. Precision - Rochester , NY Plan and creates computer aided turning machining ( CAM ) programs to control contour path machining of parts on computerized numerical control ( CNC ) multi axis … From E.T. Precision - Wed , 26 Feb 2020 06:48:34 GMT
- View all Rochester , NY jobs
Machinist ( B Shift ) - Klein Steel Service Inc. - Rochester , NY Perform precision machining operation and maintenance .
The Machinist is responsible for performing precision machining operations by setting up , editing , and …
$ 18 - $ 24 an hourFrom Indeed - Mon , 28 Sep 2020 17:54:00 GMT - View all Rochester , NY jobs
News
The squid that looks like a piglet + more bizzare squid pictures
In one of nature ’s little tricks , this deep - water piglet squid appears to have floppy hair .
Normally when Britain 's Disasters Emergency Committee ( DEC ) launches an aid appeal , major television channels provide slots for short video ads , often fronted by celebrities , explaining the emergency and how the public can donate money .
In late November , for example , when the coalition of 13 British - based aid agencies asked for funds for their work in eastern Congo , the BBC backed the campaign , airing a two - and - a - half minute film presented by actress Juliet Stevenson .
But not this time : British broadcasters declined to run adverts for the DEC 's latest appeal " to help ease the desperate plight of people affected by the conflict in Gaza " .
A BBC spokesman said :
" Along with other broadcasters , the BBC has decided not to broadcast the DEC 's public appeal to raise funds for Gaza .
The BBC 's decision was made because of question marks about the delivery of aid in a volatile situation , and also to avoid any risk of compromising public confidence in the BBC 's impartiality in the context of an ongoing news story . " ( Full )
Update :
Thanks to " E " for the tip .
Picture courtesy Wesam Saleh / Maan Images
Several UK ministers urged the BBC to recognise " immense human suffering " and show the Disasters Emergency Committee appeal .
200 people protested in front of the BBC 's studios .
Rivals ITV , Channel 4 and Five - at first supportive of the BBC decision - reversed their decision and will show the charity appeal .
They said the issue " transcends politics " .
( Full
Here is a summary of backlashing opinions on the BBC 's stand .
Where they took the decision not to air the appeal in order not to show a perceived bias , clearly it all turned against them .
A strong bias was perceived after all .
Einstein ’s Quotes on Buddhism October 26 , 2007
6.23 Confucius said , “ When a cornered vessel no longer has any corners , should it be called a cornered vessel ?
Should it ? ” – The Analects , quoted in Wing - Tsit Chan ’s Source Book in Chinese Philosophy , Princeton University Press , Princeton , New Jersey , 1963
Posted by Philip Ryan in Random Notes
The Confucian school , like many other schools of Chinese philosophy , had a theory about names and actuality , commonly called the “ rectification of names . ”
The Confucians held that the rectification of names was an ethical project , not merely a metaphysical or logical concern , because all things must be fit into their proper scheme in the universe .
But you do n’t have to be a Confucian to want to set the record straight on Buddhism and the quotes about it attributed to various luminaries and used to promote ( or defend ? ) the dharma .
To wit :
There are two similar versions of a prominent Einstein quote on Buddhism floating around the web , reproducing themselves in viral fashion .
They are :
Buddhism has the characteristics of what would be expected in a cosmic religion for the future :
It transcends a personal God , avoids dogmas and theology ; it covers both the natural and the spiritual , and it is based on a religious sense aspiring from the experience of all things , natural and spiritual , as a meaningful unity .
and :
The religion of the future will be a cosmic religion .
It should transcend personal God and avoid dogma and theology .
Covering both the natural and the spiritual , it should be based on a religious sense arising from the experience of all things natural and spiritual as a meaningful unity .
Buddhism answers this description .
If there is any religion that could cope with modern scientific needs it would be Buddhism .
These quotes are rarely said to come from a particular book or speech , but we sometimes see this attribution :
Albert Einstein , The Human Side , edited by Helen Dukas and Banesh Hoffman , Princeton University Press , 1954
Now , this book is subtitled New Glimpses From His Archives and is not by Einstein , so the quote may not actually be his , but someone quoting him or paraphrasing him , as pointed out on the E - Sangha discussion forums ( see below for more on that ) .
The two slightly different versions of the quote given above may lend support to that theory .
But if so , this should be noted when the quotes are used .
A Google Books search of The Human Side yields no hits for the word “ Buddhism ” but rather one and only one for “ Buddha ” :
Page 70
What humanity owes to personalities like Buddha , Moses , and Jesus ranks for me higher than all the achievements of the enquiring and constructive mind .
So these quotes seem to be spurious .
( Some pages of the book are omitted from Google ’s preview , but the entire book seems to be searchable .
As I have n’t read the book myself I admit the possibility that these quotes may lurk elsewhere in the work — if so , perhaps some intrepid searcher will at last unearth them . )
There is much valuable discussion of this very issue on WikiQuote , the discussion forums of the Buddhist Society of Western Australia , and E - Sangha .
( You need to be registered to view the E - Sangha boards . )
Also look at Religious Tolerance ‘s comments on this issue .
If you Google these quotes , you ’ll find they ’re all over the place on sites devoted to Buddhism , Einstein , and science , from The Buddhist Blog to the Progressive Buddhism blog ( which recently had a long back - and - forth about a spurious Buddha quote [ make that “ possibly spurious ” — see comment below ] used by Paul Carus , author of the popular Gospel of Buddha . )
A bogus Einsteinism also appeared in Tricycle promotional material several years back before the sagacious Kenneth Kraft set the record straight .
Bogus quotes reproduced on the web are a problem that comes up quite often .
I think one of the candidates in this current , already exhausting Presidential election cycle got caught in a trap like this , and the more we rely on the web and neglect primary sources ( and actual books ) , the more this will happen , and it may give us something much more pernicious than this Einstein issue .
So these quotes , interesting and entertaining as they are , should be shelved , or at least have the Einstein attribution removed , until someone can tell us from whence they originally came .
– Philip Ryan , Web Editor
[ social_buttons ]
According to a University of Southampton study published by the British Medical Journal , children with high IQs become vegetarian adults .
Dr Catharine Gale of the University ’s MRC Epidemiology Resource Centre who led the study explains :
Those who were vegetarian by the age of 30 had scored five IQ points above average at the age of ten .
This can be partly accounted for by better education and higher occupational social class , but it remained statistically significant after adjusting for these factors …
One explanation for the link between higher IQ and vegetarianism may be that brighter children grow up to think more about what they eat , which in some cases has led them to become vegetarians .
I ’ve always thought vegetarians were smarter people , and the results of this study do not surprise me .
Gifted and talented children often worry more than their peers about social issues , because they have a heightened sense of moral concern :
Smutny ( 1998 , p.10 ) explains how gifted children feel deeply for others .
“ They sense the joys , pains , sorrows and hopes of family members , friends , classmates and sometimes become distressed when they cannot alleviate the problems of others … … gifted children will often weep at the cruel treatment of an animal .
They will frequently ask questions and express concern about world problems – poverty , war , environmental devastation ” .
This empathy for the suffering of others makes gifted children particularly vulnerable to the many forms of insensitivity they see on television , at school or in the world around them .
Often these children feel powerless to act and this sense of helplessness can lead them to despair and guilt as they feel a responsibility for these situations .
Choosing a vegetarian lifestyle is one way to alleviate this sense of helplessness .
Vegetarian adults were not only smart youths , but they are more likely to be female , more educated , and occupy a higher social class .
The only non-vegetarian researcher in the study felt the link between childhood intelligence and vegetarianism is not necessarily causal , but “ might be one of a number of more or less arbitrary cultural choices that clever people make , some of which might be beneficial to health , and some not . ”
My choice to become a vegetarian at the age of sixteen was certainly not arbitrary .
CubeCheater -a Rubik cube solver in 20 moves - is one of those iPhone applications that make you smile when you see it in action because it is simply pure genius .
This is how it works .
Advertisement
• First you have to tell the app the state of your Rubik 's cube .
• You can do this with two methods :
Either painting the faces of the cube or , better yet , taking a photo of each of the faces .
• The program will analyze the faces and , after a few seconds , it will tell you the solution step by step , using a 3D interface .
I 'm digging out my old Rubik Cube and getting this app just to have the pleasure to beat it 50 times in a row .
[ iTunes Store Link via Wired ]
The body could be reacting to these fluctuations by spurring food intake in order to restore its glucose balance , the only fuel used by the brain .
Is the Single , Single ?
Written by : Moses Avalon on December 19 , 2008 .
Share with your network .
Conventional Wisdom Challenged : Are Albums Due for a Comeback ?
Boy , it seems that everywhere you look there ’s another story about how CD sales are down and digital single sales are the new wave .
What if that turned out to be a fallacy ?
Think of how many curmudgeon bloggers would be disappointed ; how many so - called journalists and Billboard “ reporters ” would be discredited .
You ’d have a sea of people back - pedaling their statements of the past two years .
You know who would not be in that crowd .
You .
Not if you ’re one of my readers .
If you ’ve been keeping up with the fact threads I follow– y’know , dumb stuff that I use to come to my conclusions , like annual reports from Big Four record labels ( or Big Three , depending on how you look at it ) and Big Box retailers , you ’d get a very different picture than the nay - sayers who substitute real data for their own opinions based on who knows what– their anger management sessions , I guess .
Here ’s a video of what I ’m talking about : [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOR3Wm5Dn4A[/youtube]
Fact : CDs and albums are far from becoming roof - shingles .
Furthermore , I predict that labels and artists will begin truncating “ single rights ” to stores like iTunes and Amazon within the next year .
Why ?
There are many reasons , but the most apparent one is people like to pay less for music .
$ 9 for 13 songs beats 99 cents for a single .
Sure the tech - whores like to retort that the public does n’t want to pay $ 9 for only one good song .
But this presumes the entire album sucks – all the time !
What surveys are they using other than their own personal taste ?
This story in Red Orbit tells it all .
Albums DO sell if they are good .
But is this a new lesson ?
No .
Labels and artists have known this for decades .
Additionally , the entire music business economy is based on the Album configuration .
Publishing advances are totally designed around albums .
Can you imagine trying to negotiate a publishing advance when the label says “ We ’re not going to print any CD Albums , just post a couple of singles on digital stores ?
” Absurd !
There would be nothing to base the advance upon .
No advances means no flow of capital and most of us who passed High School Economics know what that means .
( BTW - I failed that class . )
Want another reason ?
Albums are cool !
It ’s a cohesive , 50 - minute vision of sound .
Singles were created as an economic reality to selling Albums , not a substitute for them .
Tech - Masters like Steve jobs do n’t care about the integrity of music .
No human who invented the best way to buy , catalog and steal individual tacks can be a real fan of modern music !
I remember trying to get my mother to join the iPod generation by telling her that it could hold her entire classical collection .
She responded , “ But it cuts up the symphony into little bits .
You ’ve not supposed to listen to a symphony that way . ”
[ iTunes used to treat movements like singles and would n’t play them seamlessly . ]
I was ashamed .
My 70 year old mother “ got it ” before I did : music is about creativity , not the technology you play it on .
Anyone who tries to tell you otherwise is a music - hater , even if they do n’t know it inside .
They have sold their souls to the Tech gods if they truly believe that artists should start making three - minute singles and forget about their Album vision just because it ’s more convenient .
Music lives !
Albums live !
And now the sales numbers prove it .
Mo out .
Want to see the 2009 Bud Bowl Secret Spot ?
Budweiser is currently running a campaign with a secret commercial on a special website .
In order to see it , you needed to do the following :
Want to be one of the first to see the 2009 Bud Bowl Secret Spot ?
Register your mobile number below .
Then , sometime during the week of January 19th , you will receive a unique code via SMS text that will unlock the spot !
However through the magic of Youtube , you need not register with them to see it , because we have it here :
That was pretty good , but not sure if it is worth giving Budweiser and Sharp your mobile number .
Here is the “ Secret Spot ” from last year :
My vote goes for buying porn over cutting the cheese .
What do you think ?
For those of you who dont know , Chuck Grassley , ranking member of the Finance Committee on the Senate is doing an investigation into the National Science Foundation .
Why ?
Well , because people have been spending time looking at porn instead of doing what they ’re suppose to do ( look through our grant proposals perhaps ? )
===================================================================================
Chuck Grassley knows it when he sees it .
The “ it , ” of course , is pornography .
And Grassley has seen it deep in a demurely titled section of a report from the National Science Foundation — a report that says NSF employees have been spending significant amounts of company time on smut sites and in other explicit pursuits ….
In one particularly egregious case , the report says one NSF “ senior official ” was discovered to have spent as much as 20 percent of his working hours over a two - year interval “ viewing sexually explicit images and engaging in sexually explicit online ‘ chats ’ with various women . ”
Investigators calculated the value of the time lost at more than $ 58,000 — for that employee alone .
===================================================================================
I dont think this spells good news for people trying to get grants right now .
Amongst my friends and I , we can already imagine the responses to grants .
Prof . So and So ,
We are unable to fund your proposal because …. it costs money to investigate people looking into porn at work .
Sincerely ,
The NSF and the Senate
For more , here ’s the link : Grassley launches porn inquiry into the NSF
I 'll Gladly Pay You Tuesday For A Hamburger Today .
- Wimpy from Popeye
Those Deal - Killing Answers to Important Investor Questions
Every month , like clockwork , I receive three to five emails from exasperated entrepreneurs who can't understand why the angel investor , or investors , they were talking to backed out of the deal , despite giving it their thumbs - up .
In most cases , the entrepreneur invested several months in answering the investor 's questions , editing their business plan to incorporate feedback provided by the investor , and generally trying to build a relationship with them based on trust .
Then just when the entrepreneur was expecting the angel investor to finally pull out his checkbook , the latter either said , " I 'm going to pass on this , " or they simply stopped returning phone calls and replying to emails .
This leaves a frustrated entrepreneur asking , " What happened ?
What went wrong ? "
While I can't guarantee the true explanation of why your angel investor got cold feet at the end , I can offer you a pretty good guess based on two decades of experience .
No matter how much an investor likes your deal , at some point he or she will start asking themselves , " So , how will I get my money back out of this deal ? "
Now here 's where the deal - killer answers come into the picture .
Every book I have ever read on raising money and writing business plans advises you to answer the " exit question " with this standard line :
" Eventually we will either IPO or be acquired ! "
Note my italicization of the word " eventually " here .
It 's to emphasize just how incredibly vague and meaningless this answer really is to an investor .
When an investor hears these words , the natural response is to get cold feet .
It 's really no different from hearing your unemployed brother - in - law say , " I need you to give me $ 10,000 and I promise to pay it back as soon as I win the lottery . "
I have sat on both sides of the desk over the years .
Initially , I was the entrepreneur using that pat answer and turning off potential investors .
Later on , I was the investor whose eyes would glaze over every time I heard it from a money - seeker .
Savvy entrepreneurs structure their financing deals so that investors can begin pulling out their principal quickly .
This typically involves a plan for monthly installments which pay off the investment principal over a fixed term much like a bank loan .
If you can show an investor that you treat the return of their money as one of your top two priorities , they will be more likely to invest .
( The other priority , obviously , is to make the company a success . )
No one wants to hear vague Wimpy - style promises about anything -- especially when it comes to their money .
To find how to structure a deal to get around this problem , you can subscribe for free to : Subscribe Me to Startup Financing
You will need to confirm your subscription by clicking
the link in the confirmation email .
Learn how to close deals with angel investors with Revenue Royalty Certificates .
They are occasionally referred to as Revenue Participation Certificates .
Mr Blair told The Times : " There are people from my operation who do go down to Gaza and talk to people there – I do n't think they talk to Hamas specifically , although I think it 's fairly conjurable .
I do think it is important that we find a way of bringing Hamas into this process , but it can only be done if Hamas are prepared to do it on the right terms . "
Mame Reply
I met a camel with no humps , so I named him Humphrey .
How do you kill a circus ?
You go for the juggler .
Didja hear about the new restaurant on the moon ?
It 's got great food , but no atmosphere .
Remember alcohol and calculus do n't mix so do n't drink and derive .
I 'm addicted to placebos .
I 'd give them up but it would n't make any difference .
Merry Andrew
6 Reply I 'm sure you 've heard about the dyslexic who walked into a bra .
He also sold his soul to Santa .
2 Replies
gustavratzenhofer
3 Reply Two guys walked into a bar .
The third one ducked .
0 Replies
Merry Andrew
1 Reply That 's funny , Gus .
You 're supposed to tell really bad jokes .
0 Replies
gustavratzenhofer
2 Reply Ok .
Two guys walked into a bar and said to the bartender , " Why the long face ? "
It turns out the bartender was a horse .
0 Replies
Lord Ellpus
3 Reply Man " Doc , I keep thinking I 'm a pair of curtains "
Doc " Pull yourself together , man " 0 Replies
JLNobody
2 Reply How about : A penguin walked into a bar and asked if anyone had seen his uncle .
The bartender asked " What does he look like ? " 1 Reply
gustavratzenhofer
1 Reply We have a winner .
0 Replies
timberlandko
4 Reply Q : Whaddaya call a boomerang that do n't come back ?
A : A stick .
1 Reply
JLNobody
4 Reply You think those were bad .
How about this ?
The doctor comes out into the waiting room for the next patient .
He 's shocked to see a man sitting there with a frog growing out of his head .
The doctor 's cries , " Oh my god , how did that happen ? "
The frog answered " I do n't know ; it began as a pimple on my butt . "
1 Reply
Mame
3 Reply What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall ?
Damn !
Sh!t!
Ouch !
Why do n't blind people like to sky dive ?
Because it scares the hell out of the dog .
2 Replies
Mame
3 Reply How do you catch a unique rabbit ?
Unique up on it .
How do you catch a tame rabbit ?
Tame way , unique up on it .
0 Replies
Mame
4 Reply How are a texas tornado and a Tennessee divorce the same ?
Somebody 's gonna lose a trailer .
0 Replies
kickycan
8 Reply Three strings walk into a bar .
The first string says confidently , " I 've got the first round , boys , " and strides up to the bar .
Bartender says , " Are you a string ? "
String says , " Yeah . "
Bartender says , " sorry , we do n't serve strings here . "
String returns to his buddies , red - faced .
" Looks like we are n't getting drinks after all , boys . "
String # 2 steps up and says , " Do n't worry , I 'll take care of this . "
He glides up , drops a twenty on the bar and shouts , " Three whiskeys for me and my buddies , friend ! "
Bartender looks him up and down , takes his twenty , and says , " Are you a string ? "
String # 2 stands there dumbstruck , unable to even form even the simplest of replies .
Bartender says , " Listen , pal , like I told your friend over there , we do n't serve strings .
Now , beat it . "
" Well , " says String # 2 to his buddies , " That 's that .
It 's over .
Let 's just go . "
But just then , String # 3 has an idea .
He ties himself up in a big knot , frays the ends of himself with his pocketknife , and sidles up to the bar .
" I 'd like three whiskeys , please . "
Bartender looks at him and says , " Are you a string ? "
" No " he says to the bartender , " I 'm a frayed knot . "
0 Replies
ossobuco
1 Reply I may have to strive to remember my one sort of joke -
sorry , I forgot it .
0 Replies
kickycan
4 Reply Two flies are sitting on a piece of crap .
One farts , the other one goes , " Hey , do you mind ?
I 'm trying to EAT ! " 2 Replies
echi
1 Reply What does Coca Cola have in common with King Kong ?
they both come in liters 0 Replies
Region Philbis
3 Reply
What did the outlet say to the cord ?
Socket to me , baby ...
What do you call a running chicken ?
Poultry in motion ...
What happened when a ship carrying red paint collided with a ship carrying blue paint ?
Both crews were marooned ...
0 Replies
dadpad
2 Reply Whats long , brown and sticky ?
A stick 0 Replies
By
January 6 , 2009 -- Damascus --
While Americans may believe that the current violence in Gaza began December 27 , in fact Palestinians have been dying from bombardments for many weeks .
On November 4 , when the Israeli - Palestinian truce was still in effect but global attention was turned to the US elections , Israel launched a " preemptive " airstrike on Gaza , alleging intelligence about an imminent operation to capture Israeli soldiers ; more assaults took place throughout the month .
The truce thus shattered , any incentive by Palestinian leaders to enforce the moratorium on rocket fire was gone .
Any extension of the agreement or improvement of its implementation at that point would have required Israel to engage Hamas , to agree to additional trust - building measures and negotiation with our movement -- a political impossibility for Israel , with its own elections only weeks away .
Not that the truce had been easy on Palestinians .
In the six - month period preceding this week 's bombardment , one Israeli was killed , while dozens of Palestinians lost their lives to Israeli military and police actions , and numerous others died for want of medical care .
The war on Gaza should not be mistaken for an Israeli triumph .
Rather , Israel 's failure to make the truce work , and its inevitable resort to bloodshed , demonstrate again that it cannot permit a future built on Palestinian political self - determination .
The truce failed because Israel will not open Gaza 's borders , because Israel would rather be a jailer than a neighbor , and because its intransigent leadership forestalls Palestinian destiny and will not make peace with history .
This week 's war is not an attack on the Izzidin al - Qassam units -- our movement 's military wing -- but is simply aggression targeting the people , infrastructure and economic life of Gaza , designed to sow terror and loose anarchy ; it aims to establish new " facts on the ground " -- that is , heaps of rubble with bodies trapped beneath -- in advance of the coming American administration .
Israel claims loudly that it had no other choice this week but to rain death on refugees in camps , killing dozens of women and children , while Defence Minister Ehud Barak ( the once and would - be prime minister ) -- his eye fixed on February elections -- employs mass murder as his party 's latest vote - getting appeal , an electoral strategy fit to shame the most hardened Chicago political operative .
But , of course , options remained available .
Israel might have relented months ago , for the sake of the truce , in its criminal determination to starve Gaza , cutting off much of its fuel and choking all commerce to a trickle , blocking relief organisations from delivering food and medicine , and consigning Gaza 's citizens to famine rations .
Only the most cynical observer would call this grinding attrition " good faith " adherence to the truce .
Blockades , after all , are explicitly acts of war .
Palestinians everywhere mark the closing of the Bush era with relief ; nevertheless , skepticism runs high that any justice for our people might come from a new president who remained ominously silent in the presence of the latest Israeli onslaught , and who has aligned himself so thoroughly with Israel 's interests , so long in advance of taking power .
Barack Obama 's helicopter ride two years ago above the Holy Land was not unusual in the annals of American parliamentarians junketed on " fact finding " trips by Israel 's lobbyists ; yet his fond remarks on what he saw -- " houses and streets like ones you might find " in any American suburb -- were notable for their silence as to any troubling sights .
Did he miss the security roads and checkpoints that riddle the West Bank , or the construction of the wall , or the illegal settlements ?
Perhaps his helicopter flew too high .
But now , amid Israel 's latest attack on our people , as the death toll rises in the hundreds , with thousands wounded -- all victims of US taxpayers ' largesse -- Palestinians wonder how Obama will react to the escalating crisis .
They demand of the next White House a new paradigm of respect and accountability , because when Palestinians see an F - 16 with the Star of David painted on its tail , they see America .
Palestinians are understandably guarded about the coming administration , noting its appointments with trepidation .
The soon - to - be US Secretary of State is unforgettable for urging years ago US recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's " undivided " capital , while the administration 's chief of staff bears the stain of his father 's service in the banned terrorist Irgun paramilitary , a Zionist group responsible for numerous atrocities .
Renewed calls today for our movement to " recognise the right of Israel to exist " , in the face of murderous onslaught , ring as hollow as Israel 's continuing claims to be acting in " self - defence " as her jets bomb civilians .
Without debating here the Zionist state 's fictive , existential " right " , which of the many Israels , precisely , would the West have us recognise ?
Is it the Israel that militarily occupies land belonging to three of its neighbors , ignoring international law and scores of U.N. resolutions over decades ?
Is it the Israel that illegally settles its citizens on other people 's land , seizes water sources and uproots olive trees ?
Is it the Israel that in 60 years has never acknowledged the forced expulsion of Palestinians from their farms and villages as the foundational act of its statehood and denies refugees their right to return ?
Through bitter experience , when we hear demands for " recognition " of Israel as a precondition to dialogue , what we hear is a call for acquiescence in its crimes against us , validating the injustices that have been wrought in its name .
Our spirit to fight on is the legacy of collective suffering :
With tens of thousands dead or wounded by decades of the " peace process " , you cannot find a family in Palestine -- Muslim or Christian , Hamas , Fatah , PFLP or Islamic Jihad -- without a son or daughter killed , injured , jailed or tortured , or which does not count itself or its kin among the millions of refugees living in UN camps .
Hamas is not a handful of leaders .
Israel may kill all of the current leadership in this round of violence , including me , and its organic , social infrastructure will not go away .
We are , simply put , a homegrown national liberation resistance movement , with millions of people who support our struggle for freedom and justice .
President - elect Obama spoke courageously in his campaign for a policy of open dialogue , absent preconditions , with those deemed inimical to US interests , and we were listening .
One former US president -- a true peacemaker -- has dared to visit with us and hear our side of this struggle , while offering us no shortage of criticism .
It has been a refreshing exchange .
Now is the time for the next US president to do the same .
No American leader has ever visited a Palestinian refugee camp anywhere , much less in Gaza -- a startling fact , considering the central role America has played in our people 's narrative .
None has dared to look our refugees in their faces and experience their suffering directly .
In observance of the storied tradition of Arab hospitality to guests , and anticipating that day when a US president fulfills his promise of change , we extend the invitation now , and we will put the kettle on .
[ Mousa Abu Marzook is the deputy of the political bureau of Hamas , the Islamic Resistance Movement . ]
This brutality will never break our will to be free
By Khalid Mish'al
Guardian , January 6 , 2009 --
For 18 months my people in Gaza have been under siege , incarcerated inside the world 's biggest prison , sealed off from land , air and sea , caged and starved , denied even medication for our sick .
After the slow death policy came the bombardment .
In this most densely populated of places , nothing has been spared Israel 's warplanes , from government buildings to homes , mosques , hospitals , schools and markets .
More than 540 have been killed and thousands permanently maimed .
A third are women and children .
Whole families have been massacred , some while they slept .
This river of blood is being shed under lies and false pretexts .
For six months we in Hamas observed the ceasefire .
Israel broke it repeatedly from the start .
Israel was required to open crossings to Gaza , and extend the truce to the West Bank .
It proceeded to tighten its deadly siege of Gaza , repeatedly cutting electricity and water supplies .
The collective punishment did not halt , but accelerated - as did the assassinations and killings .
Thirty Gazans were killed by Israeli fire and hundreds of patients died as a direct effect of the siege during the so - called ceasefire .
Israel enjoyed a period of calm .
Our people did not .
When this broken truce neared its end , we expressed our readiness for a new comprehensive truce in return for lifting the blockade and opening all Gaza border crossings , including Rafah .
Our calls fell on deaf ears .
Yet still we would be willing to begin a new truce on these terms following the complete withdrawal of the invading forces from Gaza .
No rockets have ever been fired from the West Bank .
But 50 died and hundreds more were injured there last year at Israel 's hands , while its expansionism proceeded relentlessly .
We are meant to be content with shrinking scraps of territory , a handful of cantons at Israel 's mercy , enclosed by it from all sides .
The truth is Israel seeks a one - sided ceasefire , observed by my people alone , in return for siege , starvation , bombardment , assassinations , incursions and colonial settlement .
What Israel wants is a gratuitous ceasefire .
The logic of those who demand that we stop our resistance is absurd .
They absolve the aggressor and occupier -- armed with the deadliest weapons of death and destruction -- of responsibility , while blaming the victim , prisoner and occupied .
Our modest , home - made rockets are our cry of protest to the world .
Israel and its American and European sponsors want us to be killed in silence .
But die in silence we will not .
What is being visited on Gaza today was visited on Yasser Arafat before .
When he refused to bow to Israel 's dictates , he was imprisoned in his Ramallah headquarters , surrounded by tanks for two years .
When this failed to break his resolve , he was murdered by poisoning .
Gaza enters 2009 just as it did 2008 : under Israeli fire .
Between January and February of last year 140 Gazans died in air strikes .
And just before it embarked on its failed military assault on Lebanon in July 2006 , Israel rained thousands of shells on Gaza , killing 240 .
From Deir Yassin in 1948 to Gaza today , the list of Israel 's crimes is long .
The justifications change , but the reality is the same : colonial occupation , oppression , and never - ending injustice .
If this is the " free world " whose " values " Israel is defending , as its foreign minister Tzipi Livni alleges , then we want nothing to do with it .
Israel 's leaders remain in the grip of confusion , unable to set clear goals for the attacks - from ousting the legitimately elected Hamas government and destroying its infrastructure , to stopping the rockets .
As they fail to break Gaza 's resistance the benchmark has been lowered .
Now they speak of weakening Hamas and limiting the resistance .
But they will achieve neither .
Gaza 's people are more united than ever , determined not to be terrorised into submission .
Our fighters , armed with the justice of their cause , have already caused many casualties among the occupation army and will fight on to defend their land and people .
Nothing can defeat our will to be free .
Once again , Washington and Europe have opted to aid and abet the jailer , occupier and aggressor , and to condemn its victims .
We hoped Barack Obama would break with George Bush 's disastrous legacy but his start is not encouraging .
While he swiftly moved to denounce the Mumbai attacks , he remains tongue - tied after 10 days of slaughter in Gaza .
But my people are not alone .
Millions of freedom - loving men and women stand by its struggle for justice and liberation - witness daily protests against Israeli aggression , not only in the Arab and Islamic region , but worldwide .
Israel will no doubt wreak untold destruction , death and suffering in Gaza .
But it will meet the same fate in Gaza as it did in Lebanon .
We will not be broken by siege and bombardment , and will never surrender to occupation .
[ Khalid Mish'al is the head of the Hamas political bureau . ]
Hamas : ` Immediate withdrawal of Israel from Gaza ; lift the unjust siege ; open all border crossings --
With an open mind , we will deal with any initiatives based on these three requests '
In a speech from Damascus on January 11 , 2009 , Khalid Mish'al , head of the Hamas political bureau , spoke on Israel 's 15 - day assault on the Gaza Strip .
This edited text of the televised address appeared on the Socialist Unity website
* * *
The Zionists wanted to impose a humiliating defeat on us because the only obstacle to confront them is resistance , especially in the Gaza Strip .
Perhaps the Zionists , because of the difference between the resistance in Lebanon and Gaza , thought that in comparison with Hezbollah , we were weak and they could regain the reputation of their army following its defeat in Lebanon .
They tried to use the territories of Gaza to show their military might .
So this is a battle of demonstrating military strength , a fight or war to impose a defeat on our people .
The Zionists thought that we were the weakest .
However , the Zionists were surprised by the resistance .
All our supporters in the Arab and Islamic world as well as the West should be sure that the resistance in Gaza is in its best situation .
The resistance was able to absorb the strikes of the enemy and then take the initiative and day by day , we are seeing new surprises by the Palestinian resistance .
Just less than two hours ago we struck the airbase of Balnakhim which is 50 kilometers away from the Gaza Strip .
The enemy had assigned aims for itself to achieve .
These aims are now lessening with the passing of time .
Israel wanted to destroy Gaza , wanted to end Hamas ’ control of Gaza as it said , the enemy wanted to destroy the resistance in Gaza , wanted to stop the rockets from Gaza .
But what are the Israelis left with today ?
They are now focusing and targeting north Gaza and are demolishing peoples ’ houses over their heads while trying to enter north Gaza and stop the rockets .
However , the heroic resistance has not allowed them to make progress .
In the south , they are trying to stop weapons reaching Hamas .
They are trying to impose new realities whereby with the new situation they can negotiate for what better suits them , for instance in the Security Council .
They are trying to send a message to the Israeli population that they are victorious ; that they have imposed new realities , in order to cover up their defeats in these 15 days .
But very frankly the enemy has achieved nothing .
Let us make calculations .
What has the enemy achieved ?
I can say with all confidence according to facts on the ground that from a military perspective the enemy has failed completely .
Have they stopped rockets being launched ?
Now they are talking about ways to stop the rockets .
They want to impose new facts on southern Gaza so they can guarantee their security as they allege .
But they have not attained any of their aims .
So what have they achieved ?
The enemy has succeeded in one thing .
In addition , to covering up for their loses , Israelis do not confess to their causalities and deaths among their soldiers .
They prevent the media from entering into Gaza .
Israel tries to cover up these losses by talking about friendly fire and road accidents .
But the truth will come out and the Zionists will discover how many people they have lost and the magnitude of their failure in Gaza .
They also try to trick the world and show that they have gone deep into Gaza by fabricated TV footage .
They depict by means of false pictures that they have entered deep into Gaza .
So what has the enemy succeeded in ?
The enemy has succeeded in committing murders .
Murders against the women and children of Gaza .
Israel has grouped people in houses and then destroyed the houses .
They kidnap people and then execute them in cold blood .
The enemy has succeeded in bringing about a new Holocaust on Gaza .
Let me now speak to Israelis and Zionists .
What have you achieved in this war that you supported ?
You supported your leaders in going ahead with this war , but what have you achieved besides killing innocent children , breaking skulls and creating an ocean of blood in Gaza ?
What have you achieved except a Holocaust that your leaders want to use to win the next elections in February ?
Palestinian blood is now a means for political achievements in your elections .
You complain about the Holocaust that was committed against you , but you today are now committing an even harsher Holocaust .
The Palestinians can now make a museum of your Holocaust in Gaza …
What prevented the US from allowing Resolution 1860 being passed a week or two weeks ago ?
They wanted to give Israel a chance to kill more Palestinians and claim victory over Gaza .
But when the resistance did not back down and Israel failed and when the magnitude of these massacres were uncovered and the USA and those who collaborated in this military campaign witnessed the dissent and intifada among the Muslim masses , which carries with it real danger , at that point they let the resolution pass .
But they took the teeth out of ( UN Security Council Resolution ) 1860 .
The resolution is a non-binding cease - fire with no date specified for the cease - fire .
The question now is about who should implement the resolution .
Those who started the military campaign in the first place , the Zionists , should implement it and immediately pull out of Gaza .
This is logic .
Concerning us , we want the immediate and complete withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza and the lifting of the unjust siege on Gaza that has led to the current situation .
Our other request is the opening of all border crossings including the Rafah border crossing .
We , with an open mind , will deal with any initiatives and decisions based on these three requests .
Therefore , we will not accept any negotiations for a truce in the light of and under the pressure of a military campaign and siege .
Let the military campaign stop , let the Israelis withdraw , and let the rights of our people be admitted to , let them recognize our rights to live without a siege and closed border crossings , just like other humans , then we are ready to discuss a truce , just like we did before .
We will not accept a permanent truce , because it will take the right of resistance from the Palestinian people .
The resistance is against occupation and military campaigns and therefore as long as occupation exists , resistance will too …
We will also not accept the interference of international forces because international forces will come only to protect Israel ’s security and any international force imposed will be considered as occupiers .
We will not accept any talks about strengthening the ``choke hold '' on the resistance concerning its weapons .
Some are speaking about the tunnels as if Gaza is a super power with advanced weapons , while we are people with very limited capabilities to defend our territories and ourselves .
No body has the right to take our legitimate right for defense and resistance .
The US , as if the whole of the Israeli arsenal does not exists , sends hundreds of tons of explosives and artillery shells to Israel .
In this context , we still sent our delegation to Cairo to talk about Egypt ’s proposal and other political plans .
The November 2005 Rafah crossing agreement , must be reconsidered because this agreement really promoted the blockade on Gaza and we proposed different means and methods .
I call on Mr. Mahmoud Abbas -- who called for national unity in the face of Israel ’s attacks -- to declare to the world that we must agree to a Palestinian partnership between the Palestinian Authority and Hamas in Gaza , so that we can reach a firm arrangement in Rafah .
This is appropriate choice for you .
Anything besides this has no credibility when it comes to national unity .
We supported national unity from day one–nNational unity based upon confronting the military campaign , but this needs honesty and credibility .
All political detainees must be freed and the Palestinians in the West Bank must be free to hold protests without being arrested .
We saw them arrested of course yesterday .
We also call on Mahmoud Abbas to stop cooperating with the enemy and to stop negotiations with the Israelis .
There is no future for these negotiations …
And to the Arab countries , by God you abandoned and degraded us .
But if you made mistakes in the past go ahead and correct your mistakes before it is to late …
I call on Arab countries not to welcome any Israeli official in their capitals .
The Arab leaders must coordinate and be aligned with the will of their people .
Moreover , I call on Arab countries that have relations with Israel to tell the Israelis either that they should stop their war , or that the Arab countries will stop their relations .
After this resolution , the Muslim Ummah should not calm down and assume the atrocities are over .
Resolution 1860 has not brought about any changes on the ground .
Israel refuses the resolution and the battle in Gaza is in its most intense phase .
What we need is more stern resistance in Gaza and we need more fierce protests in the Arab and Islamic world and the international community to achieve victory for the people of Gaza .
We need a third Intifada ( uprising ) in the West Bank and a revolution in the Arab , Islamic world until the enemy withdraws from Gaza , the siege is lifted and the border crossings are opened .
A very important point is that the Muslim world should stand by us .
In spite of all these massacres committed by Israel , some say that we are the problem and the massacres are our fault .
These are shameful words .
What provided the atmosphere for the Zionists to boost their reputation ( among their people ) and to increase our wounds and impose new circumstances , for example the separation wall , settlement activities and so on , all happened at the time of negotiations .
Concerning are casualties and wounded , resistance cannot liberate without martyrs and casualties .
It is better to achieve victory through martyrs and wounded , instead of having casualties without resistance and victory .
Some express fear that after all the sacrifices , the leadership of the resistance may collapse or make a settlement for example .
On the contrary , the blood of our women and children and people will increase our cohesion and determination to achieve our aims .
It is unjust that after all these massacres to just go and say lets make a truce .
On the contrary , the price of this bloodshed is freedom and to decide our own destiny and to end the occupation and siege .
President Barack Obama today made the most contentious move of his young administration with an order , overturning a ban on federal funds to foreign family planning organisations that either offer abortions or provide information or counselling about abortion .
The rule change continues the dismantling of George Bush 's conservative policies .
It is likely to encounter fierce criticism from the still robust anti-abortion movement .
It will allow US aid , usually through the US agency for international development , to flow to HIV / Aids clinics , birth - control providers and other organisations that advocate or provide counselling about abortion across the world .
It is known as the " global gag rule " because it denies US taxpayer dollars to clinics that even mention abortion to women with unplanned pregnancies .
The rule was signed by President Ronald Reagan in 1984 , overturned by Bill Clinton in 1993 , and reinstated by Bush .
Critics of the rule say it deprives the world 's poor women of desperately needed medical care , while proponents say US tax dollars should not promote abortion .
Family planning groups in America and the UK cheered the rule change .
Dr Gill Greer , director general of London - based International Planned Parenthood Federation , estimated the gag rule had cost the group more than $ 100 m for family planning and sexual and reproductive health programmes during the eight years of the Bush administration , which she said amounted to 36 million unplanned pregnancies and 15 million induced abortions .
" The gag rule has done immense harm and caused untold suffering to millions around the world , " she said in a statement .
" It has undermined health systems and endangered the lives and health of the poorest and most vulnerable women on the planet by denying access to life saving family planning , sexual and reproductive health and HIV services and exposing them to the dangers of unsafe abortion . "
While Obama has spent the first two days of his presidency overturning Bush policies , for example restricting US interrogation practices of terror suspects and an order pledging to close the US prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , those were backed by a broad political consensus .
Abortion , however , remains a bitterly contentious issue , as evidenced by the thousands of people who marched in Washington yesterday opposing abortion rights .
Yesterday was the 36th anniversary of the landmark Supreme Court decision Roe v Wade , which guaranteed a woman 's right to choose abortion .
While both Clinton and Bush used the Roe v Wade anniversary to change US policy on abortion , Obama declined yesterday .
He instead issued a statement reaffirming his commitment " to protecting a woman 's right to choose " .
" On the 36th anniversary of Roe v Wade , we are reminded that this decision not only protects women 's health and reproductive freedom , but stands for a broader principle : that government should not intrude on our most private family matters , " he said .
The rule comes as no surprise .
During the president campaign Hillary Clinton , who as secretary of state will oversee foreign aid , pledged to end the rule .
The rule change " would be huge , " California Representative Diana DeGette of Colorado told National Public Radio .
" By the US restricting women 's rights to reproductive planning internationally , it really destroys their lives .
Because they can't control the size of their family , that affects their use of resources and food and child nutrition and so many other things .
The way to increase the stability in Third World countries , frankly , is for sensible family planning . "
Baby Cage
US Patent Issued In 1998
Adults : big… babies : small .
So how can you safely combine the two in one large bed ?
With the Baby Cage .
The Baby Cage is an oval shaped domed structure featuring curved crossbars that are strong enough to support an adult 's weight , keeping baby safe .
You know , this thing does n’t exactly induce warm and fuzzy feelings .
Baby Cage = future visits to doctors with couches .
So how about this … next time you are thinking of putting the wee one in junior jail , maybe just pull the crib up next to your bed .
P.S. For more absurd patents , do n't forget to visit the Patently Absurd Inventions Archive ... click here !
Fed wo n't reveal names of recipients of $ 2 trillion Andrew McLemore
Published : Friday December 12 , 2008
Print This Email This The Federal Reserve refused a request from Bloomberg News to reveal the recipient of $ 2 trillion in emergency loans paid for by U.S. taxpayers .
After Bloomberg filed an open records request through the Freedom of Information Act , the fed answered by arguing that it 's allowed to withhold information , including memos and trade secrets .
Bloomberg has filed a lawsuit against the Federal Reserve system as of Friday , demanding the documents be disclosed .
Representative David Scott , a Georgia Democrat , said Americans had " been bamboozled . "
" If they told us what they held , we would know the potential losses that the government may take and thats what they dont want us to know , " said Carlos Mendez , a senior managing director at New York - based ICP Capital LLC , which oversees $ 22 billion in assets .
It 's possible the Federal Reserve is refusing to name the recipients out of concern that it would have a negative impact on sales in the market .
Some of the borrowers included Lehmann Bros , Citigroup , and JP Morgan Chase .
The following is an excerpt from a Digital Journal article :
" The banks definitely dont like it .
They re worried about a negative sales effect , which could aggravate the existing situation and maybe cause a run on the banks .
" Shades of 1929 in that one , and if nobodys too happy about this situation , its because theres an unholy smell of frying fat coming from places its not supposed to be coming from . "
LANSING , Mich .
—After more than a decade of research , a team of scientists has found that by releasing one pollutant into the environment , we might help capture another .
Findings from one of the National Science Foundation 's longest - running studies show that adding nitrogen to soil prompts northern hardwood forests to absorb more heat - trapping carbon dioxide .
As the atmosphere 's most abundant element , nitrogen plays a significant role in ecosystems , and one to which scientists and policymakers are paying greater attention .
Growing evidence suggests that as humanity pumps more nitrogen into the environment , forests could become bigger carbon sinks and help mitigate climate change .
But experts warn that it's a dangerous experiment that could have serious consequences .
Nitrogen comes from a vast array of sources : farm fertilizer , car exhaust , factory and power plant emissions .
Scientists expect nitrogen deposition this century to jump two to three times above current levels , dramatically influencing the planet 's environment and thermostat .
" It is pretty important to recognize that human effects on the nitrogen cycle have significant effects on climate , " said Alan Townsend , North America director of the International Nitrogen Initiative .
That 's why Kurt Pregitzer of the University of Nevada , Reno and his fellow researchers essentially fertilized four experimental forests in northern Michigan .
They applied nitrogen at two to three times current concentrations — about what society is expected to emit a century from now , thanks to increasing use of fertilizer and fuel .
Tree growth , as expected , took off , with the newly formed wood absorbing and storing more carbon .
The surprise was what happened on the forest floor .
There scientists found that decomposition of twigs and other tree litter slowed .
Lignin — the tough substance that gives vegetables their crunch and is quite good at storing carbon — proved more resistant to the forest floor 's microbes .
Those microbes , said Pregitzer , are " the gatekeepers of carbon transformation . "
" What we did n't anticipate was that storage of carbon in soil is directly altered by the addition of nitrogen , " he said .
" The really novel part , I think , is that the microbial community is actually altered . "
This is significant , said team member Donald Zak of the University of Michigan .
With microbes dining lightly on lignin , more dead plant matter stays in the soil .
Zak said this litter traps as much carbon as the robustly growing trees — a considerable boost to the forest 's ability to sequester carbon emissions .
Scientists do n't yet understand the mechanisms that slow the decomposition , Zak cautioned .
It 's a crucial question they 'll need to answer if they hope to understand the role that forests play in carbon sequestration .
The team 's findings could help build more accurate models of climate change , said member Andrew Burton of Michigan Technological University .
" Now that [ climate modelers ] have the big fluxes down , there 's a lot of these fine - tuning things left , " he said .
There are major caveats , however .
Nitrogen should not be seen as a climate savior , Pregitzer cautioned .
For one , pumping nitrogen into the atmosphere has many downsides , including biodiversity loss , smog formation , and acidification of forests , streams and lakes .
" One thing that would be a mistake would be to give the implication that nitrogen deposition is a good thing , " Pregitzer said .
Second , the experimental forests have all passed saturation , the point at which nitrogen can no longer be absorbed and instead leaches into groundwater .
The group 's models predict future forests will be equally saturated , Zak said .
" If forests respond across the region as these have , then nitrogen leaching into aquatic ecosystems is going to increase , " he said .
Some leaching might not be a bad thing , Burton said , since excess nitrogen could be taken up by plants in nearby areas .
But people who drink water with too much nitrogen face health risks , most notably so - called blue baby syndrome , a potentially fatal blood disease that affects infants .
And once it enters waterways , nitrogen makes its way to lakes and oceans where it can contribute to " dead zones , " coastal areas where excess nutrients cause explosive phytoplankton growth , robbing water of oxygen and suffocating the aquatic creatures that need it .
Finally , and perhaps most worrisome , saturating forests with nitrogen " will very likely " lead to more nitrous oxide emissions - a potent greenhouse gas - said Nathaniel Ostrom , co-director of the Biogeochemistry Environmental Research Initiative at Michigan State University .
Nitrous oxide emissions in other areas , scientists say , could even offset the climate benefit of northern forests as carbon sinks .
The jury is still out on whether human - caused nitrogen deposition accelerates climate change through those emissions or slows it by boosting plant growth and slowing decomposition , said Townsend .
" But I suspect that we 're accelerating it , " he said .
" The speed and scale at which we 're changing the nitrogen cycle are pretty scary . "
This article originally ran at The Daily Climate , the climate change news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
Do I hear the braying of the UN donkey in Gaza ?
On his Middle East tour , the French President , Nicolas Sarkozy , may well be mentioning that well - known Eeyore figure on the East River , always so willing to send its peacekeepers on Mission Impossible .
The Palestinians have been trying to internationalise their conflict with the Israelis ever since Yasser Arafat pleaded for UN forces to protect the Palestinians after the failure of the Oslo agreement .
Always the Israelis have refused .
The very odd observer force which the EU installed in Hebron after Baruch Golstein had massacred Palestinians at the mosque – its patrols regularly interrupted by the Jewish settlers of this very odd city – simply faded away .
And the United Nations Relief and Works Agency has been throwing tents and food and school classes at the slums of Palestinian refugee camps for generations .
Can it be that yet another Israeli failure in Gaza will change the dynamics of " peacekeeping " in the Middle East , that at last the ghost of Arafat will watch the " internationalisation " of the Israeli - Palestinian war ?
The cliché , in both senses of the word – both the tired phrase and the matrix for any future UN force – is , of course , UNIFIL , the so - called United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon .
It arrived in southern Lebanon in 1978 after Israel 's hopeless " Operation Litani " , which was supposed to " destroy " the Palestinian guerrilla forces north of the Israeli border .
The UN mandate insisted that the Israelis retreat to their international frontier – which they refused to do – eventually leaving the UN with an Israeli occupation force to the south of them and Palestinian units with bases inside the UN force and to the north of them .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
When Israel staged another hopeless invasion in 1982 – like its unrealistic Hamas operation in Gaza as well as the 1978 Lebanon invasion , it was supposed to " destroy " their Palestinian enemies – the UN found itself operating entirely within an Israeli occupation zone , even allowing Israel 's intelligence officers to travel through UN checkpoints to arrest or assassinate members of the latest Lebanese militia to oppose the occupation in the south .
Only when Israel withdrew from Lebanon in 2000 , 22 years after the UN 's first arrival , did the peacekeeping force – now largely from poorer African and Asian countries – operate independently , albeit with Hizbollah now installed in their midst .
The 2006 Israeli - Hizbollah war ended with a larger UN force in southern Lebanon , this time commanded by Nato generals who patrolled an area free of Hizbollah weapons – but only because Hizballah 's newer long - range rockets could be fired from north of the UN 's area of operations .
The UN force , it should be added , was constantly abused by Israel .
It was accused of being " pro-Palestinian " ( whatever that is ) , in league with " terrorists " ( it was never explained how ) , weak , anti-Israeli and – of course – anti-Semitic .
Israelis even accused a local UN Fijian commander of spreading Aids .
So could there be yet another UN force in the region ?
Originally , there was a UN observer force on the Lebanese - Israeli border .
It arrived in 1948 and still exists – unarmed , on the frontier to this day , within the UNIFIL zone – and this , in reality , could be the framework of a new UN force in Palestine .
In other words , an unarmed observer group rather than a peacekeeping force , which could add an international voice to ceasefire violations between Israel and Hamas .
But be sure , the Palestinians would then ask for the same institution to be placed on the West Bank - Israeli border – and therein lies the problem for both Israel and the UN .
For which " frontier " would the UN then patrol ?
The UN border of the 1940s , the pre-1967 ceasefire lines – in which a pre-annexed East Jerusalem belonged to the Arabs – or the post - 1967 border in which Israel claimed " annexed " Jerusalem , or the massive walled " frontier " which now bites deeply into yet more Palestinian territory – illegally in international law ?
And would the UN also have to " observe " the equally illegal Jewish settlements built on Arab land within the West Bank ?
Gaza sounds an easy option .
The UN could place some international troops around Gaza .
But it would only be a matter of time before they would be required around the West Bank .
That would be a Palestinian dream – and , for those Israelis who wish to continue their expansion into Palestinian land – a nightmare .
Email missing from Cheney 's office on day White House told to preserve documents in CIA leak Nick Juliano
Published : Monday January 21 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This
New report shows archives gone on several key days in Plame investigation Among the sixteen days for which email are missing from Vice President Cheney 's office is Sept. 30 , 2003 , the same day the Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced they were investigating who outed former CIA officer Valerie Plame Wilson .
That morning , then - White House counsel Alberto Gonzales ordered the president and the vice president 's staff to " preserve all materials that might be relevant " to an inchoate Justice Department probe .
" We were informed last evening by the Department of Justice that it has opened an investigation into possible unauthorized disclosures concerning the identity of an undercover CIA employee , " Gonzales wrote in a terse Sep. 30 , 2003 email .
" The Department advised us that it will be sending a letter today instructing us to preserve all materials that might be relevant to its investigation .
Its letter will provide more specific instructions on the materials in which it is interested , and we will communicate those instructions directly to you .
In the meantime , you must preserve all materials that might in any way be related to the Department 's investigation . "
The analysis was released over the weekend by Citizens for Ethics and Responsibility in Washington ( CREW ) , a D.C. - based ethics watchdog .
The White House said in a court filing last week that backup tapes , which contained archived copies of the e-mails , were recycled as part of a policy the White House had in place until October 2003 .
Special Prosecutor and Chicago US Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald convicted Vice President Cheney 's former chief of staff I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby of obstructing justice and lying to investigators last year .
Fitzgerald noted in a January 2006 letter that some of the White House 's emails had not been archived .
Emails gone on day Bush said he'd ' take care of ' leaker Ironically , Cheney 's office is missing emails from the very day President Bush told reporters he'd " take care of " whatever staff member had actually leaked the CIA agent 's name .
" If there is a leak out of my administration , I want to know who it is , " Bush said Sept. 30 , 2003 .
" And if the person has violated the law , the person will be taken care of . "
The day before , then - White House press secretary Scott McClellan had said there was " nothing , absolutely nothing " to suggest any White House involvement .
" And that includes the vice president 's office , as well , " McClellan added .
Much remains to be learned about what happened to White House e-mails on 473 days for which they seem to have disappeared .
A lawsuit brought by CREW and the National Security Archive and planned hearings from the House Oversight Committee are trying to find out just how much of the historical record of the Bush administration ended up in the White House recycling bin .
Cheney 's office also is missing e-mails from Oct. 4 , 2003 , when the Justice Department demanded that the White House turn over " all documents that relate in any way " to the leak of Plame 's identity .
E-mails are also missing for the following day , during which the probe intensified and CIA director George Tenet found himself at the center of it , " caught between his loyalty to the president and defending an agency enraged " at Plame 's exposure , according to the New York Times .
As Fitzgerald 's probe continued over the next few years , emails continued to disappear , CREW says .
More e-mails were missing from Cheney 's office on Feb. 16 , 2005 , when a court ordered reporters who had discussed Plame 's identity with administration officials to testify about those conversations .
All in all , some 473 days of emails are missing from various Administration departments , according to a House Democrat who saw a White House presentation on the files .
I was walking home the other day and noticed that a short stretch of road smelled of rosemary .
On doubling back , I discovered that someone had planted herbs along the previously bare median in my Atlanta , Georgia neighborhood : rosemary , lavender , cilantro , and basil .
Guerrilla Gardening is a movement that got its start in the 70’s when Liz Christy and the Green Guerrillas turned an abandoned lot in New York into a community garden .
From their underground gardening roots , tossing seed bombs into vacant lots and turning unused space into green space , the Green Guerrillas have grown into a nonprofit group that ’s helped organize over 600 gardens in New York .
The Liz Christy Bowery Garden
After cleaning up an abandoned lot at the corner of Bowery and Houston in late 1973 , hauling away trash and revitalizing the soil , the Liz Christy Green Guerrillas petitioned the City ’s office of Housing Preservation and Development to make the Bowery Garden an official community garden .
They planted flowers , trees , and edibles , offering workshops .
The group hosted plant giveaways to help folks in other areas start their own community gardens .
In 2005 , new construction threatened the Bowery Garden ’s future .
The garden closed to the public from 2005 - 2006 , while construction in an adjacent lot was underway .
Fortunately , the gardeners were able to negotiate a deal with AvalonBay Communities .
The developers were swayed in no small part by the petitions and letter - writing campaigns from the community .
New York City ’s first community garden is still at the corner of Bowery and Houston today , and the Green Guerrillas continue their efforts to help New Yorkers learn about community gardening and growing their own food .
These days , the Green Guerrillas help New Yorkers plan and maintain community gardens through organization , education , and advocacy .
They also still help maintain the original Bowery Houston Community Farm and Garden .
A Growing Movement
From its humble roots in New York , the concept of guerrilla gardening has spread across the world .
From small bits of activism , like the herbs I encountered in Atlanta to underground gardens in the UK , folks are taking action to beautify their surroundings and make fresh fruits and vegetables accessible .
There are even wonderful books on the topic , like Richard Reynolds ’ On Guerrilla Gardening .
[ Image Credit : Creative Commons photos by Jordan Davis ]
DIGG THIS
This is the introduction to The Left , The Right , and The State .
In American political culture , and world political culture too , the divide concerns in what way the state ’s power should be expanded .
The left has a laundry list and the right does too .
Both represent a grave threat to the only political position that is truly beneficial to the world and its inhabitants : liberty .
What is the state ?
It is the group within society that claims for itself the exclusive right to rule everyone under a special set of laws that permit it to do to others what everyone else is rightly prohibited from doing , namely aggressing against person and property .
Why would any society permit such a gang to enjoy an unchallenged legal privilege ?
Here is where ideology comes into play .
The reality of the state is that it is a looting and killing machine .
So why do so many people cheer for its expansion ?
Indeed , why do we tolerate its existence at all ?
The very idea of the state is so implausible on its face that the state must wear an ideological garb as means of compelling popular support .
Ancient states had one or two : they would protect you from enemies and / or they were ordained by the gods .
To greater and lesser extents , all modern states still employ these rationales , but the democratic state in the developed world is more complex .
It uses a huge range of ideological rationales — parsed out between left and right — that reflect social and cultural priorities of niche groups , even when many of these rationales are contradictory .
The left wants the state to distribute wealth , to bring about equality , to rein in businesses , to give workers a boost , to provide for the poor , to protect the environment .
I address many of these rationales in this book , with an eye toward particular topics in the news .
The right , on the other hand , wants the state to punish evildoers , to boost the family , to subsidize upright ways of living , to create security against foreign enemies , to make the culture cohere , and to go to war to give ourselves a sense of national identity .
I also address these rationales .
So how are these competing interests resolved ?
They logroll and call it democracy .
The left and right agree to let each other have their way , provided nothing is done to injure the interests of one or the other .
The trick is to keep the balance .
Who is in power is really about which way the log is rolling .
And there you have the modern state in a nutshell .
Although it has ancestors in such regimes as Lincoln ’s and Wilson ’s , the genesis of the modern state is in the interwar period , when the idea of the laissez - faire society fell into disrepute — the result of the mistaken view that the free market brought us economic depression .
So we had the New Deal , which was a democratic hybrid of socialism and fascism .
The old liberals were nearly extinct .
The US then fought a war against the totalitarian state , allied to a totalitarian state , and the winner was leviathan itself .
Our leviathan does n’t always have a chief executive who struts around in a military costume , but he enjoys powers that Caesars of old would have envied .
The total state today is more soothing and slick than it was in its interwar infancy , but it is no less opposed to the ideals advanced in these pages .
How much further would the state have advanced had Mises and Rothbard and many others not dedicated their lives to freedom ?
We must become the intellectual dissidents of our time , rejecting the demands for statism that come from the left and right .
And we must advance a positive program of liberty , which is as radical , fresh , and true as it ever was .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Will Hutton , the head of the Work Foundation , a think tank , raised the spectre of Britain going bankrupt .
" With the amount of red ink in the UK budget deficit next year , together with the amount of new liabilities the taxpayer is having to underwrite , we look like Iceland - on - Thames , " he said .
Subject : [ ANN ] Ruby 1.9.1 Release Candidate 2 is released
From : " Yugui ( Yuki Sonoda ) " < yugui@ g . >
Date : Wed , 21 Jan 2009 01:41:12 +0900
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 Hi , folks Ruby 1.9.1 Release Candidate 2 has been released .
This is a release candidate of Ruby 1.9.1 , which will be the first stable version of Ruby 1.9 series .
You can read about changes since 1.8.7 at http://svn.ruby-lang.org/repos/ruby/tags/v1_9_1_rc2/NEWS
.
We have fixed 29 bugs and added some character encoding converters .
http://redmine.ruby-lang.org/projects/ruby-19/issues?query_id=7
If you encounter a bug or a problem , please let us know it via the official issue tracking system ( http://redmine.ruby-lang.org ) . == Location * ftp://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.1-rc2.tar.bz2
SIZE : 7189157 bytes MD5 : f113cec7a1a447243575d39ed611ddda SHA256 : acb5061123fa7170597e713ef773e21ddd9dd167f27aaae2c5440b5ec12df2ec * ftp://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.1-rc2.tar.gz
SIZE : 9027293 bytes MD5 : 7a2e4e16361ebf33b2032f366ceef785 SHA256 : 195228054af5f557e407e88a8be1e35e6ea997132cd9e4e7d6ccacfc37fb04d7 * ftp://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.1-rc2.zip
SIZE : 10286594 bytes MD5 : 1160c08515904be2557eba9e5f8c89a3 SHA256 : e8329729e5138ff45617d68a7f96cbe027da7967d64d8700944315fd145b5194
Thanks , - -- Yugui ( Yuki Sonoda ) < yugui / yugui.jp >
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.9 ( Darwin ) Comment : Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org
The English spelling system is ' absolutely , unspeakably awful ' .
That is the conclusion of new research that has found that children face 800 words by the age of 11 that hinder their reading because of the way they are spelt .
Monkey , asparagus , spinach , caterpillar , dwarf , banana , handkerchief , pliers , soldiers , stomach , petal and telescope have all been included on the long list of words that baffle children because they contain letter combinations that are more commonly pronounced in a different way .
The words have all been identified as problematic for reading , as opposed to writing , because of their ' phonic unreliability ' , according to the study The Most Costly English Spellings .
It was presented yesterday at the conference of the Spelling Society , held at Coventry University .
Masha
Bell , the literacy researcher who carried out the work , argued that there were 200 words on the list that could be improved by simply dropping ' surplus letters ' such as the ' i ' in friend or the 'u ' in shoulder .
' English has an absolutely , unspeakably awful spelling system , ' said Bell , a former English teacher and author of the book Understanding English Spelling .
' It is the worst of all the alphabetical languages .
It is unique in that there are not just spelling problems but reading problems .
They do not exist anywhere else .'
Bell argued that the spelling system was a huge financial burden on schools and was to blame for poor literacy results compared with the rest of Europe .
In Finland , where words are more likelyto be pronounced as they look , children learn to read fluently within three months , she said .
In the UK , academics have found that it takes three years for a child to acquire a basic level of competence .
The tricky spellings make English particularly difficult for children with dyslexia and those from disadvantaged families , who are less likely to be read to regularly by their parents .
In the research Bell highlights examples of words that have the same pronunciation but different letter combinations .
Examples include to and two ; clean and gene ; same and aim ; day and grey ; kite and light ; and stole and coal .
Then there are those that look alike but sound different with the combinations of ' ea ' , 'ee ' and the letter ' o ' causing most trouble .
Among the words falling into that category are eight and height , break and dreamt , and move and post .
The letters ' ough ' can also be pronounced in a number of different ways .
Simplifying the system would transform literacy results , according to Bell , but she said people were resistant to change .
' People feel that they have suffered so much at the hands of English spelling that they are reluctant to look at it , ' she said .
Yet other countries have made changes .
Last month the parliament in Portugal , where the spelling system is also thought to be complicated , voted to reform and simplify it , bringing it into line with Brazil .
' In 1928 the Turks changed their entire alphabet from Arabic to Latin , ' said John Wells , professor of phonetics at University College London and president of the Spelling Society .
' It happened in the Soviet Union . '
In Germany there were changes made in the 1990s to make the writing system more consistent .
English has also developed with words such as ' olde ' and ' worlde ' dropping the 'e ' .
Wells wants to see things change again and feels there are two possible approaches .
The first would be to simplify the way in which words are spelt and then allow people to choose whether to use the new or old system , while the second approach would involve a complete change .
' The Spelling Society favours the first , ' he said .
Chris Davis , spokesman for the National Primary Headteachers ' Association , said the spelling system had a major impact on children 's literacy progress :
' It definitely slows English children down .
In international comparisons , languages that are phonetically uniform always come top . '
But he said that teachers would be reluctant to see things change .
' It would be such a major revolution that people would find it very difficult to contemplate , ' he said .
' There are already problems because of the different spelling system in America , but there would also be resistance about going down that route .
I think it is an ownership thing , that it is our language . '
Davis argued that people felt that spelling was linked to the origin of words .
100 of the most difficult words
Orange , foreign , rhinoceros , properly , vomit , tambourine , tournament , tourist , heaven , engine , exquisite , opposite , advertisement , gnarled , rigid , risen , sinister , spinach , video , vinegar , tie , wheelie , quiet , science , crier , pliers , soldier , Monday , mongrel , monkey , courage , magic , manage , palace , four , journey , gnash , gnaw , gnome , ghastly , guard , miracle , miserable , pigeon , pity , prison , month , mother , nothing , once , smother , son , sponge , tongue , wonder , almost , both , comb , ghost , gross , most , only , post , programme , deny , reply , July , obey , caterpillar , chapel , damage , dragon , fabulous , family , famished , garage , glacier , habit , hazard , hexagonal , imagine , panic , radish , miaow , powder , cauliflower , plant , pyjamas , raft , rather , salami , task , vast , kiosk , kiwi , machine , encourage , somersault , swollen , souvenir .
Created on 2008 - 12 - 26 21:09 by pitrou , last changed 2015 - 06 - 02 21:38 by db3l .
This issue is now closed .
Messages ( 117 )
msg78306 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-26 21:09
This patch implements what is usually called " threaded code " for the ceval loop on compilers which support it ( only gcc ) .
The idea is that there is a separate opcode dispatch epilog at the end of each opcode , which allows the CPU to make much better use of its branch prediction capabilities .
The net result is a 15 - 20 % average speedup on pybench and pystone , with higher speedups on very tight loops ( see below for the full pybench result chart ) .
The opcode jump table is generated by a separate script which is called as part of the Makefile ( just as the asdl building script already is ) .
On compilers other than gcc , performance will of course be unchanged .
Test minimum run-time average run-time this other diff this other diff
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BuiltinFunctionCalls : 100ms 107ms - 7.1 % 101ms 110ms - 8.2 % BuiltinMethodLookup : 76ms 106ms - 28.1 % 78ms 106ms - 26.5 % CompareFloats : 108ms 141ms - 23.2 % 108ms 141ms - 23.2 % CompareFloatsIntegers : 171ms 188ms - 9.4 % 173ms 204ms - 15.3 % CompareIntegers : 165ms 213ms - 22.6 % 168ms 224ms - 25.1 % CompareInternedStrings : 127ms 169ms - 24.6 % 127ms 169ms - 24.8 % CompareLongs : 95ms 124ms - 23.1 % 95 ms 126ms - 24.5 % CompareStrings : 109ms 136ms - 20.2 % 111ms 139ms - 19.9 % ComplexPythonFunctionCalls : 131ms 150ms - 12.4 % 136ms 151ms - 10.2 % ConcatStrings : 159ms 171ms - 6.9 % 160ms 173ms - 7.4 % CreateInstances : 148ms 157ms - 5.6 % 150ms 158ms - 4.9 % CreateNewInstances : 112ms 117ms - 4.3 % 112ms 118ms - 4.6 % CreateStringsWithConcat : 144ms 198ms - 27.3 % 148ms 199ms - 25.7 % DictCreation : 90ms 104ms - 13.3 % 90ms 104ms - 13.1 % DictWithFloatKeys : 117ms 153ms - 23.7 % 117ms 154ms - 24.0 % DictWithIntegerKeys : 104ms 153ms - 32.3 % 104ms 154ms - 32.5 % DictWithStringKeys : 90ms 140ms - 35.7 % 90ms 141ms - 36.3 % ForLoops : 100ms 161ms - 38.1 % 100 ms 161ms - 38.1 % IfThenElse : 123ms 170ms - 28.0 % 125 ms 171ms - 27.1 % ListSlicing : 142ms 141ms +0.3 % 142ms 142ms +0.2 % NestedForLoops : 135 ms 190ms - 29.0 % 135 ms 190ms - 29.0 % NormalClassAttribute : 249ms 281ms - 11.5 % 249ms 281ms - 11.3 % NormalInstanceAttribute : 110ms 153ms - 28.2 % 111ms 154ms - 28.1 % PythonFunctionCalls : 106ms 130ms - 18.7 % 108ms 131ms - 17.2 % PythonMethodCalls : 151ms 169ms - 10.1 % 152ms 169ms - 9.8 % Recursion : 183ms 242ms - 24.7 % 191ms 243ms - 21.4 % SecondImport : 142ms 138ms +2.7 % 144ms 139ms +3.4 % SecondPackageImport : 146ms 149ms - 2.3 % 148ms 150ms - 1.5 % SecondSubmoduleImport : 201ms 193ms +3.9 % 201ms 195ms +3.4 % SimpleComplexArithmetic : 90ms 112ms - 19.6 % 90ms 112ms - 19.8 % SimpleDictManipulation : 172ms 230ms - 25.2 % 173ms 231ms - 25.0 % SimpleFloatArithmetic : 98ms 133ms - 26.3 % 99ms 137ms - 27.9 % SimpleIntFloatArithmetic : 134ms 175ms - 23.6 % 138ms 176ms - 21.6 % SimpleIntegerArithmetic : 134ms 183ms - 26.8 % 141ms 183ms - 23.1 % SimpleListManipulation : 91ms 143ms - 36.3 % 93ms 143ms - 35.1 % SimpleLongArithmetic : 88 ms 108ms - 17.9 % 91ms 109ms - 16.2 % SmallLists : 127ms 162ms - 21.6 % 129ms 164ms - 21.2 % SmallTuples : 149ms 177ms - 15.6 % 151ms 178ms - 15.1 % SpecialClassAttribute : 423ms 426ms - 0.7 % 426ms 430ms - 0.9 % SpecialInstanceAttribute : 110ms 154ms - 28.2 % 111ms 154ms - 28.3 % StringMappings : 428ms 443ms - 3.4 % 432ms 449ms - 3.7 % StringPredicates : 124ms 161ms - 23.1 % 125ms 162ms - 22.7 % StringSlicing : 207ms 223ms - 7.1 % 208ms 228ms - 8.7 % TryExcept : 72ms 166ms - 56.3 % 73ms 166ms - 56.2 % TryFinally : 93ms 120ms - 22.9 % 93ms 124ms - 25.2 % TryRaiseExcept : 52ms 64ms - 19.2 % 52ms 65 ms - 19.2 % TupleSlicing : 177ms 195ms - 9.1 % 178ms 198ms - 10.2 % WithFinally : 147ms 163ms - 10.2 % 147ms 164ms - 10.1 % WithRaiseExcept : 156ms 173ms - 10.1 % 157ms 174ms - 9.7 %
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Totals : 6903ms 8356ms - 17.4 % 6982ms 8443ms - 17.3 %
msg78307 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-26 21:22
Armin , by reading the pypy - dev mailing - list it looks like you were interested in this .
On 2008 - 12-26 22:09 , Antoine Pitrou wrote : >
This patch implements what is usually called " threaded code " for the > ceval loop on compilers which support it ( only gcc ) .
The idea is that > there is a separate opcode dispatch epilog at the end of each opcode , > which allows the CPU to make much better use of its branch prediction > capabilities .
The net result is a 15 - 20 % average speedup on pybench and > pystone , with higher speedups on very tight loops ( see below for the > full pybench result chart ) .
Now I know why you want opcode stats in pybench :-)
This looks like a promising approach .
Is is possible to backport this change to Python 2.x as well ?
msg78363 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-27 13:27
> This looks like a promising approach .
Is is possible to backport > this change to Python 2.x as well ?
Certainly .
msg78364 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-27 13:29
This new patch uses a statically initialized jump table rather than specific initialization code .
msg78616 - ( view ) Author : Christian Heimes ( christian.heimes ) * Date : 2008-12-31 16:02
I 'm having trouble understanding the technique of the jump table .
Can you provide some links to papers that explain the threaded code ?
I 'm interested in learning more .
How does your implementation compare to the GForth based threaded code speedwise ?
msg78620 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-31 16:15
> I 'm having trouble understanding the technique of the jump table .
Can > you provide some links to papers that explain the threaded code ?
I'm > interested in learning more .
I have n't read any papers .
Having a jump table in itself is n't special ( the compiler does exactly that when compiling the switch ( ) statement ) .
What 's special is that a dedicated indirect jump instruction at the end of each opcode helps the CPU make a separate prediction for which opcode follows the other one , which is not possible with a switch statement where the jump instruction is shared by all opcodes .
I believe that 's where most of the speedup comes from .
If you read the patch it will probably be easy to understand .
I had the idea to try this after a thread on pypy - dev , there are more references there : http://codespeak.net/pipermail/pypy-dev/2008q4/004916.html >
How does your implementation compare to the GForth based threaded code > speedwise ?
Do n't know !
Your experiments are welcome .
My patch is far simpler to integrate though ( it 's small , introduces very few changes and does not break any existing tests ) .
msg78628 - ( view ) Author : Christian Heimes ( christian.heimes ) * Date : 2008-12-31 16:37
> I have n't read any papers .
Having a jump table in itself is n't special > ( the compiler does exactly that when compiling the switch ( ) statement ) . >
What 's special is that a dedicated indirect jump instruction at the end > of each opcode helps the CPU make a separate prediction for which opcode > follows the other one , which is not possible with a switch statement > where the jump instruction is shared by all opcodes .
I believe that 's > where most of the speedup comes from .
> >
If you read the patch it will probably be easy to understand .
You are right .
It 's easier to understand after I 've learned how the opcode_targets table is working .
Previously I did n't know that one can store the address of a label in an array .
Before I got it I wondered where the pointers were defined .
Is this a special GCC feature ?
I have n't seen it before . >
Do n't know !
Your experiments are welcome .
My patch is far simpler to > integrate though ( it 's small , introduces very few changes and does not > break any existing tests ) .
Yes , your patch is much smaller , less intrusive and easier to understand with a little background in CS .
msg78629 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-31 16:40
> Is this a special GCC feature ?
Yes , it is .
http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Labels-as-Values.html
msg78651 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-31 20:24
This new patch adds some detailed comments , at Jason Orendorff 's request .
msg78653 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2008-12-31 21:20
You may want to check out issue1408710 in which a similar patch was provided , but failed to deliver the desired results .
I did n't get the advertised ~ 15 % speed - up , but only 4 % on my Intel Core2 laptop and 8 % on my AMD Athlon64 X2 desktop .
I attached the benchmark results .
The patch looks pretty clean .
Here is a few things that caught my attention while reading your patch .
First , you should rename opcode_targets .c to opcode_targets .h.
This will make it explicit that the file is not compiled , but just included .
Also , the macro USE_THREADED_CODE should be renamed to something else ; the word " thread " is too tightly associated with multi-threading .
Furthermore , threaded code simply refers to code consisting only of function calls .
Maybe , USE_COMPUTED_GOTO or USE_DIRECT_DISPATCH
would be better .
Finally , why do you disable your patch when DYNAMIC_EXECUTION_PROFILE or LLTRACE is enabled ?
I tested your patch with both enabled and I did n't see any test failures .
By the way , SUNCC also supports GCC 's syntax for labels as values ( http://docs.sun.com/app/docs/doc/819-5265/bjabt?l=en&a=view).
msg78656 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2008-12-31 22:12
Works pretty well for me on my MacBook Pro , but on my G5 it performed abysmally .
In fact , it ran so much worse that I cleaned up my sandbox and did both checks all over again to make sure I did n't mess something up .
It looks like my MacBook Pro saw about a 7 % improvement while my G5 saw a 14 % degradation .
Both computers are running Mac OS X 10.5.6 with the latest Xcode - 3.1.2 .
On both computers gcc -v reports 4.0.1 , Apple build 5490 .
If this is applied to the core I think it will have to select for more than just gcc .
It will also have to select based on the instruction set architecture .
msg78657 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-31 22:17
> Works pretty well for me on my MacBook Pro , but on my G5 it performed > abysmally .
In fact , it ran so much worse that I cleaned up my sandbox > and did both checks all over again to make sure I did n't mess something > up .
It looks like my MacBook Pro saw about a 14 % degradation .
Both > computers are running Mac OS X 10.5.6 with the latest Xcode - 3.1.2 . >
On both computers gcc -v reports 4.0.1 , Apple build 5490 .
You 're sure you did n't compile in debug mode or something ?
Just checking .
msg78658 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2008-12-31 22:24
Antoine >
You 're sure you did n't compile in debug mode or something ?
Just Antoine > checking .
There was a cut -n - paste error in that one which I noticed right after submitting ( man , do I hate the crappy editing capability of < textarea > widgets ) .
I removed it within a minute or two and replaced it with a correct version .
Short answer : Intel thumbs up , PowerPC thumbs down .
Skip
msg78660 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-31 22:41
Hello , >
You may want to check out issue1408710 in which a similar patch was > provided , but failed to deliver the desired results .
> >
I did n't get the advertised ~ 15 % speed - up , but only 4 % on my Intel Core2 > laptop and 8 % on my AMD Athlon64 X2 desktop .
I attached the benchmark > results .
Thanks .
The machine I got the 15 % speedup on is in 64 - bit mode with gcc 4.3.2 .
If you want to investigate , you can output the assembler code for ceval . c ; the command - line should be something like : gcc - pthread -c - fno-strict - aliasing - DNDEBUG -g - fwrapv - O3 - Wall - Wstrict - prototypes - I. - IInclude - I. / Include - DPy_BUILD_CORE -S - dA Python / ceval.c and then count the number of indirect jump instructions in ceval .c : grep - E " jmp [ [ : space : ] ] \* % " ceval .s
There should be 85 to 90 of them , roughly .
If there are many less , then the compiler has tried to optimize them by " sharing " them .
>
First , you should rename opcode_targets .c to opcode_targets .h.
This will > make it explicit that the file is not compiled , but just included .
Ok. >
Also , the macro USE_THREADED_CODE should be renamed to something else ; > the word " thread " is too tightly associated with multi- threading .
>
Furthermore , threaded code simply refers to code consisting only of > function calls .
Maybe , USE_COMPUTED_GOTO or USE_DIRECT_DISPATCH
would be > better .
Ok. >
Finally , why do you disable your patch when DYNAMIC_EXECUTION_PROFILE or > LLTRACE is enabled ?
I tested your patch with both enabled and I did n't > see any test failures .
Because otherwise the measurements these options are meant to do would be meaningless .
>
By the way , SUNCC also supports GCC 's syntax for labels as values I do n't have a Sun machine to test , so I 'll leave to someone else to check and enable if they want to .
msg78663 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2008-12-31 22:53
Attached new patch for fixes suggested by Alexandre ( rename opcode_targets.c to opcode_targets.h , replace USE_THREADED_CODE with USE_COMPUTED_GOTOS ) .
msg78685 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-01 03:44
Mentioning other versions as well .
The patch is so easy that it can be backported to all supported versions , so I 'm adding all of them ( 2.5 is in bugfix - only mode , and as far as I can see this patch cannot be accepted there , sadly ) .
msg78686 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-01 04:10
Paolo > ( 2.5 is in bugfix - only mode , and as far as I can see this patch Paolo > cannot be accepted there , sadly ) .
You could backport it to 2.4 & 2.5 and just put it up on PyPI ...
msg78687 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-01 04:28
Some other comments .
The time saving of indirect threading are also associated with the removal of the range check , but better branch prediction is the main advantage .
>
Also , the macro USE_THREADED_CODE should be renamed to something else ; > the word " thread " is too tightly associated with multi-threading .
That 's true .
>
Furthermore , threaded code simply refers to code consisting only of > function calls .
Maybe , USE_COMPUTED_GOTO or USE_DIRECT_DISPATCH
would be > better .
I 'd prefer USE_DIRECT_DISPATCH ( or better , USE_THREADED_DISPATCH ) rather than USE_COMPUTED_GOTO , since the latter is just the used language construct .
" indirect threading " is the standard name in CS literature to define this technique .
" Direct threading " is a variation where in the bytecode array , opcode is replaced by the pointer opcode_handler [ opcode ] , so that dispatch is slightly faster .
Most interpreters use indirect threading to save memory , and because it enables to switch the opcode handlers table to activate for instance debugging .
The best paper about this is : " The Structure and Performance of Efficient Interpreters , M. Anton Ertl and David Gregg , 2003 " .
The original paper about ( direct ) threaded code is this : " Threaded Code , James R. Bell , Comm. of ACM , 1973 " , but I do n't feel it relevant at all today .
Indirect threading was introduced in " Indirect Threaded Code , Robert B. K. Dewar , Communications of the ACM , 1975 " ( that 's just a bit more relevant , but still ) .
msg78688 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-01 04:36
> You may want to check out issue1408710 in which a similar patch was > provided , but failed to deliver the desired results .
It 's not really similar , because you do n't duplicate the dispatch code .
It took me some time to understand why you did n't change the " goto fast_next_opcode " , but that 's where you miss the speedup .
The only difference with your change is that you save the range check for the switch , so the slowdown probably comes from some minor output change from GCC I guess .
Anyway , this suggests that the speedup really comes from better branch prediction and not from saving the range check .
The 1st paper I mentioned simply states that saving the range check might make a small differences .
The point is that sometimes , when you are going to flush the pipeline , it 's like adding a few instructions , even conditional jumps , does not make a difference .
I 've observed this behaviour quite a few times while building from scratch a small Python interpreter .
I guess ( but this might be wrong ) that 's because the execution units were not used at their fullest , and adding conditional jumps does n't make a differeence because flushing a pipeline once or twice is almost the same ( the second flush removes just few instructions ) .
Or something like that , I 'm not expert enough of CPU architecture to be sure of such guesses .
msg78689 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-01 05:03
Topics 1 ) About different speedups on 32 bits vs 64 bits 2 ) About PPC slowdown 3 ) PyPI =======
About different speedups on 32 bits vs 64 bits =======
An interpreter is very register - hungry , so on x86_64 it spends much less time on register spill ( i.e. moving locals from / to memory ) , so instruction dispatch takes a bigger share of execution time .
If the rest of the interpreter is too slow , indirect threading gives no advantage .
Look at the amount of register variables in PyEval_EvalFrameEx ( ) ( btw , do you support any compiler where nowadays ' register ' still makes a difference ?
That 's quite weird ) .
Lots of them are simply cached copies of fields of the current frame and of the current function ; without copying them to locals , the compiler should assume they could change at any function call .
In fact , adding locals this way gave huge speedups on tight loops on the Python interpreter I built with a colleague for our student project , to experiment with speeding up Python .
And adding a write to memory in the dispatch code ( to f->last_i ) gave a 20 % slowdown .
Since my interpreter uses a copying garbage collector and CPython uses reference counting , which is much slower ( if you do n't know this , show me a fast JVM with reference counting ) , I 'm even surprised you can get such a big speedup from threading .
=======
About PPC slowdown =======
Somebody should try the patch on Pentium4 as well .
During our VM course , threading slowed down a toy interpreter with 4 toy opcodes .
Our teachers suggested that with such a small interpreter , since threaded code takes more space ( in that case , ~ 64 vs ~ 100 bytes ) , this could give problems with code caches , but suggested checking that idea using performance counters .
I 'm not sure about why .
I do n't have right now neither a Pentium4 nor a PowerPC available , so I can't check myself .
But this is the best way to analyze the performance unexpected behaviour .
======= PyPI ======= Paolo > ( 2.5 is in bugfix - only mode , and as far as I can see this patch Paolo > cannot be accepted there , sadly ) .
Skip >
You could backport it to 2.4 & 2.5 and just put it up on PyPI ...
I was thinking to a private backport as well .
I did n't know about PyPI , it looks like PyPI is more for contributed modules than for this , would that work ?
msg78691 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-01 05:15
== On the patch itself == Why do n't you use the C preprocessor instead of that Python code ?
Sample code : # define OPCODE_LIST( DEFINE_OPCODE ) \ DEFINE_OPCODE ( STOP_CODE , 0 ) \ DEFINE_OPCODE ( POP_TOP , 1 ) \ DEFINE_OPCODE ( ROT_TWO , 2 ) \ DEFINE_OPCODE ( ROT_THREE , 3 ) \ DEFINE_OPCODE ( DUP_TOP , 4 ) \ DEFINE_OPCODE ( ROT_FOUR , 5 ) \ DEFINE_OPCODE ( NOP , 9 ) \ ... # define DECL_OPCODE ( opcode ) \ [ opcode ] = && label_ # # opcode , void * opcodes [ ] = { OPCODE_LIST( DECL_OPCODE ) } ; # undef DECL_OPCODE
There are also other ways to do it , but using higher - order functions within the preprocessor in this way is something that I learned from the V8 source code .
It has the advantage that OPCODE_LIST can be used in a lot of other places ( maybe when implementing the ' opcode ' module , if it 's written in C ) .
msg78708 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-01 13:06
Hi , >
Why do n't you use the C preprocessor instead of that Python code ? >
Sample code :
We would have to change opcode.h for this to be truely useful ( in order to re-use OPCODE_LIST ( ) ) .
I think that should be the subject of a separate bug entry for code reorganization .
Thanks for all the explanation and pointers !
About register allocation , I wonder if the " temporary variables " u , v,w could be declared separately in each opcode rather than at the top of the eval function , so that the compiler does n't try to store their values between two opcodes .
As for the " register " declarations , I think they 're just remains of the past .
Antoine .
msg78711 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-01 14:00
Skip >
You could backport it to 2.4 & 2.5 and just put it up on PyPI ... Paolo >
I was thinking to a private backport as well .
I did n't know Paolo > about PyPI , it looks like PyPI is more for contributed modules Paolo > than for this , would that work ?
I do n't see why it would n't .
Skip
msg78722 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-01 19:43
> We would have to change opcode.h for this to be truely useful ( in order to re-use OPCODE_LIST ( ) ) .
Yep . >
I think that should be the subject of a separate bug entry for code reorganization .
Agreed , I 'll maybe try to find time for it .
>
Thanks for all the explanation and pointers !
You 're welcome , thanks to you for writing the patch !
And >
About register allocation , I wonder if the " temporary variables " u , v,w could be declared separately in each opcode rather than at the top of the eval function , so that the compiler does n't try to store their values between two opcodes .
I did n't look at the output , but that should n't be needed with decent optimizers , since they are local variables , so the compiler has a full picture of their usage ( this does not happen with the content of the heap , where the frame object may lie ) .
I think that change would just save some compilation time for dataflow analysis , maybe :-) .
Or could make clearer which variables is used where , but that is a matter of taste ( what 's there is fine for me ) .
I just studied liveness analysis in compilers , and it computes whether a variable is live before and after each statement ; if the value of a variable is not used in some piece of code until the next write to the variable , it is considered dead in that piece of code , and that variable does not take space ; since u , v , w are either unused or are written to before usage in all opcodes , they 're dead at the beginning of each opcode , so they 're also dead just before dispatch .
The only important thing is that the content of the jump table are known to the compiler and that the compiler makes use of that .
Simply passing a non-const jump table to some function defined elsewhere ( which could in theory modify it ) would make the output much worse .
msg78730 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2009-01-01 21:58
Antoine Pitrou wrote : > [...] count the number of indirect jump instructions in ceval .c : > > grep - E " jmp [ [ : space : ] ] \* % " ceval.s > >
There should be 85 to 90 of them , roughly .
If there are many less , then > the compiler has tried to optimize them by " sharing " them .
I get 86 with GCC 4.x and SUNCC .
However , with GCC 3.4 I only get a single computed goto .
Is there some hidden option to make GCC avoid sharing jumps ? >
Because otherwise the measurements these options are meant to do would > be meaningless .
Ah , I see now .
Maybe you should add a quick comment that mentions this . >
I do n't have a Sun machine to test , so I 'll leave to someone else to > check and enable if they want to .
I tested it and it worked , no test failures to report .
Just change the macro test : #ifdef __GNUC__ && \ ... to #ifdef ( __GNUC__ || __SUNPRO_C ) && \ ... I attached some additional benchmarks on SunOS .
So far , it seems the benefits of the proposed optimization are highly compiler - dependent .
msg78731 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2009-01-01 22:00
> Attached new patch for fixes suggested by Alexandre ( rename > opcode_targets.c to opcode_targets.h , replace USE_THREADED_CODE with > USE_COMPUTED_GOTOS ) .
You forgot to update your script to use the new name .
msg78735 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-01 22:48
> I get 86 with GCC 4.x and SUNCC .
However , with GCC 3.4 I only get a > single computed goto .
Is there some hidden option to make GCC avoid > sharing jumps ?
Try - fno- crossjumping . >
I tested it and it worked , no test failures to report .
Just change the > macro test : > > #ifdef __GNUC__ && \ > ... > > to > > #ifdef ( __GNUC__ || __SUNPRO_C ) && \ > ...
Thanks . >
You forgot to update your script to use the new name .
Ah , that 's rather dumb :)
msg78736 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-01 22:59
I 've updated the comments as per Alexandre 's request , added support for SUN CC , and fixed the generation script to use the new filename .
msg78748 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-02 02:53
> I attached some additional benchmarks on SunOS .
So far , it seems the benefits of the proposed optimization are highly compiler - dependent .
Well , it would be more correct to say that as you verified for GCC 3.4 , " miscompilation " of the code happens easily .
Any literature research shows that threading in a fast interpreter does help .
My experience shows two exceptions to this rule : a ) bad compiler output b ) interpreters which are not efficient enough - when other operations are even slower than instruction dispatch ( which is really slow due to costly mispredictions ) , threading can't help .
This is shown by the number of interpreters using threading .
Wikipedia has more pointers on this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threaded_code
Note that what I called " indirect threading " is called there instead " token threading " .
Another example of the importance of threading is also shown in this article : http://webkit.org/blog/189/announcing-squirrelfish/
Some clues about why Python does not use threading : http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-list/1999-May/002003.html
It is important to note that people in that mail are not aware of why threading gives a speedup .
== For SunCC , I can't say anything without looking at : a ) the generated code ; if jump targets were aligned only for switch but not for computed gotos , for instance , that could maybe explain such a slowdown .
Lots of other details might be relevant .
b ) performance counters results , especially regarding mispredictions of indirect branches .
On 2009-01-01 23:59 , Antoine Pitrou wrote : > Antoine Pitrou < pitrou@free.fr > added the comment : > >
I 've updated the comments as per Alexandre 's request , added support for > SUN CC , and fixed the generation script to use the new filename .
Since the patch heavily relies on the compiler doing the right thing ( which esp. GCC often does n't , unfortunately ) , I think that the opcode dispatch code should only be enabled via a configure option .
This is safer than enabling the support unconditionally for GCC and the SUN Pro C compiler , since it is rather likely that some GCC versions have bugs which could render Python unusable if compiled with the dispatching support enabled .
A configure option also has the additional benefit that you can enable the support for compilers which support the syntax , but are not included in the hard - coded list of compilers included in the patch .
msg78828 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-02 16:10
> This is safer than enabling the support unconditionally for GCC and > the SUN Pro C compiler , since it is rather likely that some GCC versions > have bugs which could render Python unusable if compiled with the > dispatching support enabled .
What do you mean , " unusable " ?
10 % slower ?
Well , Python 3.x is already unusable ( compared to 2.x ) by that metric ...
Until now , only Skip has reported a slowdown on his PPC machine , while x86 systems have all seen a positive ( if tiny , sometimes ) improvement .
I fear that with a configure option , disabled by default , the code will get very poor testing and perhaps get broken in some subtle way without anyone noticing .
msg78831 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-02 16:17
Antoine >
I fear that with a configure option , disabled by default , the Antoine > code will get very poor testing and perhaps get broken in some Antoine > subtle way without anyone noticing .
That can be fixed by enabling that option on the buildbots where it is presumed to help .
I see more slowdown on PPC than people are reporting as speedups on Intel .
Is there something I can do to help debug the problem ?
It does n't appear the Apple version of gcc supports the - fno - crossjumping flag .
If I dump the assembler code for ceval .c will that help others debug the problem ?
Skip
msg78834 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-02 16:28
> If I dump the assembler code for ceval .c will that help others debug > the problem ?
Well , I 'm no PPC expert but it can be useful .
Can you dump it with " - S - dA " ?
( also , can you try the latest patch ?
I 've made some tiny adjustement in the opcode epilogues , I do n't think it will make a difference but who knows )
On 2009-01-02 17:10 , Antoine Pitrou wrote : > Antoine Pitrou < pitrou@free.fr > added the comment : > >>
This is safer than enabling the support unconditionally for GCC and >> the SUN Pro C compiler , since it is rather likely that some GCC versions >> have bugs which could render Python unusable if compiled with the >> dispatching support enabled .
> >
What do you mean , " unusable " ?
Well , not working .
GCC versions often have optimizer bugs ( esp. the 3.x series and early 4.x versions ) and I would n't bet on them always getting the dispatch optimizations right .
Trying to compile Python with an unconditionally enabled dispatch patch on such a system would render Python unusable .
> 10 % slower ?
Well , Python 3.x is already > unusable ( compared to 2.x ) by that metric ...
Until now , only Skip has > reported a slowdown on his PPC machine , while x86 systems have all seen > a positive ( if tiny , sometimes ) improvement . > >
I fear that with a configure option , disabled by default , the code will > get very poor testing and perhaps get broken in some subtle way without > anyone noticing .
Like Skip said : the buildbots could take care of identifying such problems .
People using the option would certainly report problems as well and I 'm sure that Linux distributions would compile Python with the switch after verifying that their GCC version works correctly .
msg78871 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-02 20:26
OK , I think I 'm misreading the output of pybench .
Let me reset .
Ignore anything I 've written previously on this topic .
Instead , I will just post the output of my pybench comparison runs and let more expert people interpret as appropriate .
The first file is the result of the run on PowerPC ( Mac G5 ) .
msg78872 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-02 20:27
The next is the result of running on my MacBook Pro ( Intel Core 2 Duo ) .
msg78898 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-02 22:57
> OK , I think I 'm misreading the output of pybench .
Let me reset .
Ignore > anything I 've written previously on this topic .
Instead , I will just > post the output of my pybench comparison runs and let more expert people > interpret as appropriate .
The first file is the result of the run on > PowerPC ( Mac G5 ) .
Ok , so the threaded version is actually faster by 20 % on your PPC , and slower by 5 % on your Core 2 Duo .
Thanks for doing the measurements !
msg78899 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-02 23:03
Antoine >
Ok , so the threaded version is actually faster by 20 % on your Antoine > PPC , and slower by 5 % on your Core 2 Duo .
Thanks for doing the Antoine > measurements !
Confirmed by pystone runs as well .
Sorry for the earlier misdirection .
Skip
msg78910 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2009-01-03 00:45
The patch make a huge difference on 64 - bit Linux .
I get a 20 % speed - up and the lowest run time so far .
That is quite impressive !
At first glance , it seems the extra registers of the x86 - 64 architecture permit GCC to avoid spilling registers onto the stack ( see assembly just below ) .
However , I do n't know why the speed up due to the patch is much more significant on x86 - 64 than on x86 .
This is the x86 assembly generated by GCC 4.3 ( annotated and slightly edited for readability ) : movl - 440 ( %ebp ) , %eax # tmp = next_instr movl $ 145 , %esi # opcode = LIST_APPEND movl 8 ( %ebp ) , %ecx # f subl - 408 ( %ebp ) , %eax # tmp -= first_instr movl %eax , 60 ( %ecx ) # f-> f_lasti = tmp movl - 440 ( %ebp ) , %ebx # next_instr movzbl ( %ebx ) , %eax # tmp = * next_instr addl $ 1 , % ebx # next_instr + + movl %ebx , - 440 ( %ebp ) # next_instr movl opcode_targets ( , %eax , 4 ) , %eax # tmp = opcode_targets [ tmp ] jmp * %eax # goto * tmp
And this is the x86 - 64 assembly generated also by GCC 4.3 : movl % r15d , %eax # tmp = next_instr subl 76 ( %rsp ) , %eax # tmp -= first_instr movl $ 145 , %ebp # opcode = LIST_APPEND movl %eax , 120 ( %r14 ) # f-> f_lasti = tmp movzbl ( %r15 ) , %eax # tmp = * next_instr addq $ 1 , %r15 # next_instr ++ movq opcode_targets ( , %rax , 8 ) , %rax # tmp = opcode_targets [ tmp ] jmp * %rax # goto * tmp
The above assemblies are equivalent to the following C code : opcode = LIST_APPEND ; f->f_lasti = ( ( int ) ( next_instr - first_instr ) ) ; goto * opcode_targets [*next_instr ++ ] ;
On the register - starved x86 architecture , the assembly has 4 stack load and 1 store operations .
While on the x86 - 64 architecture , most variables are kept in registers thus it only uses 1 stack store operation .
And from what I saw from the assemblies , the extra registers with the traditional switch dispatch are n't much used , especially with the opcode prediction macros which avoid manipulations of f-> f_lasti .
That said , I am glad to hear the patch makes Python on PowerPC faster , because this supports the hypothesis that extra registers are better used with indirect threading ( PowerPC has 32 general - purpose registers ) .
msg78911 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2009-01-03 00:48
One more thing , the patch causes the following warnings to be emited by GCC when USE_COMPUTED_GOTOS is undefined .
Python / ceval.c :
In function ‘ PyEval_EvalFrameEx ’ : Python / ceval.c:2420 : warning : label ‘ _make_function ’ defined but not used Python / ceval.c:2374 : warning : label ‘ _call_function_var_kw ’ defined but not used Python / ceval .c:2280 : warning : label ‘ _setup_finally ’ defined but not used
msg78915 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-03 00:58
Alexandre 's last comment reminded me I forgot to post the PPC assembler code .
Next two files are the output as requested by Antoine .
msg78921 - ( view ) Author : Christian Heimes ( christian.heimes ) * Date : 2009-01-03 01:37
> Alexandre Vassalotti < alexandre@peadrop.com > added the comment : >
The patch make a huge difference on 64 - bit Linux .
I get a 20 % speed - up > and the lowest run time so far .
That is quite impressive !
I 'm really , REALLY impressed by the speed up .
Good work !
I 'm not an expert in this kind of optimizations .
Could we gain more speed by making the dispatcher table more dense ?
Python has less than 128 opcodes ( len(opcode.opmap ) == 113 ) so they can be squeezed in a smaller table .
I naively assume a smaller table increases the amount of cache hits .
Christian
msg78923 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-03 01:51
About miscompilations : the current patch is a bit weird for GCC , because you keep both the switch and the computed goto .
But actually , there is no case in which the switch is needed , and computed goto give less room to GCC 's choices .
So , can you try dropping the switch altogether , using always computed goto and seeing how does the resulting code get compiled ?
I see you 'll need two labels ( before and after argument fetch ) per opcode and two dispatch tabels , but that 's no big deal ( except for code alignment - align just the common branch target ) .
An important warning is that by default , on my system , GCC 4.2 aligns branch targets for switch to a 16 - byte boundary ( as recommended by the Intel optimization guide ) , by adding a " .p2align 4, ,7 " GAS directive , and it does not do that for computed goto .
Adding the directive by hand gave a small speedup , 2 % I think ; I should try - falign - jumps =16 if it's not enabled ( some - falign - jumps is enabled by - O2 ) , since that is supposed to give the same result .
Please use that yourself as well , and verify it works for labels , even if I fear it does n't .
>
However , I do n't know why the speed up due to the patch is much more significant on x86 - 64 than on x86 .
It 's Amdahl 's law , even if this is not about parallel code .
When the rest is faster ( x86_64 ) , the same speedup on dispatch gives a bigger overall speedup .
To be absolutely clear : x86_64 has more registers , so the rest of the interpreter is faster than x86 , but dispatch still takes the same absolute time , which is 70 % on x86_64 , but only 50 % on x86 ( those are realistic figures ) ; if this patch halved dispatch time on both ( we 're not so lucky ) , we would save 35 % on x86_64 but only 25 % on x86 .
In fact , on inefficient interpreters , indirect threading is useless altogether .
So , do those extra register help _so_ much ?
Yes .
In my toy interpreter , computing last_i for each dispatch does n't give any big slowdown , but storing it in f -> last_i gives a ~ 20 % slowdown - I cross-checked multiple times because I was astonished .
Conversely , when the program counter had to be stored in memory , I think it was like 2 x slower .
msg78925 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-03 02:20
> I 'm not an expert in this kind of optimizations .
Could we gain more speed by making the dispatcher table more dense ?
Python has less than 128 opcodes ( len(opcode.opmap ) == 113 ) so they can be squeezed in a smaller table .
I naively assume a smaller table increases the amount of cache hits .
Well , you have no binary compatibility constraint with a new release , so it can be tried and benchmarked , or it can be done anyway !
On x86_64 the impact of the jump table is 8 bytes per pointer * 256 pointers = 2KiB , and the L1 data cache of Pentium4 can be 8 KiB or 16 KiB wide .
But I do n't expect this to be noticeable in most synthetic microbenchmarks .
Matrix multiplication would be the perfect one I guess ; the repeated column access would kill the L1 data cache , if the whole matrixes do n't fit .
msg78956 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-03 13:22
> I 'm not an expert in this kind of optimizations .
Could we gain more > speed by making the dispatcher table more dense ?
Python has less than > 128 opcodes ( len(opcode.opmap ) == 113 ) so they can be squeezed in a > smaller table .
I naively assume a smaller table increases the amount of > cache hits .
I do n't think so .
The end of the current table , which does n't correspond to any valid opcodes , will not be cached anyway .
The upper limit to be considered is the maximum value for a valid opcode , which is 147 .
Reducing that to 113 may reduce cache pressure , but only by a tiny bit .
Of course , only experimentation could tell us for sure :)
msg79032 - ( view ) Author : Daniel Diniz ( ajaksu2 ) Date : 2009-01-04 02:00
IIUC , this is what gcc 4.2.4 generates on a Celeron M for the code Alexandre posted : movl - 272 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl 8 ( %ebp ) , %edx subl - 228 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , 60 ( %edx ) movl - 272 ( %ebp ) , %ecx movzbl ( %ecx ) , %eax - addl $ 1 , %ecx movl %ecx , - 272 ( %ebp ) movl opcode_targets .9311 ( , %eax , 4 ) , %ecx movl %eax , %ebx - jmp * %ecx
And this is what ICC 11.0 generates for ( what I think is ) the same bit : movl 360 ( %esp ) , %ecx movl %esi , %edi subl 304 ( %esp ) , %edi movl %edi , 60 ( %ecx ) movzbl ( %esi ) , %ecx - movl opcode_targets.2239.0.34 ( , %ecx, 4 ) , %eax incl %esi - jmp ..B12.137 # Prob 100 % # ..B12.137 : jmp * %eax
Does this mean that icc handles register starvation better here ?
FWIW , on this CPU , compiling with icc gives a 20 % speed boost in pybench regardless of this patch .
msg79033 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-04 02:28
1st note : is that code from the threaded version ?
Note that you need to modify the source to make it accept also ICC to try that .
In case you already did that , I guess the patch is not useful at all with ICC since , as far as I can see , the jump is shared .
It is vital to this patch that the jump is not shared , something similar to - fno- crossjumping should be found .
2nd note : the answer to your questions seems yes , ICC has less register spills .
Look for instance at : movl - 272 ( %ebp ) , %ecx movzbl ( %ecx ) , %eax addl $ 1 , %ecx and movzbl ( %esi ) , %ecx incl %esi This represents the increment of the program counter after loading the next opcode .
In the code you posted , one can see that the program counter is spilled to memory by GCC , but is n't by ICC .
Either the spill is elsewhere , or ICC is better here .
And it 's widely known that ICC has a much better optimizer in many cases , and I remember that GCC register allocator really needs improvement .
Finally , I 'm a bit surprised by " addl $ 1 , %ecx " , since any peephole optimizer should remove that ; I 'm not shocked just because I 've never seen perfect GCC output .
msg79034 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-04 02:29
Daniel , I forgot to ask for the compilation command line you used , since they make a lot of difference .
Can you post them ?
Thanks
msg79035 - ( view ) Author : Daniel Diniz ( ajaksu2 ) Date : 2009-01-04 03:07
Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso wrote : > > 1st note : is that code from the threaded version ? [...]
It is vital to > this patch that the jump is not shared , something similar to > - fno-crossjumping should be found .
Yes , threaded version by unconditionally defining USE_THREADED_CODE ( old patch version :) .
Ok , I 'll try to find a way to get at - fno - crossjumping behavior .
BTW , man gcc suggests using - fno - gcse for programs that use computed gotos ( could n't fin [... ] >
In the code you posted , one can see that the program > counter is spilled to memory by GCC , but is n't by ICC .
Either the spill > is elsewhere , or ICC is better here .
I can [ mail you |attach here ] icc 's output if you want to check the overall code , it 's about 1.9 M with the code annotations .
>
Finally , I 'm a bit surprised by " addl $ 1 , %ecx " , since any peephole > optimizer should remove that ; I 'm not shocked just because I 've never > seen perfect GCC output .
I 'm glad to see the same issue in Alexandre 's output , not my fault then :D
The command line I used ( after a clean build with gcc ) was : icc - pthread -c - fno-strict - aliasing - DNDEBUG -g - fwrapv - O3 -w - I. - IInclude - I./ Include -DPy_BUILD_CORE
-S -fcode-asm - fsource - asm - dA Python / ceval .c ( same as with gcc , except for warnings and - fcode - asm - fsource - asm ) .
msg79037 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2009-01-04 04:51
Paolo wrote : >
So , can you try dropping the switch altogether , using always computed > goto and seeing how does the resulting code get compiled ?
Removing the switch wo n't be possible unless we change the semantic EXTENDED_ARG .
In addition , I doubt the improvement , if any , would worth the increased complexity . >
To be absolutely clear : x86_64 has more registers , so the rest of the > interpreter is faster than x86 , but dispatch still takes the same > absolute time , which is 70 % on x86_64 , but only 50 % on x86 ( those are > realistic figures ) ; I do n't understand what you mean by " absolute time " here .
Do you actually mean the time spent interpreting bytecodes compared to the time spent in the other parts of Python ?
If so , your figures are wrong for CPython on x86 - 64 .
It is about 50 % just like on x86 ( when running pybench ) .
With the patch , this drops to 35 % on x86 - 64 and to 45 % on x86 . >
In my toy interpreter , computing last_i for each dispatch does n't give > any big slowdown , but storing it in f -> last_i gives a ~ 20 % slowdown .
I patched ceval .c to minimize f-> last_i manipulations in the dispatch code .
On x86 , I got an extra 9 % speed up on pybench .
However , the patch is a bit clumsy and a few unit tests are failing .
I will see if I can improve it and open a new issue if worthwhile .
msg79051 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-04 13:14
I 'm sure this is the wrong place to bring this up , but I had a thought about simple JIT compilation coupled with the opcode dispatch changes in this issue .
Consider this silly function : >>> def f( a , b ) : ... result = 0 ... while b : ... result += a ... b -= 1 ... return result ... which compiles to 2 0 LOAD_CONST 1 ( 0 ) 3 STORE_FAST 2 ( result ) 3 6 SETUP_LOOP 32 ( to 41 ) >> 9 LOAD_FAST 1 ( b ) 12 JUMP_IF_FALSE 24 ( to 39 ) 15 POP_TOP 4 16 LOAD_FAST 2 ( result ) 19 LOAD_FAST 0 ( a ) 22 INPLACE_ADD 23 STORE_FAST 2 ( result ) 5 26 LOAD_FAST 1 ( b ) 29 LOAD_CONST 2 ( 1 ) 32 INPLACE_SUBTRACT
33 STORE_FAST 1 ( b ) 36 JUMP_ABSOLUTE 9 >> 39 POP_TOP 40 POP_BLOCK 6 >> 41 LOAD_FAST 2 ( result ) 44 RETURN_VALUE
What if you built and compiled a " Mini Me " version of PyEval_EvalFrameEx on - the - fly which only contained the prologue and epilog of the real function and a small switch statement which only knew about the the byte - code instructions used by f( ) ?
Would the compiler be better able to optimize the code ?
Would the instructions ' placement nearer to each other provide better cache behavior ?
Would branch prediction by CPU be improved ?
Another possibility would be to eliminate the for ( ; ; ) ... switch altogether and just inline the code for the individual instructions .
It would help if the body of each bytecode instruction was implemented as a macro , e.g. : # define _POP_TOP ( ) \ PREDICTED( POP_TOP ) ; \ TARGET ( POP_TOP ) \ v = POP ( ) ; \ Py_DECREF(v ) ; \ FAST_DISPATCH ( ) ;
The above function could ( lots of hand - waving here ) be " compiled " to something like PyObject * _ MiniMe( PyFrameObject * f , int throwflag ) { _PyEVAL_FRAMEEX_PROLOG
_LOAD_CONST(1 ) _STORE_FAST(2 ) _SETUP_LOOP ( _41 ) _9 : _LOAD_FAST(1 ) _JUMP_IF_FALSE ( _39 ) _POP_TOP ( ) _LOAD_FAST(2 ) _LOAD_FAST(0 ) _INPLACE_ADD ( ) _STORE_FAST(2 ) _ 26 : _LOAD_FAST(1 ) _LOAD_CONST(2 ) _INPLACE_SUBTRACT ( ) _STORE_FAST(1 ) _JUMP_ABSOLUTE ( _9 ) _39 : _POP_TOP ( ) _ POP_BLOCK ( ) _LOAD_FAST(2 ) _RETURN_VALUE ( ) _PyEVAL_FRAMEEX_EPILOG
} and the resulting binary code saved as an attribute of the code object .
Presumably there would be some decision made about whether to compile a function into this form ( maybe only after it 's been called N times ? ) .
msg79053 - ( view ) Author : Ralph Corderoy ( ralph.corderoy ) Date : 2009-01-04 13:21
Regarding compressing the opcode table to make better use of cache ; what if the most frequently occurring opcodes where placed together , e.g. the opcodes were ordered by frequency , most frequent first .
Just based on a one - off static analysis of a body of code .
A level one cache line can be , what , 64 bytes == 16 32 - bit pointers .
msg79056 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-04 13:40
@ Alexandre : > >
So , can you try dropping the switch altogether , using always computed > > goto and seeing how does the resulting code get compiled ? >
Removing the switch wo n't be possible unless we change the semantic > EXTENDED_ARG .
In addition , I doubt the improvement , if any , would worth > the increased complexity .
OK , it 's time that I post code to experiment with that - there is no need to break EXTENDED_ARG .
And the point is to fight miscompilations . >
Do you actually mean the time spent interpreting bytecodes compared to the time spent in the other parts of Python ?
If so , your figures are wrong for CPython on x86 - 64 .
It is about 50 % just like on x86 ( when running pybench ) .
With the patch , this drops to 35 % on x86 - 64 and to 45 % on x86 .
More or less , I mean that , but I was making an example , and I made up reasonable figures .
70 % , or even more , just for _dispatch_ ( i.e. just for the mispredicted indirect jump ) , is valid for real - world Smalltalk interpreters for instance , or for the ones in " The Structure and Performance of Efficient Interpreters " .
But , when you say " intepreting opcodes " , I do not know which part you refer to , if just the computed goto or for the whole code in the interpreter function .
msg79058 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-04 14:38
@ Skip : if one decides to generate binary code , there is no need to use switches .
Inline threading ( also known as " code copying " in some research papers ) is what you are probably looking for : http://blog.mozilla.com/dmandelin/2008/08/27/inline-threading-tracemonkey-etc/
For references and background on threading techniques mentioned there , see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threaded_code
http://www.complang.tuwien.ac.at/forth/threaded-code.html
msg79077 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2009-01-04 18:52
> Removing the switch wo n't be possible unless we change the semantic > EXTENDED_ARG .
In addition , I doubt the improvement , if any , would worth > the increased complexity .
Nevermind what I have said .
I managed to remove switch pretty easily by moving opcode fetching in the FAST_DISPATCH macro and abstracting the control flow of the switch .
There is no speed difference on pybench on x86 ; on x86 - 64 , the code is slower due to the opcode fetching change . >
I patched ceval .c to minimize f-> last_i manipulations in the dispatch > code .
On x86 , I got an extra 9 % speed up on pybench .
However , the > patch is a bit clumsy and a few unit tests are failing .
I will see > if I can improve it and open a new issue if worthwhile .
Nevermind that too .
I found out f-> last_i can be accessed anytime via frame.getlineno( ) .
So , you cannot really change how f-> last_i is used like I did .
msg79080 - ( view ) Author : Alexandre Vassalotti ( alexandre.vassalotti ) * Date : 2009-01-04 19:29
> I managed to remove switch pretty easily by moving opcode fetching > in the FAST_DISPATCH macro and abstracting the control flow of the > switch .
Here is the diff against threadceval5.patch .
msg79105 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-05 02:39
@alexandre : if you add two labels per opcode and two dispatch tables , one before ( like now ) and one after the parameter fetch ( where we have the ' case ' ) , you can keep the same speed .
And under the hood we also had two dispatch tables before , with the switch , so it 's not a big deal ; finally , the second table is only used in the slow path ( i.e. EXTENDED_ARG , or when additional checks are needed ) .
About f-> last_i , when I have time I want to try optimizing it .
Somewhere you can be sure it 's not going to be used .
But you have some changes about that in the abstract - switch patch , I think that was not intended ?
msg79123 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-05 10:37
Le lundi 05 janvier 2009 à 02:39 +0000 , Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso a écrit : >
About f-> last_i , when I have time I want to try optimizing it .
Somewhere > you can be sure it 's not going to be used .
There are lots of places which can call into arbitrary Python code .
A few opcodes could be optimized for sure .
msg79264 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-06 14:30
FWIW , I have made a quick attempt at removing the f-> f_lasti assignment in the few places where it could be removed , but it did n't make a difference on my machine .
The problem being that there are very few places where it is legitimate to remove the assignment ( even a call to Py_DECREF can invoke arbitrary external code through destructors , so even a very simple opcode such as POP_TOP needs the f-> f_lasti assignment ) .
Another approach would be to create agregate opcodes , e.g. BINARY_ADD_FAST would combine LOAD_FAST and BINARY_ADD .
That 's orthogonal to the current issue though .
msg79302 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-07 07:35
@pitrou : < ranting mode >
Argh , reference counting hinders even that ?
</ ranting mode >
I just discovered another problem caused by refcounting .
Various techniques allow to create binary code from the interpreter binary , by just pasting together the code for the common interpreters cases and producing calls to the other .
But , guess what , on most platforms ( except plain x86 , but including x86_64 and maybe x86 for the shared library case ) this does not work if the copied code includes function calls ( on x86_64 that 's due to RIP - relative addressing , and on similar issues on other platforms ) .
So , Python could not even benefit from that !
That 's a real pity ...
I 'll have to try with subroutine threading , to see if that 's faster than indirect threading on current platforms or if it is still slower .
msg79321 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-07 11:09
I finally implemented my suggestion for the switch elimination .
On top of threadedceval5.patch , apply abstract - switch - reduced .diff and then restore - old - oparg - load. diff to test it .
This way , only computed goto's are used .
I would like who had miscompilation problems , or did n't get advantage from the patch , to try compiling and benchmarking this version .
I 've also been able to reenable static prediction ( PREDICT _* ) on top of computed gotos , and that may help CPU prediction even more ( the BTB for the computed goto will be used to predict the 2nd most frequent target ) ; obviously it may instead cause a slowdown , I 'd need stats on opcode frequency to try guessing in advance ( I 'll try gathering them later through DYNAMIC_EXECUTION_PROFILE ) .
Apply reenable - static - prediction .diff on top of the rest to get this .
I 'll have to finish other stuff before closing everything to run pybench , I can't get stable timings otherwise , so it 'll take some time ( too busy , sorry ) .
However I ran the check for regressions and they show none .
==== abstract - switch-reduced.diff is the fixed abstract - switch.diff - actually there was just one hunk which changed the handling of f_lasti , and that looked extraneous .
See the end of the message .
--- a/Python/ceval.c
Thu Jan 01 23:54:01 2009 +0100 +++ b/ Python/ceval.c Sun Jan 04 14:21:16 2009 -0500 @@ - 1063,12 +1072,12 @@ } fast_next_opcode : - f->f_lasti = INSTR_OFFSET ( ) ; /* line - by - line tracing support */ if ( _Py_TracingPossible && tstate->c_tracefunc != NULL && !tstate -> tracing ) { + f->f_lasti = INSTR_OFFSET ( ) ; /* see maybe_call_line_trace for expository comments */ f-> f_stacktop = stack_pointer ;
msg79335 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-07 15:09
Paolo >
Various techniques allow to create binary code from the Paolo > interpreter binary , by just pasting together the code for the Paolo > common interpreters cases and producing calls to the other .
But , Paolo > guess what , on most platforms ( except plain x86 , but including Paolo > x86_64 and maybe x86 for the shared library case ) this does not Paolo > work if the copied code includes function calls ( on x86_64 that 's Paolo > due to RIP - relative addressing , and on similar issues on other Paolo > platforms ) .
I do n't understand .
I know little or nothing about the details of various instruction set architectures or linkage methods .
Can you break it down into a simple example ?
Skip
msg79365 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-07 19:26
@skip :
In simple words , the x86 call : call 0x2000 placed at address 0x1000 becomes : call %rip + 0x1000 RIP holds the instruction pointer , which will be 0x1000 in this case ( actually , I 'm ignoring the detail that when executing the call , RIP points to the first byte of the next instruction ) .
If I execute the same instruction from a different location ( i.e. different RIP ) , things will break .
So , only code for opcodes without real calls , nor access to globals can be copied like this ( inlines are OK ) .
With refcounting , not even POP_TOP is safe since it can call destructors .
DUP_TOP is still safe , I guess .
msg79505 - ( view ) Author : Daniel Diniz ( ajaksu2 ) Date : 2009-01-09 21:02
Paolo , Applying your patches makes no difference with gcc 4.2 and gives a barely noticeable ( ~2 % ) slowdown with icc .
These results are from a Celeron M 410 ( Core Solo Yonah - based ) , so it 's a rather old platform to run benchmarks on .
msg79530 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-10 04:52
@ ajaksu2 >
Applying your patches makes no difference with gcc 4.2 and gives a > barely noticeable ( ~2 % ) slowdown with icc .
" Your patches " is something quite unclear :-)
Which are the patch sets you are comparing ?
And on 32 or 64 bits ?
But does Yonah supports 64 bits ?
IIRC no , but I 'm not sure .
I would be surprised from slowdowns for restore - old - oparg - load.diff , really surprised .
And I would be just surprised by slowdowns on reenable - static - prediction .
diff .
Also , about ICC output , we still need to ensure that it 's properly compiled ( see above the instructions for counting " jmp * " or similar ) .
In the measurements above , ICC did miscompile the patch with the switch .
By " properly compiled " I mean that separate indirect branches are generated , instead of just one .
>
These results are from a > Celeron M 410 ( Core Solo Yonah - based ) , so it 's a rather old platform to > run benchmarks on .
Not really - at the very least we should listen to results on Pentium 4 , Core ( i.e. Yonah ) and Core 2 , and I would also add Pentium3 / Pentium M to represent the P6 family .
Anyway , I have to do my benchmarks on this , I hope this weekend I 'll have time .
msg79532 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-10 08:52
The standing question is still : can we get ICC to produce the expected output ?
It looks like we still did n't manage , and since ICC is the best compiler out there , this matters .
Some problems with SunCC , even if it does n't do jump sharing , it seems that one does n't get the speedups - I guess that on most platforms we should select the most common alternative for interpreters ( i.e. no switch , one jump table , given by threadedceval5.patch + abstract - switch-reduced.diff ) .
On core platforms we can spend time on fine - tuning - and the definition of " core platforms " is given by " do developers want to test for that ? " .
When that 's fixed , I think that we just have to choose the simpler form and merge that .
@alexandre : [ about removing the switch ] >
There is no speed difference on pybench on x86 ; on x86 - 64 , the code is slower due to the opcode fetching change .
Actually , on my machine it looks like the difference is caused by the different layout caused by switch removal , or something like that , because fixing the opcode fetching does n't make a difference here ( see below ) .
Indeed , I did my benchmarking duties .
Results are that abstract - switch - reduced .diff ( the one removing the switch ) gives a 1 - 3 % slowdown , and that all the others do n't make a significant difference .
The differences in the assembly output seem to be due to a different code layout for some branches , I did n't have a closer look .
However , experimenting with - falign - labels =16 can give a small speedup , I 'm trying to improve the results ( what I actually want is to align just the opcode handlers , I 'll probably do that by hand ) .
reenable - static - prediction can give either a slowdown or a speedup by around 1 % , i.e. around the statistical noise .
Note that on my machine , I get only a 10 % speedup with the base patch , and that is more reasonable here .
In the original thread on PyPy - dev , I got a 20 % one with the Python interpreter I built for my student project , since that one is faster * ( by a 2 - 3 x factor , like PyVM ) , so the dispatch cost is more significant , and reducing it has a bigger impact .
In fact , I could n't believe that Python got the same speedup .
This is a Core 2 Duo T7200 ( Merom ) in 64bit mode with 4MB of L2 cache , and since it 's a laptop I expect it to have slower RAM than a desktop .
@alexandre : >
The patch make a huge difference on 64 - bit Linux .
I get a 20 % speed - up and the lowest run time so far .
That is quite impressive !
Which processor is that ?
@pitrou : >
The machine I got the 15 % speedup on is in 64 - bit mode with gcc 4.3.2 .
Which is the processor ?
I guess the bigger speedups should be on Pentium4 , since it has the bigger mispredict penalties .
==== * DISCLAIMER : the interpreter of our group ( me and Sigurd Meldgaard ) is not complete , has some bugs , and the source code has not yet been published , so discussion about why it is faster shall not happen here - I want to avoid any flame .
I believe it 's not because of skipped runtime checks or such stuff , but because we used garbage collection instead of refcounting , indirect threading and tagged integers , but I do n't have time to discuss that yet .
The original thread on pypy - dev has some insights if you are interested on this .
msg79536 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-10 09:44
> @pitrou : > >
The machine I got the 15 % speedup on is in 64 - bit mode with gcc > 4.3.2 . > >
Which is the processor ?
I guess the bigger speedups should be on > Pentium4 , since it has the bigger mispredict penalties .
Athlon X2 3600 +.
msg79537 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-10 09:54
> It looks like we still did n't manage , and since ICC is the best > compiler out there , this matters .
Well , from the perspective of Python , what matters mostly is the commonly used compilers ( that is , gcc and MSVC ) .
I doubt many people compile Python with icc , honestly .
Same for CPU - specific tuning : I do n't think we want to ship Python with compiler flags which depend on the particular CPU being used .
On 2009-01- 10 10:55 , Antoine Pitrou wrote : > Antoine Pitrou < pitrou@free.fr > added the comment : > >>
It looks like we still did n't manage , and since ICC is the best >> compiler out there , this matters .
> >
Well , from the perspective of Python , what matters mostly is the > commonly used compilers ( that is , gcc and MSVC ) .
I doubt many people > compile Python with icc , honestly .
Agreed .
Our main targets should be GCC for Linux and MSVC for Windows .
On other platforms such as Solaris and AIX , the native vendor compilers are commonly used for compiling Python .
That said , with a configure option to turn the optimization on and off , there should n't be any problem with slowdowns .
>
Same for CPU - specific tuning : I do n't think we want to ship Python with > compiler flags which depend on the particular CPU being used .
Certainly not in the binaries we release on python.org .
Of course , people are still free to setup OPT to have the compiler generate CPU specific code .
msg79541 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-10 12:08
> Same for CPU - specific tuning : I do n't think we want to ship Python with compiler flags which depend on the particular CPU being used .
I was n't suggesting this - but since different CPUs have different optimization rules , something like " oh , 20 % performance slowdown on PowerPC " or " on P4 " is important to know ( and yeah , configure options are a good solution ) .
Which is the barrier for platform - specific tricks , as long as the code is still portable ?
I 'd like to experiment with __builtin_expect and with manual alignment ( through ' asm volatile ( " .
p2align 4 " ) ' on x86/x86_64 with GAS - PPC might need a different alignment probably ) .
All hidden through macros to make it disappear on unsupported platforms , without any configure option for them ( there should n't be the need for that ) . >
I doubt many people compile Python with icc , honestly .
Yep :-(. < rant > Why do n't distributors do it ?</ rant >
( First culprit might be license / compatibility problems I guess , but the speedup would be worth the time to fix the troubles IMHO ) .
msg79545 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-10 15:03
> ( First culprit might > be license / compatibility problems I guess , but the speedup would be > worth the time to fix the troubles IMHO ) .
That would be the obvious reason IMO .
And Intel is the only one who can " fix the troubles " .
msg79605 - ( view ) Author : Jeffrey Yasskin ( jyasskin ) * Date : 2009-01-11 17:37
Here 's a port of threadedceval5. patch to trunk .
It passes the tests .
I have n't benchmarked this exact patch , but on one Intel Core2 , a similar patch got an 11 % - 14 % speedup ( on 2to3 and pybench ) .
I 've also cleaned up Jakob Sievers ' vmgen patch ( representing forth - style dispatch ) a bit so that it passes all the tests , and on the same machine it got a 13 % - 17 % speedup .
The vmgen patch is not quite at feature parity ( it throws out support for LLTRACE and a couple other # defines ) , and there are fairly good arguments against committing it to python at all ( it requires installing and modifying vmgen to build ) , but I 'll post it after I 've ported it to trunk .
Re skip and paolo : JITting and machine - specific assembly will probably be important to speeding up Python in the long run , but they 'll also take a long while to get right , so we should n't let them distract us from committing the dispatch optimization .
msg79627 - ( view ) Author : Gregory P. Smith ( gregory.p.smith ) * Date : 2009-01-11 20:46
Benchmarking pitrou_dispatch_2.7.patch applied to trunk r68522 on a 32 - bit Efficeon ( x86 ) using gcc 4.2.4 - 1ubuntu3 yields a 10 % pybench speedup .
msg79688 - ( view ) Author : Jeffrey Yasskin ( jyasskin ) * Date : 2009-01-12 17:58
Here 's the vmgen - based patch for comparison .
Again , it passes all the tests , but is n't complete outside of that and ( unless consensus develops that a couple percent is worth requiring vmgen ) should n't distract from reviewing Antoine 's patch .
I 'll look over threadedceval5. patch in detail next .
msg79695 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-12 19:03
A couple percent maybe is not worth vmgen-ing .
But even if I 'm not a vmgen expert , I read many papers from Ertl about superinstructions and replication , so the expected speedup from vmgen'ing is much bigger .
Is there some more advanced feature we are not using and could use ?
Have the previous static predictions be converted to superinstructions ?
Have other common sequences be treated like that ?
Is there an existing discussion on this ?
msg79699 - ( view ) Author : Jeffrey Yasskin ( jyasskin ) * Date : 2009-01-12 20:19
I 've left some line - by - line comments at http://codereview.appspot.com/11905.
Sorry if there was already a Rietveld thread ; I did n't see one .
msg79720 - ( view ) Author : Jeffrey Yasskin ( jyasskin ) * Date : 2009-01-13 05:56
@ Paolo : I 'm going to be looking into converting more common sequences into superinstructions .
We only have LOAD_CONST+XXX so far .
The others are difficult because vmgen does n't provide easy ways to deal with error handling , but Jakob and I have come up with a couple ideas to get around that .
Replication would be trickier since we want the bytecode generation to be deterministic , but it 's probably doable too .
I 'll post any significant results I get .
msg79722 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-13 06:45
Ok , then vmgen adds almost just direct threading instead of indirect threading .
Since the purpose of superinstructions is to eliminate dispatch overhead , and that 's more important when little actual work is done , what about all ones which unconditionally end with FAST_DISPATCH and are common ?
DUP_TOP , POP_TOP , DUP_TOPX ( 2,3 ) and other stack handling staff which can't fail ?
To have any of them + XXX without error handling problems ?
Removing handling of DUP_TOPX { 4,5} is implied , you should n't check functionality of the compiler during interpretation - indeed , even the idea using a parameter for that is a waste .
Have DUP_TOPX2 and DUP_TOPX3 , like JVM , is just simpler .
>
Replication would be trickier since we want the bytecode generation to be deterministic , but it 's probably doable too .
Bytecode conversion during I/ O is perfectly fine , to convert from the actual bytecode to one of the chosen replicas .
Conversion in a rescan pass can be also OK ( less cache friendly though , so if it 's easy to avoid , please do ) .
msg79734 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-13 11:37
As for superinstructions , you can find an example here : # 4715 .
msg79835 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-14 06:31
# 4715 is interesting , but is not really about superinstructions .
Superinstructions are not created because they make sense ; any common sequence of opcodes can become a superinstruction , just for the point of saving dispatches .
And the creation can even be dynamic !
However , when I 'll have substantial time for coding , I 'd like to spend it experimenting with subroutine threading .
vmgen author despises it , but nowadays it probably became even faster , as discussed by the article " Context threading : A flexible and efficient dispatch technique for virtual machine interpreters " .
msg79980 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-16 21:58
Here is an updated patch with a dedicated configure option ( - - with - computed - gotos , disabled by default ) , rather than a compiler detection switch .
( sorry , the patch is very long because it seems running autoconf changes a lot of things in the configure script )
msg79984 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-01-16 23:02
Antoine > ( sorry , the patch is very long because it seems running Antoine > autoconf changes a lot of things in the configure script )
Normal practice is to not include the configure script in such patches and indicate to people that they will need to run autoconf .
Skip
msg79985 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-16 23:08
Thanks Skip , it makes sense ... so here is a patch without the configure script .
( I wonder however if those huge configure changes , when checked into the SVN , could break something silently somewhere )
msg80324 - ( view ) Author : Stefan Ring ( Ringding ) Date : 2009-01-21 14:02
Hi , I ported threadedceval6. patch to Python 2.5.4 , in case anyone is interested ...
Note that you need to run autoconf and autoheader .
msg80489 - ( view ) Author : Jeffrey Yasskin ( jyasskin ) * Date : 2009-01-25 00:15
In the comment , you might mention both - fno- crossjumping and - fno - gcse .
- fno-crossjumping 's description looks like it ought to prevent combining computed gotos , but http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc-4.3.3/gcc/Optimize-Options.html says - fno - gcse actually does it , and in my brief tests , the manual is actually correct ( compiling with just - fno - crossjumping combined gotos anyway ) .
Otherwise , threadedceval6.patch looks good to submit to me .
msg80515 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-25 16:42
Committed in py3 k in r68924 .
I wo n't backport it to trunk myself but it should be easy enough , provided people are interested .
msg80571 - ( view ) Author : Paolo ' Blaisorblade ' Giarrusso ( blaisorblade ) Date : 2009-01-26 15:28
- fno -gcse is controversial .
Even if it might avoid jumps sharing , the impact of that option has to be measured , since common subexpression elimination allows omitting some recalculations , so disabling global CSE might have a negative impact on other code .
It would be maybe better to disable GCSE only for the interpreter loop , but that would make some intra-file inlining impossible .
msg80669 - ( view ) Author : Gregory P. Smith ( gregory.p.smith ) * Date : 2009-01-27 21:40
I 'll take on the two remaining tasks for this : * add configure magic to detect when the compiler supports this so that it can default to -- with - computed - gotos on modern systems .
* commit the back port to 2.7 trunk .
msg80717 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-28 16:42
For the record , I 've compiled py3 k on an embarassingly fast Core2 - based server ( Xeon E5410 ) , and the computed gotos option gives a 16 % speedup on pybench and pystone .
( with gcc 4.3.2 in 64 - bit mode )
msg80828 - ( view ) Author : Kevin Watters ( kevinwatters ) Date : 2009-01-30 17:00
Does anyone know the equivalent ICC command line option for GCC 's - fno- gcse ?
( Or if it has one ? )
I can't find a related option in the docs .
It looks like ICC hits the same combining goto problem , as was mentioned : without changing any options , I applied pitrou_dispatch_2.7. patch to release - 26 maint and pybench reported literally no difference , +0.0 % .
Even if stock Python is built with MSVC , devs like myself who ship Python would like to see the benefit .
msg80832 - ( view ) Author : Mark Dickinson ( mark.dickinson ) * Date : 2009-01-30 19:04
The x86 gentoo buildbot is failing to compile , with error : / Python/makeopcodetargets.py ./Python/opcode_targets.h
File " ./Python/makeopcodetargets.py " , line 28 f.write ( " ,
" . join ( " \t&& %s " % s for s in targets ) ) ^ SyntaxError : invalid syntax make : *** [ Python/opcode_targets.h ]
Error 1
I suspect that it's because the system Python on this buildbot is Python 2.3 , which does n't understand generator expressions .
Are there any objections to me adding a couple of square brackets to this line to turn the argument of join into a list comprehension ?
msg80833 - ( view ) Author : Mark Dickinson ( mark.dickinson ) * Date : 2009-01-30 19:21
One other thought : it seems that as a result of this change , the py3 k build process now depends on having some version of Python already installed ; before this , it did n't .
Is this true , or am I misinterpreting something ?
Might it be worth adding the file Python / opcode_targets.h to the distribution to avoid this problem ?
msg80834 - ( view ) Author : Mark Dickinson ( mark.dickinson ) * Date : 2009-01-30 19:23
Sorry : ignore that last .
Python / opcode_targets.h is already part of the distribution .
I do n't know what I was doing wrong .
msg80838 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-30 21:38
Mark : " " " Are there any objections to me adding a couple of square brackets to this line to turn the argument of join into a list comprehension ? " " "
No problems for me .
You might also add to the top comments of the file that it is 2.3 - compatible .
msg80867 - ( view ) Author : Mark Dickinson ( mark.dickinson ) * Date : 2009-01-31 12:27
Square brackets added in r69133 .
The gentoo x86 3.x buildbot seems to be passing the compile stage now .
( Though not the test stage , of course : one can't have everything ! )
msg80881 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-01-31 17:17
> Square brackets added in r69133 .
The gentoo x86 3.x buildbot seems to be > passing the compile stage now .
( Though not the test stage , of course : > one can't have everything ! )
The test failure also happens on trunk , it may be related to the recent tk changes .
msg80882 - ( view ) Author : Mark Dickinson ( mark.dickinson ) * Date : 2009-01-31 19:36
> The test failure also happens on trunk , it may be related to the recent > tk changes .
Yes ; sorry --- I did n't mean to suggest that the test failures were in any way related to the opcode dispatch stuff .
Apart from the ttk teething difficulties , there 's a weird ' Unknown signal 32 ' error that 's been going on on the gentoo buildbot for many months now .
But that 's a separate issue ( issue # 4970 , to be precise ) .
msg81120 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-02-04 01:05
This has been checked in , right ?
Might I suggest that the TARGET and TARGET_WITH_IMPL macros not include the trailing colon ?
I think that will make it more friendly toward " smart " editors such as Emacs ' C mode .
I definitely get better indentation with TARGET ( NOP ) : than with TARGET ( NOP ) S
msg81166 - ( view ) Author : Gabriel Genellina ( ggenellina ) Date : 2009-02-04 21:42
> Might I suggest that the TARGET and TARGET_WITH_IMPL macros not > include the trailing colon ?
Yes , please !
msg81341 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-02-07 17:43
Skip , removing the colon does n't work if the macro adds code after the colon :)
msg81361 - ( view ) Author : Skip Montanaro ( skip.montanaro ) * Date : 2009-02-08 01:31
Antoine >
Skip , removing the colon does n't work if the macro adds code Antoine > after the colon :)
When I looked I thought both TARGET and TARGET_WITH_IMPL ended with a colon , but I see that 's not the case .
How about removing TARGET_WITH_IMPL and just include the goto explicitly ?
There are only a few instances of the TARGET_WITH_IMPL used .
Skip
msg83959 - ( view ) Author : Andrew I MacIntyre ( aimacintyre ) * Date : 2009-03-22 07:37
Out of interest , the attached patch against the py3 k branch at r70516 cleans up the threaded code changes a little : - gets rid of TARGET_WITH_IMPL macro ; - TARGET ( op ) is followed by a colon , so that it looks like a label ( for editors that make use of that ) .
On my systems ( all older AMD with old versions of gcc ) , this patch has performance slightly better than SVN r70516 , and performance is usually very close to the NO_COMPUTED_GOTOS build .
Is a backport to 2.7 still planned ?
On 2009-03-31 03:19 , A.M. Kuchling wrote : > A.M. Kuchling < lists@amk.ca > added the comment : > >
Is a backport to 2.7 still planned ?
I hope it is .
msg84770 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2009-03-31 12:58
Andrew , your patch disables the optimization that HAS_ARG ( op ) is a constant when op is known by the compiler ( that is , inside a " TARGET_# # op " label ) , so I 'd rather keep the version which is currently in SVN .
msg85838 - ( view ) Author : Andrew I MacIntyre ( aimacintyre ) * Date : 2009-04-10 02:15
Antoine , in my testing the " loss " of the HAS_ARG ( ) optimisation in my patch appears to have negligible cost on i386 , but starts to look significant on amd 64 .
On an Intel E8200 cpu running FreeBSD 7.1 amd64 , with gcc 7.2.1 and the 3.1a2 sources , the computed goto version is ~ 8 % faster ( average time of all rounds ) for pybench ( with warp factor set to 3 rather than the default 10 , to get the round time up over 10s ) than without computed gotos .
With my patch applied , the computed goto version is ~ 5.5 % faster than without computed gotos by the same measure .
On this platform , Pystone rates at ~ 86 k ( no computed gotos ) , ~ 85 k ( computed gotos ) and ~ 82 k ( computed gotos + my patch ) .
For comparison , this machine running Windows XP ( 32 bit ) with the python.org builds rates ~ 92 k pystones for 2.6.1 and ~ 81 k for 3.1 a2 .
Pybench is n't distributed in the MSI installers :-(
msg90688 - ( view ) Author : Michele Dionisio ( mdionisio ) Date : 2009-07-18 19:58
I have patch the code of python3.1 to use computed goto tecnique also with Visual Studio .
The performance result is not good ( I really do n't know why ) .
But it is a good work - araound for use the computed goto also on windows .
The only diffentes is that the opcode_targets vector is filled at run-time .
msg110842 - ( view ) Author : Antoine Pitrou ( pitrou ) * Date : 2010-07-19 23:55
This is too late for 2.x now , closing .
msg244229 - ( view ) Author : Srinivas Vamsi Parasa ( parasa ) * Date : 2015-05-28 00:23
Hi All , This is Vamsi from Server Scripting Languages Optimization team at Intel Corporation .
Would like to submit a request to enable the computed goto based dispatch in Python 2.x ( which happens to be enabled by default in Python 3 given its performance benefits on a wide range of workloads ) .
We talked about this patch with Guido and he encouraged us to submit a request on Python - dev ( email conversation with Guido shown at the bottom of this email ) .
Attached is the computed goto patch ( along with instructions to run ) for Python 2.7.10 ( based on the patch submitted by Jeffrey Yasskin at http://bugs.python.org/issue4753).
We built and tested this patch for Python 2.7.10 on a Linux machine ( Ubuntu 14.04 LTS server , Intel Xeon – Haswell EP CPU with 18 cores , hyper - threading off , turbo off ) .
Below is a summary of the performance we saw on the “ grand unified python benchmarks ” suite ( available at https://hg.python.org/benchmarks/).
We made 3 rigorous runs of the following benchmarks .
In each rigorous run , a benchmark is run 100 times with and without the computed goto patch .
Below we show the average performance boost for the 3 rigorous runs .
-----
Instructions to run the computed goto patch 1 ) Apply the patch and then generate the new configure script ( autoconf configure.ac > configure )
2 ) Enable execute permissions for Python/ makeopcodetargets.py ( sudo chmod +x Python/makeopcodetargets.py )
3 ) To enable computed gotos , do : ./ configure --with-computed-gotos
4 ) Build the new python binary using make && sudo make install ------ Python 2.7.10 ( original ) vs Computed Goto performance Benchmark Delta ( rigorous run # 1 ) % Delta ( rigorous run 2 ) % Delta ( rigorous run # 3 ) % Avg. Delta % iterative_count 24.48 24.36 23.78 24.2 unpack_sequence 19.06 18.47 19.48 19.0 slowspitfire 14.36 13.41 16.65 14.8 threaded_count 15.85 13.43 13.93 14.4 pystone 10.68 11.67 11.08 11.1 nbody 10.25 8.93 9.28 9.5 go 7.96 8.76 7.69 8.1 pybench 6.3 6.8 7.2 6.8 spectral_norm 5.49 9.37 4.62 6.5 float 6.09 6.2 6.96 6.4 richards 6.19 6.41 6.42 6.3 slowunpickle 6.37 8.78 3.55 6.2 json_dump_v2 1.96 12.53 3.57 6.0 call_simple 6.37 5.91 3.92 5.4 chaos 4.57 5.34 3.85 4.6 call_method_slots 2.63 3.27 7.71 4.5 telco 5.18 1.83 6.47 4.5 simple_logging 3.48 1.57 7.4 4.2 call_method 2.61 5.4 3.88 4.0 chameleon 2.03 6.26 3.2 3.8 fannkuch 3.89 3.19 4.39 3.8 silent_logging 4.33 3.07 3.39 3.6 slowpickle 5.72 - 1.12 6.06 3.6 2to3 2.99 3.6 3.45 3.3 etree_iterparse 3.41 2.51 3 3.0 regex_compile 3.44 2.48 2.84 2.9 mako_v2 2.14 1.29 5.22 2.9 meteor_contest 2.01 2.2 3.88 2.7 django 6.68 - 1.23 2.56 2.7 formatted_logging 1.97 5.82 - 0.11 2.6 hexiom2 2.83 2.1 2.55 2.5 django_v2 1.93 2.53 2.92 2.5 etree_generate 2.38 2.13 2.51 2.3 mako - 0.3 9.66 - 3.11 2.1 bzr_startup 0.35 1.97 3 1.8 etree_process 1.84 1.01 1.9 1.6 spambayes 1.76 0.76 0.48 1.0 regex_v8 1.96 - 0.66 1.63 1.0 html5lib 0.83 0.72 0.97 0.8 normal_startup 1.41 0.39 0.24 0.7 startup_nosite 1.2 0.41 0.42 0.7 etree_parse 0.24 0.9 0.79 0.6 json_load 1.38 0.56 - 0.25 0.6 pidigits 0.45 0.33 0.28 0.4 hg_startup 0.32 2.07 - 1.41 0.3 rietveld 0.05 0.91 - 0.43 0.2 tornado_http 2.34 - 0.92 - 1.27 0.1 call_method_unknown 0.72 1.26 - 1.85 0.0 raytrace - 0.35 - 0.75 0.94 - 0.1 regex_effbot 1.97 - 1.18 - 2.57 - 0.6 fastunpickle - 1.65 0.5 - 0.88 - 0.7 nqueens - 2.24 - 1.53 - 0.81 - 1.5 fastpickle - 0.74 1.98 - 6.26 - 1.7
Thanks ,
Vamsi ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From : gvanrossum@gmail.com [ mailto:gvanrossum@gmail.com ]
On Behalf Of Guido van Rossum Sent : Tuesday , May 19 , 2015 1:59 PM
To : Cohn , Robert S Cc : R. David Murray ( r.david.murray@murrayandwalker.com )
Subject : Re : meeting at PyCon Hi Robert and David , I just skimmed that thread .
There were a lot of noises about backporting it to 2.7 but the final message on the topic , by Antoine , claimed it was too late for 2.7 .
However , that was before we had announced the EOL extension of 2.7 till 2020 , and perhaps we were also in denial about 3.x uptake vs. 2.x .
So I think it 's definitively worth bringing this up .
I would start with a post on python - dev linking to the source code for your patch , and adding a message to the original tracker issue too ( without reopening it though -- just so the people who were on the bug will be pinged about it ) .
Because of backwards compatibility with previous 2.7.x releases , it 's very important that the patch not break anything -- in particular this means you can't add opcodes or change their specification .
You will also undoubtedly be asked to test this on a variety of platforms 32 - bit and 64 - bit that people care about .
But I 'm sure you 're expecting all that . :-)
You might also check with Benjamin Peterson , who is the 2.7 release manager .
I think he just announced 2.7.10 , so it 's too late for that , but I assume we 'll keep doing 2.7.x releases until 2020 .
Good luck , -- Guido PS .
I am assuming you are contributing this under a PSF - accepted license , e.g. Apache 2.0 , otherwise it's an automatic nogo .
On Tue , May 19 , 2015 at 9:33 AM , Cohn , Robert S < robert.s.cohn@intel.com > wrote : Hi Guido ,
When we met for lunch at pycon , I asked if performance related patches would be ok for python 2.x .
My understanding is that you thought it was possible if it did not create a maintainability problem .
We have an example now , a 2.7 patch for computed goto based on the implementation in python 3 http://bugs.python.org/issue4753
It increases performance by up to 10 % across a wide range of workloads .
As I mentioned at lunch , we hired David Murray ’s company , and he is guiding intel through the development process for cpython .
David and I thought it would be good to run this by you before raising the issue on python - dev .
Do you have a specific concern about this patch or a more general concern about performance patches to 2.7 ?
Thanks .
Robert --------
msg244231 - ( view ) Author : Robert Collins ( rbcollins ) * Date : 2015-05-28 00:34
FWIW I 'm interested and willing to poke at this if more testers / reviewers are needed .
msg244256 - ( view ) Author : Ned Deily ( ned.deily ) * Date : 2015-05-28 03:52
@ Vamsi , could you please open a new issue and attach your patch there so it can be properly tracked for 2.7 ?
This issue has been closed for five years and the code has been out in the field for a long time in Python 3 .
Thanks !
msg244329 - ( view ) Author : Roundup Robot ( python - dev ) Date : 2015-05-28 17:45
New changeset 17d3 bbde60d2 by Benjamin Peterson in branch ' 2.7 ' : backport computed gotos ( #4753 ) https://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/17d3bbde60d2
msg244617 - ( view ) Author : David Bolen ( db3l ) Date : 2015-06-01 22:02
The 2.7 back - ported version of this patch appears to have broken compilation on the Windows XP buildbot , during the OpenSSL build process , when the newly built Python is used to execute the build_ssl.py script .
After this patch , when that stage executes , and prior to any output from the build script , the python_d process goes to 100 % CPU and sticks there until the build process times out 1200s later and kills it .
I do n't think it 's really ssl related though , as after doing some debugging the exact same thing happens if I simply run python_d ( I never see a prompt - it just sits there burning CPU ) .
So I think build_ssl.py is just the first use of the generated python_d during the build process .
I did try attaching to the CPU - stuck version of python_d from VS , and so far from what I can see , the process never gets past the Py_Initialize ( ) call in Py_Main ( ) .
It 's all over the place in terms of locations if I try interrupting it , but it 's always stuck inside that first Py_Initialize call .
I 'm not sure if it 's something environmental on my slave , or a difference with a debug vs. production build ( I have n't had a chance to try building a release version yet ) .
-- David
msg244620 - ( view ) Author : David Bolen ( db3l ) Date : 2015-06-01 22:26
I ran a few more tests , and the generated executable hangs in both release and debug builds .
The closest I can get at the moment is that it 's stuck importing errno from the " import sys , errno " line in os.py - at least no matter how long I wait after starting a process before breaking out , output with - v looks like : > python_d -v # installing zipimport hook import zipimport # builtin # installed zipimport hook # D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\site.pyc matches D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\site.py import site # precompiled from D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\site.pyc # D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\os.pyc matches D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\os.py import os # precompiled from D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\os.pyc import errno # builtin Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\site.py " , line 62 , in < module > import os File " D:\cygwin\home\db3l\test\python2.7\lib\os.py " , line 26 , in < module > import sys , errno KeyboardInterrupt # clear __builtin__._
# clear sys.path # clear sys.argv # clear sys.ps1 # clear sys.ps2 # clear sys.exitfunc # clear sys.exc_type # clear sys.exc_value # clear sys.exc_traceback # clear sys.last_type # clear sys.last_value # clear sys.last_traceback # clear sys.path_hooks # clear sys.path_importer_cache # clear sys.meta_path # clear sys.flags # clear sys.float_info # restore sys.stdin # restore sys.stdout # restore sys.stderr # cleanup __main__ # cleanup [ 1 ] zipimport # cleanup [ 1 ] errno # cleanup [ 1 ] signal # cleanup [ 1 ] exceptions # cleanup [ 1 ] _warnings # cleanup sys # cleanup __builtin__ [ 8991 refs ] # cleanup ints : 6 unfreed ints # cleanup floats I never have a problem interrupting the process , so Keyboard Interrupt is processed normally - it just looks like it gets stuck in an infinite loop during startup .
-- David
msg244628 - ( view ) Author : R. David Murray ( r.david.murray ) * Date : 2015-06-02 01:11
Please open a new issue with the details about your problem .
msg244693 - ( view ) Author : David Bolen ( db3l ) Date : 2015-06-02 21:38
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - An Australian gambler who lost millions in a A $ 1.4 billion ( $ 909 million ) gaming spree is suing one of the country ’s largest casinos , claiming he was targeted by managers despite a known gambling addiction .
In a case which lawyers say could have implications stretching to China , gambling addict Harry Kakavas is suing Crown Casino in Melbourne for A$ 50 million damages after a mammoth 14 - month baccarat binge in which he lost A$ 37 million .
At the time in 2007 , property developer Kakavas had been barred from every casino in Australia .
But the Supreme Court in Victoria state was told that Crown ’s management did not “ give a monkey ’s ” about a prohibition in place since 2004 , the Age newspaper said .
Supreme Court documents said Kakavas wore a concealed recorder that captured Crown managers allegedly attempting to lure him back to its riverside baccarat tables .
Crown is owned by Australian billionaire James Packer , who also operates Crown Macau and is developing a second casino project , The City of Dreams , in the Chinese territory .
Last year the company reported profits of A$ 370 million .
“ We have no intention of responding to the allegations made publicly .
We are defending the action vigorously , ” Crown spokesman Gary O’Neill told Reuters .
Crown Chief Executive Rowen Craigie and Chief Operating Officer John Williams face accusations of unconscionable conduct while in charge of Crown , which this month reported revenue from table games and gaming machines up 4 percent as Packer looks to expand in Macau .
Court documents in Melbourne alleged that emails detailed a Crown plan to lure back Kakavas after managers discovered he had lost millions of dollars gambling in Las Vegas .
If found guilty , Crown could be judged to have breached Australia ’s Trade Practices
Act , state gambling regulations and special laws covering the high - profile casino ’s operation .
CHICAGO --
The city tentatively accepted a $ 1.16 billion bid Tuesday for the rights to manage its parking - meter system , handing a Morgan Stanley - backed group a concession that continues the city 's strategy of privatizing its public assets .
Final approval of the deal , which will be decided by a city council vote on Thursday , would establish the first private concession for a publicly owned U.S. parking system , according to Mayor Richard M. Daley .
Similar deals over the past three years have seen Chicago pocket nearly $ 5 billion ...
Babak Parviz wears contact lenses .
But he 's not yet using the new contact lenses he 's made in his Seattle laboratory .
Containing electronic circuits , they look like something from a science fiction movie .
He 's now going to add some extremely small light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) , helping turn his prototype contact lenses into a sophisticated personal display - the tiniest one possible .
As an assistant professor of electrical engineering at the University of Washington , Parviz works on bio-nanotechnology , self - assembly , nanofabrication and micro-electro mechanical systems .
He makes tiny but functional electronic devices and , using nanotechnology and microfabrication techniques , integrates them on to polymers or glass using a process known as self - assembly .
So how did he think of making a " bionic " contact lens ?
" Imagine a person with that kind of research expertise and background , " says Parviz .
" Imagine also the same person waking up every morning and putting a contact lens in his eye . "
Looking ahead
Making the connection was n't hard , as Parviz had also been thinking about unconventional displays .
Contact lenses are made from flexible transparent polymers , just the sort of challenging material that Parviz likes to stick tiny electronic circuits on .
" The driver is not to make something small .
The driver is to make something that 's cool and useful .
Having a display in a contact lens is very useful . "
Parviz argues that ironically , the current display sizes in mobile computers and phones hinder rather than help miniaturisation .
" The display size is one of the main reasons that laptops , cellphones , PDAs , etc are not smaller today .
If we move the display to a contact lens , we can significantly remove the physical constraints on mobile devices . "
So far , he 's shown that high - performance circuitry including microLEDs can be incorporated on to transparent , thin , flexible plastic substrates .
The circuits involve making metal layers a few nanometres thick linked to LEDs that are about one third of a millimetre across .
A microfabrication technique known as self - assembly relies on capillary effects to bring together pre-shaped pieces of circuit .
The prototype contact lens - which will eventually contain LEDs - has yet to be powered up .
That key step , says Parviz , is several months off .
" We 're looking at two different ways to transmit power .
One is radio frequency power transmission .
We need antennae on these contact lenses anyway because we need to transmit data to them .
The other way we 're looking at right now is to incorporate photovoltaic [ solar ] cells . "
Power is n't the hardest problem .
A contact lens sits directly on the surface of the eye , much too close for the eye 's lens to focus on .
" To create the focused image we have to manipulate the light rays , " says Parviz .
" You can create a focused image if you use laser instead of LEDs . "
If shining very low power diode lasers on to the retina seems risky , then microLEDs might be the answer .
These provide diffuse light and , to make them work , Parviz might integrate an array of individual micro-lenses into the contact lens .
" If the pixel [ the microLED ] is close enough to the micro-lens , it will generate a virtual image that could be 30 cm or more away from the surface .
Our eyes can focus on this now . "
All this raises questions of biocompatibility : the electronics in the contact lenses must not harm the eye .
If that 's assured , then the idea of a fully functional wireless display on a contact lens might seem , at first , to have many uses .
Parviz talks about augmented reality , such as superimposing text messages or direction arrows on your view of the world .
But even trivial applications will require a high - resolution display .
So his next step is to demonstrate a programmable wireless contact lens with a few pixels - perhaps eight - that 's safe to wear .
Since his work became widely known , Parviz has received emails from people wanting to test the contact lenses , while others have proposed ideas .
He 's also had emails from those with vision problems , an area he hopes to help with .
An 11 - year - old student also wrote in describing a school competition involving an idea for a " closed caption eye " using electronic contact lenses for the hearing - impaired .
For example , a fire alarm symbol appears when the alarm sounds , an idea Parviz now has in mind .
" We are looking right now at gaming , augmented reality , computing , telecom and medical applications . "
However , Professor James Wolffsohn of Aston University in Birmingham is n't enthusiastic .
As the head of optometry , his research interests include contact lenses .
" I 've never seen anyone try and print circuits on to a contact lens , " says Wolffsohn .
He points out that a contact lens is around 14 mm wide , compared to the pupil 's diameter of between 4 mm and 5 mm .
He reckons that does n't leave a lot of space for electronics without interrupting vision ; and it might be difficult to project an image from the periphery into the eye 's central area .
" The focusing would be the real issue .
These are incredibly close to the eye , " says Wolffsohn of Parviz 's plan .
He adds that while dust in a contact lens is uncomfortable , you do n't see it because it 's just too close .
The same applies to images on the contact lens .
" There would have to be some projection technology for it to appear at a distance that you could then focus on .
I can't really see them generating a projection through a contact lens . "
Vision on
Wolffsohn also does n't think the research will help low - vision sufferers who need high - contrast large - text solutions ; only a very small number wear contact lenses already .
Most people commonly needing vision correction choose glasses , and , as for laser diodes : " There would certainly be issues about laser damage to the retina . "
Nevertheless , Wolffsohn is attracted to the idea of putting electronics on to glasses ( as has been done with some products already ) .
There 's more space and no biocompatibility issues , while image projection is an easier proposition .
His verdict on using contact lenses as a display device ?
" They would n't be my starting point if I had this technology , " says Wolffsohn .
But whichever way this research goes , it 's worth keeping an eye on .
Mike Sunnucks
Phoenix Business Journal
December 4 , 2008
U.S. Defense Department plans to deploy as many 20,000 U.S. troops within the U.S. for homeland security and anti-terrorism efforts could result in a significant number being placed or having some kind of presence in Arizona and the Southwest , according to security experts .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
There have been threats against the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station west of Phoenix , the Hoover Dam on the Arizona - Nevada border as well as the Las Vegas Strip and Los Angeles International Airport ( LAX ) .
Arizona is also home to U.S. military intelligence operations at Fort Huachuca and has become a focal point with border security efforts along the Mexican border .
The Washington Post recently reported the Pentagon plans to have up 20,000 U.S. troops placed in domestic locations with the charge of responding to security matters .
Some of those troops — which are under the U.S. Northern Command — have already been active in Arizona , helping with security efforts along the Mexican border .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Kevin Federline has decided that the time has come to move on .
This time he ’s taking it to the court .
The volleyball court that is .
Federline , 30 , is dating former volleyball pro Victoria Prince .
Federline told sources that they started as friends however , it has turned into much more .
The 6ft tall blonde is 26 .
Unlike his relationship with ex-wife and everyone ’s favorite pop tart Britney Spears , 27 , a sources said : “ Prince is very laid back , she brings sanity and a sense of normalcy to his life .
The couple recently jetted off to Las Vegas for to ring in 2009 while Federline allow Spears to keep their two sons for the weekend .
Federline currently is the full time custodial parent of the ex-couples children .
Best of luck to the happy couple .
Related Articles :
More Kevin Federline Gossip
K - Fed tells Britney to stay away from Paris Hilton shes “ trouble . ”
K - Feds Girlfriend has a bad past .
Kevin Federline and Britney Spears send “ raunchy ” text messages to each other .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
I do n't really want to contemplate the future of our country under another four years of " conservative leadership " ( and yes , those are sarcastic air - quotes ) .
Or more of the kind of leadership that exudes hypocrisy and expects the world to do as we as say and not as we do , a country that is more afraid of terrorists wearing turbans than the ones who wear suits and neckties , profess to follow Jesus , and wave the American flag whilst gleefully cleaning out the treasury and then in the ultimate insult , they mortgage our future to foreign creditors to gain even more for themselves .
This is not the future I want to wake up to on Wednesday November 5th .
I do n't feel real good about how all the election process is going to go but I do know there are a lot of good folks devoted to watching the proceedings very closely for any unusual activity this time around .
So , What if hope actually wins ?
What if on November 5th we wake up to find the nation had the courage to step beyond our fear and prejudice and rejected the fear based for the hope centered ?
When I look at the picture above I do n't see what the neo-cons like to describe as the Messiah .
To me what they mean to say is that we are helpless and weak and looking for someone to solve all of our problems for us .
I have lived long enough to know that person does not exist .
What I see is just a guy that represents a new idea to a whole lot of folks .
There are people in this country who recognize this moment as an opportunity to reject , to transcend the awful mess we have made of ourselves , our country and our world .
To find the courage to forgive ourselves our own trespasses as well as forgive those who have trespassed against us and boldly step out of the dark places we find excuses for in ourselves while claiming to be fighting for the light .
My partner posed the question to me yesterday as we were engaging in our usual Sunday morning , coffee and laptops , perusing our favorite reads about the election .
She said " What will we be doing when this is all over ? " .
Hmmmm ... What shall we do after rejecting the status - quo ?
Good question .
What would I do with my time , energy and passion if I no longer were blogging about how much we need to change ?
I guess the obvious answer would be to spend that time being the change I want to see in the world .
Like most people who hold a progressive view of life I already do a number of things , mostly on a small scale , to sustain the environment and promote a more peaceful and just world .
I try to look at myself with an objective eye and determine where I can challenge myself to do an even better job of making more of a positive difference in the world at large .
The idea of this nation having the guts to choose hope instead of fear really revs me up and gets me excited to re-dedicate myself to making that idea a smashing success .
But what would I do in a country that was ready to re-invent itself ?
I will be finding ways to bring my post - corporate vision of capitalism with a conscience to life and bringing my considerable powers of persuasion to bear on the idea that people should be able to make as much money and be as affluent as they wish to be as long as they do it with ethics and compassion .
So , for all of you right - wingers out there who think we progressives can't tell the difference between a Messiah come to save us and a call to save ourselves ... I ain't mad at ya ... but I suggest you get out of the way because the times they are a changing .
Here is a little poem , maybe it's a quote , that I love .
This one is for you America , and the America we can be if we simply choose to be .
What if you slept , and if in your sleep you dreamed ,
And what if in your dream you went to heaven and there
Plucked a strange and beautiful flower , and what if when you
Awoke you had the flower in your hand ?
Ah , what then ?
Samuel Taylor Coleridge
What will you do if Hope wins ?
Physicist Shou - Cheng Zhang .
Photo : Lauren Schenkman
Physicist Shou - Cheng Zhang has proposed a way to physically realize the magnetic monopole .
In a paper published online in the January 29 issue of Science Express , Zhang and post - doctoral collaborator Xiao - Liang Qi predict the existence of a real - world material that acts as a magic mirror , in which the never - before - observed monopole appears as the image of an ordinary electron .
If his prediction is confirmed by experiments , this could mean the opening of condensed matter as a new venue for observing the exotica of high - energy physics .
Zhang is a condensed - matter theorist at the Stanford Institute for Materials and Energy Science ( SIMES ) , a joint institute of SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory and Stanford University .
He studies solids that exhibit unusual electromagnetic and quantum behaviors , with an eye towards their use in information storage .
But due to his training as a particle physicist , Zhang always keeps the big picture in mind .
That 's why it was so easy for him to see that the material he was already working on could behave like what theorists call a magnetic monopole , an isolated north or south magnetic pole .
The monopole is thought of as electric charge 's magnetic cousin , but unlike positive or negative charges , north or south poles always occur together in what 's called a dipole .
A lone north or south pole simply does n't show up in the real world .
Even if you take a bar magnet and cut it in half down the middle , you wo n't get a separate north and south pole , but two new dipole magnets instead .
For symmetry - minded theorists , however , it 's natural that there should be a magnetic equivalent of charge .
String theories and grand unified theories rely on its existence , and its absence undermines the mathematical feng - shui of the otherwise elegant Maxwell 's equations that govern the behavior of electricity and magnetism .
What 's more , the existence of a magnetic monopole would explain another mystery of physics : why charge is quantized ; that is , why it only seems to come in tidy packets of about 1.602x10 –19 coulombs , the charge of an electron or proton .
For decades , scientists have kept their eyes peeled for the elusive monopole , but perhaps they were looking in the wrong place .
" They were literally hoping it would fall from sky , " Zhang says .
The notion is n't as far - fetched as it seems — our world is constantly bombarded by weird particles showering from far - off cosmic events , and magnetic monopoles could very well show up as part of that rain .
Some enterprising physicists installed loops of superconducting material on their rooftops .
If anything remotely like a magnetic monopole fell through , the loops , being sensitive to magnetic fluctuations , would register it .
But in more than 30 years of searching , no one 's been able to conclusively detect this particle .
Accelerator experiments have been no more successful , leading scientists believe existing monopoles must be far too heavy to create in even the Large Hadron Collider .
Interestingly , Zhang 's magnetic monopole did n't fall from the heavens ; instead , it was leading a quiet life on the other side of a mirror , but a mirror made of a very special type of alloy .
What 's more , says Zhang , the math to prove the effect is very clear .
" You could give the last part of the mathematical derivation as a final exam in a junior or senior year undergraduate physics class . "
To understand how a material can act like a magnetic monopole , it helps to examine first how an ordinary metal acts when a charge — an electron , say — is brought close to the surface .
Because like charges repel , the electrons at the surface retreat to the interior , leaving the previously neutral surface positively charged .
The resulting electric field looks exactly like that of a particle with positive charge the same distance below the surface — it 's the positive mirror image of the electron .
In fact , from an observer 's point of view , it 's impossible to tell the difference .
The concept of an image charge is something undergraduate physics students encounter in their very first electricity and magnetism class , along with the idea that the magnetic monopole does n't exist .
But Zhang 's " mirror " alloy is no ordinary material .
It 's what 's called a topological insulator , a strange breed of solid Zhang specializes in , in which " the laws of electrodynamics are dramatically altered , " he says .
In fact , if an electron was brought close to the surface of a topological insulator , Zhang 's paper demonstrates , something truly eerie would happen .
Instead of an ordinary positive charge , Zhang says , " You would get what looks like a magnetic monopole in the ' mirror . ' "
To go back to the example of image charges , it 's important to emphasize that there is n't actually half of a bar magnet somewhere inside this material .
Instead , Zhang discovered , due to a peculiarity of the material called strong spin - orbit coupling , the nearby electron would induce a current in the surface that circulates constantly without dying out .
This in turn — undergraduate physics majors , get out your pencils — would create a magnetic field that looks like that of a magnetic monopole .
Experimentalists have tried to approximate this field before , for instance by arranging permanent magnets in certain ways .
But to an outside observer , Zhang 's material would be completely indistinguishable from the monopole particle that physicists were hoping to catch in their superconducting detectors .
" We like to find things that do n't exist , " says Zhang .
His work on the monopole has further ramifications ; this could be a way to physically realize a number of particles that , until now , have only existed as mathematical loopholes in high - energy physics theories .
For instance , Zhang has shown that the electron and image monopole together would act like a so - called " anyon " located at the solid 's surface .
" The ' any , ' in this case , is as in ' anything , ' " Zhang explains — they are particles that only exist in two dimensions , whose properties straddle those of the two classes of three - dimensional particles , fermions and bosons .
Although Zhang works as a theorist , he has close ties to experimental physics .
In 2007 , his prediction of the quantum spin Hall effect in mercury telluride was confirmed experimentally , earning his work praise in Science as a runner - up breakthrough of that year .
" As a theorist you 're always motivated by the math , but it 's a testament to our understanding that we can predict real - world materials , " Zhang says .
" Before , new materials were more or less found by accident . "
Now other SIMES researchers will be using the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource at SLAC to closely study two specific materials , bismuth selenide and bismuth telluride , that Zhang has predicted will exhibit this strange mirror behavior .
They hope to confirm the prediction experimentally some time this year .
" Exotic particles such as the magnetic monopole , dyon , anyon , and the axion have played fundamental roles in our theoretical understanding of quantum physics , " Zhang writes in the paper .
" Experimental observation of these exotic particles in table - top condensed matter systems could finally reveal their deep mysteries . "
Topological insulators could provide a new experimental outlet for high - energy physicists .
" You do n't have to look towards the cosmos , " Zhang says .
" I think we 'll see more of the beautiful mathematical structures of high - energy physics become realized in condensed matter physics . "
By Lauren Schenkman , symmetry intern
Update :
You can hear some discussion of this on the fun This Week in Science podcast .
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Australia is considering a U.S. request to re-settle inmates from the Guantanamo Bay military prison camp , but is unlikely to take any detainees , Acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard said on Friday .
Razorwire - topped fences are seen at the " Camp Six " detention facility at U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay December 10 , 2008 , in this file image reviewed by the U.S. military .
REUTERS / Mandel Ngan / Pool
Gillard said Australia had been approached along with Britain to accept inmates to help U.S. President - elect Barack Obama meet a promise to close the camp in a U.S. enclave on Cuba .
About 255 men are still held at Guantanamo , including 60 the United States has cleared for release but cannot repatriate for fear they will be tortured or persecuted in their home countries .
The prison has come to symbolize aggressive interrogation practices that opened the United States up to allegations of torture .
The U.S. State Department last week asked around 100 countries for help clearing the camp of detainees over a two - year period , the Australian newspaper reported .
“ Australia , along with a number of other friends and allies of the United States , has been approached to consider resettling detainees from Guantanamo Bay , ” Gillard said in a statement .
“ This is a request from the Bush administration , and follows President Bush ’s statement that he would like to see Guantanamo closed .
This is not a request from President Elect Obama . ”
Gillard said Australia was first approached by the Bush administration in early 2008 to resettle a small group of detainees from Guantanamo .
“ After appropriate consideration , Australia declined to allow resettlement of that small group in Australia , ” she said .
The second request came in early December 2008 .
“ Notwithstanding that it is unlikely Australia would accept these detainees , given the fact that the Bush administration has formally approached Australia with this request , the request demands proper consideration , ” Gillard said .
CLOSE ALLY
Australia , a close U.S. ally , was an original member of the U.S. - led coalition that invaded Iraq in 2003 and helped oust the Taliban from control of Afghanistan following the September 11 , 2001 airliner attacks in the United States .
An Australian man , former kangaroo skinner David Hicks , was the first Guantanamo inmate convicted of supporting terrorism , and returned home from the prison in 2007 after pleading guilty .
Strict Australian police controls on Hicks were recently dropped .
Another Australian , Mamdouh Habib , was released from Guantanamo without charge in 2005 .
Conservative opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull said Prime Minister Kevin Rudd should immediately rule out support for the plan .
Rudd is currently on Christmas holiday .
Involvement in a Guantanamo re-settlement could threaten the government ’s record popularity , as surveys show security consistently ranks among the top concerns of Australians .
Keith Suter , a foreign affairs and politics expert at Macquarie University in Sydney , said former U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had effectively painted all Guantanamo inmates as extremists before resigning in 2006 .
But most , Suter said , had faced no proper charges under the U.S. military court system used at Guantanamo and would likely have to be considered by Australia as ordinary refugees .
“ They ’d be granted refugee status and they ’d be settled into the community , and hopefully no fuss would be made about it , ” he said .
The Capitol
( Photo © J. Maus )
During his campaign , Obama got us all excited when he mentioned how Portland ’s bike lanes should be an example for the rest of the country .
Now that he ’s in office , I ’m sure I join a lot of other people involved with biking who are eager for any sign that he ’ll continue to publicly support bikeways .
Tipped off by a friend on Twitter , I browsed over to WhiteHouse. gov the other day .
Turns out , as Obama was taking the Oath of Office , his web team was hitting the upload button on the newly updated website .
Excited to see if there was any mention of bicycling , I entered it into the search bar .
I found one result .
Story continues below
advertisement
On the Urban Policy page , under a heading of “ Livability of Cities ” is the following paragraph :
Build More Livable and Sustainable Communities :
Our communities will better serve all of their residents if we are able to leave our cars to walk , bicycle and access other transportation alternatives .
President Obama will re-evaluate the transportation funding process to ensure that smart growth considerations are taken into account .
It might be only one mention , but it ’s well - said and it ’s something to hang our helmets on .
It also shows that someone on his staff thinks of biking as more than just a recreational pursuit ( something critics have worried about in recent months ) .
Now it ’s up to us and members of Congress to turn that paragraph into practice .
Front Page , News
national news
Mrs Rivera had wanted to remain in Canada on humanitarian grounds Canada has ordered the deportation of the first woman US soldier to have sought asylum in the country to avoid being deployed to Iraq .
Kimberly Rivera , a mother of three , had requested permission to remain in Canada on humanitarian grounds but her appeal was rejected .
She could face up to five years in prison when she returns to the US .
Some 200 deserters from the US military are believed to have fled to Canada , some living incognito .
Mrs Rivera served in Iraq in 2006 but deserted a year later after refusing to be redeployed .
She said her experience in Iraq was " a huge awakening " which convinced her that the war was " immoral " and that she could not participate in it .
She is being backed by the War Resisters Support Campaign .
Mrs Rivera and her family have been told they must leave Canada by the end of January unless the court order is reversed .
Last year , the Canadian parliament passed a non-binding motion granting asylum to deserters from the Iraq war .
But correspondents say the governing Conservatives opposed the motion , not willing to risk upsetting Washington over the issue .
So far Canada has deported only one US deserter , Robin Long .
He was sentenced to 15 months in prison on his return .
Your comments : Kimberly Rivera took an oath to " obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over her . "
If she has moral qualms about serving she should not have joined .
1LT Michael Butler , Chicago , USA
If all soldiers refused to fight in illegal and immoral wars waged on lies , there would be no more such wars .
She should be allowed to stay .
Mark Wensley , Canada Look - she joined the US armed Forces .
She knew what it was all about .
Why should we allow her to live here ?
The US is our ally , why should we shelter people who break US Law ?
The US is an open society , with the rule of law .
There is no reason for people from the US to seek " asylum " here .
US courts are fair , and will apply US law .
Send her back .
Robert Orr , Toronto , Canada Speaking as a Canadian citizen , wholly opposed to the United States occupation in Iraq , I am ashamed that we would deny sanctuary to those in the American military who are equally opposed .
The government of this nation should n't care about " upsetting " Washington on issues of human rights .
Historically , we 're a nation of peace and peace - keeping .
That we should discard that legacy to please the government of the USA disgusts me .
Joshua Peters , Vancouver , Canada
I do n't think my country should except Iraq war deserters .
They are not facing torture and life imprisonment in the USA .
They will get a year in prison and possibly less in this woman 's case .
John , Toronto , Canada I agree with the ruling of Canadian government to deport all US deserters .
They signed a contract to serve in the military on a voluntary basis .
This is not Vietnam where all enlisted military were drafted .
The deserters want all the benefits but not to serve their country during the war .
They should not have enlisted if they were against the war .
Ian , Vancouver , Canada
The fact that she already served and then decided for herself to desert after seeing what was happening there is interesting .
It 's really shameful that we can put someone into jail for refusing to go to a war , especially a war of aggression such as this one .
Chris , Shenzhen , China
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About the author
( NewsTarget )
Nine human beings in Devon aged 36 to 49 , agreed to eat like apes in order to discover if their health improved .
The experiment , which was filmed for television , was intended to show what happens when people abandon a modern diet filled with processed foods for one similar to that of our ancestors .
The diet , called the " Evo Diet , " is based on the idea that our bodies have evolved to eat a raw plant - based diet similar to apes , since they are biologically closest to humans .
Past research has shown that this sort of diet has beneficial effects on cholesterol and blood pressure , and the purpose of this experiment was to gain further evidence .
In the first week of the 12 - day study , the nine volunteers ate a daily meal of water and about 11 pounds of honey , hazelnuts and fresh fruits and vegetables like watercress , broccoli , carrots , cabbage , tomatoes , radishes , strawberries , melons , mangoes , apricots , bananas , plums , figs and Satsuma mandarins .
During the second week , the diet was adapted to mimic that of hunter - gatherers with portions of cooked , oily fish .
One participant , 36 - year - old Jon Thornton , began the study weighing in at nearly 265 pounds , but by the end of the experiment had lowered his blood pressure , dropped 12.5 pounds , and reduced his bad cholesterol by 20 percent .
Thornton 's diet before the trial consisted of bacon , sausage and egg sandwiches or deep - fried fish and chips .
He nearly left the experiment when he realized it consisted of mainly fruit and vegetables , but he stuck it out with no adverse effects from the change .
Since the experiment ended , Thornton reported that his knee pain when playing football has completely disappeared and he managed to stick to his healthy habits during Christmas .
The Evo Diet was plentiful , most of the participants did not finish their entire daily food ration .
Once withdrawal symptoms of certain foods and caffeinated beverages passed , the participants were generally happy and energetic .
The overall cholesterol drop for the entire group was 23 percent , which is a number that scientists have only attained through use of statin drugs in the past .
The average blood pressure level of the group bordered on hypertension at 140/83 at the beginning of the trial , but it had been reduced to 122/76 after the 12 days were up .
The average salt intake was double the recommended 6 grams per day , but ended up at 1 gram when the trial had finished .
The group lost an average total of 9.7 pounds , despite the fact that weight loss was not a goal for the experiment .
The experiment shows that we humans need fruit and vegetable in order to enjoy and healthy life , that is the way the our bodies have evolved .
Sheryl is a kinesiologist , nutritionist and holistic practitioner .
Her website www.younglivingguide.com provides the latest research on preventing disease , looking naturally gorgeous , and feeling emotionally and physically fabulous .
You can also find some of the most powerful super foods on the planet including raw chocolate , purple corn , and many others .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - A senior United Nations aid official appealed on Tuesday for the international community to provide protection for civilians in Gaza , calling it a “ test of our humanity . ”
John Ging , director of operations in Gaza for UNRWA , the U.N. Relief and Works Agency , also called for a full investigation into allegations that Israeli military forces may have used illegal weapons in their 18 - day offensive .
He spoke from Gaza by audiolink to reporters in Geneva , as U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon headed to the region for a week of talks with leaders aimed at ending the bloodshed .
“ Whatever is being done is not sufficient until the guns fall silent .
That has to be our measure .
And the international community cannot stand as bystanders and watch two parties that have now expressed their intent not to stop , ” Ging said .
Under the 1949 Geneva Conventions , the civilian population has a legal right to effective action on the part of the international community to ensure its protection , he said .
“ It is a test of our humanity ... , ” he added .
There was a “ pervasive sense of fear ” among Palestinians throughout the Gaza Strip , according to Ging , who spoke from an UNRWA distribution center after visiting shelters and clinics .
“ All the people , the first thing they say to me and the last thing they say to me is ‘ Please , we need protection , nowhere is safe ’ , ” he said .
“ And they ’re right , nowhere is safe .
The casualty figures speak for that . ”
Palestinian medical officials said at least 925 people had been killed in Gaza since Israel begin its assault on December 27 in response to cross - border rockets fired by Hamas militants .
“ The influx of wounded keeps growing .
Almost one half of the injuries are women and children , ” ICRC spokeswoman Dorothea Krimitsas told reporters in Geneva .
“ So first and foremost , this is a crisis of protection .
There is a civilian population who have nowhere to flee and the conflict is going on everywhere , ” Ging said .
Gaza has a population of 1.5 million , crammed into the coastal strip .
Ging also called for a halt to rockets that continue to be fired into Israel from Gaza .
“ The Israeli civilian population within rocket range are being terrorized on a daily basis and have been for years . ”
About 100 aid trucks per day now enter Gaza , carrying “ just a trickle of assistance , ” far short of the 500 needed daily to meet huge needs , including wheat for bread , he said .
Jakob Kellenberger , President of the International Committee of the Red Cross , arrived in Gaza on Tuesday and will visit an ICRC medical team working in Shifa hospital in Gaza City .
Kellenberger was expected to hold talks with senior Israeli officials in Jerusalem on Wednesday and may visit Sderot -- an Israeli town of 24,000 targeted daily by Hamas rockets .
December 21 , 2008
In an interview with Aljazeera today , former Chief of the UN weapons inspectors in Iraq told the TV that he and the Head of the IAEA " Mohamed Al - Baradei " were subjected to direct threats from Dick Cheney before the war .
Blix said that Cheney threatened to defame both men�s reputations if they didn�t came with the " required " answers .
Blix also added that he is ready to be a witness on the United States� false allegations before an International tribunal .
The incident being investigated is believed to be the firing of white phosphorous shells at a UN school in Beit Lahiya on January 17 .
( Mohammed Abed / AFP )
: : : : : : : : : :
Common Dreams ( Sunday Times Online ) :
After weeks of denying that it used white phosphorus in the heavily populated Gaza Strip , Israel finally admitted yesterday that the weapon was deployed in its offensive .
“ Yes , phosphorus was used but not in any illegal manner , ” Yigal Palmor , a Foreign Ministry spokesman , told The Times .
This is of course a surprise to no one .
So , what would make it illegal ?
The weapon is legal if used as a smokescreen in battle but it is banned from deployment in civilian areas .
Pictures of the attack show Palestinian medics fleeing as blobs of burning phosphorus rain down on the compound .
The above photo is of a UN school in Beit Lahiya on January 17 , 2009 .
People are running .
It ’s a school .
Looks like a civilian area to me ..
Gaza is one of the most densely populated areas on the planet .
What area in Gaza would NOT be considered a civilian area ?
These weapons are not the sort to target out an individual or small group , they spread out and kill indiscriminately .
Will Israel be charged with war crimes for its use of these terrible weapons in densely populated areas ?
I doubt it :
The Ministry of Defence gave lawyers the task before the attack of investigating the legal consequences of deploying white phosphorus – commonly stocked in Nato arsenals and used by US and British forces in Iraq and Afghanistan – inside the Gaza Strip , home to 1.5 million Palestinians , and one of the most densely populated places in the world .
“ From what I know , at least one month before it was used a legal team had been consulted on the implications , ” an Israeli defence official said .
He added that Israel was surprised about the public outcry .
“ Everyone knew we were using it , and everyone else uses it .
We did n’t think it would get this much attention , ” he said .
Because Israel is not a signatory to the treaty that created the International Court of Justice in The Hague , it can not be tried there .
Any country that is a signatory to the Geneva Convention , however , can try to prosecute individuals who took part in the Gaza operation as culpable of war crimes .
The BBC reports further : Israel defends use of phosphorus
Today , Chris Hedges ( TruthDig ) wrote : With Gaza , Journalists Fail Again
The US wo n’t do anything about it .
We are the ones who likely gave them the weapons in the first place .
Not only White Phosphorous was used .
Israel also dropped “ cluster bombs ” and depleted uranium .
That is the gift that keeps on giving …
The use of cluster bombs is utterly , and absolutely immoral .
The cluster bombs , unlike other bombs , cause damages for a long period of time and most of the casualties are civilians long after the war is over .
The large number of “ bomblets ” that do not explode when dropped act much like land mines .
They are meant to maim , not necessarily kill .
It is logical to assume that many of the victims - to - be will be children , who in their curiosity pick up , or step on , the bomblets will lose limbs or die .
Israel already dropped these cluster bombs throughout Gaza .
Their ‘ campaign ’ is now over and the press is pretty much done reporting .
The deaths and injuries from these unexploded munitions , though , will continue for years .
Those deaths and injuries will fall under the radar , and out of public view .
If depleted uranium was used , well .. , it has a half life of 4.46 BILLION years .
Yes , BILLION with a “ B ” .
The area is now contaminated , but then so are so many other areas in other countries where depleted uranium munitions have been used .
As of 12 January 2009 , 95 states have signed the Convention on Cluster Munitions ( CCM ) , an international treaty that prohibits the use of cluster bombs .
Several major producers of cluster munitions , including the US , Russia , China , India , Pakistan and Brazil have not signed the Convention .
Israel did not sign either .
For a list of countries that have used , stocked , or produced cluster bombs , go here .
From The Guardian :
Intended primarily as anti-personnel weapons , cluster bombs open up in mid-air to release dozens of individual devices , known as bomblets , which scatter across a wide area .
While the bomblets are intended to explode when they hit the ground , many do not and they can lie dormant for years .
Victims often include farmers tilling land and children attracted by the bomblets ’ bright colouring .
The US and other nations insist cluster bombs have a legitimate military use .
But one group that deals with the issue , Handicap International , says 98 % of cluster - bomb victims are civilians and 27 % are children .
The below video shows unexploded ‘ bomblets ’ that Israel dropped in Lebanon in 2006 .
The point is to show how many of these armed munitions end up laying around , for years , waiting for it ’s next victim .
By Ben Cohen
A rather large and inconvenient fact that seems to have escaped the American media is that Israel broke the cease fire with Hamas , not the other way around .
Contrary to Israel 's assertion that it was defending itself , Hamas did not fire a single rocket into Israeli territory during the cease fire , and only began after Israel crossed its border and killed 6 members of Hamas .
This is something that Israel amazingly admits , yet refuses to apologize for .
It should come as a huge slap in the face to the unabashed supporters of the assault on Gaza , but as yet , no one has stepped forward to take responsibility .
Watch below :
Merrill Lynch executives wrote themselves $ 4 billion in bonus checks for their work in 2008 , on top of already lavish salaries .
All of this money is coming from the U.S. taxpayer through the TARP program , as previously discussed here .
Looting $ 4 billion might not sound like that big a deal next to the $ 700 billion being thrown down the TARP drain , but how does $ 4 billion compare to other federal expenditures ?
Let ’s look at some of the stuff the Feds typically do with $ 4 billion …
fund all National Science Foundation research for nearly one year ( total 2008 research spend was $ 4.8 billion )
fund the National Park Service for almost two years ( 2008 budget $ 2.4B )
fund the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) and its accident investigations on land , air , and sea for approximately 50 years ( 2008 budget was $ 79 million )
fund the Drug Enforcement Administration for more than two years ( 2008 budget $ 1.8B )
fund the FBI for about 8 months ( 2008 budget $ 6.5B )
Now that Wall Street generates only losses , can the U.S. taxpayer afford to take over responsibility for paying Wall Street executives their boom - era salaries and bonuses ?
The Big Three were late to the hybrid party , but they 're finally getting into the swing of things with cars like the 38 39 - mpg Ford Fusion Hybrid , a car that should make Toyota nervous and might just help Ford escape the apocalypse in Detroit .
The 2010 hybrid Fusion and Mercury Milan , its fraternal twin , build on Ford ’s experience with the cute - ute Escape Hybrid but advance the technology by making it lighter , more powerful and more efficient .
The two gas - electric mid-size sedans offer strong evidence that Ford is serious about building fuel - efficient vehicles , and they 're one reason Ford 's future is n't as bleak as those of General Motors and Chrysler .
Ford makes no bones about the two hybrids being aimed squarely at the Toyota Camry Hybrid .
Considering they offer better all - electric performance and superior fuel economy , they might just take the Camry down .
The gas - electric drivetrain expands upon the technology Ford developed for the Escape and Mercury Mariner hybrids .
The 2.5 - liter four - cylinder engine produces 155 horsepower , up from 133 in the Escape Hybrid .
An electric air conditioning compressor cut parasitic drag on the engine , improving fuel economy .
The electric drivetrain is almost entirely new .
The nickel - metal hydride battery is still made by Sanyo , but the chemistry has been revised to provide 20 percent more power in a battery pack that weighs 23 percent less .
The juice powers a 90 kW electric motor , an improvement over the 73 - kW motor in the Escape .
A continuously variable transmission moves the power from the drivetrain to the wheels .
What makes the system impressive is its ability to go as fast as 47 mph on electric power alone , a figure Ford claims is " about twice as fast as some competitors " without naming names .
Under the right conditions , hybrid honcho Gil Portalatin boasts , you can tool around without burning a drop of gas .
When you do step on the gas , Ford says the Fusion Hybrid delivers 38 39 mpg around town .
That 's 5 6 mpg better than the 2009 Camry Hybrid and just 3 mpg shy of the smaller , and less powerful , Honda Civic Hybrid .
( Figures for the Camry and Civic are window - sticker data from the EPA . )
" It 's astonishing what they 've accomplished , " Aaron Bragman , an industry analyst with IHS Global Insight , told us .
As for the styling , the Focus Hybrid is a sharp , if not terribly cool , looking sedan .
The front end is slightly sportier , less boxy .
An undertray improves aerodynamics .
Thicker door glass , hood insulation and other mods make it quieter inside .
A blind spot tracking system makes backing up less of a crapshoot , and ambient lighting lets you set the mood with seven color choices .
And the dashboard features something Ford calls " EcoGuide , " which monitors your driving style to help you improve efficiency .
The better you are , the more leaves appear on graphical display .
Drive like a moron and watch the leaves fall away .
No word yet on the price , but the hybrid will probably run $ 3,500 more than the conventional model .
Look for it in showrooms next spring .
POST UPDATED 4:30 p.m. PST .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com .
Is this the most fun job in the world ?
The man who travels the globe testing holiday resort waterslides
Surely the envy of any desk - bound office worker , Tommy Lynch has travelled over 27,000 miles this year , for his job testing holiday resort waterslides .
Mr Lynch , 29 , works for holiday giant First Choice , checking the height , speed , water quantity and landing of the flumes , as well as all safety aspects .
He said : ' I do have the best job in the world .
No - one believes me when I tell them what I do .
Tommy Lynch 's full - time job is testing waterslides for holiday giant First Choice
' Some people sit in an office all day but I get to fly all over the world and slide down flumes .
' It can be a bit tough when it is chilly and you have to strip off and shoot down the flume but other than that , it is great .
' There is so much more that goes into the flumes than people realise .
The pools and slides are such an important part of the family holiday so it is vital everything is right . '
Mr Lynch rates the Aqua Fantasy Park in Kusadasi , Turkey , as one of his favourite waterslide destinations
In 2008 Mr Lynch tested waterslides at holiday villages in Lanzarote , Majorca , Egypt , Turkey , the Costa Del Sol , Cyprus , Algarve , Dominican Republic and Mexico .
This year he will quality control First Choice 's new splash resorts in Greece , Turkey , Florida , Jamaica and Ibiza .
The product development manager says there is a serious side to his job
His favourites flumes include the ultra modern design at the company 's holiday village in Benalmadna on the Costa Del Sol , and the Aqua Fantasy park in Kusadasi .
Liverpool - born Mr Lynch , whose job title is lifestyle product development manager , was recruited to identify the very best pools to be featured in First Choice 's new Splash Resort collection .
He also ensures potential new resorts are up to the company 's standard .
He said : ' There is a serious side to my job , which carries a lot of responsibility , but getting to check out the flumes is by far the best bit . '
A spokeswoman for the company said : ' At First Choice , we understand how important swimming pools are to kids on holiday , which is why we appointed someone dedicated to finding the very best in the world .
' As you can imagine , there were no shortage of applicants for the job .
' Tommy takes his job very seriously and he has left no stone unturned in his pursuit of the world 's coolest pools , trying and testing each and every flume , slide and wave machine on the way . '
One day after the treasury ( taxpayers ) injected $ 6 billion into the failing auto industry GM , GMAC ease lending rules to entice car buyers .
General Motors Corp and its GMAC funding affiliate launched programs on Tuesday to lure U.S. car and truck buyers back into showrooms as the largest U.S. automaker tries to revive its sagging fortunes .
GM began offering zero- percent financing on some models , and GMAC resumed lending to a wider range of potential customers , after the government said it will inject billions of dollars to help ensure that both survive .
Through January 5 , GM will offer zero percent to 4.9 percent financing on loans of up to five years on some 2008 model - year vehicles , and 3.9 to 5.9 percent on some 2009 vehicles .
Many of the vehicles also carry cash discounts of $ 500 to $ 4,250 .
GMAC , meanwhile , will extend loans to retail buyers with credit scores , known as FICO , of 621 or higher .
In October , it had restricted loans to borrowers with scores of 700 or higher .
Many analysts consider borrowers with credit scores of 620 or lower to be " subprime . "
The median U.S. credit score is 723 , according to Fair Isaac Corp 's myFICO unit .
" The bottom line is much better access to funding , " said Mark LaNeve , GM 's vice president for North American sales , on a conference call with reporters .
He said GMAC may now be able to fund 75 to 80 percent of new vehicle purchases , up from 40 percent since October .
Elephant In the Room
Ordinarily , when a business / industry fails from poor management and / or ( in the case of the banks ) overleveraging , what happens ?
You know what happens intuitively , even if you 've never opened an economics
textbook .
It is very simple .
Entrepreneurs , seeing the mistakes made by those business / industry operators , rush in to start competing businesses to 1 ) take advantage of the weakened competition , and 2 ) operate the business better than the competition having the benefit of seeing their mistakes .
Under normal circumstances , this process happens in every industry .
It is the normal cycle of capitalism .
But look at what is happening now .
Are there any entrepreneurs setting out to start automotive manufacturing businesses ?
What about entrepreneurs setting out to charter new banks ?
You already know the answer to that .
The question , then , is why ?
First , and most important , it is because the business models within those industries have failed .
Second , because the government ( taxpayer ) has now stepped in to prop up those businesses with their failed business models , it is no longer economically viable for an entrepreneur to try and compete with the government even if the entrepreneur has a better business model .
Third , even if it were economically viable , the government is installing roadblocks via the FDIC and other agencies to purposefully make it difficult for entrepreneurs to compete against the failed businesses in those two industries .
Make no mistake , the inevitable outcome will be failure .
What is taking place is the extension of that failure to a decade or more .
That is what the government is purchasing with the bailout monies ; an extension , life support , even though death is inevitable .
Why ?
Why would government do this ?
Because those who are demanding the monies and the extensions have more political clout than you do .
Addendum :
“ This is a good start by the federal government , ” said Thomas Atteberry , who helps manage $ 3.5 billion in fixed - income assets at First Pacific Advisors in Los Angeles .
Still unknown , he said , is whether the government cash will “ make it palatable for new investors to come in . ”
I can understand your cynical comment asking how many GMAC bonds does First Pacific Advisors own .
As a partner at the firm , Co Portfolio Manager of the FPA New Income Fund , and Portfolio Manager for the firm 's fixed income accounts we do not own any GMAC or GM bonds nor have we owned them in the past .
As an aside the reporter for Bloomberg asked me the same question .
I assume because my answer is none he felt no need to mention that fact in his article .
Our firm is not a proponent of government bail outs of private industry which in today 's society is a minority view .
If the government decides to bail out an industry the least it can do is set the situation up where it could attract private capital and thus enable the government to exit the transaction .
In the case of GMAC I doubt that will happen .
In the case of AIG the government at least asked the CEO to leave .
In this case there is no management change request or new board .
In both cases the management and board of GMAC ran the company into the ground .
I would submit that the same is true for GM .
I am surprised to see little mentioned about a strong need to replace management .
Under new management maybe new private capital could be attracted to the company .
With the same old management in place that created the problem why would a new investor put a dime into either company .
Finally we should be asking the question why was Cerberus allowed to continue to have an equity stake .
At a minimum the taxpayer or a new equity owner should be put in place and the Cerberus position reduced to " 0 " .
This Christmas will be less blue than expected for investment bankers – their year - end bonuses are getting a boost from the government ’s financial rescue , a new report says .
Rank - and - file bankers were on track to see as much as 70 percent drops in their traditional yearly bonuses because of sour results on Wall Street , Time magazine reports in its latest issue .
But the federal government ’s efforts to inject capital into investment firms – which can apply the effect of such efforts to bonuses – means those bankers will see around a 40 percent drop in those bonuses .
However , firms that tap into the government aid are limited to what they can pay top execs .
“ Year - end pay on Wall Street will be higher than it would have been had it not been for the government , ” said Alan Johnson , a compensation expert quoted by Time .
Johnson predicted that a typical managing director at an investment bank will receive a bonus of $ 625,000 – down from $ 1.1 million last year .
dan.mangan@nypost.com
While they 're not over yet , this year 's National Football League playoffs have already produced one spectacle for the ages : the remarkable ability of Arizona Cardinals ' wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald to pluck passes out of the sky .
As the Cardinals prepare to face Philadelphia in Sunday 's NFC championship game , Mr. Fitzgerald 's acrobatics are the talk of the NFL .
They have also stirred up a mystery : in photographs , Mr. Fitzgerald can often be seen doing something almost unfathomable : making catches with his eyes closed .
" I do n't understand it myself , " he says .
On paper , Mr. Fitzgerald is not an extraordinary athlete .
He 's not the tallest receiver in the NFL or the best leaper .
His 40 - yard - dash time of 4.63 seconds at the 2004 NFL scouting combine is mediocre for the position .
To explain his 1,431 yards receiving this season and his ability to haul in footballs with one hand or hold on to them while being pounded by defenders , most analysts say he must have soft hands , great timing or excellent body positioning .
But after 20 years of studying the eyes of elite athletes , and after taking into account two unusual opportunities Mr. Fitzgerald had as a child , one prominent researcher believes his catching talent has less to do with his hands and feet than his eyes and brain .
The two catalysts for Mr. Fitzgerald 's success may , in fact , be his stint as a teenage ballboy for the Minnesota Vikings and the summer days he spent at his grandfather 's optometry clinic .
Joan Vickers , a cognitive psychologist at the University of Calgary , studies the eye movements of elite hockey goaltenders , baseball hitters , and tennis and volleyball players by having them play while wearing special goggles equipped with cameras that film their eyes .
After watching Mr. Fitzgerald 's 166 - yard performance against the Carolina Panthers last week on television , she believes his talent reflects a mastery of two cognitive skills she has observed -- one called " the quiet eye " and another known as " predictive control . "
A recent Hacker News submission asked what an " acceptable " cross - platform GUI toolkit would be .
It discusses common complaints about the existing toolkits GTK + , Qt , Tk , and wxWidgets .
It suggests creating a new toolkit with the qualities of being written in C , keeping it simple , LGPL licensing , easily skinnable for different OS 's , binding for scripting languages , and be " simple and easy to use " .
Good news !
I know of an existing GUI toolkit that fits this bill .
Its written and extensible in C/ C++ , has liberal licensing , is very skinnable , has bindings for JavaScript , Python , Java , Perl , and Ruby , and lots of existing open source code that you can learn from .
It even has a large , mixed platform install base , so you know that the bugs are minimal .
Its based on an object brokering system called XPCOM , and an application framework called Mozilla , but often goes by the name Firefox .
Given the popularity of web applications in the startup community , Firefox seems like an obvious option for desktop apps .
Yet it has n't caught on , and I 'm not sure why .
I recently worked on a desktop application for my day job .
Given their limited interface goals and a game - oriented 3d engine , they had decided to write the interface directly in OpenGL .
It was difficult to design interfaces like that , so I did a prototype integration with wxPython .
That worked well enough to start real product development , during which I realized that wxPython had many of the " cross - platform toolkit " woes like needless internal complexity , difficulty in writing new components , and general ugliness .
I spent some time contemplating how people wrote successful cross platform desktop applications , and the two things that struck me were ( a ) there are n't many , ( b ) except Firefox , ( c ) and this might underly the popularity of web applications .
So I did a new prototype using Firefox with a XUL user interface .
What I found was that Firefox worked out great as a standalone application with modular code design , but it was difficult to write good interfaces in XUL .
XUL seems to be well tested only as far as the functionality in Firefox is concerned .
We switched to Ext - JS , started pretending to be web app devs , and got down to implementing features .
Writing a desktop app based on XULRunner has some interesting side - effects .
For one , it makes retargeting your code as a web application or Firefox plugin really easy .
It also lets you develop using a variety of hacker friendly languages .
Like programming in lisp , it changes your perspective on how applications should be developed , and makes questions like " which UI toolkit is the best ? " seem fundamentally flawed .
In an age when Apple is rewriting their apps to run in a browser ( and still look and feel like desktop apps ) , is n't writing a code against a desktop UI toolkit fighting the tide ?
Google pushed an impressive new Chrome update into the developer channel on Thursday .
This experimental prerelease , which is labeled version 2.0.156.1 , gives users a first look at some of the items that are the focus of the developers working on Chrome 2.0 .
Chrome is an open source web browser that is built on Apple 's WebKit rendering engine .
When Google launched the first release of Chrome last year , it was surprisingly polished but it lacked a handful of critical features .
Google has moved swiftly to close the functionality gap by adding a bookmark manager and other improvements .
Unlike much of Google 's other software , Chrome did n't stay in beta for very long .
It got the 1.0 treatment last month and Google is already courting OEMs with the aim of getting it preinstalled on new PCs so it can reach users as soon as possible .
Now that the 1.0 version is out the door , Google is leaping ahead and beginning work on a major 2.0 release .
The new version that was pushed into the developer channel on Thursday — which includes several significant rendering enhancements , new user interface features , augmented extensibility , and a number of other nice additions — demonstrates Google 's commitment to making Chrome a serious contender on the desktop .
Google makes Chrome available to end users through three separate channels : stable , beta , and developer preview .
The stable channel , which is used by default , provides heavily tested , stable updates .
The beta channel , which is generally updated on a monthly basis , has complete features that need widespread user testing before they are suitable for the stable channel .
The developer preview channel , which is a bit like Mozilla 's Minefield builds , is used for testing experimental features that are not necessarily complete .
To switch to the beta or developer channel , users will need the Chrome Channel Changer tool , which is available from the Chromium web site .
The new 2.0.x builds are currently only available through the developer channel .
New features
The new version uses a more recent revision of WebKit that has support for some of Apple 's impressive non-standard CSS features , including gradients , reflections , and masks .
These features are still a work - in - progress .
I conducted extensive tests and found several corner cases that exhibited bugs .
For example , Chrome renders black when it is supposed to draw a transparent gradient in a reflection .
The following example compares the rendering in Chrome ( the top one ) with the rendering in the WebKit / GTK + port that I use on Linux .
The transparent gradient is supposed to fade to the page background color , which is white :
The most significant user interface enhancement in the new Chrome update is support for edge docking .
When a tab is dragged to the top of the screen , it snaps into place as a maximized window .
When the user drags a tab to any other screen edge , it will dock in that region and fill half of the screen .
This feature is clearly designed to mimic the equivalent window management functionality in Windows 7 , but the implementation is n't quite as good yet .
When you drag a Chrome window out of a docked position , it will not revert to its previous size .
An exciting extensibility improvement in this release is support for user scripting .
This feature , which is intended to be loosely interoperable with Firefox 's Greasemonkey , allows users to apply custom JavaScript behaviors to pages that are loaded in the browser .
This feature is still at a very early stage of development and it's not enabled by default .
In order to turn on user scripting , you have to execute Chrome with the — enable - user - scripts flag .
You also have to create a scripts directory in your Chrome data path .
There are a few other nice features in this release that are worth a quick mention , including support for full page zoom , form autocompletion , support for importing ( but not synchronizing ) Google Bookmarks , and middle - click drag scrolling .
The new version also includes a few major changes under the hood .
The Chrome developers are moving away from using the WinHTTP library and are working on a platform - neutral alternative that will make Chrome easier to port to other operating systems .
Full page zoom
Google is making very impressive progress with Chrome and the new features introduced in 2.0.156.1 are a great first step towards a 2.0 release .
It 's clear that Google takes Chrome very seriously and aims to make it a mainstream success .
For more details , check out the release notes and the official announcement .
" We 're on the chopping block , " said Susan Borders , director of the library at 10th and Main streets , near the Southwest Philly border .
" We thought we may have had four years left , but after going over our finances , we only have this year . "
A man who lost his job and was harassed by strangers after his infidelity to his late wife was detailed online has won China 's first case against Internet vigilantism , the China Daily said on Friday .
A Beijing court ruled Wang Fei's reputation had been damaged by his late wife 's university classmate , Zhang Leyi , who posted online the diary excerpts she wrote months before she killed herself , and by the internet company that hosted the comments .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" As Zhang was spreading the details of the affair , he also gave out details of Wang 's real name , name of his company and even family addresses , which infringed the plaintiff 's privacy rights , " the chief judge said .
Zhang was ordered to pay Wang 5,000 yuan ( £ 484 ) and the Beijing Lingyun Interactive Information and Technology , was ordered to pay 3,000 yuan .
He said he began the website that carried the diary narrating ( Wang 's wife ) Jiang 's misery after discovering her husband 's adultery two months earlier , to " commemorate Jiang 's death and help bring her justice . "
Internet users angered by the story mounted a cyber manhunt for the twenty - something Wang , mobilizing the phenomenon known in China as the " human flesh search engine . "
Wang was reportedly forced to resign , and had trouble finding another job , after strangers tracked him down and contacted the companies where he and his lover worked , the paper said .
Expletives were painted on his parents ' door , and his photos , addresses , and phone numbers were made public online .
China 's 290 million - odd Internet users have claimed the scalps of several government officials through such disclosures in recent years .
Last month , China 's transport ministry fired an official for manhandling an 11 - year - old girl at a local restaurant , after Internet users posted images and his personal details online .
However the online mob's harassment of more mundane characters involved in domestic disputes has left academics bemoaning China 's weak privacy laws .
University of Wisconsin Police responded to calls on two consecutive nights as Madison ’s winter wonderland was transformed into a massive snowball fight outside Sellery and Ogg Halls .
After approximately 200 UW students , comprised primarily of residents from Sellery and Ogg , slung snow across Dayton Street late Monday night , they battled again on Tuesday .
A Tuesday Facebook event advertising the second fight drew a much larger and less cooperative crowd than on Monday .
Police tried multiple times to prevent the unresponsive combatants from crossing the street to attack each other with snowballs .
At around 11:30 p.m. Tuesday night , a Big Ten Network semi- truck was directed to block the road , pushing back several participants and allowing police to disperse the crowd .
“ It ’s unsafe for everyone that ’s around here for them to come out here on subsequent nights , ” UWPD Sgt. Ruth Ewing said .
“ It is a waste of our time when trying to be productive to stop other things that are going on . ”
It was unclear if any citations were distributed on Tuesday , but some house fellows from Ogg were threatening students with write - ups from University Housing .
According to UWPD Sgt. Jason
Whitney , the Monday blizzard barrage caused complaints as well , resulting in the arrest of one UW student who received an underage drinking citation .
“ One person ended up getting cited for underage drinking based on his aggressive behavior , and there were no injuries , ” Whitney said .
“ He was engaged in the snowball fighting , but that was not the reason he received the citation . ”
According to Whitney , having a snowball fight is legal in Wisconsin , but when snowballs are thrown at property or cars in the road , citations can be written .
It was complaints of these illegal actions that triggered the police response .
“ There was a point where a cab drove by and a bunch of people threw snowballs at it , ” UW sophomore Konrad Krebs said .
“ The cabbie was n’t pleased and got out to chase an individual into the Ogg yard . ”
Krebs said it was incidents like these which resulted in Monday ’s attempt by UWPD to block off Dayton Street to prevent more cars from being hit by the onslaught of snowballs .
Beside the complaints and single arrest , there was also some hostility between members of the two residence halls involved in both fights .
UW sophomore Bill Buecksler recalls patrons of Ogg chanting “ norovirus , ” in reference to the recent outbreak of the illness that likely started in Sellery .
Other than the complaints and the single arrest , Monday ’s fight , which was “ bigger than the Battle at Thermopylae , ” according to Buecksler , did not get too out of hand for how big it was .
However , Tuesday ’s fight , which was bigger and more violent , causing more reason for concern .
Whitney said Tuesday afternoon if Monday night ’s events happen again , UWPD would have to get University Housing and the Offices of the Dean of Students involved .
Whitney was not in the office Tuesday night .
The organizer of the Facebook event , which had 601 confirmed guests , is attempting to sell shirts commemorating the battle .
Let 's tax everything !
Share
This :
This will only get worse in 2009 .
Much , much worse .
Plan and act right now to protect the quality of life for yourself and your family .
The quality of your life is not the amount of money you make .
It is the level of comfort ( the food , the shelter , etc. ) you can sustain and that level can come largely from " alternative financing " rather than from an official pay stub .
Indeed , as long as you sustain a reasonable comfort level - what used to be called ' middle / working class ' -- the lower your official wage the better because , then , your taxes will also be lower .
This is not merely a frugal measure .
It is a line drawn in the sand by which I say " NO ! " to the State .
I am mad as hell at having to support with my own life -- which is what my time / labor constitute -- the thieves , hyprocites and parasites who are politicians and the others who slurp from the public trough .
No. No. No .
An iPod state and local tax for " digitally delivered entertainment " - e.g. a song you download .
State sales tax on movie theaters , sporting events , taxis , buses , limousines , cable and satellite TV and radio .
Repeal of the 8 - cents - per - gallon sales tax cap on motor and diesel motor fuel ; an increase in the auto rental tax .
Tuition increases at SUNY and CUNY , $ 620 and $ 600 a year respectively .
A 50 cent tax on cigars .
The current tax equals 37 % of the wholesale price .
Eliminating tax break on clothes / shoes worth $ 110 or less .
Higher taxes on wine , beer and flavored malt beverages .
18 % tax on non-nutritional drinks -- e.g. soda .
An additional 5 % tax on cars costing more than $ 60,000 , aircraft ( $ 500,000 + ) , yachts ( $ 200,000 = ) and jewelry / furs ( $ 20,000 + ) .
A host of a fee hikes , including ones related to vehicle licensing / registration , parks and auto insurance , ; a hike in various state fines .
Meanwhile , with a 16 billion dollar deficit , Gov. Paterson has announced " 521 layoffs . "
Wow .
Out of 250,000 state workers , including employees who track the migration of squirrels , he can cut only 1 out of every 480 jobs ? .
Note that Paterson calls " a 1 % increase " a cut .
That is political speak .
I remember how Murray Rothbard used to rail against the idea that a decrease in a tax increase was called a cut .
He used pound the table twice as he squawked out in a Brooklynese accent , " Ah...sweetie , what we really need is a cut- cut " -- meaning a decrease - decrease ... you know , an actual cut .
Note also the Paterson is running the Kidney Machine Gambit -- that is , cutting schools , hospitals , and nursing homes .
In
A commentator on the New York Post wrote , The State of New York drove me out of business with laws that were enacted just to generate money for the state .
I took a business that was handed down from my grandfather to my father to me and I tried to comply with the mass of regulations that were imposed and was unable to do so .
I have been back in New York to visit and have to say that now I could not live there .
Tannersville / Hunter is a mere ghost town of what it once was .
With the income tax , property tax , and sales tax from the state of New York I would have to make twice what I make here just to maintain the standard of living I enjoy here .
I own 150 acres in the Catskills that I will be forced to sell just because I am tired of paying property taxes for a school I attended thirty years ago .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
An indication of what to expect everywhere you turn in 2009 : The New York Daily News reports on the following increases ( among others ) that will make waking in the morning more expensive for residents of New York State : Meanwhile , with a 16 billion dollar deficit , Gov. Paterson has announced " 521 layoffs . "
Wow .
Out of 250,000 state workers , including employees who track the migration of squirrels , he can cut only 1 out of every 480 jobs ?
. Note that Paterson calls " a 1 % increase " a cut .
That is political speak .
I remember how Murray Rothbard used to rail against the idea that a decrease in a tax increase was called a cut .
He used pound the table twice as he squawked out in a Brooklynese accent , " Ah...sweetie , what we really need is a cut- cut " -- meaning a decrease - decrease ... you know , an actual cut .
Note also the Paterson is running the Kidney Machine Gambit -- that is , cutting schools , hospitals , and nursing homes .
In an earlier blog post brad describes this political ploy :
When confronted with the need to cut the budget , a bureaucrat or a politician will always begin with the " essential " services -- like schools or hospitals or kidney ( dialysis ) machines -- rather than the Transgender Interpretive Arts Center or the Hair Stylists Licensing Authority * or some such disposable thing .
This , of course , provokes predictable howls of outrage from the public -- " people will die if you cut the budget ! " -- and leads to the public demanding that the budget not be cut .
A commentator on the New York Post wrote , The State of New York drove me out of business with laws that were enacted just to generate money for the state .
I took a business that was handed down from my grandfather to my father to me and I tried to comply with the mass of regulations that were imposed and was unable to do so .
I have been back in New York to visit and have to say that now I could not live there .
Tannersville / Hunter is a mere ghost town of what it once was .
With the income tax , property tax , and sales tax from the state of New York I would have to make twice what I make here just to maintain the standard of living I enjoy here .
I own 150 acres in the Catskills that I will be forced to sell just because I am tired of paying property taxes for a school I attended thirty years ago .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Thursday 18 December 2008 - 16:43:30 - Permalink
Yet another reason I advocate " alternative " means of financing your life -- e.g. barter , self - sufficiency , the gray - market , agorism , frugality , freecycling and other freebie networks etc. -- is that these areas of endeavor still function without being taxed to death .
You can get the full value of your labor if you barter it ; you can acquire a ' new ' computer for free if you are willing to offer useable goods from your own basement or attic on the lists where such goods are exchanged .
You can sell simply for what people are willing to pay if you do so privately or carefully in certain venues .
As it stands now , the State ( at every level ) is literally willing to tax the food off your tables and the clothes off your children 's backs ..
Much , much worse .
Plan and act right now to protect the quality of life for yourself and your family .
The quality of your life is not the amount of money you make .
It is the level of comfort ( the food , the shelter , etc. ) you can sustain and that level can come largely from " alternative financing " rather than from an official pay stub .
Indeed , as long as you sustain a reasonable comfort level - what used to be called ' middle / working class ' -- the lower your official wage the better because , then , your taxes will also be lower .
This is not merely a frugal measure .
It is a line drawn in the sand by which I say " NO ! " to the State .
I am mad as hell at having to support with my own life -- which is what my time / labor constitute -- the thieves , hyprocites and parasites who are politicians and the others who slurp from the public trough .
No. No. No .
1 Tu Jin-Sheng : Pulls a Truck with his Penis
As Kung Fu magazine puts it : “ When a man can tow a truck with his genitals , that ’s all anyone ever really remembers about him . ”
Tu Jin-Sheng , a 50 - year - old man from Taiwan , is a martial arts grandmaster of Iron Crotch , a branch of Qigong said to have 60,000 followers worldwide .
On 2005 , he attached his penis to a truck for a demonstration , and pulled it several yards across a car park in Fremont .
About 20 people , most of whom study Qigong , the ancient Chinese art of movement and breathing to increase energy , gathered for the truck pull .
Its practitioners are known to lift hundreds of pounds with their genitals to increase energy and sexual performance .
The truck demonstration was made for a British crew filming the documentary “ Penis Envy ” shown below , it ’s a must - see !
2 Miroslaw Magola : Moves objects with his Mind
“ Remember , there is no spoon ” .
Just like that kid from “ The Matrix ” movie , Miroslaw Magola – The “ Magnetic Man ” – defies laws of gravity with an extraordinary ability — applying the power of psycho kinesis he can raise anything from metal pans to marble statues , transport them through the air to affix to his body , then creates a force to keep them there — simply using mind control .
An avid enthusiast of the phenomenon of psychic energy , Miroslaw has developed his skill to manipulate lifeless objects in mid-air to obey his will , even forcing them spin around or shake .
His mental powers are so keen that he can jump around while an object is stuck to his head without losing his mental grasp of the item .
Miroslaw explains how he employs psycho kinetics to perform these uncanny feats , “ It works because I load myself with energy ( I connect myself to it ) and at the same time I wish for the object to raise . ”
Miroslaw has undergone numerous tests for his perplexing skill which remains unexplained by conventional science to date .
Although Miroslaw Magola is gifted with some of the strangest abilities in the world which are generally regarded as paranormal , his book is filled with protests against exactly this form of categorization .
He deals with and discusses things ‘ beyond our world , ’ yet describes himself as a radical rationalist and insists on his normality .
NOTE : Although writer James Randi has discredited Magola , the “ magnetic man ” has responded as well
3 Manjit Singh : Pulls a Jet with his Ears
57 year - old Manjit Singh , called the “ Ironman ” , holds more than 30 world records including pulling a double decker bus with his hair , lifting 85 kg with his ears , and of course , pulling a Jet also with his ears !
On April 2007 , Ironman pulled the aircraft - weighting approximately 7.4 tonnes - 12ft along the apron at East Midlands Airport , UK .
Speaking after the record attempt , he said : “ I do n’t feel too bad , I have a little bit of pain around the ears but I ’m ok . ”
The attempt raised money for his charity Manjit Fitness , which aims to get children living in his native Mahilpur , India involved in sport .
4 Ru Anting : Writes with his Tears
56 year - old Ru Anting , Luoyang in China , has a very special talent : he can write calligraphy with water he shoots from his eyes .
After sucking up some water with his nose , he then sprays it through his tear ducts , ending up on the paper .
Ru discovered his unusual talent as a child while swimming in the river .
“ Sometimes I would swallow water while swimming , and once I accidentally discovered the water I swallowed could be shot out through my eyes .
My friends were all shocked to see it , ” he said .
But it was n’t until the 1990s , when Ru lost his job in a local fertilizer factory after more than 20 years , that he began to develop his unusual talent .
After three years of intensive training , he found he could shoot water accurately up to 10ft from his eyes at will .
5 Michel Lotito : Eats Everything
French entertainer Michel Lotito is known as Monsieur Mangetout ( Mister Eat - it - all ) .
As a famous consumer of undigestables , Lotito ’s performances are the consumption of metal , glass , rubber and so on in items such as bicycles , televisions , a Cessna 150 , and smaller items which are disassembled , cut - up and swallowed .
The aircraft took roughly two years to be ‘ eaten ’ from 1978 to 1980 .
He began eating unusual material while a child and has been performing publicly since 1966 .
Lotito does not often suffer from ill - effects due to his diet , even after the consumption of materials usually considered poisonous .
When performing he consumes around a kilogram of material daily , preceding it with mineral oil and drinking considerable quantities of water during the ‘ meal ’ .
He apparently possesses a stomach and intestine with walls of twice the expected thickness , and his digestive acids are , allegedly , unusually powerful , allowing him to digest a certain portion of his metallic meals .
6 Thai Ngoc : Needs no Sleep
Sixty - four - year - old Thai Ngoc , a vietnamese farmer , is known around the world for a unique talent : he needs no sleep .
After getting a fever in 1973 , we has n’t been able to sleep and has counted infinite numbers of sheep during more than 11,700 consecutive sleepless nights .
“ I do n’t know whether the insomnia has impacted my health or not .
But I ’m still healthy and can farm normally like others , ” Ngoc said .
Proving his health , the elderly resident of Que Trung commune , Que Son district said he can carry two 50kg bags of fertilizer down 4 km of road to return home every day .
Ngoc currently lives on his 5 ha farm at the foot of a mountain busy with farming and taking care of pigs and chickens all day .
His six children live at their house in Que Trung .
Ngoc often does extra farm work or guards his farm at night to prevent theft , saying he used three months of sleepless nights to dig two large ponds to raise fish .
7 Zhang Quan : Claps as Loud as a Helicopter
70 year - old Zhang Quan is hoping to get into the record books – by clapping his hands .
His claps measured 107 decibels , just three decibels lower than whirling helicopter blades .
The bad news ?
local environmental protection officials say Zhang is so loud , he could face arrest for noise pollution if he claps too often .
8 Wei Mingtang : Blows up Balloons with his Ears
Wei Mingtang , 55 , is a factory worker from Guilin city , in Guangxi province , China .
About 30 years ago he discovered his ears leaked air , so he came up with the idea of using his ears and a pipe for his - now famous - act : inflate balloons with his ears !
On a recent city Spring Festival Party , Wei also blew out 20 candles in a line within 20 seconds using a hose leading out from his ears .
9 Claudio Pinto : Pops both of his Eyes
48 - year - old brazilian man Claudio Pinto hopes for a place in the record books for an amazing talent : he can pop both eyes 95 % out of their sockets .
Pinto has undergone various tests and doctors say they have never seen or heard of a person who can pop the eyes as much as him .
The man from Belo Horizonte , said : “ It is a pretty easy way to make money .
I can pop my eyes out four centimetres each , it is a gift from God , I feel blessed . ”
10 Paul Oldfield : World ’s Only Flatulist
Mr Methane , alias former train driver Paul Oldfield , claims to be the only performing professional flatulist in the world , or more precisely , a “ professional farter ” .
His ‘ talent ’ came to light when he accompanied his sister in yoga practice .
There , he discovered – to his surprise and delight – that he was able to take in air through the rear , retain it , and then expel it as and when he chose .
At first , it was nothing more than a party trick to entertain fellow railwaymen , but eventually Mr Methane found that by careful control , he could pick out a simple tune .
He gradually expanded his repertoire , which now ranges from Strauss ’s Blue Danube waltz through to Kylie Minogue ’s I Should Be So Lucky .
Then , on 1991 , he left his job at British Rail and devoted himself to his new entertainment career .
On stage , he wears a bright green - and - purple skin - tight costume with cape and mask , looking like a superhero , and travels around the world with his act .
# 626249 +( 2856 ) - [ X ]
< Handy >
There are 2 kinds of people in the world .
< Handy > 1 . Those who need closure .
< Marko >
And ?
< DavyP > AND ?
Over the last few weeks , much of the industry ’s attention has been focused on the struggles of the world ’s biggest carmakers .
However , Saab ’s plight is perhaps the best example of the complexities of untangling the globalised car market .
20 years after buying 50 percent of Saab and just nine years after taking 100 percent control , GM seems to have finally abandoned Saab .
Bob Lutz , GM ’s ‘ product czar ’ was quoted today as saying
" Frankly they 've [ Saab ] been on GM life support .
It 's just an unending string of losses and the hope is always with the next generation of products they 'll make money but when you look at the financial results it 's just never happened . "
GM boss Rick Wagoner also said plans for the sale of Saab are ‘ moving along , ’ and GM has found interested parties .
Apparently one investor came calling late last year , but GM conceded the company was in no organizational state to be sold .
Meanwhile , behind the scenes in Detroit , Saab management has been meeting with GM bosses and members of the Swedish government in an attempt to unpick GM ’s ownership of Saab .
While the aim is to build a viable Swedish - based business , Saab ’s problems are multi-dimensional .
First , they do n’t have the money to bring the new 9 - 4X SUV and 9 - 5 to market .
The Swedish government has loans on the table but will only dish them out if Saab has a good forward plan and if the money will only be used in Sweden .
And here ’s the big hurdle .
The new 9 - 5 was to be built in Germany by Opel .
The 9 - 4x SUV will be made in Mexico and the 9 - 3 cabriolet is currently built in Austria .
Insiders suggest that Saab will be flat out over the next couple of months to cook up a plan that brings 9 - 3 cabriolet production back to Sweden and then converts the Trollhatten factory to build the new 9 - 5 ( which means shifting industrial equipment from Germany ) .
When that ’s figured out , Government loans should then be available to finish the development work on the 9 - 5 and get the car launched in less than a year .
And once that ’s underway , GM can then seriously look for a new owner for the company .
A buyer who , by the way , has the resources to build ( or buy ) a world - class compact platform with which to underpin the next 9 - 3 .
So spare a thought for Saab ’s managers .
They have until March at the latest to present a viable business plan to the Swedish government .
Building an Acoustic Guitar in your Kitchen
This blog is intended to show that it is possible to design and build an acoustic guitar with minimal tools without a dedicated workshop .
I tried to document the construction process with photos and brief descriptions of each step ; hopefully this site may help answer questions for beginners or may point others to some of the useful sites I have linked to this blog .
Analysis
Last week , connectivity - hardware maker Belkin admitted that one of its employees had been using Amazon 's Mechanical Turk hiring service to pay for positive - and false - reviews of Belkin products .
While we congratulate Belkin for quickly admitting its employee 's unethical behavior , and while we can only assume that said employee - identified by Engadget as bizdev rep Michael Bayard - has either joined the growing ranks of the unemployed or is now on a very short leash , the entire affair raises a larger question :
How reliable are user - generated reviews , anyway ?
More specifically , how can an online reviews service ensure that the product evaluations its users contribute are n't tainted by self - serving bias ?
After speaking with spokesfolks from a selection of online reviews sites , we 've concluded that there 's no way user - generated reviews can be guaranteed 100 per cent accurate .
But we 've also concluded that this is OK .
Sorta .
Wisdom of crowds or stupidity of mobs ?
User - generated content ( UGC ) is the bedrock of Web 2.0 .
Videos on YouTube , photos on Flickr , recipes on Recipezaar ( " Choose from 341,000 member - contributed recipes " ) - the intertubes are stuffed with the creativity , considered commentary , and crackpot craziness of literally millions of UGCers .
Such participation is all well and good .
But when you want an authoritative product recommendation before making a purchase , which would you prefer as your guide - expert analysis from an experienced reviewer or a consensus opinion derived from " The Wisdom of Crowds " ?
Or both ?
Some product evaluation websites , such as Yelp and Epinions , rely exclusively on UGC reviews .
Others , most prominently Amazon , mix UCG with " Editorial Reviews " .
Still others - Digital Photography Review , Macworld , Consumer Reports , and many , many more - select and vet experts before publishing their often comprehensive analyses .
One clear advantage to the site choosing to host UGC reviews is cost .
The Us Ging the C offer their opinions for free , while expert reviewers are paid for their time and trouble .
But there are three other less mercenary advantages to UGC reviews : breadth of coverage , the averaging of bias , and community - based expertise .
Take Yelp , for example , which publishes UGC reviews of over 20 categories of businesses and services in over 160 US cities .
A single city can have thousands of reviews - San Francisco , for example , currently has 26,409 UGC reviews of everything from fondue restaurants to dog walkers .
No expert review site could come close to that reach .
Such an enormous collection of reviews also provides a large UGC site with some protection against spurious reviews by their sheer volume .
On Amazon , for example , JK Rowling 's Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire has 5,180 UGC reviews .
Even if you agree with the 75 reviewers who gave that book one star , it 's still instructive to know that 4,402 others gave it five stars .
Then there 's the intimate , streetwise smarts that come from living in a community whose offerings are being reviewed , such as those 26K - plus San Francisco reviewers .
According to Stephanie Ichinose of Yelp , " Our posters take a certain amount of pride in the reviews they post , and in their community - New York , Chicago , San Francisco , and the rest . "
But there 's an even more important aspect of community : the desire for a UGC community to police itself to keep bad apples out of its beloved barrel .
As Ichinose says , " The community self - polices themselves .
If someone spots a review they think is inappropriate , they submit a note to our customer - service team . "
Patty Smith of Amazon agrees , saying " Over time , the marketplace will out false reviews as ' unhelpful ' , " referring to how Amazon allows UGC reviewers to review not only products , but also each other .
Thanks to an ingenious new strategy devised by researchers at University of California , Davis and Intel Corporation , computer network administrators might soon be able to mount effective , low - cost defenses against self - propagating infectious programs known as worms .
Many computers are already equipped with software that can detect when another computer is attempting to attack it .
Yet the software usually cannot identify newly - minted worms that do not share features with earlier marauders .
When network managers detect suspicious activity , they face a major dilemma , said Senthil Cheetancheri , who led efforts to develop the strategy .
" The question is , ' Should I shut down the network and risk losing business for a couple of hours for what could be a false alarm , or should I keep it running and risk getting infected ? ' "
Cheetancheri , a graduate student in the Computer Security Laboratory at UC Davis when he did the work , has shown that the conundrum can be overcome by enabling computers to share information about anomalous activity .
As signals come in from other machines in the network , each computer compiles the data to continually calculate the probability that a worm attack is underway .
" One suspicious activity in a network with 100 computers can't tell you much , " he said .
" But when you see half a dozen activities and counting , you know that something 's happening . "
The second part of the strategy is an algorithm that weighs the cost of a computer being disconnected from the network against the cost of it being infected by a worm .
Results of this ongoing process depend on the calculated probability of an attack , and vary from computer to computer depending on what the machine is used for .
The algorithm triggers a toggle to disconnect the computer whenever the cost of infection outweighs the benefit of staying online , and vice versa .
The computer used by a person working with online sales , for example , might be disconnected only when the threat of an attack is virtually certain ; the benefit she provides by continuing to work during false alarms far outweighs the cost of infection .
On the other hand , a computer used by a copy writer who can complete various tasks offline might disconnect whenever the probability of an attack rises above even a very low level .
The study is published in " Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection , 2008 , " the proceedings of a symposium that was held in Cambridge , Mass . , in September , 2008 .
Other contributors to the study are John - Mark Agosta with Intel Corporation ; Jeff Rowe , research scientist in the UC Davis Computer Security Laboratory ; and UC Davis computer science professors Karl Levitt and Felix Wu .
The study was supported by a grant from Intel IT Research .
Nanotubes to Deliver Thinner and Lighter Solar Cells
January 9th , 2009 by Michael Ratliff
A simple chemical process employed by a Cornell University and DuPont research team may pave the way to thinner , lighter and more flexible transistors and solar cells .
The long term goal of the project is to use nanotubes to create an economical electronics material that is just as good as silicon .
When carbon nanotubes are grown in a lab , some are semiconducting ( and suitable for use in electronics ) and others are metallic .
The difficulty of separating the two types of nanotubes has made commercially viable semiconducting nanotube material a costly commodity .
Scientists are now using a relatively simple chemical process called ‘ cyloaddition ’ to produce cheaper semiconducting carbon nanotubes .
Cyloaddition uses fluorine - based molecules to either attack or convert the metal nanotubes without harming the semiconducting tubes .
The procedure is inexpensive and prepares the carbon nanotubes for suspension in semiconducting ink for electronic printing purposes .
Although the work is still in the early stages , researchers believe that the breakthrough may eventually lead to nanotube use in a variety of devices including novel organic photovoltaic structures .
The most exciting aspect of this research is the flexibility and thinness of nanotube semiconducting material .
The team has said that the current material is 100 times more mobile than silicone , which should allow for some extremely creative three - dimensional photovoltaic structures in the future .
Sources : nanotech - now.com | rsc.org Photo Credit : Geoffrey R. Hutchinson
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
ntil not long ago , a standardized multithreading API for C++ was a pipe dream .
Almost every operating system , compiler , and framework rolled their own threading libraries .
These proprietary libraries were complex , non-portable , and did n't support object - oriented idioms such as function objects .
In the following sections , you 'll learn how to create threads and mutexes in the C++0 x fashion .
As multicore processors become predominant , you want to write multithreaded C++ code that 's both efficient and portable .
Migrate to the new C++0 x threading libraries .
Hang By a Thread
At the heart of the new C++0 x threading library lies std :: thread , which provides mechanisms for creating a new thread of execution , waiting for a thread to complete ( this is know as a joining with a thread ) , and querying the state of a thread .
You launch a new thread by instantiating a std:: threadobject initialized with a function :
#include < thread > void spellcheck ( ) ; std :: thread thr ( spellcheck ) ;
The preceding code invokes spellcheck ( ) when it creates thr .
When spellcheck ( ) returns the thread is finished .
std :: thread can take any callable entity as its argument , not just a plain old function .
The following code passes a function objectas an argument :
class spellcheck { void operator ( ) ( ) ; } ; spellcheck sp std :: thread thr (sp ) ;
thr actually gets a copy of sp .
If you do n't want to create copies , wrap the arguments in a reference wrapper :
spellcheck sp ; std :: thread thr ( std::ref(sp ) ) ;
This is all well and good , but how do you pass arguments to the thread function itself ?
In traditional threading frameworks , you 'd typically pack parameters in an opaque pointer .
Fortunately , those days are gone .
std:: threaduses another new C++ feature called variadic templates , which allows you to pass any number of arguments to the thread function :
void spellcheck ( CDocument * p , string slocale , bool igncase ) ; std :: thread thr ( spellcheck , pd , " en_UK " , true ) ;
All the examples above launch a new thread upon initialization .
In some cases you want to create an " empty " thread — one that does not represent a thread of execution .
Although copying threads is n't allowed ( and does n't make any sense either ) , you can movean active thread into an empty thread like this :
std :: thread thr ( spellcheck , pd , " en_UK " , true ) ; std :: thread thr2 ; thr2=std : : move( thr ) ;
Or simply call swap ( ) :
After the collapse of Pride Fighting Champship in 2006 , Fedor Emelianenko had been standing on the sideline for quite some time .
In 2007 , there were Matt Lindland , who was considered as the top middleweight fighter of the world at that time , and Hong Man Choi , a 7 ’ 2 ” giant who knew nothing about fighting , challenged the best heavyweight fighter to ever step onto this planet .
But none of those two posed any danger to the Sambo fighter , as both men almost lost an arm to Fedor .
Then last year , Affliction Entertainment put up a great event for all the MMA fans around the world , with former UFC heavyweight champion Tim Sylvia versus Fedor as the main event .
Sylvia was supposed to be a threat , a tough challenge that Fedor had n’t faced for few years since he last fought Cro Cop in 2005 .
As we were anxiously watching as soon as the fight started , Fedor dropped Sylvia with hard punches coming from left and right , then jumped on his back and finished him with a RNC .
All that happened in just 36 seconds .
This Saturday , we are going see Fedor fight another former UFC heavyweight champion , Andre Arlovski , in Affliction – Day of Reckoning .
This fight is going to be a good test for Fedor , at least this is what I believe .
If Andre can stay on his feet , with his good counter - fighting ability and athleticism , he should be able to survive the onslaught for more than 36 seconds .
Let ’s just hope
Andre could put up a great fight for the fans , because I ’m sure no one wants to see Fedor walks out of the ring in less than a minute again .
[ poll id = ” 14 ″ ]
Affliction – Day of Reckoning L.A. Press Conference
The new site is www.mydoorsign.com/restroom-signs
Use My Account to find past orders .
You 'll find the same great service , ease of ordering and web - best pricing .
Plus , you 'll find many new templates that will make your next custom sign stand out !
Shape CRM helps you manage your business on one easy to use platform .
Shape 's cloud - based software offers dozens of tools designed to manage and automate your online marketing and promotions via email and SMS , capture and service leads from online sources , organize sales pipelines , nurture prospects and customers , create and send professional online documents , accept online payments , run custom reporting , and automate everyday admin tasks .
Shape is the most flexible CRM ever !
( LifeWire ) -- When Suzanne Babb , a 34 - year - old professional organizer from Gilbert , Arizona , is having a bad hair day , she does what many women do .
She calls her best friend .
Psychologist says honest discussions with your spouse and their friend can help make the relationships work .
" I 'll be crying my eyes out and will say , ' I 'm fat and ugly , and I do n't have a boyfriend , ' " she says .
" Then Eric will come over and tell me I 'm pretty , and we 'll watch ' 300 . '
It 's like having all the benefits of a really great husband -- without having to do the laundry . "
Babb is one of many adults whose platonic friendship contradicts the old " When Harry Met Sally " maxim about sex always getting in the way of men and women being buddies .
Though they have been close since high school , Babb says she and Eric have never even kissed .
" It would be like kissing my brother , " she says .
" Ewwwww . "
The ' Harry Met Sally ' myth
Although opposite - sex friends inevitably hook up in movies and on TV ( Chandler and Monica , anyone ? ) , many people think that it is possible to be platonic pals .
Some 83 percent of the people surveyed think that cross - gender friendships can and do exist , according to a 2001 Match.com poll of more than 1,500 members .
And a 2006 study by Canada 's Public Health Agency of nearly 10,000 Canadian children shows that they often start early , with 65 percent of boys and 60 percent of girls declaring three or more close opposite - sex friends by grade 10 .
Eighth - grade math class was where Rob Shore , a 48 - year - old social media consultant from Newport Beach , California , met Andrea .
" I was looking for early teen action , and she snubbed me , " he says .
" So we became friends -- for 35 years . "
Although Shore says his friendship with Andrea has never caused waves with his wife , there have been squalls in the past .
" Before I was married , I had a girlfriend who was unhinged by my friendship with Andrea , " he says . "
Some people can't understand how there can be a relationship without sexual tension . "
Two 's company
Jealousy over an opposite - sex friendship can be the result of projection , says Dr. Bonnie Jacobson , a New York City clinical psychologist and author of " Love Triangles : Seven Steps to Break the Secret Ties That Poison Love . "
" People project onto another person something they would do , " Jacobson says .
" If Tom says to Sally , ' I do n't want you to hang out with Harry , ' it 's very likely Tom feels he would violate that boundary [ if he were in the same situation ] , so he imagines his wife will , too . "
Babb says her first husband was so threatened by her friendship with Eric , he forbade her seeing him for nine years .
After their marriage broke up , she and Eric not only renewed their friendship , they became roommates .
Then Babb fell in love again and decided to get married a second time .
" I told my fiancé that Eric was my best friend , and he was perfectly fine with that , " she says .
" But after we got married , it was like this little switch went off .
He decided my friendship with Eric was a slap in the face and told me , ' Get rid of him or I 'm out of here . '
So I said , ' OK , you 're out of here . '
Our marriage lasted less than a year . "
Sometimes , the opposite happens .
Erica Rabhan , a 26 - year - old public - relations professional from Atlanta , says she 's become very close with her husband 's gal pal , Tamar , whom he met in grade school .
" Some of my friends do n't understand , but it makes me happy that he has someone else that supports him and stands by him , " Rabhan says .
" Now [ Tamar and I ] will get on the phone and gab for hours . "
Perks and pitfalls
Jessica Sabatini , a 31 - year - old life coach from Durham , North Carolina , says she prefers male companionship .
" I love my girlfriends , but I 've always been closer to guys , " she says .
" With women , I feel more judged .
Do I look pretty enough ?
Does my outfit match ?
With a guy , it 's much more relaxed . "
And there are fringe benefits , such as valuable insights into the male mind .
" My friend Marshal is great about explaining the man 's perspective and giving me suggestions whenever I have a conflict with my husband , " Sabatini says .
" That 's been really useful . "
Problems can arise when one friend wants more out of the relationship .
Valerie Faltas , a 29 - year - old property - tax expert from Pasadena , California , says her friendship with a man she met in February was perfect -- until something happened .
" When we first met , I was n't attracted to him at all , but we had such a natural connection that we became really close , " she says .
" And then one day it hit me : I was in love . "
When Faltas came clean about her feelings , things fell apart .
" I acknowledged the elephant in the room , and he totally freaked out , " she says .
" He completely checked out of the friendship . "
Keeping the peace
Balancing friends and lovers ?
Here are some tips for success :
• Do n't make ultimatums .
" Trying to control another person 's behavior never works , " Jacobson says .
" Try to understand the friendship , and what it 's all about . "
• Be honest .
" Never lie about the time you spend with your friend , " Sabatini says .
" If you do n't feel comfortable telling your husband you 're going to hang out , then maybe he has a reason to worry . "
• Socialize as a group .
" Spend time with both your significant other and your friend , " Sabatini says .
" And acknowledge your love for your spouse in front of your friend . "
• Set boundaries .
" If you feel the friend is crossing a line , say something , " Rabhan says .
" Open communication with your significant other is crucial . "
• If you feel threatened , be honest about it .
" Talk to both your significant other and their friend face - to - face , " Jacobson says .
" Tell them you feel left out .
Do n't be accusatory or yell , just be open and honest . "
• Think positive .
" As long as everybody 's on the same page , opposite - sex friends can be fantastic for a couple , " Jacobson says .
" If you make your relationship too exclusive , it can become claustrophobic .
I 'm sure plenty of husbands would love another man to take his wife shopping or to the movies .
It 's less pressure on him . "
LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to web publishers .
Diane Mapes is the author of " How to Date in a Post - Dating World " and writes a column , " Single Shot , " for the Seattle Post - Intelligencer .
All About Dating • Relationships • Marriage
The Ohio Department of Agriculture , along with local authorities , raided a family ’s home and confiscated their food supplies .
The family runs a small food co-op , that they say provides food for friends and neighbors .
Well , apparently that ’s now a criminal offense in the New America .
Police officers used SWAT tactics to burst into the family ’s home and held them at gun point .
They held the family members , including the children , at gunpoint and confiscated their personal food supply and property .
Listen to them tell the story of what happened ….
Intel has announced the availability of the first Moblin 2 alpha release .
Moblin is an open source Linux - based platform that Intel is developing for Atom - based mobile devices .
The company hopes to attract a community of third - party developers to contribute to the platform and target it with their applications .
Moblin has already been adopted by several Linux distributors , including Linpus , GoS , and Mandriva .
These distributors plan to build custom derivatives on top of the Moblin core .
The new alpha release is primarily intended for netbooks , and it is being provided to facilitate broader testing of some of Intel ’s enhancements .
It is still at a very early stage of development , however , and its final user interface is still far from complete .
As a placeholder , it ’s currently running a pretty standard installation of the lightweight Xfce desktop environment .
It includes Pimlico , an open source suite of lightweight PIM applications that were created by OpenedHand .
Xfce will eventually be dropped in favor of a richer and more mobile - friendly user interface that is built with OpenedHand ’s Clutter framework .
Intel acquired OpenedHand last year .
Moblin is largely derived from Fedora , but it has a number of customizations that increase its suitability for mobile devices , including a unique Internet connection manager and improved boot performance .
It ’s designed for Intel - based hardware , particularly netbooks with Atom or Core 2 processors .
According to the release notes , it has been tested and is known to work on the Acer Aspire One and the Dell Mini 9 .
It will also boot on the Asus Eee 901 , but lacks support for the Eee ’s wireless hardware .
The Moblin 2 alpha source code is available from the project ’s version control repository .
Users can generate custom images from the source with the Moblin Image Creator tool .
You can also download prebuilt installable ISO images that can be booted from CD or flash storage media .
I tested it myself on my Mini 9 , and I was impressed by how quickly it booted .
It ’s a pretty good start , but it ’s very clearly still a work in progress , and it ’s not something you want to install on your everyday - use netbook just yet .
Intel is doing some great work under the hood , and it ’s likely that we will see those enhancements being adopted by other distros .
The user experience , however , still lags behind some of the Ubuntu - based netbook distros out there , including the custom Ubuntu flavor that ships on the Dell Mini 9 and third - party options such as Easy Peasy .
When Intel brings a stronger UI to Moblin , it will look a lot more compelling to developers and end users .
For more details , check out the official release announcement and the Moblin documentation .
After completing its annual wolf population estimate , Yellowstone National Park has announced that the number of wolves inside the park has declined by 27 % since the end of 2007 .
124 wolves are now thought to reside in the park , down from 171 .
Is this a normal fluctuation ?
[ social_buttons ]
According to The Salt Lake Tribune , Yellowstone ’s Chief of Wildlife Management says that he thinks it ’s normal .
A similar decrease occurred in 2005 .
Disease was mentioned as a possible explanation for the decline , and will be investigated further by researchers working in the park .
Wolves killing each other is also a mentioned possibility .
Approximately 1500 wolves live in the greater Yellowstone area , a region spanning three states : Idaho , Wyoming , and Montana .
They were re-introduced to Yellowstone in 1995 , after having been eradicated by hunting .
With their reintroduction , increasing pressure has been placed upon federal and state governments to allow hunting of wolves by delisting them as an endangered species .
Although those wolves that kill and eat cattle from ranches in some circumstances can already be hunted legally .
News of the decline is troubling for conservationists like myself , who would eventually like to see some hunting allowed , but only once a sustainable population of wolves has been reached in the greater Yellowstone region .
A 27 % decline in Yellowstone ’s wolves from natural causes ?
I do n’t think we ’ve reached a sustainable population yet .
But that ’s just my opinion .
I could be wrong .
Photo Credit : dobak on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Screenshot of a beta version of Comcast 's bandwidth
usage meter tool ( Credit : DSLreports.com )
For the last few months , Comcast has been transitioning how it monitors and throttles broadband traffic .
DSLreports.com claims that this transition is now complete for all of Comcast 's markets , meaning that Comcast users might see their connection speeds drop if they use too much sustained downstream throughput and they can even potentially lose their service if they exceed Comcast 's monthly broadband cap Comcast previously received quite a bit of flack for throttling the throughput of users who were downloading certain types of data , such as torrent packets .
While torrent traffic can often mean someone is downloading illegal content , that it not always the case -- there is a growing amount of legitimate torrent content .
Comcast decided to transition from this packet - inspection type of network monitoring to one that is content - agnostic .
The new system , which is now in place , monitors the amount of downstream traffic a user consumes and not what that traffic is actually composed of .
The system first monitors the traffic on the cable modem termination system ( CMTS ) ports .
If a particular CMTS port is deemed as " congested , " any users on that port who are " identified as a primary reason why " that port is congested will have their traffic priority downgraded , which can potentially impact their throughput .
By default , most users have a quality - of - service ( QoS ) traffic priority of " Priority Best - Effort " ( PBE ) .
However , if a user is flagged as causing congestion on a CMTS port , that user 's priority changes to " Best - Effort " traffic ( BE ) for a period of time .
DSLreports.com states : Comcast says that sustained use of 70 % of your up or downstream throughput triggers the BE state , at which point you 'll find your traffic priority lowered until your usage drops to 50 % of your provisioned upstream or downstream bandwidth for " a period of approximately 15 minutes . "
A throttled Comcast user being placed in a BE state " may or may not result in the user 's traffic being delayed or , in extreme cases , dropped before PBE traffic is dropped .
"
The downside is that if you are downloading a lot of data at a time when many of your neighbors are online , you might see your connection speeds slow down -- or even drop out entirely -- at least temporarily .
The upside is that you can be as much of a bandwidth hog as you want at any given moment as long as the network can handle your traffic and your neighbors .
This might act as an incentive for users to perform more of their large downloads during off hours .
But even if you never find your throughput temporarily throttled , you are still not out of the woods if you download and / or upload lots of large files .
Do n't forget that Comcast also has a monthly cap of 250 GB of data -- and that 250GB per month is an aggregate of both your downstream and upstream traffic .
Users who go over the limit will receive a warning as well as a suggestion to upgrade their service from a residential to a commercial plan .
Users who go over the 250GB per month twice in a six month period can have their service terminated .
Comcast has promised a bandwidth usage meter tool so that Comcast users can keep track of their usage , but as of yet , the tool has not been released to Comcast customers .
LJ , a student at Mississippi State University , was up late one night writing a paper when her roommate asked her to stop — the noise of her typing was keeping her up .
“ I had a paper to write and i did n’t think I was making enough noise to warrant moving my workstation outside , so , I stayed put , ” LJ says .
“ After she threw a huffing , puffing , tantrum and left to sleep in the lobby , I finished my paper and went to bed . ”
The next morning , she awoke to a bathroom filled with notes like this one :
LJ decided to respond by giving her roomie a little taste of her own medicine .
( Whether the irony was intentional or not , I ’m not quite sure . )
Ah , the joys of dormitory living !
related : oh , the irony
Last week we asked you to tell us about the best keyboard you 've ever used , and the testimonials came pouring in .
Today we 've compiled the most popular keyboards into a handy list for your perusal .
Consider yourself warned : reading the list may lead to you staring balefully at your generic OEM keyboard and wishing you had a keyboard worth waxing poetic about .
Read on to see which keyboards took home the trophies .
Advertisement
Average Price : $ 70 While much has changed in the computing world since the introduction of the IBM Model M keyboard 24 years ago , the iconic keyboard has remained almost entirely unchanged .
The design , through shift of patent holder and production runs , has retained all the qualities readers listed as their reasons for loving the Model M so much .
Most beloved was the tactile feedback provided by a buckling spring , as opposed to a membrane , key system .
The spring system is responsible for the clickety - clack crispness of the keys .
While IBM has long since ceased manufacture of the boards , devoted users have several options .
Scouring old computer shops and forgotten back rooms at the office and such can often lead you to a Model M .
They were built so well many readers noted they had boards still in service from the 1980s .
Alternately you can shop at ClickyKeyboards , a web site devoted to selling new and used vintage Model M keyboards .
The patent for the keyboard changed hands and is currently held by a company called Unicomp .
New Model M style keyboards can be purchased there , ranging from a perfectly faithful reproduction to more modern model types that have a Windows key and eraser head style mouse built in .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Average Price : $ 80 Backlit keys with customizable brightness , built - in LCD display ?
What could you love more about a keyboard ?
For those of you not in the clicky - key club coveted by the Model M users , the more modern Logitech G15 caught your attention .
The built - in LCD is n't just for gamers , although it has support for dozens of games , and there are several mods you can download for the LCD , which makes it display everything from hard drive space to CPU temperature to instant messaging and email notifications .
Visit G15Mods.com and G15 Forums.com for more info on modding your G15 keyboard .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Average Price : $ 50 If a little back - lighting magic is good , then a lot is a recipe to make a top keyboards list .
The Eclipse II has blue , purple , and red adjustable back lighting .
Blood red for slaughtering of your enemies on the Field of Infinite Sorrows and blue for when it 's time to buckle down and write your manifesto .
Many readers showed a distinct preference for the Eclipse I , and were only narrowly edged out by Eclipse II users .
Both groups noted that the keyboard was solid feeling and had strong tactile feedback for a very quiet membrane keyboard .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Average Price : $ 35 Approaching a decade since its first introduction , the split style ergonomic keyboard has a loyal following .
The Microsoft Natural Elite was the only keyboard to make the top of the list with distinctly ergonomic styling taking precedent over flashier features .
Lacking back lighting , extended gaming macros or any other embellishments beyond some USB ports , the lack of bling is easily overlooked by the Natural Elite 's supporters in exchange for comfort and a decrease in the pain of RSI .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Average Price : $ 50 As with all things Apple , readers who voted for the new aluminum Apple keyboard were passionate .
The design is sleek and extremely thin , the surface is easy to clean with no crevices for dust or debris to hide in , and according to the readers who love it the keys are pleasant and responsive despite their extremely low profile .
While some people love the distinct click and longer key travel of older keyboards like the IBM Model M , readers who used the Apple keyboard found that the short key travel and low profile of the keys lead them to type faster and with less overall movement in their hands .
Mileage may vary trying to get the keyboard to work with your PC .
A cursory Google search on the topic revealed that some users found it as easy as plugging it in and having Windows detect it as an Apple keyboard while others found themselves searching for obscure drivers and even going so far as to map out to USB inputs from the keyboard to remap them to the proper keys .
That alone should be a testament to the keyboard itself , its owners going to such lengths to use it .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Average Price : $ 130
Once upon a time , my friends and I took a standard black OEM keyboard and with a bit of patience and a buffing wheel smoothed the lettering right off the keys leaving behind a obsidian testament to our supreme geekdom and ninja - like typing skills .
The fact that someone took that idea and applied it to a rock - solid keyboard with the crisp chops and key travel to make a IBM Model M fan stop and take notice , warms my nerdling heart .
The Das Keyboard comes in two flavors : extra dark with light markings and extra dark without so much as a single labeled key .
Readers who voted for the Das Keyboard voted almost entirely for the unmarked version and universally said that it radically improved their typing skills .
When you can't jog your memory by looking at the keys , a bad habit even excellent typists will sometimes find themselves doing , you have to let your fingers all the work .
If you loved the Model M but would like something more sleek , the solid build and mechanical switches in the Das Keyboard put it miles above a mushy OEM membrane keyboard .
Sound off in the comments below if you have one of the keyboards and love it , or if like me you 've realized that it might be time to swap out the basic keyboard that came with your PC for something a bit more swanky .
In a recent article in Newsweek ( excerpt posted below ) top aides report that Bush was doomed with the American public after Katrina .
But Bush handled Katrina the same way he did everything while President , displaying a total lack of care for people and a genuine disinterest in them and their situations .
But unfortunately Bush is what passed as compassionate conservatism to the American people .
So Just as Sarah Palin ignited much of the conservative base in this last election .
Bush had previously ignited that same base by displaying the same characteristics that the Republican conservatives find so appealing .
A leader that appeals to this base , like Bush and Palin , must display an alarming lack of intellectual curiosity , understanding , and creativity to go with an extreme lack of empathy or compassion .
Unfortunately what the conservative base , and ultimately a great many of the American people , find so appealing contributed to a terrible catastrophe on the Gulf Coast .
It has also contributed to our present economic Katrina .
In the future , the American people , for their own protection , should demand leaders that have genuine feelings for people while also displaying an intellectual capacity .
Article Excerpt :
Palin , the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee whom critics said lacked knowledge about foreign affairs .
When Bush first came into office , he was surrounded by experienced advisers like .... Lawrence Wilkerson , top aide and later chief of staff to former Secretary of State Colin Powell , said that as a new president , Bush was like Alaska Gov. Sarah , the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee whom critics said lacked knowledge about foreign affairs .
When Bush first came into office , he was surrounded by experienced advisers like Vice President Dick Cheney
— The economic trouble that is causing so many headaches is affecting business at the newly opened Raleigh Convention Center , which is n't seeing as many visitors as officials want .
Laurie Okun , director of convention sales , says that so far this year , one group has canceled , another decided to move to a different venue because it is cheaper and two other groups rescheduled .
" The biggest thing that concerns me is not the cancellations ; it 's the lower numbers of people that could be traveling , especially state travel . "
Gov. Bev Perdue recently told all state agencies to cut spending by 7 percent , which could lead to cuts in travel and training spending .
The same policy , Okun fears , will be repeated and will have an impact on how many people will be at conventions this year .
" That 's life , that 's how I look at it , " Okun said .
" If anyone thought about opening this building with no snags , they probably should n't have this job . "
Government events are n't the only ones that could be affected .
The National Agents Alliance , an insurance marketing group , is holding its second event at the center this month .
The event is expected to draw about 2,000 people , but organizers were hoping for more .
" We expected to have up to 25 percent , and we had up to , maybe , 8 percent , " said Andy Albright , the organization 's director .
The $ 221 million Raleigh Convention Center , which opened in September after nine years of planning and construction , is 500,000 square feet .
It has 19 meeting rooms , a grand ballroom and a four - star , 400 room Marriott hotel next door .
The city 's investment was $ 41 million over budget , but city leaders have said they expect it to give a major boost to downtown Raleigh 's rebirth .
They are not , admittedly , the most intimidating of felines for a wildlife photographer to capture .
In fact , with their fluffy coats , bright eyes and soft paws , they 're absolute pussycats .
But these enchanting pictures are a poignant testament to the skill and patience of the woman who captured them , the nature photographer Jane Burton , who died in 2007 after a brave battle against cancer .
Puppy love : Photographer Jane Burton captures a rare moment of affection between a dog and a kitten
Hello kitty : Photos like this one have now been printed in a book called A Cat's Life
Cat nap :
Jane used her skill and patience to capture her pets at the perfect moment
Along with her husband Kim Taylor , Jane adopted and raised more than 60 cats ( along with their two sons ) over the years at their home in Surrey .
With an incredible eye for detail and immovable patience - she sometimes waited for four hours to capture the perfect moment on camera - as well as the courage it took to fight the disease , Jane photographed her beloved pets with their similarly furry friends ( puppies , squirrels and rabbits ) as an antidote to her dangerous missions picturing wildlife in the field .
Now these beautiful images are being printed for the first time in a book , A Cat 's Life , which is also the first volume of Burton 's work to be published since she died aged 74 .
Give us a hug : A squirrel embraces a reluctant kitten
Bedtime : A mother cat carries her kitten in another of Jane 's enchanting shots
Furry friends : Jane , who died from cancer in 2007 , raised more than 60 cats like this one throughout her life
A pioneer in her trade , Jane was one of the early women wildlife photographers to leave Britain for West Africa in 1960 - when Kim's job as an agricultural adviser took them to Nigeria .
Together , they travelled the world and in their spare time made several documentaries , including A Cave Of Bats for ITV and Camera In The Caribbean for the BBC .
But despite having photographed wildlife worldwide , Kim says it was his wife 's ability to capture the nature and character of cats that was her greatest talent .
' Cats are notoriously hard to photograph in the studio , but Jane managed to achieve what many photographers have been unable to do .
Knowing the precise moment to press the shutter was one of her greatest talents . '
Hair - raising : Jane 's husband , Kim Taylor , said one of her greatest talents was knowing the precise moment to press the shutter
Cuddle up : A kitten befriends a rabbit in another of Jane 's photos
Tom and Jerry :
This puppy has found a way to stop his kitten friend walking away
The battery - powered motorbike that does 0 - 60 mph in under ONE SECOND
A blistering new motorbike can blast from 0 to 60 mph in less than a second - using power from the same kind of battery as a cordless drill .
The KillaCycle is powered by a series of more than 1,200 special batteries which are the same as those found in De Walt tools .
The batteries feed two motors which together churn out a whopping 500 bhp and can propel the machine to a top speed of a staggering 168mph .
The KillaCycle is powered by a series of more than 1,200 special batteries
The bike 's makers claim that the G - force which the rider has to contend with is three times more than that faced by a skydiver during freefall .
KillaCycle has now been crowned the world 's fastest battery powered vehicle after hurtling down a quarter of a mile track in under eight seconds .
The silent bike is also totally emission free because its makers use a wind power generator to recharge the batteries .
One charge takes four minutes and will provide enough power to propel the bike to seven runs down a quarter of a mile drag track .
The bike was originally designed and built in 1999 since when it has held the world speed record for completing a quarter of a mile track in the shortest time .
But the record tumbled again in November , last year , when the KillaCycle , being ridden by Scott Pollacheck , blasted down a track in just 7.8 seconds .
The bike batteries feed two motors which together churn out 500 bhp and can propel the machine to a top speed of 168mph
Racing team owner Bill Dube , 55 , said the secret of the bike 's speed is the battery cells , which are made by American firm A123 Systems .
He said : " I used to race my electric Cabriolet car , but I got tired of it breaking on the drag strip .
" I could n't afford to build a dragster so I built a bike instead .
The secret of the KillaCycle is the batteries .
" The powerful nano - phosphate battery cells are what makes the the bike go as fast as it does .
" If you think about it , the KillaCycle is just a giant cordless drill with wheels . "
Mr Dube said the team are now working on a version of the KillaCycle which will be capable of producing an incredible 1,000 bhp .
Mr Dube added : " The KillaCycle is the result of years of effort .
It was the first electric vehicle to break the eight seconds barrier in drag racing in November 2007 .
" And it was the first electric powered vehicle of any kind to go over 150 mph in a quarter of a mile in August 2000 .
" Since then it has been the world 's fastest electric powered vehicle of any kind . "
Watch video footage of the run here ...
Advertisements
Sarah Palin took her first official step towards what looks to be a run at the presidency in 2012 with the formation of her own political action committee which is creatively named SarahPAC .
SarahPAC believes that the GOP is on the verge of a renaissance , which one assumes would be led by Palin .
The front page of SarahPAC makes no mention of her 2008 vice presidential candidacy .
In fact , the page echoes most of the themes of her campaign , “ SarahPAC believes America ’s best days are ahead .
Our country , founded on conservative principles and the fight for freedom , must confront the challenges of the 21st century with integrity , innovation , and determination .
SarahPAC believes energy independence is a cornerstone of the economic security and progress that every American family wants and deserves . ”
Not surprisingly the money raised by SarahPAC wo n’t be used to help fellow Republicans .
It will be used to help Palin .
The site tells potential donors in the FAQ’s , “ Your support of SarahPac will make it possible for Gov. Palin to continue to be a strong voice for energy independence and reform .
By supporting SarahPac , you will allow Gov. Palin to help find and create solutions for America ’s most pressing problems ; priority number one is building a strong and prosperous economy that recognizes hard work , innovation and integrity by rewarding small businesses and hard working American families .
SarahPac will support local and national candidates who share Gov. Palin ’s ideas and goals for our country . ”
Advertisements
It looks the point of the PAC is not to help rebuild the Republican Party , but to position Palin for 2012 .
The cult of Sarah is based on the notions that the Republican Party needs a savior , and that Palin is the only one who can defeat Obama .
Palin is also the chairman of the PAC , which is n’t a surprise because she served in the same capacity for former Sen .
Ted Stevens .
It does make sense to start fundraising early , but she is not going to be able to raise enough cash to compete with Obama .
The likely plan is to raise enough cash to scare off any serious challengers for the Republican nomination .
Both Hillary Clinton and John McCain tried this last fall , and George W. Bush did the same thing in 2000 .
Unless someone comes out of right field , the race for the GOP nomination should feature a battle between Palin and Mitt Romney .
If Palin wants to destroy her political future , she should run against Obama in 2012 .
Palin should sit 2012 out , and let someone like Romney take the drubbing .
I do n’t see how Palin could ever be a credible nominee until she gains some real policy knowledge , and is able to give a serious interview where it sounds like she knows what she is talking about .
My hunch is that she is going to try to charm her way to the presidency .
Until she starts behaving more like a serious politician , and less like a celebrity , Sarah Palin will not be a credible threat to President Obama .
Kindness has gone out of fashion .
In the age of the rampant free market and the selfish gene , compassion is seen as either narcissism or weakness .
So why have we become so suspicious of one of our most basic - and pleasurable - human qualities , ask Adam Phillips and Barbara Taylor
Outlook Let 's not get into the rights and wrongs of a third runway at Heathrow .
Whatever the commercial case for and against , it is as plain as a pike staff it 's not going to happen .
Only Gordon " I 've saved the world " Brown could believe the Government still capable of bulldozing through a proposal that seems to be opposed by just about everyone other than the big airlines , American investment banks and the virtually bust owners of Heathrow itself .
Never mind that virtually all those columnists who write with such passion on this issue in the mainstream British press seem to have a vested interest , in that they live beneath the Heathrow flight path , or that the net effect on climate change if the runway is n't built will be precisely zero ( the traffic will merely go somewhere else ) , politics is about the art of the possible and the only person who seems not to have realised this is Mr Brown .
The case for a third runway may or may not be a good one , but the fact is that the Government has already lost it .
To push ahead in the face of such opposition is political madness .
Given that the Conservatives have already pledged to reverse the decision as soon as they get into power , nobody is going to spend even so much as a penny preparing for such a project .
It 's going to take at least five years to get through planning procedures , so even if Mr Brown wins the next election , little if anything will have happened by the time we get to the following one .
In the meantime , the decision will probably have cost him anything up to 30 seats .
The Government hopes to win brownie points with big business for the " bravery " of its decision , yet I doubt anyone outside the City gives a toss about the future of Heathrow , an airport whose defiance of the prevailing westerly winds meant that it was always in the wrong place for a major conurbation .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Rather than continuing with a doomed endeavour , policymakers should instead be applying themselves to the alternatives .
For Geoff Hoon , the Transport Secretary , to assert that it would " damage our economy " to duck the decision is nonsense .
The folly is rather in basing your whole transport policy around an objective that is never going to be realised .
Nor was his attempt to sugar the pill by promising to limit the new slots to the cleanest planes , as well as set new aircraft emission targets , in the least bit convincing .
These objectives should be happening regardless of whether there is a third runway at Heathrow involved .
As for promising to maintain so - called " mixed mode " use of runways – whereby landing is switched midway through the day between Heathrow 's two existing runways so as to give residents a break from the noise – this is precisely the wrong approach .
Heathrow 's immediate capacity constraints could be fixed overnight by allowing coincidental take - off and landing on both runways , as occurs in virtually every other major international airport .
And the alternatives ?
The idea of a brand new airport on the Thames estuary is cloud cuckoo land .
If planning for such a monster had begun 30 years ago or more , then maybe , but with the future growth of aviation ever more uncertain , it would be bonkers to embark on it now .
A third runway at Heathrow looks difficult to impossible , but the idea of an entirely new airport is just laughable .
The solution to Britain 's airport needs must lie instead in a piecemeal approach , with expansion to capacity taking place at a number of existing airports around London – perhaps a second runway at Gatwick or Luton , or even back to the original plan of a second runway at Stansted .
There are also lots of accessible smaller airports around London capable of development .
There is no reason why , if air traffic continues to expand , it all has to be concentrated into one place .
CO2 pollution ' turning oceans more acid ' : 150 scientists warn Agence France - Presse
Published : Friday January 30 , 2009
Print This Email This NICE , France ( AFP )  Carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions must fall sharply to avoid inflicting acid damage to the world 's marine ecosystems , more than 150 scientists warned Friday .
Acidification of ocean waters caused by greenhouse gases is already wreaking havoc on coral ecosystems and will have a huge knock - on impact on human communities , they said in a declaration released in the southern French city of Nice .
" We are deeply concerned by recent , rapid changes in ocean chemistry and their potential , within decades , to severely affect marine organisms , food webs , biodiversity and fisheries , " the appeal to policymakers said .
" Ocean acidification is accelerating and severe damages are imminent . "
The only way to stabilise , and eventually reverse , the trend is to reduce the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere , it said .
" The chemistry is so fundamental and changes so rapid and severe that impacts on organisms are unavoidable , " said James Orr , a researcher at the Marine Environment Laboratories in Monaco .
" The questions are now how bad will it be and how soon will it happen . "
Since industrialisation began in the 18th century , atmospheric levels of CO2 have risen by nearly 40 percent , thanks mainly to unbridled burning of coal , gas and oil .
Much of this CO2 is absorbed by the ocean , rendering it more acidic .
This process makes it harder for numerous marine organisms to build the calcium - based shells and skeletal structures on which they depend for survival .
It also changes seawater chemistry , and has been shown to harm organisms ranging from oysters to sea urchins to squid .
CO2 in the atmosphere today aveages 385 parts per million ( ppm ) .
By mid-century , the concentration could easily exceed 550 ppm , which would decrease the rate at which coral forms by at least a third , studies have shown .
Even before that point , many coral reefs will already have seriously eroded .
Ocean acidification will also have a huge impact of human communities , the scientists warned .
In a chain of consequences , it will affect marine food webs and lead to substantial changes in commercial fish stocks , threatening protein supply and food security for tens of millions of people .
" Coral reefs provide fish habitat , generate billions of dollars in annual tourism , protect shorelines from erosion and flooding , and provide the foundation for tremendous biodiversity , " the scientists said .
By 2050 , more regions could become chemically inhospitable to reefs , they said .
The statement is called the Monaco Declaration , as it summarises work at an international symposium on the ocean staged in Monaco last October .
1. 10 % market share for Google Chrome .
2. Google ’s search engine will lose a significant amount of market share as Live Search ’s position will consolidate .
3. Google ’s Q&A service , used to implement Google help forums , will become a part of Google Apps .
4. GrandCentral will be publicly available in the US and the interface will integrate with Gmail .
5 . Google will launch a mobile browser for feature phones and non-Android smart phones .
6 . The popular Google Bookmarks service will improve the way you manage bookmarks , by adding hierarchical labels , sharing options and more intuitive visualizations .
7. Google will bring some of the Chrome features to other browsers .
8. Google Translate will be seamlessly integrated with many Google services and applications .
9. Google Reader will list popular posts shared by the community and you ’ll be able to subscribe to OPML files dynamically ( the changes will reflect in your subscription list ) .
10 . Google Maps Live – Google ’s service will showcase webcams that stream from all around the world , it will include a tab for Google Earth and the most recent custom maps , reviews and map edits from your contacts .
Read
11 . Google Contacts will become a separate application , it will offer advanced search and an option to synchronize contacts data .
12 . Google ’s efforts to promote Chrome will change people ’s perception about Google , which will be increasingly associated with Microsoft .
13 .
Many high - profile Google employees , including Marissa Mayer , will leave the company .
14 . Google Apps will start to be attractive again once the App Engine will be fully released .
15 . Personalized search ads for users that are logged in .
16 . OneGoogle – a new interface that merges all Google applications so you can quickly switch between Gmail , Google Calendar , Google Docs without opening a new tab or losing your work .
Source – Googlesystem
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - Egypt aired its grievances against Iran , the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas and the Lebanese Shi’ite group Hezbollah , saying they worked together in the fighting over Gaza to provoke conflict in the Middle East .
“ ( They tried ) to turn the region to confrontation in the interest of Iran , which is trying to use its cards to escape Western pressure ... on the nuclear file , ” Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said in an interview with Orbit satellite channel broadcast Wednesday .
Aboul Gheit also said that Egypt undermined Qatar ’s attempts to arrange a formal Arab summit on Gaza earlier this month , arguing that it would have damaged “ joint Arab action . ”
“ Egypt made the summit fail ...
This summit , if it had taken place as an Arab summit with a proper quorum , would have damaged joint Arab action .
We can see what others do not see , ” he said .
The interview was broadcast Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning and the state news agency MENA carried excerpts .
The comments are the first acknowledgement by Egypt that it actively sought to prevent the Doha summit on January 16 , which was the subject of a bitter tug - of - war between rival Arab states .
It also indicated that a reconciliation meeting in Kuwait last week between Egypt and Saudi Arabia on one hand , and Qatar and Syria on the other , had only a short - term effect .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Qatar failed to win enough support to hold a formal Arab League summit on Gaza but it went ahead anyway with an informal consultative meeting of Arab leaders .
The wrangling reflected deep divisions between Arab governments .
On one side Saudi Arabia and Egypt , wary of the Islamist group Hamas in Gaza , favored discussing Gaza at a separate economic summit in Kuwait a few days later .
Diplomats say Egypt resents the Qatari challenge to its traditional role as leading Arab mediator and dislikes the influence of the satellite television channel Al Jazeera , which is based in Doha and owned by the Qatari government .
“ Some people imagined that a satellite channel could bring down the Egyptian state , without realizing that Egypt is much stronger than that , ” Aboul Gheit said .
“ Egypt is very big and has extensive influence despite attempts to influence this stance and role , whether in the Al Jazeera channel or other channels , ” he added .
The Egyptian minister also criticized Hamas for what he called its coup against the forces of the Palestinian Authority in the Gaza Strip in 2007 .
Nigella food special :
Roast squash and
sweet potato soup with buttermilk blue cheese swirl
Scroll down for more
It may seem a bit fiddly to have a soup prepared in two parts : one in the oven ; one in the pan .
But I do this not only because I think it intensifies the flavour dramatically , but because it actually makes my life easier .
The thing is this : when you roast a butternut squash , you can go ahead and liquidise it without ever having to peel it , and this is a real boon .
Plus , I love the slightly flecked look that the spice - sized specks of skin give the soup , as well as the hint of texture .
The robust sweetness of this soup is countered by the buttermilk and blue cheese drizzling - mix that I swirl over the soup as I serve it and , indeed , I think it ’s the two together that really make it .
Serves 8 - 10 as a starter , 6 as a main course
INGREDIENTS
1 onion peeled and roughly chopped
1 unpeeled butternut squash halved deseeded and sliced into 3 cm x 2 cm chunks
500g unpeeled sweet potatoes cut into 3 cm rings
60 ml olive oil
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg 1.5 litres vegetable stock such as Marigold
125 ml marsala wine
salt and pepper
FOR SERVING
125g crumbled blue cheese
250 ml buttermilk ( if you ca n’t find buttermilk use a plain , runny – ie , not set – yogurt , such as Activia )
METHOD
Preheat the oven to 200C / 180C fan /400 F / gas 6 .
Put the chopped onion , chopped butternut and sweet potato ( do n’t worry that neither of these last two are peeled ) on to a baking sheet .
Drizzle the oil over them and sprinkle with the cinnamon and nutmeg , then roast in the oven for about 1 - 1¼ hours , by which time all should be tender .
Remove from the oven .
While the vegetables are still warm or at room temperature , liquidise them in 2 batches , adding 500 ml of vegetable stock to each batch .
Pour the blended vegetables into a saucepan .
Swill another 500 ml of vegetable stock in the blender to get out all the remnants of the soup , and pour into the pan .
You have now added 1.5 litres of liquid to the vegetables .
On reheating to serve , add the marsala and taste for seasoning .
You may need to add up to another 500 ml of water if the soup ’s too thick for your liking .
As the soup warms up , liquidise the
blue cheese and buttermilk in a clean blender and spoon into a jug or bowl .
On serving , drizzle some of this mixture over each bowl .
Leave the jug on the table for your guests to have more if they wish .
No matter how powerful a man you might be , you gain even more by avoiding a fight rather than encouraging one .
Physical confrontation is rarely pretty and it can have serious consequences .
Being a man does n’t mean you have to fight ; sometimes it means being better than the other guy by avoiding one .
Here are some tips that might come in handy the next time someone wants to pick a fight with you .
Before we begin , remember that fighting is not a game and should only be used as a last resort .
It should not be a solution to petty conflicts .
Fighting can mean that someone will end up dead .
You want to do your best to make sure that person is n’t you !
1. Maintain eye contact and watch the troublemaker ’s hands at all times .
Try to diffuse the tension by discussing the problem and apologizing for anything you might have done to add to it .
2 . Try to ignore insulting commentary about you and worse , your mother .
Control your impulse to slam him in the face , as the invective is meant to egg you on .
This will make you the better person in the end even if it does n’t feel that way in that precise moment .
3. Stay as calm as possible .
Do n’t escalate the argument .
Try to convince the other guy that fighting is simply not the way to go .
If necessary , agree with him even if you know he is wrong .
4 . Avoid the moral high ground when attempting to defuse the situation .
Such commentary as “ I ’ve got better things to do than fight with you ” may only inflame the aggressor .
Realize too , that this attitude translates into another way of saying that you are above the other guy ( and you may end up underneath him if you follow this tack ) .
5 . In a truly volatile situation , forget about your ego for the moment .
Tell the other guy what he wants to hear .
Think of your loved ones and swallow your pride .
6 . Keep your hands in a defensible yet non-aggressive position .
Both palms pressed together in a “ prayer position ” is best as it is non-threatening .
Keep them near your face at all times .
7 . Remember that walking away is always an alternative and it is nothing to be ashamed about .
Be careful if this is the option you choose and always face the person as you walk away .
If the other person is very angry , they might attack you from behind .
8 . If you are in a car , lock the doors and refuse to come out and fight .
Better , drive away if you possibly can .
The above - stated tips are obviously geared more to avoiding a confrontation .
What do you do if that is not possible ?
In some instances , the person wants to fight and will hit you no matter what you do .
In a case like this , you must stand your ground and defend yourself .
It is better in this case for you to be the one to strike first because the first hit can be the most powerful and is likely to catch the other person off guard .
It can end the fight if it is perfectly timed and delivered .
Some other things to consider include :
If you can find an authority nearby , do not hesitate to alert them .
They are used to diffusing this type of situation and better at it than you could ever be from sheer practice alone .
Remember that walking away can also translate into not being carried away from the scene .
Bear in mind most of all what is important in your life .
It is not the fight .
It is those waiting for you at home whose love and respect are the only things that really matter .
Happy non-fighting !
" You 'll see heat and fire like never before .
You wo n't believe it .
There 'll be storms , so many storms they wo n't be able to name them all , " he said this morning on Fox and Friends .
" They 'll run out of names .
Mark my words .
They 'll be calling these storms things like ' Xylophone ' and ' Pepperoni ' . "
Penile Fractures : More Than a Sex Myth on ' Grey 's Anatomy '
Doctors say men can suffer penile fractures , but they can be repaired .
Jan. 23 , 2009  --
Can a penis break ?
It 's the question everyone is asking .
The answer , unfortunately , is a definite yes .
Thursday night 's episode of " Grey 's Anatomy " in which a doctor suffered a fractured penis during intercourse with a colleague , pushed " penile fracture " to the top of the list of most - searched terms on Google , the likely result of men and their partners panicking at the thought of such apainful and embarrassing injury .
Dr. Darius Paduch , a urologist at New York Presbyterian - Weill Cornell Medical Center , has treated multiple penile fractures and told ABCNews.com that broken penises are often reported after a couple engages in adventurous sex .
" The circumstances that lead to a penile fracture are more exciting than usual , " Paduch said .
" Most reported cases happen when the woman is on top of the man or when the woman is sitting on a desk and the man is facing her and is suddenly pushing his penis into the desk [ by mistake ] . "
For Dr. Mark Sloane on " Grey 's Anatomy , " the woman - on - top position is exactly what did him in .
Broken Penis
Paduch , who treats around four fractured penises a year , said that penile fractures are usually accompanied by a " popping sound " and then an immediate loss of erection for the man .
" The penis will become deformed ; it actually looks kind of grotesque , " said Paduch , who described the shape of a fractured penis as a " boomerang . "
Paduch compared a fractured penis to a boat 's sail that has a rip in it and needs to be sewn back together to regain its function .
" What happens is the penis is made of two spongelike bodies , which fill up with blood when you have an erection and that 's what gives penises rigidity , " Paduch said .
" When it 's really overbent or when you apply too much pressure , the penis can break and what is breaking is the layer of fiber sheath , which can be likened to a sail . "
Dr. Ira Sharlip , the spokesman for the American Urological Association , said that in addition to the popping sound that occurs at the time of injury , the penis will also be swollen and quite painful .
" There is no blood on the surface , only underneath the skin , " Sharlip said .
" A lump appears underneath the skin because the blood has been forced out of the erection chamber and through the laceration . "
But sex is n't the only way a man can break his penis , warns Paduch , who says that any time the penis is hit while erect , damage can occur .
For example , Paduch said it is possible for a penis to break during a fall down the stairs but a man has to be erect at the time .
" The penis needs to be rigid , " Paduch said .
" If it 's flaccid , you can not have a penile fracture . "
Paduch recently treated a football player who injured his penis during a game .
" He had an erection during the play and was hit in the genitals by another player 's helmet and , believe it or not , fractured his penis , " Paduch said .
How to Treat a Penile Fracture
Fractures of the penis that go untreated , said Paduch , might lead to serious complications down the line .
" Men need to know that this can not be treated with ice or Tylenol , " Paduch said .
" If the injury goes untreated they are likely to suffer from longtime erectile dysfunction , chronic pain and develop deformation . "
Paduch said that he has seen men with very mild fractures who did n't have very much pain and avoided the doctor .
But the injury got worse for these patients when they continued having sex .
" The small bruise developed scarring in the penis and was then very difficult to treat , " Paduch said .
In the more extreme cases , the urethra -- the tube that carries urine -- can be injured if a penile fracture is not treated .
Surgery is the only way to fix a broken penis and will almost always result in the man 's regained sexual function .
A recovery time of about six weeks is typical , said Paduch , before the patient can have sex again .
Sharlip , who also practices urology at the University of California San Francisco , said men who suffer from penile fractures are often in their 20s or 30s and are completely unaware of the injury .
" They come into the emergency room and they can't believe this has happened to them because they 're young and healthy and very embarrassed , " Sharlip said .
" It 's important to remember this is a minor injury because it 's repairable and that men can go completely back to normal after surgery . "
Reddit Email 10 Shares
In 1996 , Israeli jets bombed a UN building where civilians had taken refuge at Cana / Qana in south Lebanon , killing 102 persons ; in the place where Jesus is said to have made water into wine , Israeli bombs wrought a different sort of transformation .
In the distant , picturesque port of Hamburg , a young graduate student studying traditional architecture of Aleppo saw footage like this on the news [ graphic ] .
He was consumed with anguish and the desire for revenge .
As soon as operation Grapes of Wrath had begun the week before , he had written out a martyrdom will , indicating his willingness to die avenging the victims , killed in that operation –with airplanes and bombs that were a free gift from the United States .
His name was Muhammad Atta .
Five years later he piloted American Airlines 11 into the World Trade Center .
( Lawrence Wright , The Looming Tower , p. 307 : “ On April 11 , 1996 , when Atta was twenty - seven years old , he signed a standardized will he got from the al - Quds mosque .l
It was the day Israel attacked Lebanon in Operation grapes of Wrath .
According to one of his friends , Atta was enraged , and by filling out his last testamentd during the attack he was offering his life in response . ” ) .
On Tuesday , the Israeli military shelled a United Nations school to which terrified Gazans had fled for refuge , killing at least 42 persons and wounding 55 , virtually all of them civilians , and many of them children .
The Palestinian death toll rose to 660 .
You wonder if someone somewhere is writing out a will today .
Cont’d
In fact , you know that the Israeli leaders know that likely their atrocities against civilians in Gaza will produce further terrorism , both against the United States and Israel .
They are obviously entirely willing to take that risk .
Why ?
The Israeli far right thrives on ethnic conflict .
It may be worried that Obama will try to curb it .
What is the worst that could happen , from their point of view ?
That Obama ’s presidency would be destroyed by an alleged failure to prevent such an attack , and that the US public would be shifted to the Right and rededicate itself to its flagging crusade against Islam– oops , I mean “ war on terror ” ?
Michael Scheuer , who headed the CIA Bin Laden desk for some years and knows something about radical fundamentalism , concludes , “ What is likely to become known across the Islamic world as the “ Gaza slaughter ” will ensure the continued growth of the Sunni insurgency al - Qaeda leads and inspires . ”
And as though on cue , Ayman al - Zawahiri came out with a video Tuesday , saying , “ ” We will never stop until we avenge the death of all who are killed , injured , widowed and orphaned in Palestine and throughout the Islamic world . . . ”
He then attacked Barack Obama , saying “ These air strikes are a gift from Obama before he takes office , and from Hosni Mubarak , the traitor who is the primary partner in your siege and murder . ”
What I am saying is that Israeli leaders like Ehud Olmert , Tzipi Livni , Ehud Barak and the Israeli high command and intelligence all knew this danger very well when they launched this bloodbath .
They subjected you and me to it anyway , because it is immaterial to them what happens to the United States as a result of their bloody - mindedness .
They want theirs .
They are no different in that regard from American hawks .
Bush knew he was endangering Madrid and Glasgow when he attacked Iraq .
He did n’t care about his allies , either .
In the Hawk Business , provoking terrorism is all to the good .
Nor are they different in this regard from the leadership of Hamas , which also acted provocatively without regard to the wider consequences .
The Independent reports :
‘ Hundreds of Palestinians had fled their homes for the refuge of the al - Fakhoura school , hoping the blue and white flag of the UN flying over the impromptu shelter would protect them from the Israeli onslaught .
The UN had even given the Israeli army the co-ordinates for the building to spare it from the shells and air strikes raining down on the Gaza strip .
But yesterday afternoon tank shells exploded outside the school , sending shrapnel into the crowds , killing at least 42 and wounding another 55 . ‘
Let us just repeat that .
It was a school .
It was flying a UN flag .
The UN had given the Israeli military the coordinates .
People were seeking refuge there from Israeli air strikes and military operations .
If it were true , as the Israelis now charge after the fact , that the building was being used for mortar attacks on the Israeli army , the why in the world would anyone in their right minds stay there .
It would be like playing golf in a lightning storm , and Gazans are not stupid about war .
Second , how come dead soldiers did n’t come out of the building ?
The United Nations has denied this far - fetched Israeli claim .
Aljazeera English reports on the school bombing : warning , graphic .
For footage of an earlier , gruesome attack that killed a whole family , including children , watch this if you have the stomach for it :
If it is a heck of a note to be ten years old and dead , it is n’t that much fun to be alive , either , under near - famine conditions .
Thirteen thousand Gazans have fled their homes but have no where to go , since they are blockaded in Gaza , as though they were not human beings but rather roaches in a jar .
Ofira Koopmans and Saud Abu Ramadan of Deutsche Press Agentur report ,
‘ Residents of Gaza City , who have been without electricity for days , say they have only small amounts of drinking water .
With even candles now a scarce commodity , Gaza City residents sit in the dark – many of them in winter coats as they keep windows open to avoid glass shards flying inside their homes from a possible nearby blast .
. with the large influx of casualties – unprecedented in at least five decades of the conflict – . . . hospitals are in urgent need of blood units , anaesthetics , strong painkillers , tetanus vaccines and even body bags and sheets , according to the Red Cross .
Only two bakeries remain open in Gaza City , with queues stretching all the way down the street .
After venturing outdoors and waiting in line for hours on end , each customer can get one plastic bag with 50 small pita breads .
Prices have nearly doubled since the offensive began .
Large parts of the strip also have no tap water , as power blackout mean pumps are not working . ’
Nancy Kanwisher of MIT can count and therefore so does her article .
She demonstrates that after the Israel - Hamas truce was concluded in mid-June , 2008 , for four months there were virtually no rockets fired at Israel .
The rockets began again after two Israeli attacks that killed several Palestinians .
Kaminer analyzes periods of mutual violence and relative calm in the past few years and finds that in 80 % of the cases , it is Israel that has re-initiated the violence .
Her well - grounded analysis demonstrates the falsehood of the allegations that it is impossible to deal with Hamas or that it has always been Hamas that has started the fighting .
Kaminer ’s findings make perfect sense if it is remembered that Israel is by far the stronger party and dominates the scene .
Avi Shlaim of Oxford University gives an overview of the Gaza struggle .
He explains that he believes the big mistake was for Israel to occupy the Palestinian territories in 1967 and to colonize them .
Highlights :
‘ Four decades of Israeli control did incalculable damage to the economy of the Gaza Strip .
With a large population of 1948 refugees crammed into a tiny strip of land , with no infrastructure or natural resources , Gaza ’s prospects were never bright .
Gaza , however , is not simply a case of economic under - development but a uniquely cruel case of deliberate de-development .
To use the Biblical phrase , Israel turned the people of Gaza into the hewers of wood and the drawers of water , into a source of cheap labour and a captive market for Israeli goods .
The development of local industry was actively impeded so as to make it impossible for the Palestinians to end their subordination to Israel and to establish the economic underpinnings essential for real political independence .
. .’
‘ Gaza is a classic case of colonial exploitation in the post - colonial era . . .
In Gaza , the Jewish settlers numbered only 8,000 in 2005 compared with 1.4 million local residents .
Yet the settlers controlled 25 % of the territory , 40 % of the arable land and the lion ’s share of the scarce water resources .
Cheek by jowl with these foreign intruders , the majority of the local population lived in abject poverty and unimaginable misery .
Eighty per cent of them still subsist on less than $ 2 a day .
. .’
‘ To the world , Sharon presented the withdrawal from Gaza as a contribution to peace based on a two - state solution .
But in the year after , another 12,000 Israelis settled on the West Bank , further reducing the scope for an independent Palestinian state .
Land - grabbing and peace - making are simply incompatible .
Israel had a choice and it chose land over peace . . .’
1 Gumprecht ’s Green Pit Viper
This striking bright green snake , commonly known as Gumprecht ’s green pit viper , is found in the Southeast Asian region of Greater Mekong .
The serpent , which has the formal name Trimeresurus gumprechti , was first described by scientists in 2002 , although he does n’t look like he appreciates having been discovered .
2 Snakefish
In 2002 , the snakefish ( or Channidae ) was described as “ something from a bad horror movie ” by US Interior Secretary Gale Norton .
Some describe snakefish as having ” a voracious appetite , often consuming all other fish in a lake or pond and even eating its young .
It can slither across land , staying out of water for up to three days , to find new sources of food . ”
Norton also warns that once on land ” snakeheads can eat almost any small animal in its path … .
They have even attacked people in China who got too close to snakeheads ’ egg nesting areas . ”
According to Wikipedia , snakefish can be up to over a metre in length and over 6 kilograms in weight .
Most snakefish are 2 - 3 feet long .
They ’re also fast reproducers with no natural enemies outside of their native environments .
Within their native environments , small snakefish are preyed upon by bigger fish , while full - grown snakefish are consumed by crocodiles and alligators .
Because of their ability to move into new habitats and wipe out local ecosystems ( and to then hop out of the water and mosey on over to another body of water and repeat the process ) snakefish have been prohibited in 13 American states and other countries ( e.g. , Australia ) .
3 Giant Isopod
This Predator look - alike is a Giant Isopod ( Bathynomus giganteus ) , a carnivorous crustacean that spends its time scavenging the deep ocean floor , up to 6,000 ft down on the seabed where there is no light .
In the pitch black and cold , they survive by feasting on dead and decaying fish and other marine animals .
4 Aye-aye
Considered by locals as a harbinger of misfortune , the Aye - aye is one of the world ’s most rare and bizarre looking primates .
To the Malagasy people , the aye - aye is magical , and believed to bring death to the village it appears in ; therefore they ’re often killed on sight .
The aye - aye is the world ’s largest nocturnal primate with an average head and body length of 16 inches ( 40 centimeters ) , a long bushy tail of 2 feet ( 61 centimeters ) long , and weighs about 4 pounds ( 2 kilos ) .
The Aye - aye has large beady eyes , black hair , and large spoon - shaped ears .
It has 5 - fingered hands with flat nails , with a middle finger up to 3 times the length of the others .
5 Star-nosed Mole
One of the most intriguing stars in the universe is right here on Earth : the eleven pairs of pink fleshy appendages ringing the snout of the star - nosed mole ( Condylura cristata ) .
From its appearance and location , one would think this star might be a supersensitive olfactory organ , helping the nearly blind mole negotiate its subterranean environment , or an extra hand for grasping prey or manipulating objects .
Some researchers have hypothesized that the star detects electric fields , thus acting as a kind of antenna .
But in reality , the star is an extraordinary touch organ with more than 25,000 minute sensory receptors , called Eimer ’s organs , with which this hamster - sized mole feels its way around .
6 Frilled Lizard
The frilled lizard ( Chlamydosaurus kingi ) is a yellowish - brown australian lizard has got a large frill of skin to the sides of the neck and throat .
It is about 90 cm / 35 in long , and when is angry or alarmed , it erects its frill , which may be as much as 25 cm / 10 in in diameter , thus giving itself the appearance of being larger than it really is .
Frilled lizards are generally tree - living but may spend some time on the ground , where they run with their forelimbs in the air .
7 Giant leaf - tailed Gecko
The Giant leaf - tailed gecko ( Uroplatus fimbriatus ) is endemic to Madagascar and the islands Nosy Bohara and Nosy Mangabe .
These geckos live in tropical rain forests and reach a total length of 330 mm .
A large nocturnal gecko , by day it plasters it self to a small tree trunk and rests head down .
If disturbed it will raise it tail and head , open its mouth and scream … and call his mom .
8 Kerivoula Kachinensis
Another of the species found in one of the world ’s last scientifically unexplored regions , Asia ’s Greater Mekong , the Kerivoula Kachinensis is one of the most disturbing bats ever found .
9 Desert Mole Rat
The Desert Mole Rat ( Heterocephalus glaber ) is a burrowing rodent native to parts of East Africa notable for its eusocial lifestyle , nearly unique among mammals , and for a highly unusual set of physical traits that enables it to thrive in a harsh , underground environment , including a lack of pain sensation in its skin , and a nearly cold - blooded metabolism .
Plus , it is horrible .
10 Puss Caterpillar
The puss caterpillar is the most poisonous caterpillar in the United States .
Its poison is hidden in hollow spines among its hairs .
This hairy caterpillar is found in the southern states , ranging west through most of Texas and north to Maryland and Missouri .
It feeds on shade trees such as elm , oak , and sycamore .
Puss caterpillars vary in size from 1.2 in . ( 32 mm ) to 1.4 in . ( 36 mm ) .
Its video below it ’s a must - see .
Hello world in Scheme for Android
( This has been updated here . )
Google 's phone operating system " Android " is based on a custom Java virtual machine on top of GNU / Linux .
So it occurred to me :
How difficult would it be to get a Kawa application running on Android ?
Not that difficult , it turns out .
Here is " Hello world " written in Kawa Scheme :
( module - extends android.app.Activity ) ( module - name kawa.android.hello ) ( define ( onCreate ( savedInstanceState :: android.os.
Bundle ) ) :: void ( invoke - special android.app.Activity ( this ) ' onCreate savedInstanceState ) ( let ( ( tv :: android.widget.TextView ( make android.widget.TextView ( this ) ) ) ) ( tv:setText " Hello , Android from Kawa Scheme ! " ) ( ( this ) : setContentView tv ) ) )
It 's got some annoying boiler - plate , though it 's similar to the Java version ; hopefully we can simplify later .
Here is how to get this program running on the Android emulator on GNU / Linux .
( I have n't yet figured out how to get it working on the actual phone . )
This article Android Phone development from the Linux command - line was helpful in figuring out what to do .
First you need to download the Android SDK .
Unzip , in a suitable location , which we 'll refer to as ANDROID_HOME :
ANDROID_HOME=/path/to/android-sdk-linux_x86-1.0_r2
PATH=$ANDROID_HOME/tools :$ PATH
To get this to work I had to make some modest changes to Kawa , so you will need to get the Kawa developer sources from SVN .
You need to configure and make Kawa appropriately :
KAWA_DIR=path_to_Kawa_sources cd $ KAWA_DIR ./configure --with-android=$ANDROID_HOME/android.jar make
Next , we need to create a project or activity , in the target directory KawaHello , with the main activity being a class named hello in a package kawa.
android :
activitycreator -- out KawaHello kawa.android.hello
Replace the skeleton hello . java by the Scheme code we started out with :
cd KawaHello HELLO_APP_DIR=`pwd` cd $ HELLO_APP_DIR/src/kawa/android/ rm hello.java emacs hello.scm
We need to copy / link the Kawa jar file so the Android SDK can find it :
cd $ HELLO_APP_DIR ln -s $ KAWA_DIR/kawa-1.9.3.jar libs/kawa.jar
We also need to modify the Ant build.xml so it knows how to compile Scheme code :
Finally , we can compile our application :
ant
Next start up the Android emulator :
emulator&
Wait until Android has finished booting , clisk the menu and home buttons .
Click the tab above the menu key to show the installed applications .
Now install our new application :
adb install bin/hello-debug.apk
The new hello application should show up .
Click it , and you should see something like :
Some debugging notes
You will find a copy of the SDK documentation in $ ANDROID_HOME/docs/documentation.html .
If the emulator complains that your application has stopped unexpectedly , start ddms ( Dalvik Debug Monitor Service ) , click on the kawa .
android line in the top - left sub - window to select it , then from the Device menu select Run logcat ... .
This shows log messages , stack traces , output from the Log. i loggin method , and other useful information .
To uninstall your application , do :
adb uninstall kawa.android
How 3D Scanning is Changing the World , One Industry At a Time
What are 3D scanners used for ?
After all , the first scanning technology appeared in the late 1960s with cameras , lights , and projectors .
3D scanning changed the game by measuring and recording precise data of the physical world .
You can replicate anything as their digital counterpart or vice versa with 3D printing .
Continue reading to know the different types of scanners .
You ’ll also learn about the benefits and the uses of 3D scanners .
What Is 3D Scanning ?
3D scanning is the process of making a digital copy of real - life objects .
With 3D scanners , people can save , share , edit , and print the object from a computer .
The purpose of 3D scanners is to make materials and objects for finished products .
The development of 3D scanner technology made it easier , affordable , and portable to use .
3D scanning made it possible for high - octane movies like Avengers : End Game and award - winning video games like The Last of Us to come into existence .
So feel free to check out some of the best 3D scanners from hand - held to desktop scanners .
Benefits of 3D Scanners
The main purpose of 3D scanners is to hasten the workflow .
It simplifies the design , development , and launch of products .
3D printing an object saves money for materials other than nylon , metal , and polymer .
Most scanners are portable , meaning you can distance the scanner from hazardous objects and environments .
The scanners can send every detail of large objects within 1 - 2 days and take 40 - 90 hours to edit and fix .
Printing a car can take about 2 hours to a day with all the parts and components .
3D scanners can control the quality of products by minimizing mistakes during production .
They also capture an object ’s information such as dimensions , size , and structure .
It works by using reverse - engineering , making it easy to break down the object and learn more about it .
What Are 3D Scanners Used For ?
With these benefits , you now have an idea of what it ’s capable of .
Here are some practical applications of 3D scanners :
1. Figurines and Animations
3D scanners can act as a camera to make a portrait of people by making figurines .
You can also use models for animations , avatar creation , and custom clothing creation .
This technology plays a role in virtual reality because it allows you to make a digital avatar .
For video games , you can make both physical and digital copies of figurines representing characters .
2. Research and Science
Researchers can make dinosaur fossils and scaled robotic parts .
They study how the bones interacted with each other .
This enables them to know how they moved and grew in the environment .
3D scanners are important in topography , optical measurement , and archiving for study .
3. Architecture and Engineering
Designers use models of structures for restoration , documentation , or archeological studies .
The 3D scanners make it easier to measure every inch of windows , doors , and the like .
It also increases the accuracy of a prototype ’s components , regardless of complexity .
4. Art and History
Artists and historians can create their digital versions for archiving and curating .
3D scanning is the perfect technique to restore crumbling artifacts .
People can also archive art , enabling people to view them online .
5. Medicine and Health
3D scanning enables the design and creation of prosthetics with less time and money .
They also scan body parts without direct contact for a detailed analysis of a patient .
Doctors can do hands - on experiments with 3D models and learn data on wounds , broken anatomy , and cosmetic surgery .
Types of 3D Scanners
Since 3D scanners have lots of applications , you ’re liable to find various models to accomplish specific tasks .
Here are the types of 3D scanners you might encounter :
These 3D scanners probe the subject through physical touch .
This type of scanner is best for flat shapes or simple convex surfaces .
The only drawback is the tactile requirement .
Otherwise , it may change or damage the subject .
2. Photogrammetry
This scanner takes many pictures from different angles .
The more pictures you have , the better the quality .
A 3D scanning software analyzes the pictures and reconstructs them in 3D .
This type of scanner is great for live objects like people and animals .
3. Time of Flight ( TOF )
Time of Flight scanners measures how long it takes for the laser to reflect from the scanner .
This type of scanner is best for scanning objects in real - time .
It ’s also ideal for scanning large objects like buildings .
4. Triangulation
A camera records the intersection between the beam from the scanner and the object .
The camera , laser dot , and laser emitter form a triangle making it easier to find the dot ’s location .
This type of scanner is useful for scanning things like cars and houses .
5. Structured Light
This type of scanner casts a light of geometric patterns to look at the deformation of an object .
It looks at its depth and width , meaning the scanner wo n’t work well with reflective surfaces .
This scanner gives the best details and measurements of small and delicate objects .
3D Scanning Software
The software helps optimize the precision , results , and quality of the scans .
It improves the details of the scanned objects , making it perfect for 3D printing prototypes .
The software looks at the characteristics of objects with reverse - engineering .
One of the best software around is Autodesk Maya .
It has a yearly subscription of $ 1,620 .
Maya is great at modeling , lighting , texturing , and rendering particles , details , movements , and so on .
Maya has a free - form approach , allowing you to apply modeling layers and modifiers .
Another reputable software is Houdini 17.5 .
It has a free version with a natural node - based workflow for beginners .
For its premium version , it costs $ 295 / year for Indie , $ 1995 / year for Core , and $ 4,495 / year for FX .
Houdini is popular in VFX industries because of its flexibility and control .
Get a 3D Scanner Today !
These are some considerations you must know before getting a 3D scanner .
Use these to get a definite idea of what to expect once you invest in one .
Did this guide help answer your query on what are 3D scanners used for ?
If so , read our other guides and learn more .
Discover even more things you can do with the newest tech right here !
j Query is a Monad
January 18 , 2009 at 4:53 am
It ’s said that every Haskell programmer writes their own monad tutorial , and with good reason : once you finally understand the definition and capabilities of a monad , you ’ll be eager to try and break the mystique surrounding the concept of monads as a whole .
To the outsider , monads are an impenetrable barrier to truly understanding Haskell ; they ’re cursed with a very unfortunate name , have bizarre syntax , and seem to do a thousand things at once .
However , monads are n’t hard to understand when you see them in action .
As such , I present to you what may be the most widely - used monadic library in any language : the jQuery library , designed to bring Javascript back to its roots in functional programming and make AJAX and animations easy .
The jQuery object , accessible through the jQuery variable or the $ shortcut , allows you to query or make DOM elements using CSS selectors or XPath queries , as shown below :
$ ( " div " ) ; // all div elements
$ ( " span.moveable " ) // all spans with the moveable class
$ ( " em , strong " ) ; // all emphasized and strong tags
$ ( " div\[img ] [ 3 ] " ) ; // the third div that contains an image
It may be somewhat alarming , but jQuery all but eliminates the need for instance variables thanks to its method chaining .
If I wanted to take all the span elements , fade them in , then set their text to “ Alert ! ” , all without jQuery , I would need instance variables to save the found elements , to keep track of elapsed time , and perform each operation sequentially .
In jQuery , it ’s much easier :
$ ( " span " ) . fadeIn ( " slow " ) .
text ( " Alert ! " ) ;
The returned result of fadeIn is not null , as one might otherwise assume , but the very same jQuery container $ ( " span " ) upon which it was called .
That way , I was able to call the . text ( " Alert ! " ) method , which likewise returns the same container .
Method chaining like this gives an immense dose of power , concision and readability to a previously flabby language .
In addition to DOM manipulation , jQuery provides powerful AJAX shortcuts , attractive yet unobtrusive animations , and extensive CSS manipulation .
The Monadic Laws
Now that you have a basic idea of the concepts upon which jQuery is founded , let ’s take a look at the three monadic laws .
( The concept of monads and the monadic laws were first codified in the branch of mathematics known as category theory – beware , the previous link is dense as hell . )
The first monadic law is that a monad is a wrapper around another type .
In Haskell , one has the IO String type , which is returned from functions that read from files , console input , or system calls – IO is a monad that wraps the String data type .
j Query obviously satisfies this condition , as it wraps DOM nodes retrieved through given queries .
The second monadic law is just as simple : all monads must have a function to wrap themselves around other data types .
j Query clearly has ways to apply itself to DOM nodes – you use the querying facilities to traverse the DOM , and if you ’re feeling especially saucy , you can use pass the results of document .
getElementsByTagName and its siblings to the jQuery object .
Haskell refers to this as a type constructor – a function that takes some data and wraps that data inside a new type .
( jQuery ’s type constructor is its parentheses . )
The third monadic law , and the only one that ’s even remotely complicated , is that all monads must be able to feed the value or values that they wrap into another function , as long as that function eventually returns a monad . fadeIn ( ) , text ( ) , and all the other chainable functions are examples of this – they take the elements given inside the jQuery object , perform their function on them , then rewraps them back into the jQuery object and returns them .
And do n’t think that you ’re just limited to the built - in functions on the jQuery object – using the map ( ) function , you can pass an anonymous function that will be called on each DOM element inside the jQuery object .
map ( ) will still return the jQuery object upon which it was called .
So , let ’s review .
Monads are abstract data types that satisfy three conditions :
1 ) They wrap themselves around other data types
2 ) They have an operation , confusingly called return , that actually performs the aforementioned wrapping
3 ) They have an operation called bind that allows to feed the value wrapped inside the monad into another function , as long as the function returns a monad .
Bam .
That ’s it .
Simple – almost so simple as to be useless .
But monads are like objects in that though they are conceptually very simple , they are immensely powerful .
In Haskell , monads are used as an abstract datatype to represent actions – since they an be chained together , they a perfect fit for traditional imperative programming or code that depends on the outside world .
Any keyboard input or file input in Haskell is wrapped inside an IO monad , serving to indicate that this part of the program is dependent on the outside world .
By indicating that only certain sections of your programs depend on external , unpredictable input you not only make your debugging easier but also ensure that the rest of your functions depend only on their inputs .
If you ’re interested in learning about the other ways that Haskell uses monads or learning a stricter definition of monads , check out Jeff Newburn ’s All About Monads .
“ This is all well and good ” , you say , “ but how does jQuery ’s monadic implementation manifest itself in common jQuery idioms ? ”
Well , I ’m glad that you asked .
Cautious Computations
Each language has its own way of dealing with passing a null object to a function that expects a non-null object or sending a message to a null object .
Objective - C returns nil , Java throws NullPointerExceptions , and C – well , C segfaults , but what else is new ?
The jQuery equivalent of this would be trying to manipulate the contents of an empty jQuery object , like so :
$ ([ ] ).fadeOut ( ) . text ( " THE WORLD HAS BROKEN ! " ) ;
By calling the jQuery ’s type constructor with an empty array as a parameter , we get an empty jQuery object ; even though I ’m calling fadeOut ( ) and text ( ) on nothing at all , jQuery will fail gracefully rather than spew errors all over the console .
Much like Objective - C’s behavior when messaging nil or Ruby ’s andand , this allows you to chain a long series of computations that may fail at some point together safely .
From a higher - level perspective , this is very similar to Haskell ’s Maybe monad , used to represent computations that might fail , such as a hashtable lookup .
State Transformations
When I heard that variables in Haskell could never change , I was horrified .
Sure , I knew there are ways to work around this – recursion is the primary way – but I knew that there had to be some corner case where I would need to destructively update variables .
It turns out I did n’t need to worry , because one of the most useful monads is the State monad .
Not only does the State monad provide a vehicle in which to bind variables like you would in a regular language , but it also provides a useful semantic distinction – the very presence of the State monad in a function ’s type implies that it depends on some state .
( Now that I think about it , Haskell ’s type system alone is more expressive than most languages . )
j Query can be seen as a state monad too – it encapsulates a set of DOM nodes and allows you to chain stateful computations upon them .
There are simple methods to change what is matched – add ( ) adds new elements to the current object , contents ( ) matches all children of the wrapped DOM nodes , and so on and so forth .
The and Self ( ) and end ( ) methods are much more interesting and much more reminiscent of Haskell ’s state monad .
Let ’s take a look at how they work :
$ (" div.sidebar " ) .find ( " a " ) .and Self ( ) .addClass ( ' disabled ')
In the above snippet , the $ ( “ div.sidebar ” ) finds a div element with the sidebar class , and the find ( " a " ) class matches all links inside the sidebar .
Were we to manipulate the jQuery object right now , only the links would be modified – instead , we add and Self ( ) , which readds the matched div element .
We then add the ‘ disabled ’ class . end ( ) performs the converse of and Self ( ) – it removes the elements matched by the previous destructive operation :
$ (" div.sidebar " ) .find ( " a " ) .addClass ( ' disabled ').end ( ) .fadeOut ()
Conclusions
Monads are n’t esoteric , abstruse computer science – they ’re useful .
You probably have used monads but just have n’t realized it .
jQuery is awesome .
And with that , I will go and observe DC descend into delicious chaos .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : code .
Tags : functional , javascript , jquery , monad .
Tom Stoddart / Getty Images
My father was going off to fight in World War II .
We were all saying goodbye to him .
It was very emotional .
Everyone was crying .
Just before he left , my father bought me some ice cream .
It came in an aluminum cup .
I can still remember that ice cream .
We will have peace for all , or we will have no peace at all .
Trust is when there is no place for lying .
The politicians in America sometimes act in a way that seems disrespectful toward our country and our people .
The Russians are people who value their dignity .
You better not mess with that .
You have to consider that Reagan was twenty years older than I was .
He was the age of my mother .
So there was a generation gap .
During one of our talks , he tried to lecture me and moralize .
I said to him , " Mr. President , you are not my teacher , and I am not your student .
You are not a prosecutor , and I am not a defendant .
So let 's not subject each other to lectures .
Let 's talk frankly and address the issues .
If you want to lecture , we might as well wrap it up , because there 's really nothing to talk about . "
He got a little upset .
Not long after that , he said , " Why do n't we go on a first - name basis ?
You call me Ron and I 'll call you Mikhail . "
That was an important step .
You know , many urban people have the impression that muffins grow on supermarket shelves .
Homemade bread is best .
Without the foundation of the family , it 's very hard to be a good human being .
I grew up in the hinterlands .
I never saw bananas when I was a young man .
I never saw a pineapple .
When I was about fifteen years old , some frontline soldiers gave me a glass with liquid in it , but they did n't tell me that it was vodka .
I did n't know anything about alcohol at the time .
I gulped it down , and these guys had a good time watching my baptism by fire .
After that I became a lot more cautious as regards alcohol .
To this day , I 'm not a big drinker .
The day after I announced that I was stepping down , I was scheduled to come to the Kremlin for an interview with a Japanese reporter .
I got a call beforehand from one of my assistants , who said that Yeltsin was in my office with his entourage , finishing off a bottle of whiskey .
These people were almost like savages , celebrating their big victory over a bottle in my office .
I told myself :
That office has been desecrated .
I will never set foot in that room again .
That Louis Vuitton ad ?
The proceeds go to Green Cross International and its American counterpart , Global Green .
Also , I travel a lot , and a good bag comes in handy .
We are halfway toward a democratic transition .
When Putin became president , the country was in chaos .
People were struggling to survive , just to live , and the West was ignoring it .
The West liked Yeltsin , so the Russian people were thinking , Why in this time of trouble is the West supporting Yeltsin ?
It was very frustrating .
You need to understand that Putin rescued the country from chaos .
Have patience .
Like I say to my American friends , it took you more than two hundred years to get where you want us to get in two hundred days .
A rural person feels a connection to the environment not just on a daily basis , but hourly .
The members of the nuclear club are not setting a good example for other countries .
They insist that other countries cannot develop nuclear weapons , while at the same time they strive to perfect their own .
Look at what happened in New Orleans .
Look at how big the blow was and how difficult the consequences are in dealing with such a blow .
Imagine what would happen in a situation where nuclear weapons were used .
Imagine the effect of the radiation .
It 's been years since the Chernobyl accident , and there are towns and villages where people do not live .
The towns are still there .
They have n't been torn down , but not a single person lives there .
So this is a very serious matter -- more than serious .
Nuclear weapons need to be abolished .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
My friend was at the rally against Prop.8 in florida and spotted his noodley appendages on a sign
- Ryan
SAQQARA , Egypt ( Reuters ) - Egyptian archaeologists have discovered a pyramid buried in the desert and thought to belong to the mother of a pharaoh who ruled more than 4,000 years ago , Egypt ’s antiquities chief said on Tuesday .
The pyramid , found about two months ago in the sand south of Cairo , probably housed the remains of Queen Sesheshet , the mother of King Teti , who ruled from 2323 to 2291 BC and founded Egypt ’s Sixth Dynasty , Zahi Hawass told reporters .
“ The only queen whose pyramid is missing is Shesheshet , which is why I am sure it belonged to her , ” Hawass said .
“ This will enrich our knowledge about the Old Kingdom . ”
The Sixth Dynasty , a time of conflict in Egypt ’s royal family and erosion of centralized power , is considered to be the last dynasty of the Old Kingdom , after which Egypt descended into famine and social upheaval .
Archaeologists had previously discovered pyramids belonging to two of the king ’s wives nearby , but had never found a tomb belonging to Sesheshet .
The headless , five - meter ( 16 - foot ) high pyramid originally reached about 14 meters , with sides 22 meters long , Hawass said .
The pyramid , which Hawass said was the 118th found in Egypt , was uncovered near the world ’s oldest pyramid at Saqqara , a burial ground for the rulers of ancient Egypt .
“ This may be the most complete subsidiary pyramid ever found at Saqqara , ” Hawass said .
The monument was originally covered in a casing of white limestone brought from quarries at nearby Tura , Hawass said .
Archaeologists plan to enter the pyramid ’s burial chamber within two weeks , although most of its contents are likely to have been taken by thieves , Hawass said .
Artifacts including a wooden statue of the ancient Egyptian god Anubis and funerary figurines dating from a later period indicate that the cemetery had been reused through Roman times , Hawass said .
A motorcycle gunman has shot and killed the editor of a Sri Lankan newspaper that has been highly critical of the country 's government .
Lasantha Wickramatunga , whose Sunday Leader newspaper has accused Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa 's government of corruption , was killed as he drove to work today in rush - hour traffic outside the capital , Colombo .
Associated Press reported that Wickramatunga was rushed to a nearby hospital for emergency surgery that lasted nearly three hours , but he died later of head wounds .
Police spokesman Ranjith Gunasekara said two gunmen rode up and opened fire on Wickramatunga .
He added that an investigation had been opened but no one had been arrested .
Wickramatunga 's brother Lal told Reuters that the gunman had smashed the window of his vehicle and shot at him .
Footage of the crime scene broadcast on Sri Lankan TV showed bullet holes in the windshield and blood splattered over the seat of Wickramatunga 's car .
The Sunday Leader is locked in a legal battle with the president 's brother , Sri Lankan defence secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa , who is suing the newspaper for defamation over stories it published alleging corruption , Reuters reported .
Rajapaksa has denied any wrongdoing .
This is the second major attack on the Sri Lankan media this week , following an assault by more than a dozen gunmen on the studios of the country 's biggest commercial broadcaster on Tuesday morning .
According to AP , the Sri Lankan government has denied it is behind the attacks and has appointed a committee to investigate .
In November , Amnesty International said Sri Lankan journalists face detentions and attacks , with at least 10 media employees killed since 2006 .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
According to 7tune , the people at Holiday Auto ( Japanese Magazine ) has offered few details about 2010 Acura NSX .
It seems that the new NSX will be powered by a 5.5 - liter 90 degree V10 engine to produce 600 PS ( 441 kW ) and 588 Nm ( 60 kg / m ) of torque .
This powerful engine will be equipped with Honda ’s Variable Cylinder Management ( VCM ) where it will shut down one bank of cylinders in constant speed driving situations which will reduce its capacity to 2.75 liters .
According to 7tune , the people at Holiday Auto ( Japanese Magazine ) has offered few details about 2010 Acura NSX .
It seems that the new NSX will be powered by a 5.5 - liter 90 degree V10 engine to produce 600 PS ( 441 kW ) and 588 Nm ( 60 kg / m ) of torque .
This powerful engine will be equipped with Honda ’s Variable Cylinder Management ( VCM ) where it will shut down one bank of cylinders in constant speed driving situations which will reduce its capacity to 2.75 liters .
2010 Acura NSX Review
It seems that Acura NSX will feature SH - AWD drive - train and weights under 1,5 t.
The car will also feature aerodynamic package such as : front bumper , front fender slits that will help expel air from the engine bay and reduce lift , side skirts and rear diffuser that will also help to direct air from the engine bay to the rear diffuser .
The rear spoiler will also reduce lift and increase down force for the car to be able to stay stable at the speed over 300 km/h .
2010 Acura NSX Review
The wheels will be from Bridgestone , RE070 R 255/30R19 at the front and 295/35R20 at the rear .
The 2010 Acura NSX is expected at around 16,000,000 yen and it will be rival for the Jaguar XKR and Aston Martin Vanquish .
2010 Acura NSX Review
You may be interested in :
Those waiting for a peek at Gov. Sarah Palin ’s personal finances are going to have to wait just a bit longer because of an agreement between the Federal Election Commission and the McCain campaign .
Federal law requires vice - presidential candidates to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of their nomination .
But the F.E.C. and the McCain campaign differed over the date of Ms. Palin ’s nomination .
The McCain campaign has said it believes the 30 - day deadline ends on Oct. 3 , 30 days after her nomination at the Republican National Convention on Sept.
4 . The F.E.C. had said that the 30 - day period began on Aug. 29 , when Senator John McCain named her as his running mate and changed the name of his campaign fund to the McCain - Palin Compliance Fund .
By the commission ’s calculations , the filing was due Sept. 29 .
So , letters between the campaign and the F.E.C. ensued .
Trevor Potter , the McCain campaign ’s general counsel , also said Ms. Palin needed extra time to prepare since she had never run for federal office before .
I 'm back
Yes , I know , 11 months it 's quite some time , but my computer died , I swear it !.
* The Plasma version used for this overview is 4.1.72 ( 4.2 ) *
Introduction
The desktop
Plasmoids
Plasma customization options
The Panel
It was criticized at the beginning of KDE 4 series that you could n't even resize it , now it has a pretty straight forward way of doing it , mixed with some extra option related with size and position , as you would note the icon plasma configuration button is in the panel too , this is only visible when plasmoids are unlocked :
Then you have other requested features , special mention to autohide :
The best part is that now you can drag and drop plasmoids between the panel and the desktop , and they will take their right form an size , and , as you can see , its using true transparency .
Kickoff
The controversial default menu of KDE 4 series , I personally like it , for those who do n't , the classic menu is still there .
Let 's see how it looks :
As you can see it shares the plasma theme , in the past , it looked like a Windows , quite out of place , and it 's fully resizeable now
.
You have 5 self - explanatory tabs , they can switch on hover ( my prefer mode ) or on click :
You have 5 self - explanatory tabs , they can switch on hover ( my prefer mode ) or on click :
This is the new shiny kicker ( which is obviously a Plasmoid containment )
It was criticized at the beginning of KDE 4 series that you could n't even resize it , now it has a pretty straight forward way of doing it , mixed with some extra option related with size and position , as you would note the icon plasma configuration button is in the panel too , this is only visible when plasmoids are unlocked : Then you have other requested features , special mention to autohide :
The best part is that now you can drag and drop plasmoids between the panel and the desktop , and they will take their right form an size , and , as you can see , its using true transparency .
Beyond the Desktop
KRunner
Task oriented ( quicksand )
Command oriented
I personally prefer the default one ( command oriented ) , both of them extend depending on the content , it integrates , for example , seamless with nepomuk ( description you add to your files trough dolphin )
Krunner is extremely powerful , I will give its own overview , stay tuned .
Fully plasma themed of course , it runs inside it own process , outside of plasma , so if plasma crashes you can still run commands , or bring plasma back itself .
It has two view modes : Task oriented ( quicksand ) Command orientedI personally prefer the default one ( command oriented ) , both of them extend depending on the content , it integrates , for example , seamless with nepomuk ( description you add to your files trough dolphin ) Krunner is extremely powerful , I will give its own overview , stay tuned .
worth
1... no wait , 2 more things
Web Browser Plasmoid
Previewer Plasmoid
See you later in the next issue , I swear you it will be in less than 1 year :)
Coming up next : Amarok 2
Stay Tuned
In KDE 3.5. x we had kicker , but for KDE 4 , it has been killed and replaced by the most famous part of the KDE technologies , known as Plasma .
Before introducing some of it's features , I will explain what Plasma is , fast , without entering in detail .
Plasma is , among other things , the new way of building your desktop , it works using Plasmoids , those Plasmoids are similar to Gadgets or Widgets .
Plasmoids are contained by ... well ... containments , this relantionship it's the secret of its flexibility .
The Desktop ( image background ) is a containment , you can put as many plasmoids as you want , those can create a normal interface showing your / desktop files , or you can put clocks , stocks viewers , media controls , pictures , etc .
However , the panel is a cointenment too , you can place your Plasmoids in your desktop or in the panel , Plasmoids will change their layout to match correctly their new containment .
The biggest point here , is that cointenments are Plasmoids too , so , in the future , people ( or KDE developers themself ) can ( and certainly will ) create new containments , of all kinds .
Making a OS X dock or a Windows 7 like taskbar should n't be that hard .
Having said that , lets go to what you 're really interested in , pretty screenshots !:
This is my current desktop ( yes , it 's gorgeous ) , it 's pretty clean and simple , however , there are several Plasmoid running there , clock ( 2 actually ) , weather , command line , folder view , menu , pager , windows list , device notifier , systray and those are pretty much all :)
But if you want a completely different desktop layout you can have it without any problem , go to the corner , click and select :
Then , do the impossible , drag and drop :) You could end with completely different interfaces : But , Do you remember what I said at the beginning ?
The desktop is a plasmoid containment , so , why can't I have two desktop containments ?
Ehm , you can !
Click and zoom out :
Then add as many as you want ;)
As you could see in those last 2 screenshots , Plasmoids are resizable and you can rotate them too , as well as configuring and removing them , how to ?
Easy , just hover while the plasmoids are unlocked :
And then , make some clicks and mouse movements , extremely easy , and since everything is svg , do n't worry about getting pixelated plasmoids ;) KDE has a beautiful dashboard too : Plasma is also 100 % themeable , and there are all of kind of themes , it will be pointless to post all of them , but you can find them here
And that is n't all , Plasma is compatible with many OS X dashboard and Google Gadgets , the last one is quite new , so I do n't have it on my system , but here you can see how you can add Dashboard widgets :
Do you like my theme ?
Well , there 's the new " Get Hot New Stuff " ( basely everywhere around KDE ) :
And you can mix different plasma themes to match your taste :) But plasma is extensible , now it displays notifications , no more uggly KDE 3.5.x pop-ups , yeah !: Tooltips are also gorgeous , by the way , if you 're wondering , the theme I use is called Arezzo ( but the following tooltip is from Elegance ) :
That 's all I can think off today , that said , there are , in my personal opinion , two Plasmoids whichtheir own part .
It use webkit as a backend , it is n't the fastest web browser ever , but it 's quite good anyway , you can zoom in / out text , reload , go back and forward .
It even has bookmarks :
You can add it to your desktop and then drop files in order to preview them , as you can see , you can browse recent previewed files :
However , the best part is that is integrated in the file manager as an action ( as somebody mentioned it was too time consuming to get to the action , let me add that it has its own keystroke : ctrl + delete , and you can customize it , I use a 2 spaces keystroke ) :
And then you get this , it 's extremely fast and good looking :
General Motors ' ( GM ) desperate restructuring plan is well underway .
Today , GM announced it will fire 5,000 salaried workers by November 1st .
For those scoring at home , that 's 15 % of the North American white collar workforce .
How is GM 's stock responding this morning ?
It 's down 7 % .
As far as the market is concerned , GM can't cut enough .
See Also :
General Motors ( GM ) Unveils Desperate Cost - Cuts , Eliminates Dividend ( GM )
General Motors ( GM ) Volt : Late , Overpriced , Money - Losing , and Dreamy ... But Beloved ( GM )
The search for jobs :
More people are attending job fairs
More US workers lost jobs last year than in any year since World War II , with employers axing 2.6 million posts and 524,000 in December alone .
The US jobless rate rose to 7.2 % in December , the highest in 16 years .
The official data came as plane - maker Boeing said it would cut 4,500 jobs this year at its commercial airline arm due to the global economic slowdown .
US President - elect Barack Obama said that the economic situation is dire and action is urgently needed .
" Clearly the situation is dire .
It is deteriorating and it demands urgent and immediate action , " he told a news conference .
He added that he was making good progress on in talks with Congress on a new stimulus package - estimated to cost $ 800 bn ( £ 526bn ) .
Shares fell on the news of the job losses , with the main Dow Jones index ending Friday trading down 143 points or 1.6 % to 8,599 .
Oil prices slipped more than $ 1 a barrel to below $ 41 a barrel .
The rise in unemployment raised fears of slackening demand for oil .
Jobs blow
The annual jobless total was higher than expected , partly because jobless figures in November and October were revised upwards .
November 's job losses were revised to 584,000 from 533,000 while October 's losses were revised to 423,000 from 320,000 .
More than half of the job losses last year were in the last four months of the year .
Analysts had forecast that 550,000 jobs would go in December .
Most December job losses were in the service sector , which shed 273,000 jobs .
Manufacturing jobs fell by 149,000 in December , while employment in construction fell by 101,000 , with retailers cutting staff by 67,000 .
Some of those lucky enough not to lose their jobs , had their hours reduced .
The number of aggregate hours worked in December fell 0.2 hours to 33.3 hours , the lowest level since records began in 1964 .
WHERE THE JOBS WERE LOST Factories : 791,000 Retail : 522,000 Temporary work : 490,000 Construction : 630,000 2008 figures from US Labor Department
Why unemployment is rising " The drop in average hours worked in this employment report suggests that the first quarter is going to be very , very weak , " said Cary Leahey , economist at Decision Economics .
The number of people who worked part time - because their hours had been cut back or because they were unable to get full - time work - increased by 3.4 million to 8 million in the last 12 months .
Boeing cuts
Boeing said its job cuts would affect staff at its factories in the Seattle area .
It added that many of the reductions will be in roles not directly associated with aircraft manufacturing .
The cuts are due to occur between April and June .
Boeing says those affected will receive 60 - day notices starting in late February .
Its announcement comes after AT&T , the telecoms giant , said last month that it was reducing its workforce by 4 % and cutting 12,000 positions .
' Ugly and getting uglier ' Anthony Conroy , head trader at Bny Convergex , said : " Well , the numbers look better than I think many were anticipating .
I had heard anywhere from 500,000 to about a million , so it 's definitely better than anticipated . "
Other analysts found little consolation in the figures .
" No matter how you look at it , these are dismal numbers , " said Matt Esteve , foreign exchange trader at Tempus Consulting .
Added Richard Yamarone , chief economist of Argus Research : " The job situation is ugly and is going to get uglier .
There 's no reason to expect hiring anytime in the next three to six months .
We are not going to see any hiring until the government steps in and acts . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most stylish clutch bags hold a lipstick , credit card and a set of house keys at most .
Designer Vivienne Tam 's peony - print clutch has a much greater capacity : at least 60 gigabytes .
When the world 's first " digital clutch " went on sale in Harrods yesterday , it was to be found in the electronics department , rather than amid the rows of other designer bags .
Pretty , practical , and pinkish , the HP Mini 1000 Vivienne Tam is the latest attempt by electronics companies to cash in on a burgeoning market for chic , female - friendly technology .
The computer firm Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) , which makes the device , claims it provides " a full couture experience " , with co-ordinated graphics , accessories , and matching protective sleeve .
Based on the Hong Kong - born designer 's " China chic " style , it is being billed as " a bold fashion statement for cosmopolitan women " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Susi Weaser , editor of ShinyShiny , a technology website aimed at women , said the new clutch represents " the first time that a well - known fashion designer has actually designed something like this , not just stuck a flower on it or something " .
She added : " Women want gadgets that work well and look good , and we should n't have to sacrifice one for the other .
Apple has got a lot to do with it : the iPhone looks so good it is untrue . "
HP is not the first electronics firm , however , to disguise what have traditionally been considered geeky , functional products as glamorous accessories .
When Philips teamed up with Swarovski to produce a USB key hidden in a heart pendant on a silver silk cord , the collaboration was hugely successful , despite the hefty £ 103 price tag .
High - end fashion designers , including Armani and Prada , have also put their names to sleek mobile phones .
" Designers often get involved in unusual collaborations , especially in the technological field .
It takes them out of their comfort zone and produces some interesting results .
The Prada / LG phone is the epitome of chic , " said Emma Elwick , markets editor at Vogue magazine .
According to figures from market research agency GFK , 8.3 million laptops were sold last year in the UK , 600,000 of which were netbooks .
That share looks set to increase this year , with total laptop sales also expected to grow to 9.7 million – a market worth £ 4bn .
Sony also recently entered the market with the purse - sized Vaio P laptop , which is 6.9 inches long and 0.8 inches thick .
Although the Vaio P is one of the lightest laptops on the market , weighing in at only 1lb 6 oz , the basic model costs a hefty £ 849 .
The mini-laptop or netbook is tipped to be the fastest - growing gadget of 2009 .
Small , efficient , and usually cheaper than their full - size contemporaries , they are especially popular among women , as they are small enough to fit inside a handbag .
" Size is important .
Things like women 's magazines are all handbag - sized now , " said Jane Zeal of HP .
But some question whether the designer clutch and similar glamorous netbooks offer real value for money , or if consumers are just paying for the label .
At £ 449 , the Mini Vivienne Tam is expensive for a 10in screen , Intel Atom 1.6
Ghz processor , 60 - gigabyte hard drive , webcam and Bluetooth connectivity .
Some computer experts are unimpressed with its technical credentials .
" Ask HP execs why the HP Mini 1000 Vivienne Tam edition costs $ 275 ( £ 202 ) more than an identically configured HP Mini 1000 – both of which are very good netbooks – and they just smile , " said John Morris , editor of PC Magazine .
But Ms Weaser insisted specification comes secondary to style : " If you buy an Armani suit you 'll pay over the odds for it ; the same goes for a laptop . "
As consumers grow more technically savvy and demanding , electronics firms that are unable to provide unique technological features are seeking fashion or celebrity endorsement of their gadgets to help to boost sales .
U2 has signed a range of iPods , while Samsung has its Beyoncé - endorsed B'phone .
And celebrites customising their mobile phones with Swarovski crystals , as the model Kimberly Stewart has done , add a touch of feminine bling .
You could n’t make this stuff up if you tried .
OK , I ’m on the phone with Joel Comm right now .
He ’s been doing business online since 1995 .
He ’s the co-creator of Yahoo Games .
He wrote the Adsense Code , which got onto New York Times best selling list .
He hosted and produced the first Internet reality show called the Next Internet Millionaire .
He was the guy who came up with iFart , which got to be the # 1 iPhone app on the iTunes store for three weeks .
He also has “ Twitter Power , ” a book about Twitter coming out next month .
You can find Joel on Twitter here .
Translation : he ’s not a “ nobody ” on the Internet who is a spammer .
But , Facebook had a problem with him and kicked him off .
Just like Facebook did to me just about a year ago .
Why did this happen ?
Well , he like me , has 4,999 friends which is the maximum allowed by Facebook .
That ’s not what got him in trouble .
“ So , Scoble , why you writing about him ? ”
Here ’s why : he has 900 people who want to be his friend on Facebook .
So , since he can’t add them to his social graph he sends them an a nice individual note , customized each time .
He would look at each person ’s profile and send them a nice note .
What did the notes say ?
Something like “ nice seeing you at XYZ conference , I ca n’t add you as a friend because Facebook does n’t let me add more than 4,999 friends so could you please join me over on my fan page ? ”
Sometimes also he ’d send them over to his book page , or his Twitter page .
Again , he customized each message to the person who was asking .
Nothing automatic .
But yesterday Facebook disabled his account and removed his account from the public social graph .
“ I am the invisible man . ”
Facebook did exactly the same thing to me a year ago .
You still can get to his fan page , but he ca n’t administer it any longer ( he has 734 fans ) .
He also has a group on Facebook , which has more than 2,000 members .
Fifty people have already joined a group to petition to have Joel added back to Facebook .
“ So , why did they kick him off ? ”
Because he triggered some sort of automatic alert that he was participating in spamming behavior .
“ Did you get a warning , ” I asked Comm .
“ Yes .
When we were sending the messages we got a warning and we stopped , ” Comm says .
“ Why did they kick you off then ? ” I asked .
“ I do n’t know , I stopped after they warned me .
They kicked me off two days later .
I have 900 people waiting to hear from me wondering why I ’m ignoring them , ” he told me .
“ I try to log in now and it says my account is disabled .
He sent them an inquiry and he got an email on January 22 at 1:42 p.m. Mountain Time .
It says “ Hi . The Facebook team has received your inquiries .
We should get back to you soon .
In the meantime , we encourage you to review our terms of use ( http://www.facebook.com/terms.php ) .
For more information .
Thanks for contacting Facebook . — the Facebook team . ”
Comm has no access to his photos .
No access to his videos .
No access to his wall posts .
“ I have no access , period , ” he says .
He wrote about the whole experience on his blog .
I Googled his Facebook account and , right now , get a “ Page Not Found ” error .
He has been “ erased . ”
I had almost the same experience a year ago and got more than 600 comments on that post .
Every few days a new person leaves a sob story of getting kicked off of Facebook .
I ’ve complained about this quite a few times , including in public at SXSW when Mark Zuckerberg spoke at Facebook ’s developer event there in 2008 .
I also have talked with Chris Putnam , head of Facebook ’s video and security teams , as well as Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook ’s Chief Operating Officer .
Each time they say they will look into it .
Each time nothing happens and the account disabling continues .
My account was closed like Joel ’s although Facebook reinstated my account within 24 hours .
I answered my email just like Joel did .
Nicely and calmly .
But I always assumed that getting to the top of TechMeme and getting hundreds of blogs to talk about the event helped get me reinstated too .
Irony :
He wrote a 30 page report on Facebook on how social networking can improve your business which was very positive about Facebook .
Comm , like me , says he ’ll be back on Facebook if they reenable his account but warns that people will get tired of this kind of treatment .
“ You know what , I do n’t need big brother watching me and I ’ll go use another site . ”
Get Satisfaction , a site where you can leave customer complains for companies , has an extensive thread on this issue .
I agree .
I refuse to use Facebook to conduct business and do n’t upload many videos or photos there because I do n’t support companies that “ erase ” MY data without my permission .
I know of no other social network that does this in this way .
“ So , Scoble , how should Facebook keep from having spammers take over its site ?
What should it do if it finds a legitimate spammer ? ”
If I were in charge at Facebook I would have a “ jail . ”
If you broke the rules I ’d move your account into “ jail . ”
Everyone would be able to get to it , although you might have an icon that indicates the account has been thrown into jail .
I would also turn off certain features on the account .
I would just turn off messaging , for instance , if that person was abusing messaging .
Or , turn off his / her ability to write on wall posts if he ’s abusing privileges there .
I would NEVER delete or erase data .
That ’s highly unethical and really stupid when you need the trust of your users .
Right now Facebook can do no wrong .
It is getting 450,000 new users a day .
So , they do n’t care .
But what about in four years when growth slows down and people discover a better system ?
I bet that they will wish they paid more attention to those issues then ( sort of like Microsoft wishes it paid more attention to being a nice citizen back in the 1990s because it would help them get a better search service going today ) .
This week at the World Economic Forum I expect I ’ll be seeing several executives from Facebook ( they told me they were going ) .
I ’ll bring this issue up again with them and see if they have a better answer than they ’ve had to date .
What do you think ?
Official Resistance Berlin District Posts Warning About Scientology
A poster denouncing Scientology has gone up on a public kiosk outside the Scientology headquarters in Berlin .
Local officials warn that Scientology may be " undemocratic " -- part of an ongoing battle between Berlin and the guardians of L. Ron Hubbard 's belief system .
Van Rossum , the Delaware Riverkeeper and head of the nonprofit advocacy group the Delaware Riverkeeper Network , said the current plan stopped far short of full restoration .
" It seems there 's this great disparity , " she said .
" They were talking about 1,700 acres of wetlands damaged , yet talking about restoration to only 300 acres of wetlands .
They talked about six tributaries being damaged , but they talk about work on only one . "
I think I have successfully pinpointed the biggest problem with society .
— — — —
–
As you may or may not have noticed , we ’ve implemented the lovely Oh No Robot transcription and search service , which you ’ve probably seen used by many other webcomics .
At the top of the archive page you can now search the text of any comic , which is pretty darn handy .
This search only works on comics that have been transcribed , however , so we need your help !
At the bottom of any comic that has not yet been transcribed ( which is a good chunk of them , at the moment ) you ’ll see a “ Transcribe this comic ” button .
If you have a spare minute , please hit that button and copy down the text and narrate the action using the provided formatting guidelines .
After that , upon approval that comic will become searchable , and thanks to you anyone in the future who wants to find “ giant robot with machine gun for dick ” will be able to do so quickly and easily .
What a service you have rendered for humanity !
It ’s a good feeling .
A big , big thanks to everyone who has already submitted transcriptions .
Extra high - fives to Turgid , who has done approximately thirty billion transcriptions as of today , but if you ’ve done even one we thoroughly appreciate it .
- Alex
Did you know that a river could cool the second tallest skyscraper on the planet or that chicken droppings could power thousands of homes ?
Unlike solar and wind power generators , earth - based energy sources such as geothermal or biomass power systems are often completely invisible in the finished design of a building with one .
However , in hidden partnership with other sustainable systems biomass and thermal energy strategies have been incorporated into the design and construction of some amazing architectural structures .
Here are some particularly compelling real - life architectural and design applications of ‘ earth energy ’ ( with more general history and information on biomass and geothermal power after the gallery ) .
Click to enlarge the images and learn more :
( Advantages of &) How Geothermal Power Works
Geothermal power has come a long way from the first geothermal generator that lit four light bulbs from a dry steam field in Italy just over 100 years ago .
A few years later a geothermal power plant was built on that very spot – but the next was n’t constructed until New Zealand built one in 1958 .
Since then , however , this buried treasure – the subterranean power of the planet – has gained more and more attention and is now slowly taking center stage with wind , solar and clean coal power in the global search for alternative sustainable energy sources .
One of the most useful features of geothermal energy is its scalability .
This versatile power source can be used to generate energy via gigantic power plants or to heat and cool small homes and many things in between .
In the case of larger power producers : the heat of the ground is tapped into in various ways and converted into electricity , while in smaller scale applications : cool or hot air or liquid in a home ( for example ) is passed through the ground and heated or cooled .
As of right now geothermal power accounts for only 1 % of the world ’s energy consumption but it is growing in popularity now more than ever before .
Unfortunately , geothermal energy is perhaps not as clean , simple and sustainable as it might seem at first glance .
There are significant environmental concerns that come with producing thermal power – particularly at larger scales .
In some cases too much heat can be drawn up which causes the area to cool and become useless for further power generation .
Dry and flash steam power plants can create emissions similar to those generated by burning fossil fuels ( though on a much smaller scale ) .
However , despite these drawbacks geothermal power deserves strong consideration alongside other sustainable alternative energy strategies and a restructured approach to global energy .
( Advantages of &) How Biomass Power Works
Biomass fuel sources have enjoyed a mixed history of successes , failures and controversies .
Fundamentally , biofuels are based on sustainable and renewable organic sources .
However , they can result in harmful emissions and the growth of biomaterials can result in the depletion of land resources that could be productively put toward other uses such as the growth of food .
Still , there are many cases in which turning waste or organically grown material into fuel is the most efficient use of materials and environmentally viable .
Sudeep Reddy reports on economics and politics .
The Senate Finance Committee has taken special interest in recent years in tax - preparation software , trying to encourage taxpayers to file electronically .
So perhaps it should n’t have been surprising that tax software came up at the confirmation hearing for Timothy Geithner , President Barack Obama ‘s nominee for Treasury secretary .
Geithner has been mired in controversy over his failure to pay certain taxes earlier this decade during his time as an International Monetary Fund official .
Sen .
Chuck Grassley , the Finance Committee ’s top Republican , ran through a long list of questions about Geithner ’s tax decisions .
Geithner said he filed his own taxes in 2001 and 2002 .
“ Did you use software to prepare your 2001 and 2002 tax returns ? ” Grassley asked
“ I did , ” Geithner said .
“ Which brand did you use ? ” Grassley asked .
Geithner , chuckling , appeared resistant at first .
“ I ’ll answer that question , sir , but I want to say these are my responsibility , not the tax software ’s responsibility . ”
Then he got to the point : “ But I used TurboTax to prepare my returns . ”
Asked whether the software prompted him to report income and pay self - employment taxes on his IMF income , Geithner said , “ Not to my recollection . ”
It would ’ve been highly unlikely for off - the - shelf tax software to include provisions for IMF workers ’ highly unusual tax arrangements .
And if Geithner failed to feed the proper information into his software , of course , it would n’t provide any warnings .
But the word was out .
And TurboTax maker Intuit Inc. was forced to respond .
“ Each year , millions of Americans use TurboTax to accurately prepare and file their federal and state tax returns , ” Dan Maurer , senior vice president and general manager of TurboTax , said in a statement late this afternoon .
“ The software helps taxpayers report their income and find the deductions and credits they ’re entitled to claim .
TurboTax , and all software and in - person tax preparation services , base their calculations on the information users provide when completing their returns .
TurboTax also has built - in error - checking tools that routinely catch common taxpayer mistakes .
Federal law and our own privacy policy prohibit us from discussing specifics of any customer ’s return . ”
Intuit shares rose 71 cents today to $ 23.49 , or 3.1 % on a day the Nasdaq composite index rose 4.6 % .
The stock took a noticeable drop after Geithner made his remarks just before 11 a.m. , but that move appears to track a dip in the broader market .
Read more on the Geithner confirmation hearing at the Journal ’s Real Time Economics blog .
But beyond the glow of this sudden efflorescence that made Ireland the fourth most - affluent country in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , a housing bubble had begun to form .
Low interest rates , a wave of inward immigration and a bank lending spree drove housing ’s share of the economy to 14 percent , the highest in Europe , from 5 percent , according to research done by Finfacts , a financial Web site that analyzes the Irish economy .
Developers like Mr. Dunne became multimillionaires and  much like the hedge fund and private - equity elite in America  became visible public and cultural figures .
They were living large in a country just coming to grips with its ability to show a little swagger .
Ireland ’s policy makers , like their counterparts in the United States and Britain , were seduced by record tax inflows and a full - employment economy .
They paid little heed to the lonely voices that warned of the crash that finally came over the summer , when interest rates in Europe began to rise .
Banks that had steered more than 60 percent of their loans toward property stopped lending , and asset values plummeted .
“ We have repeatedly warned that the government ’s housing policy was extremely dangerous , ” said John Fitz Gerald , an economist at the Economic and Social Research Institute , a leading policy center in Dublin , who has long urged that the government stanch housing demand by raising taxes .
“ You will now see unemployment going to 10 percent and we will experience a sharp drop in output . ”
He shakes his head and sighs : “ This was predictable , but the government just did not deal with it . ”
BY wide consensus here , two events have come to define  both culturally and financially  the sweep and excess of the Irish property boom .
Both revolve around Sean Dunne .
In July 2005 , Mr. Dunne paid 379 million euros for a seven - acre plot in the exclusive Ballsbridge neighborhood of Dublin and promptly announced that he would tear down the two luxury hotels on the site to build a high - end commercial and residential development .
That deal amounted to 54 million euros an acre , one of the highest amounts ever paid for land in Europe .
His subsequent architectural plan featured a soaring Dubai - like office tower cut in the shape of a diamond that anchored a futuristic community of expensive houses and glamorous shops , and the price tag of one billion euros shocked Dubliners with its gall and ambition .
The FIA has issued its official entry list for the Formula 1 World Championship .
There are no real surprises on the list .
The list is as follows : 1 , Lewis Hamilton ( Vodafone McLaren Mercedes ) ; 2 , Heikki Kovalainen ( Vodafone McLaren Mercedes ) ; 3 , Kimi Raikkonen ( Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro ) ; 4 , Felipe Massa ( Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro ) ; 5 , Robert Kubica ( BMW Sauber F1 ) ; 6 , Nick Heidfeld ( BMW Sauber F1 ) ; 7 , Fernando Alonso ( ING Renault F1 Team ) ; 8 , Nelson Piquet ( ING Renault F1 Team ) ; 9 , Jarno Trulli ( Panasonic Toyota Racing ) ; 10 , Timo Glock ( Panasonic Toyota Racing ) ; 11 , Sebastien Buemi ( Scuderia Toro Rosso ) ; 12 , TBA ( Scuderia Toro Rosso ) ; 14 , Mark Webber ( Red Bull Racing ) ; 15 , Sebastian Vettel ( Red Bull Racing ) ; 16 , Nico Rosberg ( AT&T Williams ) ; 17 , Kazuki Nakajima ( AT&T Williams ) ; 18 , TBA ( Honda Racing F1 ) ; 19 , TBA ( Honda Racing F1 ) ; 20 , Adrian Sutil ( Force India F1 ) ; 21 , Giancarlo Fisichella ( Force India F1 ) .
The FIA noted that the Honda team is for sale , but an entry was made under that name .
IN the ad campaign that introduced the Volkswagen Routan , the actress Brooke Shields worries that women are getting pregnant just so they can experience German engineering in the form of a minivan .
Putting aside the mild hilarity of that premise  akin , perhaps , to saying that people are committing seppuku so they can buy those cool Japanese ceramic knives  it is n’t even true .
The 2009 Routan is n’t engineered by Germans , unless you count the ones who used to work for DaimlerChrysler .
It is merely a rebadged , slightly rebodied , mildly retuned Chrysler minivan .
Volkswagen changed only the exterior lights , rear glass , front grille , select parts of the interior and some settings for the suspension and steering .
And yet , as if to obscure further the Routan ’s provenance , VW exhorts Web users to “ have a virtual baby for German engineering ” at a dedicated minisite : vw.com/vwhype/babymaker/en/us/.
Yikes !
Tone - deafness is the Routan ’s defining characteristic , and only the accounting department seems not to care : Volkswagen of America wanted its own version of the best - selling Chrysler van to protect itself from currency fluctuations  the Routan rolls out of Chrysler ’s minivan plant in Windsor , Ontario  and to have a three - row vehicle to offer its aging , child - bearing constituency .
If VW is to have any hope of reaching its goal of 800,000 American sales a year by 2018 , it needs a big family hauler .
The Routan , the thinking goes , gives VW the benefits without the sacrifice .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Freescale said Monday it would offer an ARM - based chip that could lead to a $ 200 Linux - based netbook , offering about twice the amount of usage on a single battery charge as Intel ’s ( s INTC )
Atom processor allows .
Freescale ’s efforts are nothing new ( only AMD ( s AMD ) has so far stayed above the netbook fray ) , but it did get me thinking about how Intel ’s endless pushing of netbooks has , ironically , helped destroy the hegemony of x86 machines for personal computing .
Instead of being stuck with an x86 chip from Intel or AMD powering your computer , in the coming year you ’ll see everything from netbooks to mobile internet devices running on ARM processors .
Other machines will offload more processing to the graphics processor .
This is great for consumers , who will soon be able to choose a computer that fits their lifestyle , much like a car buyer chooses between a minivan or sports car .
Categories will likely evolve around the type of computing jobs someone plans for the machine , input devices , mobility and power requirements .
Our colleagues over at jkOnTheRun do n’t believe smartphones are computers , but they ’re discounting the fact that computing has moved beyond word processing and spreadsheets to encompass everything from social networking to commerce .
As a reporter who spends her days typing more than 2,000 words , I love my full - size keyboard , but there are plenty of people who can survive using phones to access Twitter and their banking software .
In the developing world , mobile phones are being used for everything from web access to setting pricing for their livestock .
Computing has broadened far beyond the cubicle culture .
I only need to watch my dad , an electrical engineer , manipulate circuits in a CAD - style design program with his mouse all day to realize that a touchscreen device with intensive graphics processing power might be a better tool for his work .
Freed from the x86 instruction set , it ’s possible that computing in the coming years could become less of a one - size - fits all model and more personalized , while the use of other common processors such as GPUs or ARM - based chips can allow personalization without huge increases in the price of a gadget .
The key will be fitting the pieces together in cost - effective products , and making sure users know exactly what their personalized machines can and cannot do .
In addition to more transparent marketing , there needs to be a focus on other input methods such as speech or even gestures , as well as a change in the way software is developed .
Software companies have to port their programs to a variety of processors to keep up with the expansion of heterogeneous computing .
Witness Adobe ’s efforts to get Flash released on PCs ( x 86 chips ) and mobiles ( ARM architecture ) at the same time .
And Adobe ( s ADBE ) has to address embedded efforts too , especially since electronics makers want to turn the TV into a web - connected device .
So , while chips such as those from Freescale may not end up in a consumer netbook , they could find a home powering a low - cost tablet for inventory managment .
Instead of focusing on the ever - shifting definition of netbooks , perhaps we should be thinking about ways computing should and will change to fit our lives .
We 've seen plenty of units from overseas manufacturers , but the Logic Bolt will be the first US cellphone on the market with a tiny projector squeezed inside .
Advertisement
Scheduled for release next month at a pre-contract price between $ 400 and $ 500 ( or $ 100 w/ contract ) , the Logic Bolt is a GSM handset with a 320x240 touchscreen , 3MP camera , 4GB storage and MicroSD expansion .
Using a bundled adapter , the phone can accept VGA and RCA inputs , passing the signal on for built - in 640x480 projection ( or it can obviously play any preloaded media straight from the phone ) .
The battery can only last 2 hours in projection mode , so a second battery comes bundled with the phone .
Advertisement
As you can see , the projection quality does n't exactly dazzle , but in all fairness , these shots were taken under the less ideal bright conditions of the show floor .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Manufacturer Logic Wireless hopes to release a CDMA / WinMO version of the phone in the next four months , and they 're planning a 2.0 version of the product with QWERTY and possibly Android by the end of 2009 .
Welcome to celebrity cats : a whole new kind of personality cult .
From the infamous Grim Reaper kitty to the feline made station chief to the wannabe meteorologist cat , the internet is full of humorous tales of cats who seem to think they ’re humans – or at least act like them .
If you ’ve run out of lolcats , here are some of the funniest and strangest stories about cats you ’ll ever read .
( And here ’s hoping you do n’t get in trouble like Google did . )
The Grim Reaper
( Images via MSNBC )
Forget Joe Black .
Meet Oscar the Cat .
This perceptive kitty is so good at predicting death , the workers at the nursing home where Oscar lives call family members when Oscar makes his move .
He curls up next to sickly residents , and when he does , it usually means they have only a few hours to live .
Four , to be exact .
He ’s so good , he ’s predicted 25 deaths .
But he ’s not a cuddly type .
The two - year - old cat is noted for being aloof and businesslike – doctors and nurses explain that he “ seems to take his work very seriously ” , making rounds , sniffing and checking on patients routinely .
Watch the video here .
The Station Chief
( Image via wikipedia )
Tama the cat is no ordinary feline .
She ’s station chief of the Kishi train station in Wakayama Prefecture in Japan .
It all began when Japan ’s Kishigawa Line switched from manned to unmanned stations in 2006 to save money .
Local small business owners and employees were selected to greet passengers ; except in the case of Kishi , where Tama was made the station master in 2007 .
Tama ’s duty is to greet people .
Her salary is cat food .
Tama ’s sure been good for business : it is estimated that she increased traffic by 10 % and added 1.1 billion yen to the local economy .
Tama was promoted to super station master in 2008 and is the only female in the company in a managerial position .
She has two cat assistants and an office .
Tourist Kitty
( Image via Daily Mail )
A mystery cat nicknamed Macavity routinely hops on the city bus to go to the shops .
Reportedly , the blue - and - green - eyed feline ’s favorite is the fish and chips shop .
He takes the bus 2 to 3 times weekly , getting off at a few different shops , and has been doing so since January 2007 .
He ’s unaccompanied by an owner ; he just seems to enjoy taking the bus .
Weather Kitty
( Image via Cat Connection )
A cat recently ventured into the television studios of a German news station with apparent aspirations for the camera – catching the meteorologist quite off guard .
After the initial surprise of a cat joining the forecast , the weatherman decided to make the cat feel more comfortable by picking him up and holding him as he delivered the weather report .
Toilet Ninjas of the Interwebs
Many cats are easily trained in the fine art of using the toilet .
It ’s perhaps fortunate that such a predisposition for toilet use exists in cats ; it ’s perhaps unfortunate that said cats ’ owners choose to put videos of this talent on the internet .
Consider yourself warned .
Interested in training your cat ?
Click here .
Libby the Seeing Eye Cat
( Image via sfpnn )
Libby the seeing - eye cat has become quite the web celeb : “ Who says cats and dogs ca n’t get along ?
Libby serves as the eyes and ears for old Cashew , a 14 - year - old blind and deaf Lab .
No one taught Libby to guide Cashew to food and water or keep him out of harm ’s way ; she took it upon herself to care for him and steer him around .
They ’re inseparable friends . ”
Interested in more lovable pet antics ?
See Tales of Amazing Heroic Pets and The World ’s Most Outrageous Pet Houses .
How To Defend Against Software Patent FUD - Jonathan Pryor 's web log
« openSUSE 11.1 : Where 'd my hostname go ?
| Main | Extension Method Documentation »
You do n't .
Bwa - ha - ha - ha - ha - ha - ha¹⁰⁰⁰ .
Context : for years , Mono has been the target of FUD because of potential software patent issues .
For years the Mono community has attempted to defend from these attack , sometimes successfully .
Recently , someone asked on mono - list about ways to pre-emptively answer the FUD so that it would become a non-issue .
I responded , and had several people suggest that I blog it .
Here we go .
To begin , there are several problems with defending against software patent FUD , starting with software patents themselves :
I imagine that most people reading this will agree with the first three points , so it is the fourth that I will attempt to focus on .
Specifically , the anti-Mono FUDsters seem to spend so much time on a tree ( Microsoft ) that they either miss or minimize the forest of actual patent problems , patent trolls , etc .
So for once , I 'll ( non-seriously ) throw the FUD :
A long time ago , Wang created a patent that " covered a method by which a program can get help from another computer application to complete a task . "
Microsoft licensed the patent from Wang .
Sun did not .
In 1997 , Eastman Kodak Company bought Wang , thus acquiring this patent .
Kodak then sued Sun , claiming that Java infringed this patent .
Kodak won , and they later settled out of court .
Now , for my non-serious steaming pile of FUD , in the form of a question : Did Sun acquire the ability to sublicense these patents from Kodak ?
If Sun can sublicense the patents , then GPL'd Java is fine .
If Sun can't , then Java can not be GPL'd , and any company making use of Java could be subject to a lawsuit from Kodak .
( I would hope that this is yes , but I have no idea , and the lack of patent sub - licensing has come up before . )
So do we need to worry about Java ?
I have no idea .
I mention it to raise a larger point :
It Does n't Matter .
Anyone can hold a patent , for anything , and sue anyone at any time .
Thus , Gnome is not free of patent issues , KDE is not free of patent issues , Linux is not free of patent issues , Python is not free of patent issues , Ruby is not free of patent issues ....
Nothing is free of patent issues .
( Consider : do you think that the Python Software Foundation has signed a patent license with Kodak ?
Has Red Hat ?
I doubt it .
Furthermore , I find it hard to believe that something as flexible as Python would n't violate the aforementioned Wang patent , especially when you get into COM interop / etc. on Windows ... )
Having said the above , a related question becomes :
How do you avoid violating someone 's patents ?
You do n't ( insert more laughter ) .
You could try restricting yourself to only using software that 's at least 20 years old , but you wo n't gain many users that way .
It also wo n't work , for at least two reasons : ( 1 ) submarine patents -- not all patents that would have been in effect 20 years ago have necessarily expired ( though submarine patents should n't exist for ~ too much longer ) ; and ( 2 ) look at the drug patent industry , where to prevent patented drugs from " going generic " the drug companies take the patent - expired drug(s ) , combine them with other drugs , then patent the result .
I do n't think it will take too long for Software companies to start doing this if they feel that it 's necessary , and once they do , even using known - patent - expired programs wo n't be safe , as merely combining them together may be covered by an unexpired patent .
Yay .
The only other way to avoid software patents is to perform a patent search , which is extremely tricky ( as software patents are deliberately vague ) , and if you miss a patent and get sued over it , you 're now liable for treble damages .
You 're almost always better to not look at software patents .
( Is n't it funny how something that was supposed to " promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts " can't be used by those it 's supposed to help ?
Is n't it hilarious ? )
With all this in mind , you can see why patent FUD is hard to fight , because there 's no way to dismiss it .
Software patents are a reality , they 're ugly , but they can't be avoided .
( Yet they must be ignored , to avoid increased liability . )
My problem is that the anti-Mono people only seem to focus on patents with respect to Mono and Microsoft , ignoring the rest of the software industry .
They 're ignoring the ( gigantic ) forest so that they can pay attention to a single tree , Microsoft .
What I find even " funnier " is that Microsoft supposedly holds a number of patents in a number of areas frequently used by open - source projects , such as HTML , CSS , C++ , XML , and others .
So why do n't we ever see any suggestions to avoid these technologies because the Big Bad Microsoft might sue ?
For that matter , ( again ) considering how vague software patents tend to be , would n't many Microsoft patents on .NET stand a chance at being applicable toward Java , Python , and other projects ?
( Again )
Why just focus on Mono ?
Final note : I am a Software Engineer , not a patent lawyer .
Feel free to ignore the entire rant , but I would appreciate it if a little more thought went into all the anti-Mono propaganda .
Disqus
Tomorrow , Detroit ’s automakers are expected to give Congress a detailed plan that explains exactly how they intend to use $ 25 billion in taxpayer funding to engineer a turnaround — no doubt refueling the nationwide debate over the auto industry bailout .
Meanwhile , venture capital funding for innovative automotive technologies has accelerated dramatically over the past five years .
Investment data reviewed by Xconomy shows venture deals in automotive startups have increased by more than 2,979 percent — from a near - standing start of $ 8.1 million put into five deals in 2003 to more than $ 250 million and two dozen deals in just the first nine months of 2008 ( see charts at the end of this article ) .
Bill Klehm , CEO of Fallbrook Technologies , a San Diego startup which itself has raised some $ 25 million to help it develop a gearless transmission , says he laughs when he hears Detroit auto executives fret about competing against China ’s low - cost manufacturing .
“ Nobody should be worried that the Chinese are coming , ” Klehm says .
“ But the U.S. automakers should be concerned that the U.S. entrepreneurs are coming . ”
While total VC funding for automotive startups is relatively small — venture firms put more than $ 1.35 billion into U.S. biotech companies in just three months that ended in September — the explosive growth in automotive deals reflects a phase change among VC firms nationwide .
( The total also is clearly an underestimate , since it does not include startups such as battery developer A123 Systems of Watertown , MA , which counts major carmakers in the United States and Europe as its largest target market . )
“ They are realizing that there is a big gap between consumer demand and the supply of the kinds of vehicles that the country is going to need , ” says Bilal Zuberi , who specializes in energy and cleantech deals at General Catalyst Partners , a $ 1.7 billion venture firm in Cambridge , MA .
“ It ’s a difficult industry , but there are opportunities .
It is a $ 100 billion industry in which innovations are really needed , really fast . ”
Any automotive technologies that can help the big three U.S. automakers meet tougher fuel economy standards and other “ pain points ” could be helpful , says Boston lawyer Tom Burton , who heads the energy and cleantech practice of the Mintz Levin law firm .
“ In the last year and a half , we ’ve really seen an uptick in the VC flow into these companies , ” says Burton , who has been involved in the financing of several deals .
“ The downturn in the economy and the fact that Detroit is battered is what creates an opportunity for many of these guys . ”
Fallbrook Technologies CEO
Klehm contends the opportunity is big enough to drive a truck through .
Companies and small businesses that operate delivery fleets are searching for ways they can retrofit their trucks and vans to reduce fuel costs , which were acutely painful when gasoline was more than $ 4 a gallon , Klehm says .
At Wal - Mart , for example , Klehm says a 1 percent improvement in fuel economy is worth $ 52 million .
“ Ford is talking about improving the fuel economy of next year ’s lineup , ” he says .
“ Fleet operators need solutions today .
They do n’t need promises for the next year . ”
As a result , the surge in VC funding is spreading well beyond high - profile startups like Silicon Valley ’s Tesla Motors , which has developed a high - performance , all - electric sports car … Next Page »
Bruce V. Bigelow was the editor of Xconomy San Diego from 2008 to 2018 .
Read more about his life and work here .
Follow @bvbigelow
Trending on Xconomy
Google 's Wikidependence is worse than ever .
And Jorge Cauz thinks it 's time for an intervention .
" If I were to be the CEO of Google or the founders of Google , I would be very [ displeased ] that the best search engine in the world continues to provide as a first link , Wikipedia , " the Encyclopedia Britannica president told The Sydney Morning Herald last week during a visit Down Under .
" Is this the best they can do ?
Is this the best that [ their ] algorithm can do ? "
In an effort to unseat the Web 2.0 - happy Wikicult , Britannica has revamped its online operation to accept edits from the world at large - while maintaining tight control over content through its existing stable of professional editors .
" What we are trying to do is shifting ... to a much more proactive role for the user and reader where the reader is not only going to learn from reading the article but by modifying the article and - importantly - by maybe creating his own content or her own content , " Cauz said .
But no matter what Cauz and company do with their venerable encyclopedia , they wo n't unseat the Wikicult unless Google unseats the Wikicult .
And Google shows no signs of self - correction .
More than two years ago , über - blogger Nick Carr - who sits on Brittanica 's board of editorial advisors - plucked ten random topics from his brain : World War II , Israel , George Washington , Genome , Agriculture , Herman Melville , Internet , Magna Carta , Evolution , Epilepsy .
He then keyed them into Google , just to see how the search giant ranked the Wikitext on each topic .
As you might expect , Wikipedia never appeared outside the top ten search results .
And in some cases , it was the top result :
World War II : # 1 Israel : # 1 George Washington : # 4 Genome : # 9 Agriculture : # 6 Herman Melville : # 3 Internet : # 5 Magna Carta : # 2 Evolution : # 3 Epilepsy : # 6
Then , last week , he repeated the drill .
And Wikipedia was the top result for all ten topics :
World War II : # 1 Israel : # 1 George Washington : # 1 Genome : # 1 Agriculture : # 1 Herman Melville : # 1 Internet : # 1 Magna Carta : # 1 Evolution : # 1 Epilepsy : # 1
Carr sees this Wikidomination as " evidence of a fundamental failure of the Web as an information - delivery service . "
The web , Google , and Wikipedia form a kind of " information triumvirate , " Carr says - a triumvirate that has transformed the net " from a radically heterogeneous information source to a radically homogeneous one . "
And he questions whether that 's a good thing .
" It 's hard to imagine that Wikipedia articles are actually the very best source of information for all of the many thousands of topics on which they now appear as the top Google search result , " he writes .
" What 's much more likely is that the Web , through its links , and Google , through its search algorithms , have inadvertently set into motion a very strong feedback loop that amplifies popularity and , in the end , leads us all , lemminglike , down the same well - trod path - the path of least resistance .
You might call this the triumph of the wisdom of the crowd .
I would suggest that it would be more accurately described as the triumph of the wisdom of the mob .
The former sounds benign ; the latter , less so . "
A fair assessment - though we would ask whether Google 's role was " inadvertent . "
TERESA COURTNEY was outraged when she was fined $ 200 for not having a ticket after boarding a train in suburban Wollongong - where there was no ticket machine or station attendant .
So she did what few people bother to do : took on RailCorp in court - and won .
The single mother believes her case highlights the " ridiculous " ticket system , under which RailCorp tells people who cannot buy a ticket at their origin to buy one at their destination - but allows transit officers to fine them on the journey anyway .
RailCorp admits the ticket machine at the unmanned Cringila station was removed in 2005 after repeated vandalism attacks and has not been replaced .
Ms Courtney was travelling to Wollongong with her baby and a friend last year when a group of transit officers boarded the train at Coniston .
Faith has always been a special commodity for politicians .
It is not only essential to have or appear to have it , but that it be of the right variety — especially if you ’re thinking of running for president .
For nearly two centuries , you could be pretty much any religion you wanted , as long as it was mainline Protestant .
John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon , who identified respectively as Roman Catholic and Quaker , stretched the definition of acceptable presidential faith , followed soon after by Jimmy Carter , the first evangelical Christian president , whose political rise prefigured and catalyzed the wider engagement of conservative evangelicals in politics and , as it happened , the rise of the religious right .
These social and political changes have posed distinct challenges for pols seeking to navigate the changes in American religious life and the successes of a culture of religious pluralism .
This was particularly so for the patrician Bush family , whose challenges in this arena are a familiar part of their political tale .
In addition , however , there remain astounding hidden dimensions involving the skills of “ spy craft ” acquired in a lifetime of covert intelligence activities by George H.W. ( “ Poppy ” ) Bush and many of his closest associates .
Revelations from Family of Secrets :
The following is presented in a longer form in a Devil ’s Advocate blog post , including a discussion of conspiracy theories .
Bush ’s “ double life ” : George H. W. ( “ Poppy ” ) Bush , and many of his closest associates were deeply and secretly enmeshed in covert intelligence activities which he has gone to great lengths to conceal .
Bush ’s extensive intelligence ties prior to his becoming CIA Director in the Ford administration , and going back to World War II , have not been previously reported .
JFK and Bay of Pigs : Poppy Bush was deeply involved with an array of CIA covert operators , Bay of Pigs veterans and right - wing Texas oil industry characters linked to the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
Baker shows that Bush was actually in Dallas on November 21 , 1963 , and was probably there on the day of the assassination as well .
Baker draws no particular conclusions from the fact , except to document , describe , and underscore the great lengths he took to conceal it .
Watergate : Baker asserts that ( much to his own surprise ) Richard Nixon , while not innocent , was not the instigator of the Watergate crimes and cover - up , but appears to have been set up .
Among those he implicates in the setup are Poppy Bush and perhaps most remarkably , John Dean , the former White House counsel who became best known as the key whistle - blower .
( Continued on second page . )
This , according to a just - published investigative history of the Bush political dynasty , Family of Secrets : The Bush Dynasty , the Powerful Forces that Put it in the White House , and what Their Influence Means for America ( Bloomsbury Press , 2008 ) .
Author Russ Baker shows , among other things , that Poppy Bush ’s well - known service as a Navy pilot in World War II was also part of his work for Naval Intelligence .
This set the stage for an astonishing double life participating in covert operations of the Central Intelligence Agency throughout his career .
The story of the reinvention of the religious identities of two presidents and their faith - based political strategy could be easily obscured amidst Family of Secrets ’ revelations of the Bush family ties to such murky matters as Watergate and the Kennedy assassination ( see sidebar ) .
But Baker ’s discussion of how a prominent political family applied the tools of the spy trade to their religious transformation and political strategy is a story that merits attention as religious faith becomes an increasingly popular political commodity .
This dimension of the story of the Bush family dynasty emerges in the wake of the growth of the religious right political movement within the GOP in the early ’ 80s .
In this context , what was a starchy , Episcopalian heir to a blue - blooded Yankee political pedigree to do ?
And what of his reckless , apparently non-religious , playboy son ?
These were the intertwined questions faced by Vice President Bush and George W. in the 1980s as they planned Poppy Bush ’s run for president in 1988 — and W. ’s political future .
Baker ’s chapter titled “ The Conversion ” features startling revelations that challenge the well - known narratives of the Bush family ’s religious history — including the way they crafted a strategy for winning over the religious right , and the creation of a conversion legend for George W. Bush .
The purpose of the latter was not only to position him as a religious and political man of his time , but to neutralize the many issues from his past that threatened to undermine his future in politics ( and possibly that of his father as well ) .
The plan probably worked far better than anyone could have hoped .
“ I ’m still amazed , ” Doug Wead , a key architect of the Bush family ’s evangelical outreach strategy told Baker , “ how naïve so many journalists are who have covered politics all of their life . ”
Poppy and W. Learn Evangelical Lessons
In the early 1980s , Vice President George H.W. Bush faced a political problem of historic proportions .
The religious right , driven by politically energized evangelical Christians had altered the political landscape , helping deliver both the 1980 GOP nomination and the presidency to Ronald Reagan .
How could the tragically preppy Poppy — a product of Andover and Yale , and secretive former director of the CIA — adjust to the new political reality in order to run for president in 1988 ?
The answer to this question is part of the Bush family ’s slow motion transition from old line Yankee blue bloods to good ol ’ Red State politicians .
The story begins with Doug Wead , a former Assemblies of God minister turned what Baker terms a “ hybrid marketer - author - speaker - historian - religious - political consultant , ” who by 1985 had apparently been vetted and groomed to shape the Bush approach to the religious right .
“ Instinctively , ” Baker writes , “ he [ Poppy Bush ] was uncomfortable with pandering to the masses , and uncomfortable too with ascribing deep personal values to himself .
For that matter , he did n’t like to reveal much of anything about himself , which was partly patrician reserve and partly perhaps an instinct reinforced by his covert endeavors over the years . ”
If Poppy was going to be president , Wead advised , he needed to learn about “ these people . ”
Eventually , Wead drafted a lengthy memo outlining a way for Bush to surf the rising wave of the religious right to the presidency .
“ This was the beginning , ” according to Wead .
But not only for their political strategy .
Wead felt that Poppy himself had embarked on a spiritual journey , reworking his own spiritual identity even as he studied the evangelical world and developed a political approach for his 1988 presidential campaign .
All of this would be crucial since Representative Jack Kemp ( R - NY ) , a well - known conservative evangelical , and televangelist Pat Robertson also planned to run for the GOP nomination , forcing Bush to compete for the evangelical vote .
The three first clashed in the Michigan GOP caucuses , which preceded the usually first - in - the - nation Iowa caucuses .
( Bush ultimately won after a critical court ruling . )
But Wead revealed to Baker how the ‘ covert operator ’ orientation of the Bush camp played out on the ground .
“ I ran spies in our opponents political camps , ” Wead said , including elected Robertson precinct delegates in Michigan .
These Bush agents made headlines when they abandoned Robertson and publicly threw their support to Bush .
“ We helped them win… and totally infiltrate the Robertson campaign , ” Wead declared .
“ I ran them essentially for [ Lee ] Atwater , but W. knew about them . ”
“ The spy argot here is suggestive , ” Baker writes .
“ In the Bush milieu , an intelligence mentality spills over not just into politics but even into dealings with the church - based right .
Domestic political constituencies , ” he warns , “ have replaced the citizens of Communist countries as a key target of American elites .
They seek to win hearts and minds of devout Christians through quasi- intelligence techniques . ”
Revelations Cont’d : CIA & Watergate :
In a related point , Baker notes that Nixon suspected the CIA of infiltrating his White House staff .
Nixon recognized the Watergate burglars from his own days supervising covert operations as vice president in the Eisenhower administration , and knew that their bosses were seasoned CIA hardliners with ties to the Bay of Pigs invasion and events linked to the assassination of JFK .
Nixon battled the CIA for files on what he called the “ Bay of Pigs thing , ” but never could get access to them .
( To paraphrase Woody Allen : just because Nixon was paranoid , does n’t mean they were not out to get him . )
Bob Woodward : Baker questions the integrity and independence of famed Watergate reporter Bob Woodward of the Washington Post who , he reports , had been recommended for his job by senior Nixon White House officials who had known him when he worked in Naval intelligence prior to becoming a reporter .
In that capacity , which Woodward denies he held , he was a frequent visitor to the White House .
The Saudi Royal Family : Baker details the Bush family ’s personal , political , and business connections to the Saudi royal family ; and to apparent international slush funds and money - laundering schemes .
Much of this is told in such a matter - of - fact fashion that it is easy to lose sight of the significance of many of the individual facts .
Read more here .
The layers of secrecy were peeled back on a need - to - know basis over time .
Unbeknownst to Wead , for example , the younger Bush had been a voracious consumer of Wead ’s memos to Poppy and his top aides years before they met in 1987 .
W. had also quietly served as Poppy ’s key adviser as they absorbed the lessons and formulated their strategic approach to religious identity and outreach .
Under Wead ’s tutelage , Poppy would learn the ins and outs of the evangelical world .
But Poppy and W. had a problem in common .
Baker writes that they knew that W.’s “ behavior before becoming governor [ of Texas in 1994 ] his partying , his womanizing , and in particular his military service problems — posed a serious threat to his presidential ambitions .
Their solution was to wipe the slate clean — through religious transformation . ”
A Tale of Two Conversions
For this to work they needed “ a credible conversion experience and a presentable spiritual guide . ”
And so the legend goes that none other than Billy Graham paid a visit to his longtime friends at the Bush family estate in Kennebunkport , Maine .
This led to the famous walk on the beach that George W. Bush says “ planted a mustard seed in my soul , ” and to his supposed rebirth as an evangelical Christian .
That was the accepted narrative in the media and throughout the evangelical world for years .
But Graham later told a journalist that he does not remember the encounter ; and to another said he does remember a walk on the beach — but not , apparently , any kind of spiritually meaningful conversation .
Whatever the facts of the Graham episode , there are actually two conversion stories .
The second was deep - sixed in favor of the Graham story , and only emerged after George W. was elected president .
The itinerant evangelist Arthur Blessitt , famous for dragging ( mostly on wheels ) a 12 - foot cross around the world , posted the story on his Web site in October 2001 , noting that he met with George W. Bush a full year earlier than Graham .
“ Mr. George W. Bush , ” wrote Blessitt , “ a Midland oilman , listened to the radio broadcast and asked one of his friends ‘ Can you arrange for me to meet Arthur Blessitt and talk to him about Jesus ? ’
And so it came to pass . ”
Wead , Baker reports , “ had warned the Bushes that they had to be careful how they couched their conversion story .
It could n’t be seen as something too radical or too tacky .
Preachers who performed stunts with giant crosses would not do .
Billy Graham , ‘ spiritual counselor to presidents , ’ would do perfectly . ”
And that was the story that speechwriter Karen Hughes wove into Bush ’s 1999 campaign book , A Charge to Keep .
There was no mention of Blessitt .
Baker writes from the standpoint of a journalist , looking into the murky career and political and financial empire of one of America ’s leading political dynasties .
George H.W. Bush ’s career in the CIA , capped by his brief tenure as director under Ford , reveals a politician comfortable with the workings of covert operations and their political applications sufficient to attain the highest office for himself .
That the spiritual rebirth and transformation of his son was so well scripted and staged ( even if the facts are in doubt ) is unsurprising for a family and network of associates steeped in the geo-political theater of CIA covert operations .
Furthermore , as damaging as the tales of W.’s reckless youth were to his campaigns and presidency , the personal redemption story worked at least as powerfully as Bush ’s handlers had hoped — for the father as well as the son .
Connor Mead ( McConaughey ) is celebrity photographer who loves freedom , fun and women … in that order .
A committed bachelor who thinks nothing of breaking up with multiple women on a conference call , Connor ’s mockery of romance proves a real buzz - kill for his kid brother , Paul , and a houseful of well wishers on the eve of Paul ’s wedding .
Just when it looks like Connor may single - handedly ruin the wedding , he is visited by the ghosts of his former jilted girlfriends , who take him on a revealing and hilarious odyssey through his failed relationships – past , present and future .
Together they attempt to find out what turned Connor into such an insensitive jerk and whether there is still hope for him to find true love …or if he really is the lost cause everyone thinks he is .
A trailer for “ ” directed byfrom a script byandhas been released .
“ The Ghosts of Girlfriends Past ” which starsandwill hit the theaters on May 1 , 2009 .
Echoing Pope Benedict XVI ’s repeated calls to end the ongoing bloodshed in the Gaza Strip , Vatican Justice and Peace Minister Cardinal Renato Martino urged both the Israeli government and Hamas to show more willingness toward peace talks and for the world to help them come an agreement that would end the ongoing Israeli invasion .
He also expressed concerns about the dire humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip , saying “ let ’s look at the conditions in Gaza : these increasingly resemble a big concentration camp . ”
Israel , as has been so often the case as the international community condemns the situation in Gaza , is outraged .
The Foreign Ministry accused the Cardinal of making comments “ based on Hamas propaganda ” and likewise slammed him for “ ignoring its numerous crimes , ” even though he explicitly called for both sides to end their attacks .
He said the Cardinal ’s comments would not “ bring the people closer to truth and peace . ”
ARDINGLY , England ( Reuters ) - A seed bank that is trying to collect every type of plant in the world is now under threat from the global financial crisis , its director says .
Michael Way , a researcher from the Millennium Seed Bank Project is seen collecting seeds in Chile , in this undated handout photograph released in London January 29 , 2009 .
REUTERS / RBG Kew / Handout
The Millennium Seed Bank Project aims to house all the 300,000 different plant species known to exist to ensure future biodiversity and protect a vital source of food and medicines , director Paul Smith said .
The project is on track to collect 10 percent of the total by 2010 but the financial crisis is drying up funding , casting serious doubts on future collections , he said .
About half the funding comes from the National Lottery and the rest from corporate donations .
But with businesses tightening their belts in the economic downturn and preparation for the 2012 London Olympics sapping lottery money , the pot is about to run dry .
Smith hopes government money and international groups will come through with the nearly 10 million pounds per year needed to keep the bank going .
But if that does not happen , new collections and research will stop , he said .
“ We would say that this is an exceptional bank and that the assets within it , the capital that we have built up , is unique and we ca n’t squander this , ” Smith told Reuters Television during a tour of the facility south of London .
Each seed costs about 2,000 pounds to collect and store .
The Millennium Seed Bank Project is the only project of its kind in the world which aims to collect and conserve all the planet ’s wild plant diversity , Smith said .
Human activities , such as clearing forests , have put flora and fauna at risk .
Because most of the world ’s food and medicines come from nature , protecting plant species is critical , scientists say .
For example , it was only 30 years ago that Catharanthus roseus , a small pink plant also known as the Madagascan periwinkle , was found to contain compounds used in cancer drugs .
“ Thirteen million hectares of forest are cleared every year -- that ’s an area the size of England -- and of course the plant species which occur there are going the same way , ” Smith said .
There are 1,400 other seed banks in the world that store about 0.6 percent of the world ’s plant diversity .
The Millennium Project run by Kew Gardens -- one of the world ’s oldest botanical gardens -- aims to collect the rest , he said .
Managing the deposits involves far more than simply filing them away for safekeeping .
Seeds from across the globe arrive at the bank in packets of all sizes , where they are catalogued , tested and experimented on .
They are separated from husks , cleaned and dried again before final storage in an underground vault at minus 20 degrees Celsius , where they can last for up to thousands of years .
The vaults are designed to withstand a nuclear accident .
A third of the planet ’s plants are categorized as threatened with extinction , which could have dramatic effects on human life , trade and the environment , Smith said .
Nov. 12 , 2008  --
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson today said the department 's actions to shore up the nation 's banks by giving them government money in return for stock had helped the country avoid financial disaster .
" Our system is stronger and more stable than just a few weeks ago , " Paulson said .
" Although this is a major accomplishment , we have many challenges ahead of us . "
Paulson said that prior to adopting the rescue package , the economy was at a " tipping point . "
" Before we acted , we were at a tipping point .
Credit markets were largely frozen , denying financial institutions , businesses and consumers access to vital funding and credit .
U.S. and European financial institutions were under extreme pressure , and investor confidence in our system was dangerously low . "
The centerpiece of the $ 700 billion economic rescue package , adopted by Congress last month , called for the government to buy up bad mortgage loans .
Asked then to specify how the money would be used , Paulson said he would outline the " path forward " at a later time .
In a news conference on the state of the financial system today , Paulson addressed the latest plan for the government 's rescue package that was appropriated for the Troubled Asset Recovery Program ( TARP ) .
Paulson said the mortgage - purchase plan had been abandoned in favor of buying stock in troubled banks .
But seven weeks ago , Paulson told Congress that injecting government money directly into troubled banks would be a big mistake .
" Putting capital in institutions is about failure , " he said then .
" This is about success . "
Paulson believed then that the key to the government 's success was to spend billions , buying toxic mortgages from the nation 's banks .
About $ 213 billion has been committed under TARP ; $ 125 billion to big banks , an additional $ 40 billion promised to insurance giant AIG and $ 47 billion to almost 50 other banks .
" By October 26 , we had $ 115 billion out the door to eight large institutions , " Paulson said .
" In Washington that is a land - speed record from announcing a program to getting funds out the door .
We now have approved dozens of additional applications , and investments are being made in approved institutions . "
Treasury Changes Course on TARP
But none of the previously allocated funds will be used to buy toxic mortgages ; instead , they will be used to buy bank stock .
" TARP was an illusion , " said Art Cashin , director of floor operations at UBS Financial Securities .
" It never really happened .
TARP never got off the ground . "
The Treasury secretary defended the change in strategy as the best way to stabilize the financial system .
" I will never apologize for changing the approach when the facts change , " he said .
U.S. Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , chairman of the House Finance Committee , said that using government money to boost struggling banks does n't bother him .
Instead , he 's concerned about how little of the money will go to helping ordinary Americans .
" With regards to the loans to the banks , more needs to be done so that the taxpayer gets the benefit of it , " Frank said .
" That was always the intent of this plan .
The money is to be re-lent . "
Mr. Paulson said today that he'd also like to see some of the $ 700 billion used to help other financial institutions , including companies that provide car loans , student loans and credit cards .
Some even hope the auto industry will qualify for money under TARP , which has some analysts worried .
" It was not a pot of money that was big enough to help every industry that could need assistance , " said Jaret Seiberg , policy analyst at the Stanford Group .
Congress will hold hearings next week to determine why big banks that have already received billions of dollars under the TARP program have not done more with that money to help homeowners avoid foreclosure .
Whatever Happened to Bubble Memory ?
by John C. Dvorak
It was the rage : bubble memory–an invention that promised to replace the hard disk .
Invented by Bell Labs in the 1970s , it was commercialized by Intel , and heavily marketed in the early 1980s as the ultimate answer for microcomputer memory storage .
Bubble memory would replace the hard disk , said its proponents .
Not only would it retain its memory after the computer had been turned off , unlike Dynamic Random Access Memory ( DRAM ) chips , but it would n’t have any moving parts .
The full name was Magnetic Bubble Memory .
It was a method of recording data in bubble - like magnetic regions on the surface of a chip .
Perhaps its most noteworthy advantage was a ruggedness that attracted the military , which continued to use the technology after its failure in the market .
Bubble memory can withstand high temperatures , dust , humidity , and high radiation without falling ; it ’s also removable .
So what happened ?
First of all , it turned out to be harder to make bubble memory than expected .
The fabrication process never proved to be smooth or cheap enough to compete with other technologies .
Furthermore , it required a complex controller , not unlike a hard disk controller , to make the system work .
Worse , it was power hungry .
While it was a static technology when inactive , it required a lot of juice to move those bubbles around .
Users also discovered that glitches in the data were a problem .
And finally , it was slow .
All this added up to expense and inconvenience .
The memory chips themselves never came close to the price points of DRAM chips , and hard disks continued to drop in price and improve ( a practice still happening ) .
Combined , the two managed to pop bubble memory ’s chances at wide acceptance .
While the interest in bubble memory perked up during the 1987 - 88 DRAM shortage , the technology gravitated towards becoming a niche product for use in rugged environments such as factory automation , satellites , and military hardware .
It played a role in the Persian Gulf War where its low capacity , slow speed , and high price were offset by the need for reliability , data integrity , and , for the Pentagon , data security .
Improvements in the technology are still possible .
Magnesys , Hitachi , and a number of other companies have funded academic research into bubble memory , including something called Vertical Block Line technology , as well as other methods to increase its storage capacity and , hopefully , lower its price .
While basic research continues , MemTech Technology ( Santa Clara , Calif . ) is the only company still selling bubble - memory products in the United States .
It bought Intel ’s magnetics division about five years ago .
According to Fred Jorgensen , MemTech ’s marketing and sales manager , bubble memory ’s traditional strengths still make it the best choice for harsh environments , even though it is twice as expensive per bit as competing non-volatile memory technologies such as Flash Memory and Static Random Access Memory ( SRAM ) chips .
As usual , when technology enters the marketplace , it needs more than just a heavy marketing campaign to succeed .
Consumers have always demanded that technology be affordable as well as functional .
Bubble memory was flawed on both counts .
More ominously , the initial makers of bubble memory set out to displace an active and growing technology –Winchester disks .
This tactic always arouses skepticism in the community .
Intel , in this case , was hoping to horn in on one of the hottest arenas of computerdom : hard disks .
With bubble memory , Intel foolishly assumed that developers would hop on the bandwagon of “ new technology ” just for the sake of newness .
As you ’ll see , this type of dreamy idealism is a common thread in the products and topics we ’ll examine in “ What Ever Happened to… ? ”
Late at night drunk daddy slips into babysitters bed and start to touch her dirty !
Sleeping girl tries to resist but no luck !
Views : 107359
For the same reasons , the older idea of partition of the West Bank into Jewish and Arab areas , with buffer zones between them , wo n’t work .
The Palestinian - held areas could not accommodate all of the refugees , and buffer zones symbolize exclusion and breed tension .
Israelis and Palestinians have also become increasingly intertwined , economically and politically .
In absolute terms , the two movements must remain in perpetual war or a compromise must be reached .
The compromise is one state for all , an “ Isratine ” that would allow the people in each party to feel that they live in all of the disputed land and they are not deprived of any one part of it .
A key prerequisite for peace is the right of return for Palestinian refugees to the homes their families left behind in 1948 .
It is an injustice that Jews who were not originally inhabitants of Palestine , nor were their ancestors , can move in from abroad while Palestinians who were displaced only a relatively short time ago should not be so permitted .
It is a fact that Palestinians inhabited the land and owned farms and homes there until recently , fleeing in fear of violence at the hands of Jews after 1948  violence that did not occur , but rumors of which led to a mass exodus .
It is important to note that the Jews did not forcibly expel Palestinians .
They were never “ un- welcomed . ”
Yet only the full territories of Isratine can accommodate all the refugees and bring about the justice that is key to peace .
Assimilation is already a fact of life in Israel .
There are more than one million Muslim Arabs in Israel ; they possess Israeli nationality and take part in political life with the Jews , forming political parties .
On the other side , there are Israeli settlements in the West Bank .
Israeli factories depend on Palestinian labor , and goods and services are exchanged .
This successful assimilation can be a model for Isratine .
If the present interdependence and the historical fact of Jewish - Palestinian coexistence guide their leaders , and if they can see beyond the horizon of the recent violence and thirst for revenge toward a long - term solution , then these two peoples will come to realize , I hope sooner rather than later , that living under one roof is the only option for a lasting peace .
In the macho , braggart , narcissistic world of Los Angeles tagging , no one can match the Metro Transit Assassins crew .
Authorities said the group is responsible for some of the city ’s most notorious acts of vandalism , most notably L.A. 's largest tag : the giant , half - mile - long “ MTA ” scrawl that appeared last year along the concrete banks of the Los Angeles River near downtown .
But on Wednesday , authorities said they finally had arrested the MTA crew , including “ Smear , ” a well - known “ graffiti artist ” whose work has been sold in some downtown L.A. art galleries .
These are not kids from the streets .
Los Angeles County sheriff ’s officials said one of the suspects drives a $ 60,000 BMW while another wore a diamond - and - ruby - encrusted Metro logo pendant valued at $ 27,000 .
“ These individuals are responsible for tags not only in Los Angeles , but Las Vegas and San Francisco , ” said sheriff ’s Cmdr. Dan Finkelstein , chief of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority police .
Authorities have long been frustrated by MTA , which they said is responsible for thousands of tags on businesses and public spaces , as well as transit buses and trains , which has been the taggers ’ particular target .
The crew allegedly also defaced freeway overpasses and signs as motorists whizzed by below them .
During raids Wednesday morning , Finkelstein said , investigators found customized , high - pressure fire extinguishers that , when filled with paint , allow taggers to shoot paint on the underside of a freeway overpass and produce tags .
But officials said the taggers outdid themselves when they hit the concrete banks of the Los Angeles River in downtown ’s industrial district .
Authorities estimate that it took about 400 gallons of paint -- 300 gallons of white and 100 gallons of black -- to create three block letters that cover a three - story - high wall and run the length of several blocks between the 4th Street and 1st Street bridges .
The tag has been an eyesore visible from downtown high - rises and freeways for months .
But removing it is proving difficult -- and costly .
The Army Corps of Engineers estimates that removing the MTA tag from the river alone will cost $ 3.7 million because hazardous materials crews must create an elaborate dam to capture all the paint and runoff water so it does n’t get into the riverbed .
On Wednesday , deputies arrested Smear , whose real name is Cristian Gheorghiu , 32 , at his home in the east Hollywood area , said sheriff ’s Sgt. Augie Pando .
Authorities also arrested Shaun Alexander , 27 ; Sergio Ayala , 25 ; Eduin Miramontes , 23 ; Nicholas Rem , 28 ; Juan Rocha , 22 ; and Ryan Swenson , 27 , at their homes in the Los Angeles area .
Roger Gastman , author of several graffiti books who is working on a history of graffiti , said MTA -- also known as Melting Toys Away and Must Take All -- has been generating buzz in the graffiti art world for several years .
Smear in particular was able to sell “ street art ” to collectors .
“ There is so much demand for street art right now , ” Gastman said .
He said the L.A. River tag is the taggers ’ calling card .
“ It is definitely a statement , ” Gastman said .
“ To do something that big and bold it takes organization .
. . .
They were working on a slant and they got all the proportions right . ”
richard.winton@latimes.com
Understanding UNIX / Linux File Systems
A conceptual understanding of the file system , especially data structure and related terms will help you become a successful system administrator .
I have seen many new Linux system administrator without any clue about the file system .
The conceptual knowledge can be applied to restore the file system in an emergency situation .
ADVERTISEMENTS
What is a file in Linux or Unix ?
A file is a collection of data items stored on disk .
Or , it is a device which can store the information , data , music ( mp3 files ) , picture , movie , sound , PDF book and more .
All data must be stored on your computer in the form of a file .
Files are always associated with devices like hard disk , floppy disk , USB pen drive and more .
A file is the last object in your file system tree .
See Linux / UNIX – rules for naming file and directory names .
How to list directory contents
Use the ls command :
ls
ls -l
ls -Fl
ls -l /etc /
drwxr - xr-x 3 root root 4096 Apr 4 2018 acpi - rw-r--r-- 1 root root 3028 Apr 4 2018 adduser.conf drwxr-xr-x 3 root root 4096 Apr 4 2018 acpi - rw-r--r-- 1 root root 3028 Apr 4 2018 adduser.conf
The ls -l command gives full information and indicates the type of filesystem object stored on disk .
For example :
The following information is displayed for each file from above outputs :
Field Description drwxr - xr-x
File mode 3
Number of links to file root File owner name root File group name 4096 number of bytes in the file Apr 4 2018 Abbreviated month , day - of - month file was last modified , hour file last modified , and minute file last modified acpi
The pathname / filename
The acpi is a directory indicated by first character d in drwxr - xr-x and the adduser .
conf is a file indicated by first character - in - rw - r-- r-- .
Let us try to understand meaning of drwxr - xr-x in ls command output .
More on the file mode
To understand the drwxr - xr-x file mode let us divide into three groups :
group 1 : d group 2 : rwx group 3 : r-x group 4 : r-x
The file mode ( group 1 ) printed consists of the file type and the permissions .
The entry type character ( group 1 ) describes the type of file , as follows :
Character File type - Regular file .
b Block special file .
c Character special file .
d Directory .
l Symbolic link .
p FIFO . s Socket . w Whiteout .
The next three groups are for owner permissions ( group 2 ) , group permissions ( group 3 ) , and other permissions ( group 4 ) .
So each field has three character positions :
r : Read only file permission w : Write only file permission x : Execute only file permission – : No permission
So group 2 has rwx permission it means you have read , write and executable permission on the file .
What is a directory ?
A directory is a group of files .
A directory is divided into two types :
Root directory – Strictly speaking , there is only one root directory in your Linux and Unix - like system , which is denoted by / ( forward slash ) .
It is root of your entire file system and can not be renamed or deleted .
Sub directory – Directory under root ( / ) directory is subdirectory which can be created , renamed by the user .
Directories are used to organize your data files , programs more efficiently .
How to create a directory
Use the mkdir command :
mkdir dir1
Next list newly created directory with the help of ls command :
ls -ld dir1
To change the working directory use the cd command :
cd dir1
To print the current working directory , run the pwd command :
pwd
Let us create two sub-directories and a file , run :
mkdir foo
mkdir -v bar
Next create a file named demo.txt in Linux / Unix from a bash shell prompt , run :
echo " This is a test " > demo.txt
List everything :
ls -l
Linux supports numerous file system types
Ext2 : This is like UNIX file system .
It has the concepts of blocks , inodes and directories .
Ext3 : It is ext2 filesystem enhanced with journalling capabilities .
Journalling allows fast file system recovery .
Supports POSIX ACL ( Access Control Lists ) .
Isofs ( iso9660 ) : Used by CDROM file system .
Sysfs :
It is a ram - based filesystem initially based on ramfs .
It is use to exporting kernel objects so that end user can use it easily .
Procfs :
The proc file system acts as an interface to internal data structures in the kernel .
It can be used to obtain information about the system and to change certain kernel parameters at runtime using the sysctl command .
For example , you can find out CPU information on Linux with following cat command :
$ cat / proc / cpuinfo
Or you can enable or disable routing / forwarding of IP packets between interfaces with following command :
# cat / proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward
# echo " 1 " > / proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward
# echo " 0 " > / proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward
NFS : Network file system allows many users or systems to share the same files by using a client / server methodology .
NFS allows sharing all of the above file system .
Linux also supports Microsoft NTFS , vfat , and many other file systems .
See Linux kernel source tree Documentation / filesystem directory for list of all supported filesystem .
You can find out what type of file systems currently mounted with mount command .
$ mount
OR
$ cat / proc / mounts
What is a UNIX / Linux File system ?
A UNIX file system is a collection of files and directories stored on disk .
Each file system is stored in a separate whole disk partition .
The following are a few of the file system :
/ – Special file system that incorporates the files under several directories including / dev , / sbin , /tmp and more
– Special file system that incorporates the files under several directories including / dev , / sbin , /tmp and more / usr – Stores application programs
– Stores application programs / var – Stores log files , mails and other data
/tmp – Stores temporary files
See
The importance of Linux partitions for more information .
But what is in a File system ?
Again file system divided into two categories :
User data – stores actual data contained in files
Metadata – stores file system structural information such as superblock , inodes , directories
Next time I will write more about Metadata objects – superblock , inodes , directories with actual linux commands so that you can understand and master the concepts 🙂
Continue reading rest of the Understanding Linux file system series :
NAIS appears to be a corporate plan to eliminate real farming and take over total control of our food supply through wiping out normal animals ( as is being done with seeds ) and replacing them with genetically engineered animals that are patented and wholly owned by multinationals .
The economics of that are complete enslavement of a population dependent on a single corporately controlled food source and the politics are massively totalitarian .
On the health side , the biotech / agribusiness corporations will do to animals what they began doing with rBGH - having them pump out a perverted version of whatever is of value as well as using their bodies to generate genetically engineered drugs and more .
The disease ramifications are endless .
The financial bonanza to the pharmaceutical companies ( of which Monsanto is a major one ) of a population trapped in such a sickness generating system is infinite .
What follows repeats from another article a communication between chapter leaders of the Weston A. Price Foundation in Wisconsin where Emmanuel Miller , an Amish farmer has been charged by the state for refusing to register with Premises ID under NAIS , an act which is against his deepest religious beliefs .
Right now , the Amish and Mennonite 's religious rights and the desperate efforts of our small farmers are all that stand between us and the questions raised in the following email because the public is not aware .
I repeat the questions here to try to ensure they are seen and the implications are considered by people who have until now fallen for the " NAIS is for food safety " argument of corporations which caused the diseases , block inspections , and obfuscate all labeling .
Though it is an informal message between various leaders , the questions asked raise more and more profound issues none of which have yet become known to the American public or entered the intense debate over NAIS to which our disappearing American farmers are desperately opposed .
www.nonais.org
These questions must be answered .
And anything Monsanto is involved in , must be questioned - including , first and foremost , Obama 's nomination of Tom Vilsack - a close Monsanto buddy and a strong supporter of NAIS , a Monsanto project - to run the USDA , the agency pushing NAIS .
Subject : NAIS Update , Madison WI
From : Mary Jo Fahey < maryjofahey >
Date : Wed , 2 May 2007 13:31:26 - 0500
Yahoo !
Message Number : 22226
Onibasu Link : http://onibasu.com/archives/cl/22226.html
Hi ,
Many of you may know that Wisconsin 's Department of Agriculture , Trade & Consumer Protection ( DATCP ) told dairy farmers who did not sign a Premises ID that they would not be allowed to sell milk after May 1st .
A hearing took place at DATCP 's headquarters on 4/25 for two farmers who refused to sign .
After the meeting , DATCP sent a letter to dairy plants ( the group who have been selected to enforce the new rule / law / policy / regulation all of these words are being used ) .
The letter said that DATCP will NOT be revoking milk licenses on May 1st of those who have not yet registered .
The letter told milk plants to pick up as usual .
DATCP decided not to tie premises registration to a dairy license .
Unfortunately , over 95 % of the dairy farmers in Wisconsin have signed the Premises ID form .
DATCP has an aggressive campaign to sign up ALL farms in the state , as well as non-producers such as Vets and other service providers .
I was present at the DATCP meeting and recorded it on an MP3 recorder .
I moved the file to a CD - ROM .
Martha Reilly and I are making copies for our Weston Price chapter and we 're happy to provide a copy to anyone who would like one .
I did quite a bit of research before the meeting and in the short time allowed for public questions ( after it was announced that the meeting was officially over ) , I asked several questions that the officials would not answer .
The most alarming thing I discovered BEFORE the meeting was background information about WLIC board member Mike Bishop ( Note : SINCE the meeting , I have discovered MORE alarming information that is reflected in my list of questions to DATCP listed below ) .
Note : The Wisconsin Livestock Identification Consortium ( WLIC ) is a non-profit organization that is currently contracted to implement the National Animal Identification System ( NAIS ) for Wisconsin 's Department of Agriculture , Trade & Consumer Protection ( DATCP ) .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The Hamburger bed ( which is actually a cheeseburger ) is a round bed that looks like a hamburger and has a Facebook fan page .
I was going to become a fan , but decided I 'd probably end up stalking that delicious bitch and that would bad .
So , instead , I 'm going to make my own taco bed .
UPDATE : So I had this weird dream about being a giant last night and , f*** , I think I ate my pillows .
Hit the jump for a few more shots and a link to the burger 's Facebook page .
And , while you 're at it , friend me , ladies .
The Burger Bed's Facebook Page
Thanks to Flash2000 , who can show you his nuts so fast you 'll never be sure if you really saw them .
Analysis Companies developing software for the iPhone are seeing their creations drown in a sea of one - dollar mediocrity as they struggle to gain visibility in the increasingly cluttered Application Store , and some have taken their complaints to Steve himself .
In an open letter to the great man successful developer Craig Hockenberry lays out his problems with the Application Store , and why his company can't spare the resources to create proper iPhone applications .
This argument is taken up by AppCubby , which goes further and reveal exactly how much it spent , and made , making and marketing an iPhone application - concluding that success depends factors beyond its control and so it can't be sure of any repetition .
The simple version of the problem is that the vast majority of iPhone applications are selling for a dollar a time - which is all they 're worth in many cases , but the Application store lists apps by their popularity and no matter how great your $ 20 application is those " ringtone apps " are going to see bigger volumes , and get more positive reviews , than the business productivity application you 've spent months working on .
Craig reckons a cheap , quickly developed , application needs to sell about 115,000 units to break even , which is possible , but that a more complex application can't achieve the volume necessary to make money .
Compared to the well - established markets for Symbian , Windows Mobile and BlackBerry software , this is just weird .
Handango , the largest application store for those platforms , reports an average price of around $ 25 , so even if the volumes are smaller the motivation to invest in developing decent applications is much greater - which is reflected in the complexity of applications available for those platforms .
Advertising is one route to achieving greater sales , but with the Application Store being the only route to market , and one that does n't allow developers to see where purchases are coming from , it 's hard to judge how effective adverts are .
AppCubby tried various forms of advertising , but concluded : " The only methods of marketing ... to be measurably cost effective are working with the press and getting featured by Apple , both of which are essentially free , but incredibly hard to guarantee " .
AppCubby saw a jump in sales when mentioned on a couple of high - profile blogs , but its real boost was when the application was selected as a " Staff Pick " on the Application Store , followed by an appearance on the " What 's Hot " list .
AppCubby has helpfully provided a graph , showing how effective this unexplained promotion was - and conclude that without the promotion by an unknown Apple employee the application would never have made money .
But this approach to promotion : relying on being randomly selected by an all - powerful entity operating on a whim , is no way to run a business .
It seems strange that Symbian and Windows Mobile users will happily shell out $ 25 for an application , while iPhone users balk at paying more than a dollar .
The disparity probably stems from the way that Apple has promoted the iPhone as a computing platform - the vast majority of Symbian users have never downloaded an application , or had any desire to , but the iPhone encourages you to explore and spend a few dollars trying applications .
Right now the iTunes Application Store is no more than an online Poundshop : customers will come in , take a look around and maybe even buy some tat they did n't know they wanted , but if the iPhone is going to be taken seriously then the boys from Cupertino are going to have to find a way to make users come to the store looking for something , and go away satisfied having spent more than a dollar .
Both AppCubby and Craig believe that being able to offer limited - time trials of software would help a lot , but some sort of weighting to increase the value of ratings placed on more - expensive applications might also be necessary - though as the number of applications increases even that may not be enough to prevent the Application Store drowning under its own success . ®
Two Cheers for the Jedi By Bryan Caplan
Warning : Sith spoilers !
It ’s tough to learn that my mentor Tyler Cowen is a Sith Lord , but I should have seen the signs .
Only a Sith could watch the ruthless destruction of the Jedi order , then get on his soapbox to say “ Good riddance ” :
The core point is that the Jedi are not to be trusted : 1 . The Jedi and Jedi - in - training sell out like crazy .
Even the evil Count Dooku was once a Jedi knight .
2 . What do the Jedi Council want anyway ?…
Are n’t they a kind of out - of - control Supreme Court , not even requiring Senate approval ( with or without filibuster ) , and heavily armed at that ?
As I understand it , they vote each other into the office , have license to kill , and seek to control galactic affairs .
Talk about unaccountable power used toward secret and mysterious ends . [ … ]
4 . The Jedi ca n’t even keep us safe . [ … ]
6 . The prophecy was that Anakin ( Darth ) will restore order and balance to the force .
How true this turns out to be .
But none of the Jedi can begin to understand what this means .
Yes , you have to get rid of the bad guys .
But you also have to get rid of the Jedi .
The Jedi are , after all , the primary supply source and training ground for the bad guys .
Anakin / Darth manages to get rid of both , so he really is the hero of the story …
Tyler never asks the great public choice question : Compared to what ?
Yes , the Jedi fail in the end to “ keep us safe . ”
But without them , Palpatine would have established his Stalinist dictatorship back in Episode I .
The Jedi Council is quite simply the only part of the Republic that works .
Palpatine effortlessly takes over the incompetent and corrupt Senate .
All his machinations are ultimately directed at the Jedi , because he knows that if he openly seizes power , Yoda and Mace Windu will team up to take him down .
Tyler ’s right that the Jedi are an unelected Supreme Court , but their mistake is too little “ judicial activism . ”
They should have overruled the Senate ’s decision to send the Naboo / Trade Federation dispute to a committee back in Episode I , keeping Palpatine from becoming Chancellor in the first place .
Despite the Jedi ’s undue restraint , it takes decades of scheming – and the greatest fictional exercise of backwards induction ever – for Palpatine to out - maneuver the Jedi .
Ronald Coase once said that an economist who delays a wasteful program for a week earns his salary for a lifetime .
The Jedi delayed totalitarianism for decades .
Give them some credit !
After Anakin ’s betrayal , the remnant of surviving Jedi reveal their “ secret and mysterious ends . ”
They turn out to be neither secret nor mysterious .
Yoda and Obi-wan take on near - suicide missions to assassinate the Emperor and Anakin before they solidify their totalitarian rule .
It ’s about as diabolical as the German officers ’ plot to kill Hitler .
As for Jedi “ sell - outs , ” the order has an amazingly good track record .
There appear to be hundreds if not thousands of Jedi in the galaxy , and they lose a total of two – Dooku and Anakin – to the Dark Side .
And somehow child - killer , world - destroyer Anakin gets to be the “ hero ” of the saga ?
Now that ’s a Sith legend to ensnare weak minds .
In the aftermath of Episode VI , it would be a miracle if the galaxy regained the freedom and prosperity it enjoyed back in Episode I. ( Slavery on Tatooine ?
Remember , it ’s so far outside the Republic ’s influence the inhabitants wo n’t even accept Republican credits ! )
So why only two cheers for the Jedi ?
Because their enduring virtue strains my suspension of disbelief .
In reality , the power of the Jedi would swiftly attract talented but unscrupulous careerists .
In a generation or two they would take over .
In another generation these power - hungry pragmatists would turn to the Dark Side .
Then again , Yoda ’s species has a lifespan of about a millenium , so perhaps I too underestimate the Jedi .
on Wednesday 22 November 2006
by Wendy McElroy
Frances Kemp booked an aisle seat on a recent British Airways ( BA ) flight because she had a bad leg that required extra space .
Her 76 - year - old husband Michael occupied the middle seat .
A nine - year - old girl took the window position .
When a stewardess asked Frances to switch seats with her husband , she declined .
The stewardess explained that the seating arrangement breached the airline 's child - welfare regulations and moved the child .
Michael is a retired journalist with no criminal record ; he made no contact - physical or verbal - with the girl ; no complaint or request to move was received ; the child 's mother was elsewhere on the plane .
The girl 's welfare was deemed to be in peril solely because Michael was male .
BA has openly joined the ranks of airlines such as Air New Zealand and Qantas that view all men as a danger to children .
It is difficult to know how many other airliners share this policy as it is rarely announced and can be enforced invisibly when seats are booked .
Indeed , BA itself has been quietly instituting the policy since at least 2001 when another ' seat rearrangement ' drew attention .
In answering a complaint from the humiliated man , BA explained , " We introduced the policy ... in response to customers asking us to make sure their children are not seated next to men .
We were responding to a fear of sexual assaults . "
It is not clear why parental worries cannot be resolved by carefully booking seats in advance or notifying attendants of a need to be extra watchful .
But one thing is clear : some airlines are going to treat your father , husband and son as sex offenders simply because they are male .
And the airlines show no sign of relenting .
For example , in 2005 , Mark Worsley had to change seats when a Qantas steward informed him that only women could next to unaccompanied children .
When he registered a complaint , a Qantas spokesperson replied that the airline intended " to err on the side of caution " by continuing to act as though all men were dangerous .
More recently and in the UK , Boris Johnson - a Member of Parliament - was asked to move from his seat by a BA stewardess .
She retreated when he explained that the adjacent children were his own progeny .
Johnson memorialized the experience in an article entitled " Come off it , folks : how many paedophiles can there be ? "
If an airline restricted the seating of blacks because the 2004 Bureau of Justice data states " blacks [ are ] disproportionately represented among homicide victims and offenders " , there would be a backlash of rage .
It would make no difference that the parent or loved one of a white passenger had requested the ' safety ' measure .
But , over the course of decades , Western culture has so thoroughly identified maleness itself with violence and abuse that major airlines feel free to openly treat them as predators .
In response to the Qantas incident , Worsley stated , " Men are being demonized in the media for a long time now .
I think probably this is just society 's reaction -- they think , ' We 'd better start tightening up on everything . '
It 's getting to the stage when all men are viewed with distrust . "
The airlines ' policy is rooted neither in fact nor common sense .
Data from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services states " In 2004 , 57.8 percent of child abuse and neglect perpetrators were females and 42.2 percent were males .
" It is difficult to know how these figures apply to the specific concern of airlines ; for one thing , the figures indicate that abusers are overwhelmingly parents or ' caregivers ' and the airlines target men who are unknown to the children .
But the data highlights the absurdity of believing one gender has a monopoly on violence against children .
( The specific issue of sexual violence against children is more difficult to break down according to the gender of the perpetrator .
Statistics are usually based on the state - by - state confirmed cases investigated by child welfare agencies .
A BBC documentary claimed that women committed 25 % of all sexual child abuse .
But the statistics are too inconsistent , politicized and poorly gathered to be reliable . )
Moving from factual to common sense objections , it is difficult to believe that in - flight child molestation is a real problem .
A plane is not a secluded spot in the woods ; it is an extremely public place where attendants and others constantly patrol the aisles .
Nevertheless , if a problem does exist , if there is more to the policy than parents concerned about things that have n't occurred , then it would make sense to ban unattended children or to seat them in a separate section .
As it stands , the policy seems rooted in little more than a dangerous tendency to paint men per se as predators .
Why is the tendency dangerous and not merely insulting ?
Because men are becoming increasingly reluctant to help a child in need , to act as teachers and caregivers , or to offer protection .
A heartbreaking example of the consequences of their understandable reluctance occurred in England in late 2002 .
2 - year - old Abigail Rae died by drowning in a village pond ; a man who saw her in the street earlier on had wanted to help but he had been afraid of being labeled " a pervert . "
The policy harms children in a more subtle manner ; they may no longer trust men per se enough to ask for help when they need it .
They may hesitate to approach a policeman or fireman who are , after all , still men .
That is the message airlines are sending to children .
And how is that message being heard by the boys who will grow into men ?
Seating men as though they were sexual predators is a vicious and discriminatory practice that has no basis in fact or logic .
Indeed , if the illogic of the policy were consistently spun out , it would mean ' women and children only ' flights and the restricted seating of men at theaters or concerts .
Stop segregating children from men !
Copyright © 2006 Wendy McElroy .
American individualism has made its imprint on Christianity .
A sizable majority of the country 's faithful no longer hew closely to orthodox teachings , and look more to themselves than to churches or denominations to define their religious convictions , according to two recent surveys .
More than half of all Christians also believe that some non-Christians can get into heaven .
" Growing numbers of people now serve as their own theologian - in - residence , " said George Barna , president of Barna Group , on releasing findings of one of the polls on Jan. 12 .
In the Barna survey , 71 percent of American adults say they are more likely to develop their own set of religious beliefs than to accept a defined set of teachings from a particular church .
Even among born - again Christians , 61 percent pick and choose from the beliefs of different denominations .
For people under the age of 25 , the number rises to 82 percent .
Many " cafeteria Christians " go beyond the teachings of Christian denominations to embrace parts of other world religions .
Half of Americans also believe that Christianity is now just one of many faith options people can choose from ( 44 percent disagree with that perception ) .
Residents of the Northeast and West were more likely than those in the South and Midwest to say Christianity has lost its status as the favored American religion .
Christians expressed a variety of unorthodox beliefs in the poll .
Nearly half of those interviewed do not believe in the existence of Satan , one - third believe Jesus sinned while on earth , and two - fifths say they do n't have a responsibility to share their faith with others .
The most striking divergence from orthodoxy , however , was first revealed in the 2007 US Religious Landscape Survey by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
That comprehensive survey of 35,000 Americans found a majority of Christians saying that people of other religions can find salvation and eternal life .
The results stirred controversy among some Christian leaders for whom Jesus as the only path to salvation is a paramount teaching .
Some questioned whether those surveyed about " other religions " might have been thinking of Christian denominations or traditions – such as Protestants referring to Roman Catholicism – rather than non-Christian faiths .
Pew undertook a follow - up survey , which it released in late December .
That poll found 65 percent of American Christians ( including 47 percent of Evangelicals ) do indeed think that many different religions can lead to eternal life .
Among these Christians , 80 percent cited one non-Christian faith as a route to salvation ; 61 percent named two or more .
The survey also asked about views on how one obtains eternal life .
Among all adults with a religious affiliation , 30 percent say correct beliefs are what counts , 29 percent say salvation depends on one 's actions during life , while 10 percent say both are essential .
Those who emphasize the impact of actions are more inclined to believe that practitioners of non-Christian faiths can achieve eternal life .
Most of those who emphasize beliefs say non-Christian paths do not lead to heaven .
The poll confirms a broad rejection of religious exclusivity .
Among all religious adults interviewed , 65 percent say many religions lead to eternal life and only 29 percent say theirs is the one true faith .
Sixty - nine percent of all non-Jews say Judaism can lead to eternal life and 52 percent of non-Muslims say that of Islam .
Forty - two percent of religious Americans also say atheists are able to find eternal life .
While some people hail these findings as heartening for American pluralism , others see them as a wake - up call .
R. Albert Mohler Jr. , president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary writes on his blog about biblical Christianity 's role in countering such inclusive views and helping people find the true Christian way .
Others point to the power of egalitarian American culture .
" It 's just part of a 200 - year working out of ideas about personal autonomy and equality that are sort of built into the American experience , " says Alan Wolfe , director of the Boisi Center for Religion and American Public Life at Boston College .
" The notion that someone is going to burn in hell because they have their own beliefs is just not resonant within our larger political ideals . "
My family and I arrived at Disneyland on a hot June day .
We had spent the preceding two hours stuck in traffic on an un-super Interstate 5 , idling away $ 4.35 gasoline in a rental car that was no one ’s idea of a dream .
Autopia did not appeal .
But one part of moldy old Tomorrowland was n’t past its sell - by date .
A freshly minted house of the future had had its ribbon - cutting — with laser scissors ?
— earlier that month .
These digs were completely original and all brand ( specifically : Microsoft , Hewlett - Packard , and Life|ware ) new .
Also new is the name , “ The Innoventions Dream Home , ” but typing that even once has proved traumatic , so I will henceforth refer to it simply as HoF II .
My wife took our younger children , Poppet and Buster , “ to infinity and beyond ” ( Buzz Lightyear being integral to the classic future ’s canon ) .
And I led my 10 - year - old daughter , Muffin , to utopia ’s latest abode .
Muffin asked where we were going .
I told her and she said , “ So it ’s really , really , really modern ? ”
It was more modern than that .
HoF II has a subprime mortgage , or so it appears .
The joint was closed up .
“ Technical difficulties , ” said a Disney “ cast member . ”
I invoked what media privileges I have and called Disney public relations .
John McClintock , a senior publicist , could not have been more polite and understanding .
He did what he could to get my daughter and me a walk - through and a look - around .
That was all you got with the old House of the Future anyway , although HoF II comes with performers portraying a future family ( which still has one mom and one dad , amazingly enough ) .
McClintock called back .
“ Technical difficulties , ” he said , plus a firm no - go from his higher - ups .
Muffin and I could do no more than look over a railing into the ceiling - free household one floor below us .
It has a single - story open plan with a circular shape , though the circularity seems to have more to do with the preexisting shape of the building and with crowd control than with futurism .
Not that there were any crowds trying to get in .
As far as I could tell , nobody but Muffin and me noticed that HoF II was n’t open .
I hoisted Muffin so she could get a better view .
“ It looks like our hotel , ” she said .
Not even .
And where we were staying is best described as “ Schlitz - Carlton . ”
According to Disney , the shape of things to come can be found at Pottery Barn , with a quick stop in Restoration Hardware for “ classic future ” touches and a trip to Target to get throw rugs and cheap Japanese paper lanterns .
HoF II was designed by the Taylor Morrison company , a home builder specializing in anodyne subdevelopmental housing in the Southwest .
The company ’s president and CEO told the Associated Press , “ The 1950s home did n’t look like anything , anywhere .
It was space - age and kind of cold .
We did n’t want the home to intimidate the visitors . ”
If Nicholas Hansen cheats on Alissa Swanciger , he ’ll owe her 1,000 silver dollars .
The penalty is set forth in their marriage contract , the one they presented two years ago to a county clerk in Grand Junction , Colorado .
It ’s the only document they signed that day .
Christopher Hansen , Nicholas Hansen ’s father , presided over the ceremony .
He ’s not a minister , and he ’s not certified to perform weddings .
That did n’t matter , Nicholas Hansen said , “ According to our contract , we were married . ”
Heartfelt vows , a private contract and a few witnesses are all that ’s required to be married in God ’s eyes , he said .
The couple asked the county clerk to file a copy of their contract to make public the fact that they were now bound by marriage .
In Colorado , where requirements for common law marriage are unusually lax , that was enough .
But the couple never applied for a formal marriage license , Christopher Hansen said .
They did n’t ask permission from the government to get married .
Instead , they were married then asked the government to help them publicize the fact .
That ’s how it used to be done , he said , before the government co-opted marriage , a sacred union created by God .
Nicholas Hansen and his wife did n’t want their union to be sullied by governmental approval — the same approval that may soon also include same - sex unions .
As state laws waver on gay marriage , a growing cadre of conservative Christians say their status as husband and wife has been marred by a deteriorating definition of marriage .
If the state is willing to stray from what they believe is the biblical version of marriage , they ’d rather reject the state ’s attempt to legalize their own unions , even if it ’s illegal in most states to perform marriage ceremonies without licenses .
A marriage between a man and a woman is blessed by God , said John Cobin , a South Carolina - based financial planner .
A union between a same - sex couple is n’t marriage at all , even if legislators say it is .
Cobin , a Southern Baptist , said a growing number of people have contacted him for advice on how to marry without a state license .
He has published dozens of articles on church - state issues on his Web site , but his opinions on marriage are gaining popularity .
“ There are a lot of people who are no longer interested in state marriages , ” Cobin said .
“ For religious reasons , they balk at it and say ‘ No . ’ ”
Covenant marriages , of the type Mike Huckabee , then governor of Arkansas , entered into with his wife in 2005 , are n’t enough for some conservative Christians .
Huckabee ’s widely publicized second wedding was more of an upgrade to the original vows he and his wife promised one another when they married three decades ago , with a promise to seek counseling when problems arise and to only divorce if adultery , abuse or other extreme offenses are committed .
Huckabee ’s covenant marriage , while only legal in a few states , still relies on the government ’s approval .
Before God , Not a County Clerk
Christians are aching for a return to their roots , Cobin said .
They want to get married in the same way Martin Luther , Charles Spurgeon , and other historic church leaders did — before God , not before a county clerk .
If the government endorses gay marriage , religious conservatives will be more inclined to isolate themselves , said Maggie Gallagher , president of the Institute for Marriage and Public Policy , which opposes gay marriage .
That could cripple the movement to preserve marriage for heterosexuals , she said .
“ The strongest supporters of marriage will be pushed out of the public square , at a minimum , in a way that will weaken the civil institution , ” she said .
But Cobin ’s solution to the marriage debate is gaining steam , from both sides .
Barry Lynn , a minister ordained by the United Church of Christ , bristles whenever he applies for recertification to perform wedding ceremonies .
“ It offends me , ” he said .
“ It ’s not the state ’s business to make me an officer in my ministerial capacity . ”
Lynn is also director of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State , an organization that has fought to remove monuments of the Ten Commandments from public places , protect military enlistees from evangelistic campaigns , and end earmarks that place federal money in the hands of faith - based organizations .
Americans United also advocates government support of same - sex unions .
Lynn said he ’s tempted to perform wedding ceremonies without state licenses , but he knows that could cause problems for the couple later on .
Name changes would be a headache , they would n’t get tax benefits , and any future child custody or property disputes could get ugly .
Cobin disagrees .
“ When was the last time anyone asked you to see your marriage license ? ” he said .
Still , Lynn is skeptical that pulling out of the legal marriage system is the answer .
Instead , he said , the federal government should separate the religious and civil components of marriage .
The state would recognize all unions , and churches could have the freedom to allow or bar certain types of marriage ceremonies .
That ’s a solution Douglas Laycock , a professor at the University of Michigan , has been advocating for years .
For generations in the United States , the government required little more than a public notice of marriage in order to recognize a union between two people .
By the 1920s , certain states required that couples apply for marriage licenses as part of an effort to prevent biracial unions .
Modern marriage blends civil and religious obligations .
“ As long as we had a relative consensus about what marriage meant , it did n’t cause significant problems , ” Laycock said .
“ We do n’t have that consensus anymore . ”
A federally - imposed split of civil and religious marriage could be within reach if more people , like Cobin , backed away from the state ’s policies , he said .
Couples could choose to be married in a church for religious acknowledgement of their union , in a civil hall for legal acknowledgement of their union , or both .
That ’s how it works in most of the developed world , he said .
The problem in the United States is that most activists in the debate are pressing for a federal definition of marriage .
They wo n’t settle for a separation of church and state , Laycock said .
“ It still sounds so strange to most folks that no politician wants to touch it , ” he said .
Gallagher , the anti-gay marriage activist , called the idea “ silly . ”
“ All the options , assuming failure to defend marriage in the public square , are deeply second - best alternatives , ” she said .
To Christopher Hansen , the state ’s involvement in marriage at any level is n’t ideal .
“ Marriage is about me , my wife and God , not me , my wife and the government , ” he said .
“ I do n’t like that ménage a trois . ”
From commercial kits such as the Chaos Toy or Spacewarp , to the world ’s largest ball run , the 70 foot high Energy Machine in the Hong Kong Science Museum , these complicated contraptions are a classic form of Rube Goldberg Machine .
Here are a collection of videos of some of the worlds most impressive ball runs in action , including the Mark Bischoff machine that was recreated for Anthony Hopkins ’ obsessive character in the movie Fracture , to one built for a one - off ending to Sesame Street .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
The average household could face a £ 48 annual rise from April .
Council taxpayers in England are facing a 3.5 % rise this spring - the lowest in more than a decade - according to Local Government Association figures .
The projected increase is based on a survey of 140 councils and police and fire authorities by the LGA .
It is below the CPI rate of inflation - the government 's preferred rate - now running at 4.1 % , but above the retail price index which stands at 3 % .
A 3.5 % increase in April would take the average bill for 2009 - 10 to £ 1,421 .
This would be a rise of £ 48 over the year , or 92 p a week .
The LGA said that councils were doing their best to hold down tax increases at a time of economic hardship but the Tories described the rise as a " kick in the teeth " for families and pensioners .
Councils are facing a £ 2.5 billion fall in revenues , claimed the LGA , as income from service charges and capital receipts from land and property drop off .
Councils are making services more efficient and they recognise that tax increases need to be kept to the absolute minimum
LGA chairman Margaret Eaton
One in seven councils has already had to cut jobs in recent months while one in five have introduced a recruitment freeze , it added .
At the same time , the downturn is adding to the pressure on services with more people applying for housing benefit , rising homelessness , and an increase in demand for debt advice .
LGA chairman Margaret Eaton said that despite the difficulties , local authorities were doing their best to limit the rises in council tax .
" Money is tight for everyone and nobody likes paying more council tax , but town halls are making enormous efforts to keep bills down , " she said .
" Councils understand that people are suffering and they 're working flat out to keep council tax down , to keep local businesses afloat and help people deal with the impact of the recession .
' Kick in the teeth ' " More people are turning to councils to help them through the recession .
Councils are responding by making services more efficient and they recognise that tax increases need to be kept to the absolute minimum . "
Shadow local government secretary Eric Pickles said : " At a time when so many people are struggling to pay their bills and fear losing their jobs , this latest round of council tax hikes from Gordon Brown is a kick in the teeth .
Now is the time for a fairer local tax based on your ability to pay , not the value of your home
Julia Golsworthy , Lib Dem local government spokeswoman
" Council tax will now take £ 120 a month out of people 's pay packets and pensions .
" A Conservative Government would help freeze council tax for two years , cancel Labour 's forthcoming council tax revaluation and give new powers to local residents to veto high council tax rises . "
Liberal Democrat local government spokeswoman Julia Goldsworthy said that the increases underlined the need reform of the system of local government finance .
" With the recession beginning to bite , any attempt to keep council tax rises to a minimum will be extremely welcome , " she said .
" Now is the time for a fairer local tax based on your ability to pay , not the value of your home . "
The Department for Communities and Local Government said that councils had been told consistently that they must keep average council tax rises " substantially below " 5 % .
" We all recognise that this will be a tough year for many people and they need their councils to provide real help with strong services and fair local tax , " a spokesman said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CAROL STREAM , Ill. , Jan. 18 ( UPI ) -- A UPS deliveryman in Illinois says he handled his most unusual -- and most precious -- package when his wife unexpectedly gave birth in their living room .
Craig Ramirez , 34 , of Carol Stream and his wife Lisa , 31 , already have four children , so he thought it would be another routine labor when she woke him Saturday at 3:30 a.m. to go to the hospital , the Chicago Sun - Times reported Sunday .
Advertisement
By the time they reached the front door , however , the baby 's head was coming out .
" I said , ' No , it ca n't be coming , " Craig recalled .
" It can 't .
That 's not even in the realm of reality . ' "
Craig called 911 as Lisa stood and leaned on a sofa .
Craig then got on his knees , put his hands on the baby 's head and with a push from Lisa , the infant slid into her father 's arms .
The birth happened so quickly there was no time even to turn the lights on .
The parents and little Amelia Yvonne Ramirez were reported doing well , with Craig saying he was prepared to be peppered with delivery jokes when he returned to work at UPS .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian President Dmitry Medvedev asked lawmakers on Tuesday to approve a draft law extending the presidential term of office , a change some observers say is part of a plan to bring Vladimir Putin back to the Kremlin .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Medvedev , who took over the presidency from his mentor Putin this year , proposed extending the term from four to six years in a speech last week and has now submitted a draft law on the change to parliament , the Kremlin said .
Putin is ranked in opinion polls as Russia ’s most popular politician and Kremlin - watchers say he , not his successor , takes many of the crucial decisions .
Putin is now prime minister under Medvedev .
Medvedev said , when proposing the change last week , that it was needed to give the head of state time to push through reforms .
A spokesman for Putin said press reports he planned to return to the Kremlin in an early election were groundless .
The Kremlin has said the proposed change would apply to Medvedev ’s successors but not to him .
Medvedev also submitted a draft law on extending the term of the State Duma lower house of parliament -- where Putin ’s party has a comfortable majority -- from four to five years .
“ The President of Russia ... has sent to the State Duma draft laws on amendments to the constitution of the Russian Federation ‘ on changes to the term of office of the president of the Russian Federation and the State Duma ’ , ” a Kremlin statement said .
The draft laws are likely to win parliamentary approval without problems .
“ We are not going to drag out this issue , ” Alexander Moskalets , a senior lawmaker with Putin ’s United Russia party , told Reuters .
Kremlin critics have said the constitutional changes could be used as a legal pretext to call an early election , enabling Putin to make a comeback .
The constitution bars presidents from serving more than two consecutive terms , but there is no restriction on returning to the job after an interval .
“ A scenario where early presidential and Duma elections are announced after these amendments to the constitution are adopted looks the most likely today , ” the United Civil Front , led by former world chess champion Garry Kasparov , said in a statement .
“ Hardly anyone in Russia can today have any doubts about who in that case will be running for the highest state post , ” the opposition grouping said in the statement issued last week .
“ In this way , the authorities will solve the problem of a third term for President Putin not being legitimate . ”
Apple vs. Dell : Which is Actually Greener ?
December 22nd , 2008 by Nick Douglas
If Dell ’s VP of Communications is so critical of Apple ’s green policies , a month after Apple bragged about their new recyclable , energy - efficient MacBooks , why did n’t he just say that Dell is greener ?
Is it because he ’s humble , or becaus his job is to confuse people ?
Ha , sorry , that ’s too mean .
A PR man ’s job is to lie .
But sometimes he accidentally tells the truth .
[ social_buttons ]
While Dell still beats Apple in Greenpeace ’s annual electronics report , Apple will catch up if they meet their targets over the next few years .
Here ’s how the two computer makers compare ( according to Greenpeace ) on energy efficiency , packaging , materials , and recycling .
Energy efficiency : Apple ’s new models beat Energy Star standards , so you can crank up the smug when you flick on a new MacBook ( or feel even grosser about your outdated Powerbook ) .
A little over half of Dell ’s desktops meet Energy Star requirements , but Greenpeace says the company ’s not explaining just how efficient those computers are .
Winner : Apple
Packaging : Greenpeace says nothing about Dell and Apple ’s packaging .
After all , what ’s one cardboard box compared to all the components in a $ 3000 laptop ?
But bloggers , blissfully logic - free as we are , pay a lot of attention to packaging .
Dell impressed the green blog Treehugger with three goals for the next four years : cut packaging materials by 10 % , use 40 % more sustainable cushioning material , and make sure 75 % of packaging is “ curbside recyclable . ”
That ’s one reason that the Ceres Report on corporate climate change strategies gave Dell 77 points to Apple ’s 28 .
Winner : Dell
Materials : Apple ’s new iPods are free of PVC plastic and BFRs , two materials that Greenpeace wants all electronics makers to eliminate .
Their new MacBooks use very little of these substances , so Apple is on track to be PVC and BFR - free by next year .
Dell reneged on its promise to eliminate PVC and BFRs by next year .
At least Dell is more cautious than Apple about making sure new materials are safe .
Winner : Apple
Greenhouse emissions : Greenpeace wo n’t be satisfied until Apple reports the carbon emissions of its plants and increases its use of renewable energy .
Their report ignores
Dell ’s claim that the company went carbon neutral five months ahead of schedule .
The Unofficial Apple Weblog could n’t find any evidence that Dell was lying , but they implied so anyway by pretty much saying “ nuh-uh ! ” ( What PR people wo n’t lie about for hundreds of dollars an hour , bloggers will lie about for $ 10 a post . )
Winner : Dell
Recycling : Greenpeace likes
Dell ’s recycling program a lot more than Apple ’s .
While Apple says it has recycling facilities in 95 % of its markets worldwide and boasts a recycling rate of 18 % , Greenpeace thinks the company ’s numbers are too opaque to trust .
The same goes for Dell ’s reported numbers of 12.4 % , but Greenpeace gives Dell extra points for supporting laws that would make manufacturers more responsible for the waste they produce .
Both companies are terrible at reporting how much recycled plastic they use .
Winner : Dell
Summary :
An impressive carbon - neutral operation gives
Dell the real edge in this contest , making the company greener than Apple .
But Apple ’s new promises mean it could soon catch up to Dell .
As usual , Apple runs a better PR campaign , but steps like greener iPhone packaging show that Apple cares about going green , just in its own hyped - heavy way .
The bad news is that both Apple and Dell performed dismally compared to competitors like Nokia , Toshiba , Samsung , and Sony .
Nokia ’s phones are more efficient and more easily recyclable , and they ’ve been free of PVC for three years .
Toshiba reports its greenhouse gas use and is setting targets to lower it .
But hey , at least Apple and Dell are kicking Microsoft ’s ass .
Photo by Apple Inc .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
SKY MAP : The sky from mid-northern latitudes at around 6:30 p.m. local time on Dec. 31 , 2008 .
The best time will vary by location :
Go out at or just before sunset and watch for all these objects as the sky begins to darken .
Mercury will be the last to appear and the hardest to spot before it sets .
Neptune 's location is also shown , but it 's visible only through a telescope .
A delightful display of planets and the moon will occur on New Year 's Eve for anyone wishing to step outside and look up just after sunset .
Venus , brighter than all other planets and stars , will dangle just below the thin crescent moon in the southwestern sky .
It 'll be visible -- impossible to miss , in fact -- just as the sun goes down , assuming skies are cloud - free .
Soon thereafter , Mercury and Jupiter will show up hugging the south - southwestern horizon ( just above where the sun went down ) and extremely close to each other .
Jupiter is very bright and easy to spot ; Mercury is faint and harder to see , but it 'll be apparent by its location just to the left of Jupiter .
Jupiter and Mercury will set less than an hour after the sun , so timing your viewing just after sunset is crucial .
You 'll also need a location with a clear view of the western horizon , unobstructed by buildings , trees or mountains .
All the planets , along with the moon and sun , traverse an arc across our sky called the ecliptic , which corresponds to the plane in space that they all roughly share .
For this reason , you could draw an imaginary line from the general location of Venus and the moon , down through the other two planets , and the line would point to where the sun went down .
This line could also initially help you find Jupiter and Mercury .
Weather permitting , you can get a preview of the sky show on Tuesday , Dec. 30 .
On this evening , the planets will be in nearly the same place they 'll be on Dec. 31 , but the moon will be midway between Venus and the Mercury - Jupiter pairing .
One last trick :
Venus is so bright you can see it during daylight if you know where to look .
Given Venus ' proximity to the moon on New Year 's Eve , this would be an excellent moment -- just before sunset -- to use the moon to help you find Venus and gain bragging rights for being one of the few people to be able to claim seeing more than one planet during the daytime ( Earth being the other one ) .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp reported an 11 percent drop in global sales in 2008 , allowing rival Toyota Motor Corp to surpass it as the world ’s largest automaker for the first time .
Car salesman Ray Schaffer ( L ) shows a customer a 2009 Chevrolet Impala sedan at a dealership in Dearborn , Michigan December 29 , 2008 .
General Motors Corp on Wednesday said its global vehicle sales for 2008 had dropped 11 percent , allowing rival Toyota Motor Corp to surpass it as the world 's largest automaker for the first time .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
GM , now struggling to restructure under a $ 13.4 billion U.S. government bailout , had held the title as the global auto industry leader for 77 years and used the line in marketing .
But for 2008 , Detroit - based GM said sales tumbled to 8.35 million vehicles , pressured by tightening credit and a slowdown that began in the United States and spread to emerging markets where GM has been stronger .
GM shares fell 26 cents or 7.4 percent to $ 3.24 on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday near midday .
Earlier this week , Toyota said its global sales for 2008 had slipped 4 percent to 8.97 million vehicles as it also battled a costly slowdown in key markets .
Both GM and Toyota downplayed the significance of the shift in market leadership .
“ Share does n’t always pay the bills , ” Don Esmond , Toyota ’s senior vice president for U.S. operations , said at an industry conference when asked about Toyota capturing the No. 1 spot after years of gaining on GM .
GM and Toyota ended 2007 with a virtual tie .
GM sold 9.369 million vehicles , including those sold through SAIC - GM - Wuling , a commercial vehicle joint - venture in China in which the U.S. automaker has a minority stake .
Toyota sold 9.366 million vehicles for 2007 .
GM Chief Executive Rick Wagoner had vowed to defend the company ’s global sales leadership , saying the title was a point of pride for the automaker .
But with GM reliant on federal funding to avoid bankruptcy , GM Chief Operating Officer Fritz Henderson said late on Tuesday that the automaker had been forced to focus on other measures of the success of its turnaround .
“ I actually noticed that they passed us in market capitalization , profitability and cash flow long ago , ” Henderson said of Toyota .
GM , which faces an end -March deadline to demonstrate to U.S. officials that it can be made viable , has a market capitalization of just under $ 2 billion .
Toyota has a market value of about $ 117 billion .
Like GM , it has had to cut North American production and delay new investment .
The Japanese automaker has warned that it will post its first - ever operating loss this fiscal year .
When asked about Toyota , GM ’s sales analyst Mike DiGiovanni said every major automaker was focused on profitability and survival amid the industry ’s worst downturn in decades .
“ I do n’t think being No. 1 in global sales means much at all to the average consumer , ” he told reporters and analysts on a conference call .
“ I think it ’s an internal benchmark of our industry , but it really does n’t mean anything to the consumer . ”
But he also noted that GM had beat Toyota in sales in 17 of the 26 emerging markets the automaker tracks , including the big markets of Brazil , Russia , India and China .
In 2008 , GM sold 64 percent of its vehicles outside the United States , up from 59 percent a year earlier .
GM ’s sales in its home market dropped by 20 percent in 2008 but it posted gains of 10 percent in Brazil , 30 percent in Russia , 9 percent in India and 6 percent in China .
Despite a slow start to 2009 , DiGiovanni said GM expected upcoming fiscal stimulus packages from the United States , China and other governments would boost demand in the second half of the year .
“ We feel we ’ve weathered one hell of a storm , and we ’re cautiously optimistic as we move into ‘ 09 that we can stabilize and grow again , ” he said .
After a decade in development , the toughest wind turbines ever built are ready to make their debut .
The machines are the world 's first designed specifically for the harsh and remote conditions of the sea and have been developed in Germany , by the French energy company Areva .
The turbines have a new waterproofing system and a simplified and lighter design , which should mean they require fewer expensive maintenance visits and are cheaper and easier to install and maintain .
The turbines will stand 90 m above the water and have a blade diameter of almost 120m .
At full power each of the 5MW turbines will supply enough electricity for 5,000 homes .
The offshore turbines in use today are simply windmills designed for use on land that have been taken out to sea .
As such they are not optimised for reliability or ease of installation or maintenance , which drives up the cost of their operation .
But , according to the Carbon Trust , a British government - backed company which invests in low - carbon technologies , driving down costs is crucial if the UK is to build the minimum of 29 GW of offshore wind power needed by 2020 to hit the EU 's renewable energy targets .
" Without urgent action there is a risk that little additional offshore wind power will be built by 2020 beyond the 8GW already planned or in operation , " it said .
In development for more than a decade , Areva has now unveiled plans to install six of the giant Multibrid M5000 turbines as part of the Alpha Ventus project , Germany 's first offshore wind farm to be situated 45 km from the island of Borkum .
They are expected to be in place by the end of the summer .
Peter Madigan , offshore renewables development manager at the British Wind Energy Association said the Multibrid turbine was an important development : " At present we use onshore wind technology taken offshore .
In terms of cost , having devices customised to the offshore environment will help bring prices down . "
David Clarke , chief executive of the independent Energy Technologies Institute , agreed the design is a significant advance : " It is the only device at that full - scale 5 MW that has been built and tested as an offshore - specific design .
On that basis , Areva are leaders . "
Turbines designed for use on land are relatively heavy and cost a lot to install and maintain .
Areva 's design tackles some of these problems by simplifying the engineering , in particular the electrical generator behind the blades .
" Coupled with a simplified , novel gearbox , that 's exactly the kind of innovation that we 're looking for in offshore - specific machines , " said Clarke .
The blades are reinforced with carbon fibre to make them as light as possible , and all of the mechanisms needed to change their position relative to the wind are enclosed to prevent sea air damaging them .
The nacelle , which contains the generator and major engineering components , is also hermetically sealed against the ambient air .
An Areva spokesperson said reliability was a top priority for the design – all the sensors and power management systems that are critical for the operation of the turbine have been installed in duplicate , to avoid the system shutting down in the event of an individual technical failure .
Areva also claims that its wind turbine is simpler to install than standard offshore machines since it is largely assembled and tested onshore , but it will still require a customised barge .
Other research teams have tried to tackle the installation problemby developing turbines that float , but experiments by renewables company Blue H and Norweigan oil giant Statoil are still in the earliest stages .
Both Clarke and Madigan said that offshore wind was important for the UK 's future energy mix .
" Offshore , you do n't have local residents to worry about so you can do bigger turbines and operational noise is n't an issue , " said Madigan .
Thailand has been accused of mistreating the illegal immigrants ( Photo : Thai navy )
By Subir Bhaumik
BBC News , Calcutta
Thai soldiers are detaining illegal migrants from Bangladesh and Burma and forcing them back out to sea in boats without engines , survivors say .
Survivors say their hands were tied and they were towed out to sea with little or no food or water .
About 500 migrants are now recovering from acute dehydration in India 's Andaman islands and the Indonesian province of Aceh .
Thai officials were not immediately available for comment .
But sources in the police and army confirmed to the BBC's Jonathan Head in Bangkok that asylum seekers are being pushed out to sea .
They did not provide further details about the practice .
Thousands of poor Burmese and Bangladeshis try to reach south - east Asian nations in search of work .
' Without food '
Survivors rescued by Indian coast guards say hundreds of other asylum - seekers are still missing after leaving Bangladesh and Burma since the end of November .
They told the BBC that they paid agents to take them to Thailand by boat so that they could have a better life .
They said that the Thai authorities detained many of them in Koh Sai Daeng island .
" Thai soldiers tied up our hands and then put us in boats without engines .
These were towed into the high sea by motorised boats and left to drift , " said Zaw Win , a survivor rescued by Indian coast guards off the coast of Little Andamans after drifting for 12 days .
" We were without food and water .
The Thai soldiers clearly wanted us to die on the boats , " Win told the BBC by telephone from a camp where survivors are being cared for .
Other survivors said that about 400 migrants were put on a huge boat by soldiers .
It was equipped with only two bags of rice and two drums of drinking water .
" The food and water ran out in two days .
After that we were starving for nearly 15 days before we saw a lighthouse and jumped into the sea and tried swimming ashore , " Mohammed Said told the BBC .
This group of migrants was also rescued by the Indian coast guards and put into relief camps .
" They have all suffered huge dehydration .
We are taking care of them the best we can , " said Ratan Kar , deputy director of health services in the Andamans .
' Dehydration and starvation '
Nearly all of those rescued have equally harrowing stories .
The asylum seekers are dehydrated ( Photo : Andaman Chronicle )
One Rohingya villager from Burma said that his son and seven friends had left together on the same boat .
He said that after they were arrested by the Thai authorities , they were forced onto the same large boat without an engine : " Four of them , including my son , survived but four died , " he said .
" My son told me that many died because of dehydration and starvation but many also jumped into the sea .
" When the boat finally drifted close to an Andaman island , there were only just over 100 still onboard . "
The refugees say that hardly any of them escaped the Thai military guarding the country 's coastal islands .
Human rights activists have condemned Thailand 's " inhuman and brutal response " to this new wave of illegal migration .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Would You Set Sail in an Airship ?
January 14th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
It sounds like science fiction , but Christopher Ottersbach ’s concept airship may one day become a reality .
The aerodynamic ship seats 2 to 4 people and could potentially travel for two weeks filled with helium .
No infrastructure is necessary .
Additional thrust and steering is provided by the crew ’s pedal - powered propulsion .
The airship ’s vertical shape and fold - out stand allows it to land almost anywhere — no airport needed .
And since helium is both non-flammable and non-toxic , airship navigators do n’t have to worry about carbon emissions .
The only potential caveat is the rarity of helium — while the element is the second most abundant element in the universe , it is both scarce and finite on Earth .
Additionally , it can only be extracted using low temperature gas liquefaction or recovered from natural gas .
This pitfall will probably prevent the airship from ever going mainstream , but the ship could provide a hobby for green flying enthusiasts .
Photo Credit : Aeolus
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - Ford Motor
Co said on Sunday it planned to introduce a small electric car in North America in 2011 as part of a plan to introduce electric , hybrid and plug - in hybrid vehicles over the next four years .
By committing to offer a new line of rechargeable electric cars , Ford joins a growing number of automakers who have responded to calls to ramp up the introduction of battery - powered vehicles .
Ford , the No. 2 U.S. - based automaker , said it was working with auto parts supplier Magna International to bring a small battery - powered car to market in North America in 2011 , using a lithium - ion battery , with a range of up to 100 miles per charge .
Ford ’s product development chief , Derrick Kuzak , said pure electric car sales would be focused on urban markets with initial sales targeted at the 5,000 to 10,000 range .
In a presentation at the North American International Auto Show , Ford said its next generation of hybrid vehicles would include a plug - in version by 2012 .
The automaker also plans a battery electric commercial van in 2010 .
“ We are moving to more hybrids , whether they are regular hybrids or plug - in hybrids , ” Ford Chief Executive Alan Mulally told reporters on the sidelines of the auto show .
Long term , Mulally said that “ as we continue to improve the electrical grids around the world ... having a complete battery electric vehicle is going to be a really important part of our strategy . ”
Environmental advocates see pure electric and “ plug - in ” -- or rechargeable -- hybrids as the most promising way to cut greenhouse gas emissions and oil consumption .
General Motors Corp seized headlines in 2007 by promising to build its all - electric Chevy Volt by 2010 .
Chrysler , eager to prove it can stay competitive , said in September it also expected to have its first battery - powered vehicle in showrooms by 2010 .
Automakers have made several big hybrid and electric vehicle plans as they look for an edge over rivals , but with the world economy slipping and gas prices in the U.S. well off their earlier peak , the timing could be difficult .
Widespread demand for hybrids has cooled in the months since the U.S. national average price for gasoline peaked at more than $ 4 per gallon in mid 2008 .
Still , Ford expects U.S. drivers to pay more for energy over the long term , justifying the capital investments .
“ No question electric vehicle programs are moving forward , whether the market wants it or not is another question , ” industry analyst Erich Merkle said , adding that the political landscape requires all automakers to make the investments .
Ford was the first U.S. automaker to develop its own hybrid , but had pulled back from promises earlier this decade for a heavy commitment to hybrid technology at a time when truck sales remained strong .
The automaker said the new electrification plan was the next step in the sustainability plan unveiled in 2007 .
Ford has aimed its plans at mass market vehicles and lower costs for the consumer and has not placed a bet on any one technology .
Ford believes there has been enough development on critical technology to move forward with the electric vehicle plans it announced on Sunday .
U.S. ambassador to Pakistan Anne Patterson visits the mausoleum of Mohammad Ali Jinnah , founder of the nation , in Karachi October 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Athar Hussain
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - Pakistan summoned U.S. ambassador Anne Patterson on Thursday to receive a formal protest over missile strikes launched by pilotless drone aircraft against militant targets on Pakistani soil , a Pakistani foreign ministry official said .
The protest came a day after a suspected U.S. missile strike killed five militants , possibly including an Arab al Qaeda operative .
Wednesday ’s attack on Bannu district was unusual in that it took place deeper in Pakistani territory in an area outside the semi-autonomous tribal lands bordering Afghanistan where most other attacks have focused .
“ The American ambassador has been called to the Foreign Office to lodge a protest over the missile attack in Bannu , ” a Foreign Ministry official told Reuters .
Free Solar - Powered WiFi Coming to a Town Near You
November 19th , 2008 by Jerry James Stone
Meraki — the ubiquitous WiFi company — announced that their much anticipated solar unit will begin shipping on December 4 as part of the company ’s mission to bring affordable Internet access to everyone .
Here in San Francisco , I often connect my iPhone to their Free the Net hot spots while out and about .
But San Francisco is n’t the only place to benefit from this .
According to the company , their customers span 125 countries and range from operators for individual buildings to large carriers connecting entire towns and regions .
It seems the new solar units can only further their goal .
The units will be ideal for such places as fair grounds , parks and rural areas .
[ social_buttons ]
The unit is n’t cheap , costing $ 749 for a bring - your - own - panel model and up to $ 1,499 for larger units .
But as pricey as that is , it can be significantly less than a wired solution .
It will be interesting to see if Meraki can complete their goal considering how large companies like Google and EarthLink have failed at such efforts both here in San Francisco and in other cities like Philadelphia .
Image : Meraki press resources
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Some agencies that , in the best of times , had to turn away half of their qualified applicants are facing ever more wrenching choices about whom to represent , decisions that Steven Banks , chief attorney for New York City ’s Legal Aid Society , compared to those in “ a MASH unit in a war zone . ”
Legal aid can represent only one of every seven people seeking help in the city , he said .
Image Zoe K. Cronin , right , meeting with a client , La Toya Haughton , and Allison Ahern , left , an intern .
Credit ... Nicole Bengiveno / The New York Times
In East Texas , where thousands of people whose houses were destroyed by Hurricane Ike last fall are contesting federal denials of aid , and some are living in tents , the regional legal service budget of $ 16 million is expected to decline to $ 4 million this year .
Paul Furrh , director of Lone Star Legal Aid , said his group was already overwhelmed .
Low - income defendants in serious criminal cases have a constitutional right to a lawyer .
But there is no such right in civil cases , even though the consequences  losing a home or custody of a child , failing to obtain a protective order quickly  can be just as life - altering .
Federal appropriations for the Legal Services Corporation , the largest source of money for aid groups , have declined over time .
This year ’s level of $ 350 million is , when adjusted to inflation , down more than one - third from its peak in 1994 .
Many states provide a supplement , but they are also in a brutal fiscal squeeze .
Over the last three decades , every state has adopted a program drawing interest from trust or escrow accounts .
Called Interest on Lawyers ’ Trust Accounts , or Iolta programs , they have been a godsend for struggling legal aid groups , providing $ 212 million in 2007 , according to the American Bar Association .
But as a result of the collateral damage from the free - falling interest rate , the Massachusetts budget for civil legal services has been cut to $ 19 million this fiscal year , from $ 27 million ; the Boston branch expects to lay off up to one - fifth of its lawyers and paralegals in coming months .
People with legal troubles and little money , like Jim Vedrani , 53 , of Amesbury , Mass . , have found themselves on their own .
As a technician fixing boat motors , Mr. Vedrani earned a right to unemployment benefits when he was let go .
Then he took a job working on a farm , but quit after seven weeks because of what he called extreme emotional abuse by his supervisor .
“ He took every chance to humiliate me in front of others , ” he said .
That 's one nugget in a four - page interview Jonathan Blow gave to Gamasutra .
But he 's not sure if he 'll end up finishing it :
" My newest game I started is looking very promising .
I 'm very excited to do it .
But if the patterns of history continue , then I may not be working on it a month from now , so I do n't want to start telling people about it , " he said .
While he said it 's a 2D role - playing game , it sounds like his project schedule can get turned on its head at any time , and he 'd ending building " a Pac - Man clone or something . "
Yes , but it would certainly be the most critically acclaimed Pac - Man clone or something , that 's for sure .
Advertisement
Jonathan Blow : The Next Phase [ Gamasutra via Xbox 360 Fanboy ]
GE Launches Incandescent - Shaped CFL Bulb
December 12th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Do you like the environmental friendliness of CFL bulbs but also enjoy the shape of incandescent bulbs ?
GE has a solution — the world ’s first incandescent - shaped CFL bulb .
The 8,000 - hour CFL is guaranteed for 5 years based on 4 hours of daily use .
The CFL bulb is placed inside of a typical incandescent bulb glass which will be frosted in the final product .
GE will debut the 9 and 20 watt versions of the bulb at Ace Hardware and Target in January .
The bulb will be released widely in the Spring , and a 100 watt version should be available in 2010 .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/-xYoSTDBifE&hl=en&fs=1]
Photo Credit : GE
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President - elect Barack Obama has chosen former White House chief of staff Leon Panetta to lead the CIA , which has been widely criticized for harsh interrogation of terrorism suspects , Democratic officials said on Monday .
Former Clinton
White House chief of staff Leon Panetta gestures during a break in a televised interview with Larry King for the CNN program " Larry King Live " March 19 , 1998 in Los Angeles .
REUTERS / Rose Prouser / Files
The surprise pick of Panetta for Central Intelligence Agency director was one of the last major nominations for the incoming Obama administration , which takes over from President George W. Bush on January 20 .
Panetta has relatively little experience in national security matters , though he did participate in daily intelligence briefings with President Bill Clinton when he served as Clinton ’s chief of staff between 1994 and 1997 .
He is best known as a budget expert who tamed deficits in the White House and during a prior 16 - year stint in Congress .
He was a member of the Iraq Study Group , a bipartisan commission that was charged with assessing a way to end the Iraq war .
Its recommendations for a phased troop withdrawal were largely ignored by the Bush administration , which chose to increase the U.S. military presence there instead .
Intelligence experts said Panetta ’s knowledge of the inner workings of government , and his strong bipartisan reputation for fairness , would prove valuable .
“ It was a surprise , but I think he will prove to be a valuable pick , ” said a source with close ties to U.S. intelligence .
Panetta would succeed Michael Hayden , who has been criticized by some Democrats and human rights groups for his defense of Bush administration counterterrorism tactics .
Hayden has sought to restore stability at the spy agency .
CIA CONTROVERSIES
The CIA has been at the center of a number of major controversies during Bush ’s presidency , beginning with the intelligence failures before the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and then the faulty prewar intelligence about Iraq ’s weapons programs .
The agency also has been criticized for the use of waterboarding , or simulated drowning , and other harsh interrogation methods on al Qaeda suspects , for the secret transfer of captured terrorism suspects to countries known to use torture and for the use of secret prisons overseas for high - level captives .
Obama has vowed to “ put a clear end to torture ” and restore a balance between security and constitutional protections .
“ The CIA still is in a politically fragile moment , ” said Princeton professor Julian Zelizer .
“ Bringing a politically skilled person into this position can help the CIA revitalize its political standing . ”
The position of CIA director is not as influential as it used to be after the creation in 2004 of a Director of National Intelligence to oversee all U.S. intelligence agencies .
Sources say Obama has picked retired Navy Adm. Dennis Blair to fill that position .
After leaving the White House , Panetta has directed a public policy center at California State University , Monterey and served in other positions within California ’s state university system .
He has also sat on a number of corporate and nonprofit boards .
Panetta ’s choice could appease some liberal activists who have said that Obama ’s other picks for key national - security posts are too hawkish and insufficiently antiwar .
Obama has picked retired Marine Gen. James Jones for his national security adviser and has asked current Defense Secretary Robert Gates to remain in charge at the Pentagon .
Dollar Street is the brainchild of Anna Rosling where she uses photos as data to make everyday life on different income all Read more …
Mr. Assad ’s broadside was also a reminder that the perennial fractiousness of Arab politics goes deeper than disagreements on politics and religion .
Syria ’s differences with Saudi Arabia , which stem from Syria ’s ties with Iran and its suspected role in an assassination in Lebanon in 2005 , have been exacerbated by a personal feud between the Saudi king and Mr. Assad that began with Mr. Assad publicly insulting the king two years ago and is likely to be worsened by the bitter accusations of the past few weeks .
Even where two countries share the same ideology and politics , personal differences between leaders have sometimes maintained a rift .
Syria and Iraq were ruled for decades by the Baathist leaders Hafez al - Assad ( Bashar ’s father ) and Saddam Hussein , whose rivalry kept their countries bitterly divided .
Image MEETING President Michel Suleiman of Lebanon , arriving in Doha .
Credit ... European Pressphoto Agency
“ One of the problems with Arab politics is that it remains tribal and personal and that is why Arabs cannot agree about anything , ” said Hilal Khashan , a professor of political science at the American University in Beirut .
Yet today ’s inter -Arab tensions are not just about Gaza , or relations with the West , or even personal disputes .
Many Arab leaders believe that Iran is aiming to become the dominant power in Middle East , and is using the Palestinian issue to batter its rivals through Hamas , its client .
“ What ’s happening in Gaza is dangerous on its own , but also dangerous in its implications , ” said a Jordanian official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the issue .
“ Iran is interested in prolonging the violence , because that would help it to mobilize the Arab street and turn people here against their governments . ”
That broad political threat to moderate Western - leaning governments may outweigh the sectarian anxieties provoked by Iran ’s Shiite theology as its national power rises .
Iran , after all , has now helped empower a Sunni Islamist movement , Hamas , as well as a Shiite Islamist movement , Hezbollah , and together the movements can claim a popular following across the Arab world .
To many on both sides of the Arab divide , the battle in Gaza is a kind of replay of the 2006 war between Israel and Hezbollah .
Then , as now , Israel mounted vastly more destructive attacks in response to the Islamists ’ launching of rockets into populated Israeli areas .
In a sense , the strategy worked : the Israel - Lebanon border has been quiet ever since .
Even after the Gaza war began , Hezbollah restrained its militia from any attacks , knowing it could lose much of its political support within Lebanon if it were to draw the country into another devastating war .
Now Israel , in Gaza , clearly hopes to limit Hamas ’s future military options as well , mainly through agreements that could choke off its weapons supply network .
Yet the 2006 war strengthened Hezbollah politically , and the group now seems likely to win a majority in the parliamentary elections later this year , a pivotal development .
Many people in Lebanon fear that the current war could bring similar new strength to Hamas , even as it inflicts political damage on its foes in the Arab world .
Just a glimpse into the far - right psyche .
The two biggest ticket items that have leaped into public consciousness discrediting parts of the stimulus package have been family planning and STD prevention .
Both have been blaring Drudge headlines .
Now , this is technical stuff and I do n't doubt that there 's merit to the case against portraying these as in some way necessary counter - cyclical emergency funding .
But why is it the GOP is so easily galvanized by sexual panic ?
Weird , if you ask me .
This is the budget we 're talking about here .
Even there , they reach , like the exhausted tacticians they are , for the culture war .
And it is n't reaching back .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A fistful of $ 100 trillion notes - worth about £ 2.30 each
Hyperinflation has forced the country 's central bank to issue a 100 trillion Zimbabwe dollar note .
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe also plans to launch Z$ 10 trillion , Z$ 20 trillion and Z$ 50 trillion notes in " a new family of banknotes " .
Prices double daily .
Food and fuel are in short supply and cholera has killed more than 2,000 .
New notes soon become almost worthless .
Most Zimbabweans resort to the black market - where the Z$ 100 trillion note would be worth about £ 23 .
Tom Leppard said he was getting too old for living in the wild A man made famous for his leopard - spot tattoos has left his life in the wild for the comfort of a one - bedroom house .
For the past 20 years , Tom Leppard , known as the Leopard Man of Skye , has lived in a remote bothy under a roof made from plastic sheeting .
The cabin , on a stretch of shoreline near Kyleakin , had no electricity or furniture and he had to canoe three miles for his weekly shopping .
Mr Leppard , 73 , said : " I 'm getting too old for that kind of life . "
The London - born pensioner said he was slowly adjusting to his new life in Broadford , on Skye .
" It 's certainly very strange being surrounded by four walls and a roof but I 'll get used to it , " he said .
" I 'm getting bits of furniture together all the time and I 'm getting used to sleeping in a bed at night - it 's certainly more comfortable than I 'm used to and electricity is very convenient . "
When you 're covered in leopard tattoos you certainly get noticed - I became a bit of a tourist attraction on Skye
Tom Leppard Mr Leppard , who spent £ 5,500 covering his body in leopard - like spots , was the world 's most tattooed man - a crown he held until recently .
In his crumbling previous home , he cooked on a gas stove and slept on a bed made from blocks of polystyrene and foam .
He said : " I had to canoe to Kyle once a week for shopping and it was getting too hard for me - I was one big wave away from disaster .
It 's a pretty nasty stretch of water . "
He described how a friend with a boat offered to take him off a few weeks ago .
" I just decided there and then to go , " he said , " I packed what kit I could into black bin liners and that was it . "
The ex-special forces soldier said he had no regrets about his hermit lifestyle .
He said : " I 've loved every minute and when you 're covered in leopard tattoos you certainly get noticed - I became a bit of a tourist attraction on Skye . "
However , Mr Leppard said his bothy days were behind him and he was looking forward to relaxing a bit more " Everyone 's been very friendly since I moved in and I 'll just settle for the quiet life now , " he added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A week after the close of the four - year case of Julie Amero , the Connecticut substitute teacher accused of exposing middle - students to online smut , Sunbelt Software CEO Alex Eckelberry does n't see any real win in the settlement .
" What can I say , " he shrugged during a conversation with BetaNews earlier this week concerning the final decision .
Ms. Amero , a substitute teacher prosecuted on felony charges after a malware - infected computer in her classroom began spewing ads for adult entertainment sites , agreed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge , pay a $ 100 fine , and surrender her credentials to teach in the state of Connecticut .
" I 'm disappointed it ever got this far . "
Eckelberry and a group of other computer professionals stepped in to aid Amero 's defense team after prosecutors in Connecticut filed those charges .
( PDF available here )
Advertisement
The incident occurred in October 2004 .
Parents of some students complained , and the school district contacted the police .
To the dismay of forensics experts , the district was unable to provide firewall records or prove that any significant anti-malware protections were installed on Amero 's machine , although she had been instructed never to shut it off .
( A PDF is available describing the events in the classroom . )
Prosecutor David Smith and Norwich , Conn. police detective Mike Lounsbury ran a perfunctory test to see if the images in the pop-ups were cached in the computer , and promptly went to bat for conviction on risk of injury to a minor , or impairing the morals of a child .
The original trial , in which Amero was convicted on all counts and faced a maximum of forty years in prison , barred the defense from presenting expert testimony on how pop-ups work , and included bizarre tech claims by Lounsbury .
For example : " When you link on a link , again , links are Javascripted , you click on a link , it changes color ... "
A cynical observer might think that the whole incident is a case of two small - town politicos gunning for a pass to a State Legislative seat or the like , but Eckelberry is perhaps more kind .
" I 'm talked to David Smith .
I think he really believes that [ Amero ] is a lesbian .
Lounsbury really does ; in his world , she was sitting there fondling herself in front of the students . "
( Ms. Amero is married to Mr. Wes Amero ; at the time of the computer incident and her arrest , she was pregnant after years of fertility treatments , but miscarried soon after the legal uproar began . )
Eckelberry notes that mistakes were made by both the prosecution and the defense , but overall the investigation was made far more difficult when the school district was unable to provide correct information about its computers and network .
However , the experts were provided a disk image of sorts , and were able to discern some things from it .
The researchers found that the machine in question was running Windows 98 , upgraded at some point from Windows 95 .
The machine was running an anti-virus program that had been discontinued by the company about six months earlier ( Cheyenne AntiVirus / Inoculate IT , offered by Computer Associates ) .
The clock on the machine was incorrectly set , so discerning what happened when was n't possible .
In contrast to the volunteer experts ' deliberate work on the evidence available , it 's clear that neither the prosecution nor the defense were particularly tech - competent .
The Norwich police department did n't have much in the way of investigative skills for computer - related crime , and the software they used to evaluate the computer could only say that images were in the cache , not how they got there .
The IT manager for Norwich Public Schools , Bob Hartz , was also lacking skills , claiming that the machine 's virus protection was updated " weekly " and that he'd never heard of adware or spyware generating porn pop-ups , or of mousetrapping .
Amero was also no computer pro ; she believed that turning off the computer 's monitor ( which would have kept the kids from seeing the pop-ups and perhaps avoided all the trouble ) was equivalent to shutting down the machine .
And Eckelberry says that the trouble that day most likely started when Amero confused her browser 's address bar with a search engine 's text - entry form -- Amero typed in " new hairstyles , " the NewDotNet - infected PC redirected her to a problematic site , and the wild rumpus began .
" I can tell you one thing , " he emphasizes .
" She did not sit down at that computer that morning looking for porn . "
And now ?
As for Amero , Eckelberry thinks that the strain of the long ordeal -- " a precipitous decline , mental and physical " -- was reason enough for Amero to take the deal , since " at least it is n't a felony . "
More broadly , there 's The Julie Group , named for this tale 's protagonist .
Its mission is " to bring attention to those situations where injustice is being done through the misuse or misunderstanding of computers and computer forensics ; and second , to prevent future injustice wherever we are able . "
And who knows , says Eckelberry -- even the years - long denouement of this sorry case may lead to justice for others down the road .
" I think this case helped , " he says , " I really do .
I think it raised awareness , and without [ the attention ] nothing would have happened . "
HONG KONG — China has bought more than $ 1 trillion of American debt , but as the global downturn has intensified , Beijing is starting to keep more of its money at home , a move that could have painful effects for American borrowers .
The declining Chinese appetite for United States debt , apparent in a series of hints from Chinese policy makers over the last two weeks , with official statistics due for release in the next few days , comes at an inconvenient time .
On Tuesday , President - elect Barack Obama predicted the possibility of trillion - dollar deficits “ for years to come , ” even after an $ 800 billion stimulus package .
Normally , China would be the most avid taker of the debt required to pay for those deficits , mainly short - term Treasuries , which are government i.o.u.’s .
In the last five years , China has spent as much as one - seventh of its entire economic output buying foreign debt , mostly American .
In September , it surpassed Japan as the largest overseas holder of Treasuries .
Posted on by Scott
John Williams , Dartmouth economist , is a specialist in government economic reporting .
More specifically , he exposes the lies and distortions that now run rampant through these government - created statistics .
Mr. Williams ’ web site , ShadowStats , reports real stats as they used to be reported prior to the Clinton administration .
He ’s just issued a flash alert :
The annualized real contraction for fourth - quarter 2008 retail sales was 17.1 % .
Consistent with a still - deepening recession , fourth quarter 2008 production showed an annualized quarterly contraction of 11.5 % , following an 8.9 % contraction in the third quarter .
A depression is defined as a recession where peak - to - trough contraction exceeds 10 % , a level currently exceeded in annualized terms by both fourth - quarter real retail sales and industrial production .
Did you get that ?
Retail sales actually fell off a cliff last quarter , down by over 17 % .
This is more than DOUBLE the 7.7 % drop the government “ officially ” reported Jan. 14th .
[ link to “ official ” report ]
This massive drop in retail sales and fourth quarter industrial production easily exceeds the “ 10 % Rule ” for defining the difference between a recession and a depression .
Yes , we are now in a DEPRESSION , not a recession .
Spread the word , and brace 4 impact .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Markets & Economy | Tagged : depression |
Tom Cruise , Katie Holmes & Suri : Friday Photos
We really only get to seecoming and going from the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre in New York City , where she stars in the Broadway show All My Sons .
Last night proved to be no different , other than the fact thatand daughter Suri escorted her to the show .
If you have seen Tom in recent interviews , he seems to have relaxed quite a bit lately .
We 're noticing flashes of a sense of humor and he 's even poking fun at himself .
Is it our imagination or is he looking younger too ?
He seems to be tweaking his image in all areas .
Tom has been very accommodating to Manhattan fans with autographs and posing for pictures .
It 's amazing how a guy can rise to the challenge when he is promoting a new movie .
Valkyrie is in theaters now .
Check out the photo gallery below .
Photos : Wenn
Enlarge By Craig Ruttle , AP Bank of America shares closed down 29 % at $ 5.10 on Jan. 20 .
Read more on BAC at Read more on C at NEW YORK  Portfolio manager Eric Boyce of Hester Capital Management talks about great stock - buying opportunities every morning when he meets with his fellow investment professionals in their Austin offices .
But they are n't lured by bank stocks , even though once blue - chip institutions , including Citigroup and Bank of America , are trading like penny stocks .
If there 's a new wave of credit losses , Boyce says , " The government might take some of these banks over , just like it did Fannie ( Mae ) and Freddie ( Mac ) . "
CHART : Bailout money goes in , but losses pile up Lots of people share Boyce 's aversion to banks , even though the sector has fallen 66 % over the last 12 months .
" Investors are concerned that their shares will be diluted further , " says Samuel Hayes , professor of finance emeritus at Harvard Business School .
Several banks hold assets that are made up of complex securities — including home mortgages — that have either plunged in value or are too hard to assess .
And the likelihood of additional consumer and commercial loan losses at these severely weakened banks rises as the U.S. recession deepens , putting millions of people out of work .
Citi ( C ) stock , at $ 3.55 , is off 86 % in the last 12 months to levels not seen since the early 1990s .
And BofA ( BAC ) , at $ 6.50 , is down 84 % and close to a 16 - year low .
What 's more , the banks cut dividends to a penny per common share when each issued preferred stock to the government for its cash infusions of $ 45 billion each .
The government collects annual dividends of 8 % and 10 % .
" A classic reason why people invest in bank stocks is for the dividends , and now that 's gone , " says Cassandra Toroian , chief investment officer at Bell Rock Capital .
Now there 's a growing view that federal officials will have to take control of Citi or BofA if either needs additional capital from the government .
That could drive the stock price to zero .
One telltale sign is the value that shareholders have put on the banks .
Citi has a market capitalization of $ 18 billion , and BofA 's at $ 30 billion — in both cases , less than the amount of the government 's investments .
" It reflects that the market does n't believe these banks are solvent , despite all the cash that has been injected into them , " says Thomas Cooley , dean of the New York University 's Stern School of Business .
The recent stream of devastating losses from financial companies contributes to the fear that the worst is not over yet .
General Electric , which has a huge financial arm , said on Friday that it wrote off $ 10 billion in bad loans in 2008 .
" We expect both the commercial and the consumer delinquencies to continue to get worse in 2009 , " CFO Keith Sherin told analysts in a conference call .
PNC Financial Services also sounded downbeat last week when it said that charges related to its recent purchase of National City contributed to a loss for the fourth quarter .
PNC has set aside as much as $ 500 million to cover credit losses .
Almost all banks — from giants JPMorgan Chase to comparative small fry including SunTrust Bank and KeyCorp — are doubling the amount of cash they 're holding to cover losses .
" Last year , we saw the de facto bankruptcy of the largest mortgage broker , Countrywide , and the largest buyer of securities , Fannie and Freddie , " says Sean Egan , managing director of ratings agency Egan - Jones .
" Now the train wreck is moving through the rest of the financial sector . "
Many investors fear that even comparatively solid banks such as JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC ) will be hit with additional asset problems following their marriages with , respectively , Washington Mutual and Wachovia .
" The assets are made up of complex securities distributed internationally , which are impossible to unwind , which is what makes this financial crisis so knotty , " says Egan .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said last week that President Obama 's administration plans to " stabilize the core of the financial system . "
Geithner said that dealing with the so - called toxic assets was key to solving the financial mess .
He also plans to help banks expand lending for car and student loans , credit cards and small businesses .
However , critics say that could drive consumers to borrow more than they can handle .
" It 's like force - feeding Twinkies to somebody who is on a diet , " says Peter Schiff , president of Euro Pacific Capital .
Meanwhile , Hester Capital 's Boyce says that he will wait .
" There 's no doubt that banks look cheap , but we 're waiting for a catalyst . "
BAILOUT MONEY GOES IN , BUT LOSSES PILE UP | BAILOUT MONEY GOES IN , BUT LOSSES PILE UP | Story Despite getting $ 328 billion in federal bailout money , the top 10 recipients of TARP funds have lost a combined $ 736.4 billion in market value from their 52 - week highs .
Top 10 TARP fund recipients TARP funds received ( billions ) Stock drop , 52 - wk. high Market value loss , 52 - wk. high ( billions ) AIG $ 150 - 98 % -$ 140.5 Bank of America * $ 45 - 87 % -$ 161.5 Citigroup $ 45 - 89 % -$ 129.7 JPMorgan Chase $ 25 - 60 % -$ 87.8 Wells Fargo $ 25 - 67 % -$ 67.3 Goldman Sachs $ 10 - 69 % -$ 46.2 Morgan Stanley $ 10 - 71 % -$ 31.7 PNC Financial $ 7.7 - 70 % -$ 15.1 U.S. Bancorp $ 6.6 - 68 % -$ 43.4 Capital One $ 3.6 - 67 % -$ 13.2 Total $ 327.9 -$ 736.4 * = includes Merrill Lynch .
Sources : Capital IQ , USA TODAY research Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Originally Posted by tremendoustie Originally Posted by
I 'm sure what you say is true , but I wan't impressed with the way RP 's campaign was run , either .
I 'd like to see more money in the grassroots , buying more airtime , in a more cost - effective manner , with better ads .
I think our collective intelligence and political acumen is greater than that of the official campaign , probably greater than that of most campaigns .
Side point :
Has anyone else here read prey , by Chrighton ?
I was struck by the political ramifications , which he did n't really explore in the book .
The swarms were incredibly intelligent , just like the collective intelligence of the market , and perhaps the intelligence of grassroots political activity .
How intelligent would the swarms have been with one or a few nano - particles in charge of everything ?
Dumb as a doornail , just another reason even well intentioned tyrranny fails .
This will shed a lot more light on the decision making in the run up to the Iraq war .
I can hardly wait to see the documents .
Secret government discussions about the Iraq war are to be disclosed after an information tribunal today ordered the release of cabinet minutes from 2003 .
The decision follows a lengthy battle by campaigners , who have argued that the public interest in learning what was said about the planned invasion outweighs the public interest in cabinet discussions being kept secret .
Ministers have strongly opposed the request , arguing that the Freedom of Information Act was never intended to allow for the publication of information of this kind .
( read full article )
January 8 , 2009 , 3:48 pm
Sorry , an unfinished version of this post may have shown up earlier today in your feed readers .
This one is the completed version .
For years , America has pushed home ownership .
Mortgage interest is one of the few personal expenses that is tax deductible , giving people a strong financial incentive to shift from renting to owning .
The Federal Reserve has pursued a policy of keeping interest rates low , further decreasing the cost of owning .
Congress passed a myriad of laws and created numerous organizations to help insure that anyone who wanted to buy a home could probably get credit .
And every politician , talking head , " expert " , etc . who ever got in front of a camera tended to advise everyone regardless of circumstance to try to buy a home .
It was not just home ownership , it was The American Dream Of Home Ownership .
Hayek could have told us years ago that there was a fundamental problem with this .
In short , 300 million people do not have the same situation and needs and preferences .
Take just one example .
Does it really make sense to encourage a worker who has a risky income stream ( e.g. is vulnerable to layoffs or reduced hours ) to buy a house ?
Leasing provides much greater flexibility to adjust fixed housing costs to changing circumstances .
Rent , get your hours reduced , move to a smaller apartment .
Buy , get your hours reduced , default , ruin your credit .
The result of our full - court press for home ownership has been rising home ownership rates ... and rising foreclosure and bankruptcy rates .
OK , none of the above is new information .
But I was having a conversation with my dad about education , and it struck me that we may be doing the exact same thing with four - year college liberal arts degrees .
Every talking head , from talk show hosts to politicians , push kids to go to college .
Along with home ownership , the BA is described as a keystone to the American Dream .
As with home ownership , we subsidize college education with state - run schools and government loan programs .
Just as the government tries to make sure everyone can own a home , they try to make sure every kid can go to college .
Returning to Hayek for a moment , is it really likely that spending four years getting a college liberal arts degree is really the best possible course for every single person ?
Sure , one can argue that the state offers community colleges and other alternatives to the standard 4 - year degree , as do private companies like the University of Phoenix , but I get no sense that politicians and the intelligentsia are really promoting this kind of nuance and choice .
I think the message clearly is " four year liberal arts degrees are the goal , everything else is second best . "
State university systems that were originally founded to help teach scientific agriculture to farmers would n't be caught dead having anything so pedestrian show up in their marketing brochure today .
They want to have Nobel prize - winning faculty and be influencing public policy and be doing ( and getting grants for ) state - of - the - art research .
Teaching students a useful trade ?
That 's so ... uncool .
Let 'em go to DeVry if they want that .
To some extent this is the result of the takeover of most campuses by the faculty , who wield most of the power nowadays ( just ask Neil Rudenstein and Larry Summers at Harvard ) .
Academics are a special class of folks who work as much for , or more for , prestige among their peers as for money .
Those incentives are great when you want someone to focus in 120 hours a week on inventing a new type of superconducting material .
But in a university , it tilts the entire institution towards a focus on teaching interesting things vs. teaching useful things .
So what has been the result ?
Well , college has an equivalent to foreclosure and bankruptcy , and it is called drop - out rates .
And drop - out rates seem to be rising , at least reading articles anecdotally .
The only actual figure I can find was this one :
Just 54 percent of students entering four - year colleges in 1997 had a degree six years later " â and even fewer Hispanics and blacks did , according to some of the latest government figures .
After borrowing for school but failing to graduate , many of those students may be worse off than if they had never attended college at all .
I can't prove there is a trend , because I just can't find a good online source , but 46 % non-graduation rate strikes me as pretty high .
And I would argue that there is , in addition to drop - out rate , a second figure one must consider .
How many of those that did graduate could actually do with their degree what they thought they could ?
How many have a 4 - year journalism degree from Michigan and now are working at Starbucks , either by choice or necessity ?
I call this the soft drop - out rate , the rate of , for lack of a better word , underemployment of one 's education investment .
I know that education leaders can all give a nice speech about how important a liberal arts degree is to the health and functioning of the polis , but the fact of the matter is that it is a luxury .
It is an incredibly rich world that can have its youth in their strongest and most productive years studying Italian Renaissance poetry or Portuguese literature for four years .
And I am not talking about this as a luxury for garbage collectors or auto mechanics , but a luxury even for future white collar workers , who need basic skills like these but are , based on my hiring observations , graduating from college without them :
A strong sense of personal responsibility and a commitment to excellence in one 's work
The ability to break down a task and organize work towards its completion
The ability to write a well - organized five paragraph persuasive essay or letter
The ability to do basic computational math
The ability to manage personal finances and make smart financial decisions
The ability to understand basic accounting terms and concepts
The ability to interact with other people honorably and on the basis of a reasonable level of self - awareness A reasonably well - developed sense of ethics and responsibility
To illustrate this further , I want to end with something I have observed over the past year .
During the last election , I sensed something in the average 20 - something Obama supporter that went beyond just frustration with the incumbent President and the normal level of youthful flirtation with progressivism .
I sensed a real anger that somehow some promise had not been kept to these folks .
One interpretation of this is that these folks were all promised that a 4 - year liberal arts degree would be the guaranteed ticket to success , and that their college degree would make them future leaders and the world would soon tremble at their pronouncements ( seriously , just go read the marketing literature from any college ) .
Having gotten this " promise , " they suddenly find the world does n't really hang on the every word of a 22 - year - old who has never really been out of the womb , and the employers of the world are not beating the doors down to hire a gender studies major who wrote a really well - received thesis on the role of women in the Paraguayan post - modernist movement .
The Washington Post had a great profile on such folks ( though written with far more sympathy than I would have mustered ) .
Here is an example from that article :
Armed with a Georgetown University diploma , Beth Hanley embarked in her 20s on a path hoping to become a professional world - saver .
First she worked at nonprofit Bread for the World .
Then she taught middle school English in central Africa with the Peace Corps .
Finally , to certify her idealism , she graduated last spring with a master 's degree in international relations from Johns Hopkins University .
But now the 29 - year - old faces a predicament shared by many young strivers in Washington 's public interest field .
After years of amassing so many achievements , they struggle to find full - time employment with decent pay and realize they might not get exactly what they set out for .
Hanley , a think tank temp who dreams of aiding the impoverished and reducing gender discrimination in developing countries , is stuck .
TJIC had some classic comments on this article , and I added some more .
Which brings me finally , of all places , to Michelle Obama .
She said something that I thought was relevant to this post :
Despite their Ivy League pedigrees and good salaries , Michelle Obama often says the fact that she and her husband are out of debt is due to sheer luck , because they could not have predicted that his two books would become bestsellers .
" It was like , ' Let 's put all our money on red ! ' " she told a crowd at Ohio State University on Friday .
" It was n't a financial plan !
We were lucky !
And it should n't have been based on luck , because we worked hard . "
You can see the whole piece here , but she is a pretty clear example of what I am talking about .
She got a Princeton liberal arts degree and is just amazed that it did not automatically pay off for her .
Somehow , some promise to her has been broken .
Just as she is an example of this phenomenon , she is now endeavoring to be part of the problem , working hard to further confuse the expectations of young people .
Her message to them is -- go get an expensive education , but whatever you do do n't do anything money - making with it :
" We left corporate America , which is a lot of what we 're asking young people to do , "  she tells the women .
" Do n't go into corporate America .
You know , become teachers .
Work for the community .
Be social workers .
Be a nurse .
Those are the careers that we need , and we 're encouraging our young people to do that .
But if you make that choice , as we did , to move out of the money - making industry into the helping industry , then your salaries respond . " 
Faced with that reality , she adds , " many of our bright stars are going into corporate law or hedge - fund management . " 
I have no particular problem with people taking on these occupations , as long as I do n't have to pay for it .
And I am proud that my university , Princeton , is one of the few that has changed its financial aid rules to allow students to graduate debt - free and have the financial flexibility to pursue careers that are not high - paying ( making Ms. Obama 's comments doubly ironic since this is her alma mater as well ) .
But the general expectation here is just unrealistic .
Here is how I responded previously to Ms. Obama 's comments on her education :
This analogy comes to mind : Let 's say Fred needs to buy a piece of earth - moving equipment .
He has the choice of the $ 20,000 front - end loader that is more than sufficient to most every day tasks , or the $ 200,000 behemoth , which might be useful if one were opening a strip mine or building a new Panama Canal but is an overkill for many applications .
Fred may lust after the huge monster earth mover , but if he is going to buy it , he better damn well have a big , profitable application for it or he is going to go bankrupt trying to buy it .
So Michelle Obama has a choice of the $ 20,000 state school undergrad and law degree , which is perfectly serviceable for most applications , or the Princeton / Harvard $ 200,000 combo , which I can attest will , in the right applications , move a hell of a lot of dirt .
She chooses the $ 200,000 tool , and then later asks for sympathy because all she ever did with it was some backyard gardening and she wonders why she has trouble paying all her debt .
Duh .
I think the problem here is perfectly obvious to most of us , but instead Obama seeks to blame her problem on some structural flaw in the economy , rather than a poor choice on her part in matching the tool to the job .
And this is what it is all about when you cut through all the misty - eyed Utopian notions about education :
For most people , it is a tool .
And the tool needs to fit the circumstance , the goals , the capabilities , and the budget .
Its time to stop advocating ( and subsidizing ) and one - size fits all college education program .
Madonna & Britney Spears Together Again ( Video )
Whetheris looking to get a little attention fromcomeback or she just enjoys performing with Brit , it looks like the two will hit the stage together again .
Britney will be hitting the road this year for a world wide tour to promote her latest album Circus and word is Madonna will be appearing as a surprise guest .
Spears has evidently hired Madonna 's choreographer Jamie King to put together a high - energy routine for the two to perform together .
Daily Mail reported that a source told them , " When Britney joined Madonna on stage for her Sticky & Sweet tour it was very sedate .
This is going to be a high - energy dance routine - getting back to what they are both good at : performing . "
The first time Brit and Madge took the stage together was at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards where they swapped spit .
Check out the video of Britney performing with Madonna on her Sticky and Sweet tour below .
By Dhruti Shah
BBC News
Artist 's impression of the straw bale social housing buildings A Lincolnshire council is due to announce details of its plans for the first social housing to be built from straw bales in Britain .
It may sound as if the idea is taken from fairy tales , but buildings made from straw bales have become increasingly popular in the UK during recent years .
And unlike the self - build property in The Three Little Pigs , these homes have gained a faithful following in the UK .
This is because they are viewed as being cheaper to build , have a reputation for providing good insulation , are sustainable and tend to be built using locally - sourced materials .
Now North Kesteven District Council has taken the trend a bit further by commissioning the three - bedroom semi-detached houses .
It is part of its bid to build affordable , environmentally - friendly homes .
' No different ' Costing £ 120,000 each , the four properties will be made out of 480 tightly - packed bales with lime - washed walls .
They will be located in the village of Martin and Waddington , with plans to begin construction later this year .
The council is the first local authority to do this , although a number of private homes and commercial buildings - including a trailer cabin and classrooms - have been built in the UK using the material .
Planning applications for the homes have been deposited with the council , and the developers are hoping to start building one pair in the late spring of this year .
They say the homes will look no different to conventional brick homes but will be three times more insulated .
The council hopes other authorities will follow its stance Council leader Marion Brighton believes the homes will help tackle the problem of providing affordable homes in the area .
" These straw houses are not only innovative , but also pioneering , as they are the first properties of this type to be built by a local authority to be used for social housing in the country .
It 's an exciting project and one that we are eagerly looking forward to completing , " she said .
" This is a scheme that has not been matched by any other local authority , and it is hoped these houses , built through this new type of technology , will set a leading example to developers , housing associations and other councils throughout the country , " she said .
The designers - social enterprise company and straw bale specialists Amazonails - say such buildings can save householders up to 80 % a year on heating bills .
It is a philosophy backed by 43 - year - old Rachel Shiamh - she used 400 wheat and barley straw bales to create her award - winning two - storey home in Penwhilwr , St Dogmaels , west Wales .
Her house is built out of straw bale bricks , without any other supporting structure .
Q&A : Social housing
She lives there with her dog and two cats and believes it was the best decision she could make .
She says : " It is a way of returning to nature - it 's a far more breathable , natural , healthier environment .
" The insulation is fantastic and when you build a home like this you have the opportunity to sculpt and play with the clay and shape the bales to suit your desires . "
A spokesman for the Department for Communities and Local Government said the homes had to meet national building regulations but the government was not prescriptive about what materials had to be used for social housing buildings .
He said : " If the council think it is a good and effective idea - let them go for it . "
The Department of Trade and Industry is also looking at the viability of materials such as straw bales by funding a study looking at the concept of creating construction materials from crops .
For Jon Aldenton , the chief executive of charity The Environment Trust , these are all positive steps .
He says : " The bales are sustainable and renewable even though this is old technology .
They provide excellent insulation and cut down on energy bills - in the current climate this is extremely important . "
Rachel Shiamh was one of the first in the UK to use straw bales Meanwhile , experts from Nottingham Trent University , the University of Plymouth , the University of Bath and the Cardiff School of Art and Design are investigating the durability of the buildings built with the bales .
They are also looking at how effective various technologies are at protecting the bales from decay and what the consequences are for homeowners who dare to be a little different .
Professor Steve Goodhew from Nottingham Trent University has been monitoring the bales for 10 years and says he 's extremely interested in the plans to create council houses with the material .
" Although studies have been done in Canada and the US , we have a very different climate here in the UK and so we need to see if the material can stand up to the test of time .
" It 's easy to see why straw bale houses are so popular .
They can be produced at reasonable cost , have little embodied energy as they incorporate a waste product , and can provide superb insulation .
" We expect to see more of these homes being built over the next few years ; the simple fact is that the price of food has risen so more wheat , oats and barley are being produced , resulting in more straw being used for building . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
The Israeli army said Saturday it is investigating a video that appears to show Israeli soldiers taunting a blindfolded Palestinian man .
Israel 's Channel 10 broadcast the video this week and said soldiers had uploaded it to YouTube .
The footage shows a blindfolded man kneeling with what appear to be Israelis in green army uniforms standing behind him .
The people in uniform force the man to repeat what they say in Hebrew while they laugh at him .
At one point , they force the man to say , " Golani [ an Israeli army brigade ] will shove a log up your ass . "
See the video
A spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces told CNN , " The IDF considers this incident grave and condemns it .
Behavior of this type violates the IDF 's core values and the high standards to which its soldiers are held .
" The IDF had no knowledge of the incident prior to receiving this footage from Israeli Channel 10 , " the spokesman continued .
" Investigative procedures were opened as soon as the footage was received .
After the completion of the thorough investigation , a decision will be made as to what further steps , if any , will be taken . "
The Israeli army should take harsher measures in cases like this , said Sarit Michaeli , a spokeswoman for the Israel - based human rights group B'tselem .
She said the group was not the source of the video .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is in the region visiting both Palestinian and Israeli leaders , but did not make any public comment about the video .
The Bride Wars leading actress Anne Hathaway , who broke up with her boyfriend earlier this year , hopes to get married someday , but she also admits that her past experience caused her to partially lose trust in marriage .
She said on the Access Hollywood show that sometimes she finds herself standing in a place and thinking that it would be nice to have a wedding there .
She is not sure what those thoughts actually mean but she does not want to expect anything before it actually happens to her .
Anne also noted that she is very similar to the rest of people who go through break - ups , as from time to time she also catches herself on doubting if she really believes in marriage .
Yet , she is sure that she will get married once she meets “ the right guy ” .
At the moment Anne Hathaway is dating actor Adam Shulman .
Does she classify him as the “ right ” type of guy ?
We can only ponder about that for now .
The actress recently organized a charity auction , where the winning bidder was awarded with a dinner with her .
A date with the celebrity cost $ 12 000 for three friends , who decided to split the cost upon the occasion .
This amount flattered the actress and raised her self - esteem .
She did not expect that people would be willing to pay that much for just a dinner with her .
Photo of Anne Hathaway : thetrendsetter.wordpress.com .
When the entire political class is united on a single issue , you can be sure that it is largely mistaken : the more conventional is the wisdom , the more certain it is to be based on ignorance or mere fashion .
This is well illustrated by the concerted attack on the banks ' lending policies from across the political spectrum .
It is , they all agree , an unmitigated outrage that our banks are not passing on in full the recent cuts in the official Bank of England rate – a howl of rage only amplified by yesterday 's decision by the Bank to cut its rate by one and half percentage points to 3 per cent .
The shadow Chancellor George Osborne yesterday called on the banks to pass the cut on " in full " to businesses and those with mortgages .
Two days earlier , Peter Mandelson , in his silkily menacing fashion , observed that : " We are taking very strong action ... if it appears that the banks are standing in the way of what the Government is doing then I think many banking customers are going to be asking difficult questions of the banks . "
( Lord Mandelson seems to have forgotten that the Bank of England 's decisions on rates are supposed to be taken independently of Government , which is even more menacing ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Meanwhile , the chairman of the Commons Treasury Select Committee , John McFall , declared that : " Banks and building societies have been defying the laws of arithmetic by not passing on interest rate cuts to customers . "
I had always imagined that it was impossible to defy the laws of arithmetic , but we get Mr McFall 's drift : if the Bank of England cuts its rate by 1.5 per cent , then the commercial banks must cut the rates of all their products by exactly the same amount .
I am afraid that this is almost as untrue as 2+2=5 .
Take , for example , the most politically sensitive area , the mortgage market .
About half of all mortgages are fixed rate : borrowers will pay the same until their term comes to an end .
They do n't suffer when the official rate move rapidly upwards , so they can't expect to gain when it moves in the opposite direction .
A further 40 per cent of mortgages are " tracker " deals , under which both lenders and borrowers have contracted to follow the movements up and down in the official lending rate : in these cases , it 's not a question of " urging " the banks to " do the decent thing " – it just happens automatically .
That leaves only 10 per cent of the market on variable rates , where it is true that the lenders have some discretion .
It is also true that in recent months about half of the banks have used that discretion not to pass on in full the cuts in the official rate .
Their reasons for doing so have nothing to do with any desire to be able to continue to award themselves big bonuses , whatever the chimps in the Westminster zoo might be chattering .
First of all , the most important determinant of what banks are able to charge borrowers is not the official Bank of England rate , but the cost of money in the wholesale market .
This has been significantly higher than the official rate for many months now , which is what happens when banks are worried about the risk of default by other banks .
It 's true that the taxpayer - funded recapitalisation of three of our biggest banks has eased this panic , but doubts about the financial institutions ' own creditworthiness have not disappeared .
Next , ask yourself why it is that so many of our banks had become so unstable in the first place : it happened because they had " mispriced risk " .
That is to say , they had lent money at dangerously low margins , thus ensuring that their own capital reserves were devastated when the collateral on which they had based their loans suffered steep falls in value .
This process is still continuing , which is why some of the banks have needed to take up a not especially attractively - priced offer of funding from the taxpayer : observe that the Treasury is charging 12 per cent a year for this money – which hardly gives it a platform to demand that banks themselves lend at generous terms .
All the banks are now doing whatever they can to restore their capital reserves to levels which once would have been deemed essential , before the fashion for high - wire off - balance sheet financing drove some of them – notably Northern Rock – into meltdown .
Shareholders will do only so much to support such fundraising : the banks also need to generate profits to supply the new capital they desperately need .
This in turn can only be earned in the usual way : by banks charging a higher price to borrowers than they pay to depositors .
In the circumstances now prevailing , it is neither surprising nor inappropriate for that margin to be quite wide .
I can see that this is politically embarrassing for the Government , which seems to think it has a deal with the banks who have taken the Treasury shilling that they would continue to " make credit available at 2007 levels " .
Yesterday , the Chief Secretary to the Treasury , Yvette Cooper , said as much on BBC Radio 's World at One , reminding the banks that " they have signed up to conditions on the availability of credit " .
Since neither the Treasury nor the banks have seen fit to tell us exactly what those conditions are , we are little the wiser .
I suspect that the banks were careful to retain absolute freedom in the future pricing of credit , in which case the Treasury cannot complain of anything other than its own inability to read the small print .
If the Government continues to bully the main clearing banks , perhaps those organisations might turn around and point out that Northern Rock , which is entirely owned by the taxpayer , has been repossessing defaulting borrowers ' houses at about double the rate of the industry as a whole , and has also been increasing the cost of new products .
If the British Government really wants to set a trend towards easy credit – as if that had n't been the problem in the first place – it should do so with a bank it owns , rather than bully those it does n't .
It might also bear in mind that not all of us are just borrowers ; millions of us are also savers .
The politicians should not forget that we too have votes .
d.lawson@independent.co.uk
Subway service has resumed along the University - Spadina line , but trains are bypassing Osgoode station as police continue to investigate the shooting of a 19 - year - old man earlier today .
Police are looking for a black man , about 6 ' to 6 ' 2 " tall and roughly 185 lbs. , who was last seen wearing black pants , a black parka with a fur - trimmed hood , and a black Blue Jays ball cap bearing the team 's new logo .
It is unclear at this time whether he knew the victim .
At a press conference this afternoon , Supt .
Hugh Ferguson said the man that police had previously questioned is not the shooter , but may have been part of the group travelling with the suspect .
The victim , who was known to police , was travelling from the north end of the city .
Just before 11 a.m. , a fight broke out between a group of people who were exiting the subway .
At least three shots were fired on the central platform and police say the fight continued to the mezzanine level before the victim collapsed .
When police arrived , they found the 19 - year - old man suffering from two gunshot wounds , one to his stomach and one to his thigh .
Ferguson said one witness , a woman , stayed with the victim after he was shot .
He was taken to St. Michael 's Hospital with serious but non-life - threatening injuries .
Mayor David Miller , who is in Los Angeles promoting Toronto 's film and television industry , said in a statement he was " shocked and alarmed " by the brazen daytime attack .
" Toronto is , by any standard , the safest large city in North America and the TTC is a safe public transit system .
But incidents like this remind us that we must remain vigilant when it comes to public safety . "
Members of the Toronto Police Emergency Task Force were called in to search the subway tunnel for more suspects .
Carrie Wiebe had just made her way off the subway car when she heard three gunshots .
" As soon as the doors opened we got off and then there were shots , " she said .
Wiebe , who was on her way to a concert at the Canadian Opera Company , said she first thought the sounds came from construction activity .
By the time she realized what had happened , several people were running out of the station and toward the southwest corner of University Ave .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Const .
Wendy Drummond said police are reviewing TTC security cameras .
Police are urging anyone who was on a subway train at the time of the shooting to call 52 Division at 416-808-5201 .
OUT Bottled lemon juice .
IN Lemons .
Try buying six at a time , then experiment ; I never put lemon on something and regret it .
( Scramble a couple of eggs in chicken stock , then finish with a lot of lemon , black pepper and dill ; call this egg - lemon soup , or avgolemono . )
Do n’t forget the zest : you can grate it and add it to many pan sauces , or hummus and other purées .
And do n’t worry about reamers , squeezers or any of that junk ; squeeze from one hand into the other and let your fingers filter out the pips .
OUT Spices older than a year : smell before using ; if you get a whiff of dust or must before you smell the spice , toss it .
I find it easier to clean house once a year and buy new ones .
IN Fresh spices .
Almost all spices are worth having .
But some that you might think about using more frequently include cardamom ( try a tiny bit in your next coffee cake , apple cake , spice cake or rice pilaf ) ; ground cumin ( a better starting place in chili — in fact , in many bean dishes — than chili powder ) ; fennel seeds ( these will give a Provençal flavor to any tomato sauce or soup ; grind them first , or not ) ; an assortment of dried chilies ( I store them all together , because dried chipotles make the rest of them slightly smoky ) ; fresh — or at least dried — ginger , which is lovely grated over most vegetables ; pimentón , the smoked Spanish red pepper that is insanely popular in restaurants but still barely making inroads among home cooks ; and good curry powder .
OUT Dried parsley and basil .
They ’re worthless .
IN Fresh parsley , which keeps at least a week in the refrigerator .
( Try your favorite summer pesto recipe with parsley in place of basil , or simply purée some parsley with a little oil , water , salt and a whisper of garlic .
Or add a chopped handful to any salad or almost anything else . )
And dried tarragon , rosemary and dill , all of which I use all winter ; mix a teaspoon or so of tarragon or rosemary — not more , they ’re strong — with olive oil or melted butter and brush on roasted or broiled chicken while it cooks , or add a pinch to vinaigrette .
Dill is also good with chicken ; on plain broiled fish , with lemon ; or in many simple soups .
OUT Canned beans ( except in emergencies ) .
IN Dried beans .
More economical , better tasting , space saving and available in far more varieties .
Cook a pound once a week and you ’ll always have them around ( you can freeze small amounts in their cooking liquid , or water , indefinitely ) .
If you ’re not sold , try this : soak and cook a pound of white beans .
Take some and finish with fresh chopped sage , garlic and good olive oil .
Purée another cup or so with a boiled potato and lots of garlic .
Mix some with a bit of cooking liquid , and add a can of tomatoes ; some chopped celery , carrots and onions ; cooked pasta ; and cheese and call it pasta fagiole or minestrone .
If there are any left , mix them with a can of olive - oil - packed tuna or sardines .
And that ’s just white beans .
OUT Imitation vanilla .
IN Vanilla beans .
They ’re expensive , but they keep .
( If you look online you can find bargains in bulk , which is why I have 25 in my refrigerator . )
If you slice a pod in half and simmer it with some leftover rice and any kind of milk ( dairy , coconut , almond ... ) , you ’ll never go back to extract .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Citigroup CEO
Vikram Pandit is finally dismantling the house that Sandy Weill built , but will the businesses that remain form a durable , well - integrated player ?
Or will the remaining parts be so mismatched that Citi will need to liquidate ?
The sooner Citi 's destiny becomes clear , the sooner banking will recover .
" Citi 's future is casting a pall over the industry , " says Nancy Bush , an independent banking analyst .
" The world is asking , ' What will be left of their operating model ? ' "
Here 's the simple answer : After Citi's plan to fold Smith Barney into a joint venture with Morgan Stanley and a pledge to shed one - third of its $ 2 trillion in assets , what will remain is both a jumble , and basically weak .
Hence , the chances that Citi will be forced to sell everything to competitors that can integrate its disparate parts into their own , better - managed franchises , is extremely high .
Roots of the trouble
First , let 's summarize how Citi ( C , Fortune 500 ) got into trouble in the first place .
" Citi had under - reserved for years , " says Meredith Whitney , the Oppenheimer analyst .
" It made money by drawing down loss provisions . "
In other words , Citi booked profits by reducing the capital held in reserve for bad loans during the economic boom when few mortgages or credit cards were defaulting , wrongly assuming the good times would keep rolling .
Under former CEO Chuck Prince , it also heavily invested its own capital in collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) , subprime mortgages and other exotic products , using immense leverage to juice the returns .
As long as interest rates kept dropping , and consumers stood flush , Citi was a sumptuous profit machine , generating around $ 25 billion a year in net earnings .
Because Citi's reserves were so blatantly low , and because its risky bets were so enormous , it suffered far bigger losses than leading competitors JP Morgan ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) .
But the real problem is that the good times masked basic , structural problems in Citi 's core businesses � including its staple franchises that stay following the Smith Barney sale .
What will remain
So let 's examine what Citi is likely to keep .
The big remaining businesses are U.S. and international consumer and investment banking , including corporate lending .
Citi has pledged to sell its consumer credit arms , and although the company apparently has no intention to sell its excellent treasury and securities services division , the business , which provides cash management to corporations and hedge funds , is one of its most attractive units for potential buyers .
Citi's single biggest problem is the small reach of its retail banking business in the U.S. Citi has only around 800 domestic branches and just 2 % of U.S. deposits .
By contrast , Bank of America boasts over 6000 branches and controls 14 % of deposits .
B of A , JP Morgan , and Wells Fargo have all built coast - to - coast franchises in the last several years , while Citi fiddled .
As recently as a few months ago , it looked as though Citi could finally build a national presence through a merger with Wachovia .
But at the last minute , Wells swooped in and won Wachovia .
Losing that deal is a major reason Citi 's future is now so cloudy .
Citi's puny branch network is a severe handicap .
It lacks the deposit base to fund its huge portfolio of U.S. loans .
Hence , it 's forced to rely far more on securitizations than its competitors .
The securitization market has shrunk dramatically .
To sell bonds backed by mortgages or credit cards , banks need to lure investors with high interest rates .
That gives banks with big reservoirs of deposits a wide advantage over Citi .
Result : Citi is being forced to severely shrink its consumer loan portfolio far more than its rivals .
Its lack of capital , the result of massive writedowns , is compounding the problem .
How about Citi's " crown jewel " from the days of long - serving CEO John Reed - its international franchise ?
Indeed , Citi has the largest global retail network of any U.S. bank .
While JP Morgan and B of A were expanding domestically , Citi was doing deals in Mexico and Turkey .
It has a portfolio of $ 500 billion in consumer and corporate loans outside the U.S.
But as in the U.S. , Citi is a mile wide and an inch deep .
Citi is seldom number one in a national market .
It typically ranks 3rd or below .
As a result , it lacks the economies of scale of national competitors , and its costs for processing checks , loans and credit cards tend to be higher .
As Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis told Fortune , referring to both Citi's U.S. and international retail businesses , " Citi 's problem is being unimportant in many places . "
The U.S. and international consumer businesses are n't just wobbly on their own - they form an awkward fit with the investment bank , which is fading fast .
Citi has already pledged to drastically reduce the high - wire proprietary trading that generated huge profits in the boom and brought the company to grief in the bust .
It 's also falling fast in the underwriting tables ; to win business in the past , Citi made a practice of extending cheap credit to customers , a practice it can no longer afford .
The shrinking investment bank has little synergy with retail banking .
The businesses , pay - scales and cultures are utterly disparate .
The new Citi is emerging as a hodgepodge of ill - fitting parts that would perform far better with different owners .
But even if Citi totally breaks apart , its demise would n't represent the death of the financial one - stop shop .
As Nancy Bush puts it , " Citi never was a financial supermarket .
It did n't cross -sell products .
It was a series of silos . "
Rivals like B of A and JP Morgan are showing how to sell the same customers mortgages , credit cards and car loans , and how to entice small business clients to buy their cash management services .
Those were the supermarket skills that Citi never mastered .
The empire was built but never tamed .
Now , it 's falling apart , and its competitors are mastering the great experiment that Sandy Weill engineered .
They may end up owning the pieces that were once Citigroup .
RARE roast beef splashed with meaty jus , pork enrobed in luscious crackling fat , perhaps a juicy , plump chicken ... these are feasts that come to mind when one thinks of quintessential British food .
Lately , however , a new meat is gracing the British table : squirrel .
Though squirrel has appeared occasionally in British cookery , history does n’t deem it a dining favorite .
Even during World War II and the period of austerity that followed , the Ministry of Food valiantly promoted the joys of squirrel soup and pie .
British carnivores replied , “ No , thank you . ”
These days , however , in farmers ’ markets , butcher shops , village pubs and elegant restaurants , squirrel is selling as fast as gamekeepers and hunters can bring it in .
“ Part of the interest is curiosity and novelty , ” said Barry Shaw of Shaw Meats , who sells squirrel meat at the Wirral Farmers Market near Liverpool .
“ It ’s a great conversation starter for dinner parties . ”
Iran Opens its First Solar Power Plant
December 29th , 2008 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
Iran has announced the opening of its first ever solar power plant in the town of Shiraz in the Southwest of the country .
Energy Minister Parviz Fattah told reporters that the facility was constructed using Iranian materials and expertise .
Speaking to the Iranian News Agency he said , “ The country backs the use of alternative and renewable energy sources .
In future alternative energy sources will be greatly developed in the country .
The growth of investments in this sphere is expected . ”
According to Fattah , the Shiraz solar plant employs parabolic mirrors to direct energy from the sun ’s rays into its solar receivers .
At this stage , it appears that the plant is a pilot project intended to test the viability of future larger - scale projects .
Any movement towards the development of domestic renewable energy supply is likely to be welcomed by many of the countries suspicious of Iran ’s ambitions to develop nuclear power .
Image Credit – ricardo / zone41.net
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
We shall help bring Christ into the lives of these people by insisting in them to form into small groups and study small group materials that would direct them to God and to growth in character .
Hopefully , we can also assist in building a network of support ( government and non-government ) for these people from whom they can appeal for financing assistance ( livelihood loans and funding ) and other things that can add to the welfare of the community .
This would include building a network of churches that would be ready to receive new attendees coming from the small groups we have formed .
Searching for planets beyond our solar system is a bit like playing Goldilocks — we keep looking for that one that will be just right to host life .
While astronomers have n't found a perfect fit yet , they have found plenty that are too big , too hot , too cold , too dense , too close to their star , or too distant .
The first exoplanet discovery was in 1988 , though it was controversial at the time and was n't officially confirmed until 2003 .
Over the years , more than 330 extrasolar planets have been found , nearly all of them using indirect methods such as detecting the wobble of a star due to the gravitational pull of an orbiting planet or the slight dimming of the star 's light as a planet passes in front of it .
Another method uses an intervening star to gravitationally magnify the light from a more distant star with planets .
And in a few rare cases , the conditions are right for direct imaging of an exoplanet using a technique that allows powerful ground - based telescopes to separate the faint light of a planet from the overwhelming light of its star .
Of the planets discovered beyond our solar system to date , here are five of the most extreme :
5. CoKu Tau/4
This exoplanet , found about 420 light - years away around the star CoKu Tau 4 , is one of the youngest extraterrestrial worlds discovered .
Its star is thought to be only about 1 million years old , meaning its planet must be even younger .
That makes it a wee young 'un next to the grizzled Earth , which is about 4.5 billion years old .
Studying baby planetlets like this could help astronomers figure out how planets are born in the first place .
( Illustration , above : NASA / JPL - Caltech / R. Hurt ( SSC - Caltech ) )
4. PSR B1620 - 26 b
This bizarre world , estimated to be 13 billion years old ( almost three times the age of Earth ) , is one of the oldest known exoplanets .
Its age is n't its only weird factor , though .
The gas - giant planet , which lies in the globular cluster M4 , appears to be orbiting around not one , but two stars , in a binary system .
Its parent stars are a small , dense white dwarf star and a quickly rotating pulsar .
( Illustration : NASA and G. Bacon ( STScI ) )
3. SWEEPS-10
This zippy planet circles its parent star at one of the fastest rates yet discovered — about once every 10 hours .
It accomplishes this feat by dwelling extremely close to its star — only about 1.2 million kilometers ( 745,000 miles ) , or roughly three times the span between the Earth and the moon .
At such a distance , the planet needs all of its hefty bulk ( about 1.6 times the mass of Jupiter ) to resist being torn apart by its star .
( Illustration : NASA , ESA , A. Schaller ( for STScI ) )
2. OGLE - 2005 - BLG -390Lb
In contrast to most exoplanets , which are fiery balls of gas , this globe is thought to be hard and rocky .
The planet , about 5.5 times as massive as Earth , is still one of the coldest and most Earth - like planets found to date .
Sadly , though , with a surface temperature of - 364 degrees Fahrenheit ( - 220 degrees Celsius ) it is probably too frigid to host life .
( Illustration : NASA , ESA and G. Bacon ( STScI ) )
1. HD 149026 b
This boiling world is one of the hottest and densest ever found .
None too pleasant to visit , the surface of the planet is about 3700 degrees Fahrenheit ( more than 2,000 degrees Celsius ) — about three times hotter than the surface of Venus , the hottest planet in our solar system .
HD 149026 b is so hot that scientists think it absorbs almost all of the heat from its star , and reflects almost no light .
The scorching ball is smaller than Saturn , but has a core that weighs 70 to 90 times the mass of the entire Earth .
( Illustration : NASA / JPL - Caltech )
See Also :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
mine ! "
Which is why I 've popped out , from even darker shadows , shouting " Hey , eat all the dicks ! "
You know what bothers me the most , you stupid , shitty bastards ?
It 's not like you 're morally opposed to the subject matter , and it's not like you 're artistically offended by the vision and interpretation of the source material by Warner Brothers or director Zack Snyder and as a result want to stop the movie from seeing the light of day .
It 's not like there are a bunch of Fox employees who worked diligently on this movie ; they 're not being screwed by Warner Brothers ' production .
And it is n't like you 're lashing out becauseyou were going to make the movie and Snyder beat you to it ; you had over twenty years and did nothing .
This is about money .
You saw the chance to make a ridiculous sum of money , for no reason , and you 're going to take it .
This is Rupert Murdoch .
He owns Fox and has more money than you 'll ever have .
Also , look at his weird face .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And , when the law is on your side , it 's easy for you to argue that I do n't have a leg to stand on and , at the end of the day , you 're right .
You 're a business , and you made what is perhaps the smartest move a business could make .
You struck at the last second , thereby forcing Warner Brothers ' hand .
They 'llhave to settle with you , and they 'll have to pay whatever exorbitant sums you want , or else they can just refuse to distribute the film , which , given the anticipation , will screw Warner Brothers pretty hard .
But I do n't give a shit about the law right now , ( or , hey , while we 're at it , ever ) .
When it comes down to it , Zack Snyder worked hard on this movie .
All of the actors and all of the crew members worked hard on it .
The producers took a risk by giving Snyder complete creative control and a buttload of money .
This is a movie that fans have been praying and begging for for
It 's three days until Christmas and you 're looking for last - minute gift ideas for tech - inclined friends and colleagues .
You decide on a USB drive , but how do figure out what 's best to get -- attraction to hammers , ability to open beer bottles , or some other , clearly inferior metric entirely ?
Kristofer Brozio at Test Freaks Blog took 21 drives of various sizes ( 5 each of 1 , 2 , 4 and 8GB and one 64GB Patriot Magnum ) and models and tested their transfer speeds .
Top marks went to the 4GB OCZ , Sandisk , Lexar , and Super Talent models , as well as the 1GB SanDIsk .
Given the small sample size , we can't really say if the speeds were the result of the capacities of the drive or the company who makes them , but it 's definitely some flash - based food for thought .
Hit the read link for the full results .
The GardenLady wants to wish all her readers a Happy , Healthy New Year .
These are trying times – especially because of the economy .
Remember that gardening can reduce stress .
Many articles point this out .
Going outdoors to garden you will be working in the sun so that you are getting extra Vitamin D for free while you are getting some exercise both to reduce stress and to save on your gym bill .
Buy packets of seeds .
They are the cheapest way to go .
Johnny ’s Selected Seeds
Thompson & Morgan
Burpee Seeds and
Park
Seed are just a few of the excellent companies where you can go online to read what they have or they will send you a catalog .
With the strange winter we are experiencing , you may want to start planting seeds indoors ( see this previous post ) .
For example if you have a sunny window , you may be able to start your own herb garden .
Buying herbs in the supermarket can be pricey and fresh can be better .
By buying packets of seeds , each seed that germinates potentially can grow into a plant so that you can grow many plants , enough to plant outdoors when the weather in your area is right or enough plants to harvest and dry or even enough to give as presents .
Or you can use the extra seeds to plant outdoors when the time is right .
If you are now keeping your house colder , you might be able to start lettuce seeds indoors .
They like temperatures of 65 degrees or lower but not freezing so you should not put them near a window .
Raising plants indoors is trickier than raising plants outdoors because it is not the ideal environment - you might need growing lights or a special soil mix , unless you are lucky enough to have a green house .
But this column is not about spending lots of money ; it is about trying to save a little while doing something that is fun .
But of course , you can just curl up and enjoy the seed catalogs during the winter .
( Remember that catalogs are made out of paper which is made from trees and for the stress level of the earth , we do n’t want to cut down too many trees .
So order only those catalog that you will really use . ) .
Dreaming is a great stress reducer .
So dream away about the wonderful garden you can start this spring - either in your yard or in pots on your deck – if you have such places .
Sometimes , if you have no gardening space , you can call your township to see if there is a community garden you can be part of .
You can begin these gardens by starting seeds indoors .
This will give you a head start .
With the economy as bad as it is , if you are lucky enough to have the space to garden , the old idea of a Victory Garden may be the idea coming back .
The victory for you will be having delicious , inexpensive produce to eat during the eating season and perhaps to preserve for next winter .
And if you have a sunny front lawn , that may be the place you want to convert into your vegetable garden .
No more money spent on maintaining a lawn .
Now the money will be spent on fresh vegetables , herbs and if you are lucky , flowers .
This year though , you might want to consider edible flowers like nasturtiums .
But if you do n’t have land , if you are lucky enough to have a sunny deck , you could raise some vegetable plants in pots .
Let The GardenLady and her readers know what you did to help your economy .
Pictures would be appreciated .
A toast to 2009 - May you eat wonderful , homegrown vegetables .
Be Sociable , Share !
Related Content :
Tax haven the Isle of Man , with a population of around 80,000 , wants to introduce a compulsory blanket licence for music downloads .
Broadband ISP subscribers would pay a " nominal " compulsory tax , but be able to share music legally .
Surprisingly , the proposal has won approval from the chief executive of the BPI , Geoff Taylor .
" At the end of the day , we are not going to stop piracy , so let 's embrace it , " the Manx government 's inward investment minister Ron Berry told the MidemNet conference this weekend .
The idea of legalising P2P rather than stopping it is an ancient one : it 's been used to create for new technologies for over a hundred years .
Where it 's too complicated and / or expensive to count or police individual exchanges , a blanket licence has been issued .
It 's five years since Jim Griffin explained the merits of these here .
" If ISPs take the position advocated in the Isle of Man , we ’d be in an enormously better position , " Taylor responded .
However , many in both the tech business and the music business are wary of a government - imposed tax .
A voluntary subscription scheme would provide an incentive for new services to be created - P2P service providers would compete for your custom .
Such a voluntary P2P scheme is expected to be announced from a major UK ISP within a few weeks .
With a compulsory licence , ISPs would have no incentive to look after music sharers or differentiate themselves - everybody would be able to offer anything .
And privately , labels are wary that collective agreements set a low floor price for music royalties .
A large record label can pocket far more by cutting direct deals with a BT or a Sky for a licence , rather than going the collective route .
And as a recent survey shows , 81 per cent of users may not be considered " music sharers " , so would chafe at being slapped with a tax .
But the approach has its supporters , including music manager Peter Jenner .
We reported on a lively debate about voluntary vs compulsory approaches here in November .
Summing up the differences at MidemNet this weekend , UK Music 's Feargal Sharkey said most speakers were agreed on 80 per cent of the substance , only five per cent was hotly contested .
It 's ironic that the Isle of Man is proposing a compulsory tax .
The island has no capital gains tax , corporation tax and income tax is ten per cent .
Industry sectors deemed to be of strategic importance - including movies and fishing - are zero rated . ®
Obama the Visionary Minimalist
Created : November 06 , 2008 15:59 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
President - elect Barack Obama ( WDCpix )
*“ And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn , I may not have won your vote , but I hear your voices , I need your help and I will be your president too . ”
So said President - elect Barack Obama , in one of the most revealing sentences in his victory speech Tuesday .
In his rejection of standard political divisions , his emphasis on “ e pluribus unum , ” and his gracious inclusion of those whose support he has “ yet to earn , ” we can find a clue to what makes our new president - elect so remarkable — perhaps even unique in the nation ’s long history .
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
Some public officials are minimalists .
They do not like to reject the fundamental commitments of their fellow citizens .
On environmental questions , sex equality , national security and economic policy , they try to bracket our deepest disagreements .
They seek to obtain a consensus on what to do — not on why to do it .
Minimalists favor their approach because they think , as a pragmatic matter , it is most likely to work .
They also insist that their approach , putting fundamental differences to one side , shows respect to their fellow citizens .
Political minimalism has a distinguished tradition in U.S. politics .
In recent history , President George H.W. Bush stands as the leading minimalist .
To the extent that Bush succeeded , especially in foreign affairs , it was because he enlisted diverse people , and diverse views , on behalf of the policies he chose .
Other public officials are visionaries .
They have a large - scale vision about the direction in which the nation should go .
They believe in big steps , not small ones .
Above all , these visionaries seek to alter the nation ’s self - conception .
In changing policy on the economy , or on national defense , they are entirely comfortable with asserting that their vision is the superior one and that alternative visions should be rejected .
When they succeed , they transform how the nation understands itself .
Our greatest presidents — including Washington , Lincoln , and Franklin Delano Roosevelt — have been visionaries .
In recent American history , President Ronald Reagan stands as the leading visionary .
Obama is something new in American politics — and not just for the obvious reasons .
He is a visionary minimalist .
This is a key both to his extraordinary campaign and to his unique promise .
It even helps explain his conception of public service .
Obama ’s minimalism lies in his consistent rejection of the standard social divisions — between red states and blue states , liberal and conservatives , Democrats and Republicans .
As he said in his 2004 Democratic Convention speech , “ We worship an awesome God in the blue states , and we do n’t like federal agents poking around our libraries in the red states . ”
Ronald Reagan ( Wikimedia )
Obama shows unfailing respect for those with competing views .
In designing policies — on climate change , tax reform , energy conservation , foreign policy — he attempts to produce solutions that will accommodate , rather than repudiate , the defining commitments of his fellow citizens .
Even on the most divisive issues of separation of church and state , Obama favors approaches that will attract support from all sides .
But Obama is a visionary too .
Unlike most minimalists , he is willing to think big .
Thus Obama recognizes and celebrates the individualist strain in American culture .
But he draws attention to a counterpoint — one that emphasizes mutual obligations .
As he said in 2004 and has often repeated since , “ If there ’s a senior citizen somewhere who ca n’t pay for her prescription and has to choose between medicine and the rent , that makes my life poorer , even if it ’s not my grandmother .
. . .
It ’s that fundamental belief — I am my brother ’s keeper , I am my sister ’s keeper – that makes this country work . ”
With the election of a new president , I expect that we will soon enter a novel period of American life , in which a commitment to public service , sacrifice and a sense of mutual obligations will play a far larger role .
That commitment will be anything but partisan .
It will be felt in red states and blue states alike .
And it will be made possible , and fueled , by the visionary minimalism of America ’s president - elect .
* Cass R. Sunstein is Felix Frankfurter professor of law at Harvard Law School .
He will be the Harry Kalven Visiting Professor at University of Chicago Law School in January 2009 .
His most recent book , which he co-wrote with Richard Thaler , is “ Nudge : Improving Decisions about Health , Wealth , and Happiness . ”
His books include “ Are Judges Political ?
An Empirical Analysis of the Federal Judiciary ” and “ The Second Bill of Rights : FDR ’s Unfinished Revolution and Why We Need It More Than Ever . ” *
David Tennant has been talking about the possibility of a Doctor Who musical to end his run as everyone 's favorite Timelord .
Is he really going to take the show 's credibility with him when he leaves ?
Advertisement
The rumor that the final Russell T. Davies / David Tennant episode just maybe a musical one comes , disturbingly enough , from Tennant himself , who told the Daily Telegraph that both he and Davies would like to go out with a bang , and have a somewhat unexpected idea about how to achieve that :
Doctor Who : The Musical has been mentioned .
I would be up for it .
I love a song and a dance .
Advertisement
This would n't be the first time that Tennant 's talents for fancy footwork have been seen on screen ...
... but that does n't make it a good idea .
It 's not that I have anything against musicals - I have an unhealthy love for Guys and Dolls that has more to do with " Sit Down , You 're Rocking The Boat " than it does how wonderful Jean Simmons looks in that Salvation Army uniform - but I fear for having my Doctor Who experience ruined by having to suffer through sub-Disney fare when it comes to songwriting .
Unsurprisingly , John Barrowman is said to be keen on the idea .
David Tennant could star in Doctor Who musical version
Mind Trick ?
Have you ever wondered if your mind is normal ?
Well , do this little mind exercise and find out ----
Free will or synaptic wiring ?
You be the judge .
Check out the following exercise , guaranteed to raise an eyebrow .
There 's no trick or surprise .
Just follow these instructions , and answer the questions one at a time and as quickly as you can .
Again , as quickly as you can but do n't advance until you 've done each of them ... really .
Now , scroll down ( but not too fast , you might miss something ) ...
>
>
>
>
> What is :
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> 1+5
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> 2+4
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> 3+3
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> 4+2
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> 5+1
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
Now repeat saying the number 6 to yourself as fast as you can for 15 seconds .
Then scroll down .
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> QUICK !
THINK OF A VEGETABLE !
Then arrow down .
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Keep going .
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> You 're thinking of a carrot , right ?
>
>
>
>
If not , you 're among the 2 % of the population whose minds are different enough to think something else .
98 % of people will answer with carrot when given this exercise .
( Just as a note , I did n't write this , it went around by email .
No need to send me your answers or theories on it , but thanks .
~jw )
UPDATE : This article was written over a year ago , as a preview of the Olympic Hockey Tournament .
Please check out our updated Olympic Hockey Primer , and our full Podcast Preview of the Olympic Hockey Tournament .
The Winter Olympics is a little more than a year away , but its never too early to start planning ahead for the Olympic Ice Hockey Tournament .
Ice Hockey is one of those rare team sports like soccer where you have a great international tournament and a number of competitive teams .
Soccer has its World Cup and Ice Hockey has the Olympics .
Since the United States is usually an afterthought in Soccer , Ice Hockey is one of those rare team events were you can root for the U.S. and they might actually win .
Baseball has no real international tournament ( and no I do n’t count the crappy World Cup they threw together ) and Basketball has seen the U.S. dominate ( less so in recent years , but still not all that competitive ) .
How competitive is the Winter Olympic Ice Hockey Tournament ?
The modern NHL has allowed its athletes to go to the Olympics only three times , in 1998 , 2002 , and 2006 .
In 1998 the Czech Republic defeated Russia for gold .
In 2002 , Canada nipped the United States .
And in 2006 , Sweden beat Finland .
Three different champions and no country has even managed to make the finals twice .
To get you excited , we are previewing the best possible teams for each country .
Let it be clear that these teams are the best case scenarios .
Certain players have retired from international play , some have chosen not to play in the past , some may simply opt out or be injured .
We do n’t know for sure what each player will end up deciding a year from now .
But countries are already formulating their squads , so we ’ll look at the best possible team to give you an idea as to who will show up in Vancouver in 2010 .
In this nine part series we ’ll profile the “ Big 7 ” , plus have an extra post outlining players to watch on the other squads in the tourney .
Per International Rules , each team is allowed to select 23 players , including 3 goalies .
Each player is from the NHL unless otherwise noted .
The 2006 Results :
2010 Olympic Groups ( with IIHF ranking ) :
The video above is an interesting one .
You can read more of the backstory at Discarted , but basically a group of photographers headed out on a photowalk in Downtown L.A. only to run afoul of six security guards :
From Discarted :
“ As we began photographing the US Bank Tower at 633 W. 5th Street , managed by Maguire Properties , we were approached almost immediately by a United Protective Services ( UPS ) security guard , and soon there were six ( 6 ! ) .
We were told they would call the police and we would be arrested , that no pictures were allowed from their “ private sidewalk , ” that they actually owned the sidewalk , and that we were idiots and jerks who should quit asking questions .
The kicker is that , when Angelo of Hollywood politely explained photographers ’ rights to one of the UPS guards , he responded that that was just “ differing points of view . ”
Yeah … except that one viewpoint is about the law , and one is not . ”
During the altercation , as is usually the case , the Holy Name of “ 9/11 ” was brought up yet again , as rationale for not allowing the photography .
Seems like nothing ever changes .
Be careful out there folks and remember , even under the new Obama administration , photography is still not a crime .
Thanks ,
David !
Update : an update on this incident from discarted here .
Prof. Floyd Rudmin sends the following :
Material aid to Palestinians in Gaza can be given by donations to the following aid agencies .
These are not listed in any order of priority .
1 ) The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East ( UNRWA ) has been responsible for the necessities of life for refugees in Gaza since 1948 .
UNRWA runs hospitals and schools , and provides basic food supplies for Palestinian families long trapped in Gaza .
Donations can be made online here .
Donations by bank transfer and international checks are also possible .
2 ) The Norwegian People ’s Aid ( Norsk Folkehjelp ) has been actively helping Palestinians since 1987 and opened a local office in Gaza in 1996 , with a focus on supporting women ’s rights and development .
Donations can be made online here .
Select " Gaza " as the " Cause " which you wish to support .
3 ) Action by Churches Together ( ACT ) International is a Swiss - based alliance of Protestant and Orthodox churches to provide aid during emergencies .
On January 14 , ACT International delivered 3 truckloads of food , milk , and medicine to the Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza .
Donations can be made following instructions here via bank transfers or international checks .
The Church World Service is a member organization , accepting online donations here , for fund # 6824 , " 2009 Gaza Humanitarian Response . "
Church World Service meets all 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 2 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
4 ) Medecins sans frontieres ( Doctors Without Borders ) runs a clinic in Gaza and has 21 tons of medical supplies and a team of surgeons set to enter Gaza as soon as allowed .
MSF meets 19 of 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 4 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
Donations can be made online here .
5 ) The United Palestinian Appeal ( UPA ) is a registered US charity with a focus in Gaza on first aid training and mobile clinics .
The UPA meets 19 of 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 4 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
They are now fund raising for medical and food supplies .
Donations can be made online here .
6 ) American Near East Refugee Aid ( ANERA ) is a registered US charity , founded in 1968 , to give aid to impoverished Palestinian families .
On January 9 , ANERA delivered 81 pallets of fortified milk to Gaza .
ANERA meets all 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 4 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
Donations can be made online here .
7 ) Oxfam America is a well - known aid agency .
It meets all 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 4 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
Oxfam has established a " Middle East Crisis " fund to help with emergency medical needs .
Donations can be made online here .
8 ) The International Medical Corps ( IMC ) delivers aid to Gaza via Heart - to - Heart International , International Relief Teams , and The Bridge Foundation .
The IMC meets all 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 4 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
Donations can be made online here or by 24 - hour phone line .
9 ) Episcopal Relief & Development operates in Gaza via the Episcopal Diocese of Jerusalem .
It supports the Al Ahli Arab Hospital in central Gaza and is sheltering 400 Gazans displaced by the conflict .
Episcopal Relief & Development meets all 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 4 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
Donations can be made online here , where you can select the " Middle East " fund .
10 ) CARE was established in 1945 to deliver aid to war - torn Europe .
It is now one of the most reputed U.S. aid NGOs , active in Gaza since 1948 , with a focus on food security and clean water .
CARE meets all 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 3 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
Donations can be made online here .
11 ) World Vision is a Christian relief agency with field offices in many countries , including Gaza .
World Vision meets all 20 Better Business Bureau standards and has a 4 - star rating by Charity Navigator .
Donations can be made online here .
12 ) Medical Aid for Palestine is a registered Canadian charity established in 1982 .
It is subsidized by two government agencies : the Canadian International Development Agency ( CIDA ) and the Secrétariat à l’Aide Internationale du Québec ( SAI ) .
Donations can be made online here .
Floyd Rudmin is a professor of psychology in Arctic Norway .
Mozilla has announced the official release of Bugzilla 3.2 , a significant new version that adds a large number of major improvements .
Bugzilla is web - based issue tracking system that is distributed under the Mozilla Public License and is written in the Perl scripting language .
It is used extensively by Mozilla and has also been adopted by a large number of other prominent open source software projects including GNOME , KDE , and OpenOffice.org .
The new version includes a much richer theming engine and a new default theme called Dusk .
It also includes significant usability improvements that were implemented in collaboration with NASA 's Human - Computer Interaction department .
There are a lot of really nice minor user interface enhancements , such as support for collapsing and expanding comments in bug reports .
This release offers some new custom field types , including a new date field with a JavaScript calendar widget .
Installation has also been simplified by a new script that automatically manages installation of all major dependencies .
Oracle contributed code to enable support for using Bugzilla with an Oracle database backend .
There were also a lot of other notable improvements that will benefit users and administrators .
In a status update about the release , Bugzilla developer Max Kanat - Alexander shares his views about the 3.2 release and the roadmap for the next major version .
" 3.2 has a lot of new features .
In many ways , this is one of the releases that we 've put the most ' polish ' into .
After conquering a lot of major obstacles and doing lots of code clean - up to prepare for the Bugzilla 3.0 series , we were finally able to focus on a lot of usability issues and annoyances that we 've always wanted to fix , " he wrote .
" For Bugzilla 4.0 , our focus is inter-Bugzilla communication and integration .
That is , the ability for other tools to talk to Bugzilla , and for two Bugzilla installations to talk to each other . "
For more information about this release , check out the official release notes .
If you want to see the new features in action , you can try them out at the Landfill , a Bugzilla testing installation .
Nicolae Ceausescu loved nothing better than a monument to himself .
But his ministerial palaces and avenues paled next to another of his schemes for building socialism : a plan to increase Romania 's population from 23 million to 30 million by the year 2000 .
He began his campaign in 1966 with a decree that virtually made pregnancy a state policy .
" The fetus is the property of the entire society , " Ceausescu proclaimed .
" Anyone who avoids having children is a deserter who abandons the laws of national continuity . "
It was one of the late dictator 's cruelest commands .
At first Romania 's birthrate nearly doubled .
But poor nutrition and inadequate prenatal care endangered many pregnant women .
The country 's infant - mortality rate soard to 83 deaths in every 1,000 births ( against a Western European average of less than 10 per thousand ) .
About one in 10 babies was born underweight ; newborns weighing 1,500 grams ( 3 pounds , 5 ounces ) were classified as miscarriages and denied treatment .
Unwanted survivors often ended up in orphanages .
" The law only forbade abortion , " says Dr. Alexander Floran Anca of Bucharest .
" It did nothing to promote life . "
Ceausescu made mockery of family planning .
He forbade sex education .
Books on human sexuality and reproduction were classified as " state secrets , " to be used only as medical textbooks .
With contraception banned , Romanians had to smuggle in condoms and birth - control pills .
Though strictly illegal , abortions remained a widespread birth - control measure of last resort .
Nationwide , Western sources estimate , 60 percent of all pregnancies ended in abortion or miscarriage .
The government 's enforcement techniques were as bad as the law .
Women under the age of 45 were rounded up at their workplaces every one to three months and taken to clinics , where they were examined for signs of pregnancy , often in the presence of government agents - dubbed the " menstrual police " by some Romanians .
A pregnant woman who failed to " produce " a baby at the proper time could expect to be summoned for questioning .
Women who miscarried were suspected of arranging an abortion .
Some doctors resorted for forging statistics .
" If a child died in our district , we lost 10 to 25 percent of our salary , " says Dr. Geta Stanescu of Bucharest .
" But it was n't our fault : we had no medicine or milk , and the families were poor . "
Abortion was legal in some cases : if a woman was over 40 , if she already had four children , if her life was in danger - or , in practice , if she had Communist Party connections .
Otherwise , illegal abortions cost from two to four months ' wages .
If something went wrong , the legal consequences were enough to deter many women from seeking timely medical help .
" Usually women were so terrified to come to the hospital that by the time we saw them it was too late , " says Dr. Anca .
" Often they died at home . "
No one knows how many women died from these back - alley abortions .
" Celibacy tax " : A woman did n't have to be pregnant to come under scrutiny .
In 1986 members of the Communist youth group were sent to quiz citizens about their sex lives .
" How often do you have sexual intercourse ? " the questionnaire read .
" Why have you failed to conceive ? "
Women who did not have children , even if they could not , paid a " celibacy tax " of up to 10 percent of their monthly salaries .
The rebels who overthrew Ceausescu last month quickly rescinded the policy .
" I would have killed Ceausescu for that law alone , " says Maria Dulce from her bed at Bucharest 's Municipal Hospital .
The 29 - year - old mother of two is recovering from a self - induced abortion .
Here eyes are bruised with fatigue .
She is among a half dozen women in the dingy hospital room .
Dulce says she terminated her pregnancy because of the trauma associated with caring for her second child , an 18 - month - old boy .
" We had to buy milk on the black market , " she says , " and we had to buy a heater just for the baby 's room . "
She had to have an emergency hysterectomy only days before the uprising .
" Now that it 's possible for a woman to be a woman again I 'm mutilated , " Dulce says through tears .
" And now there is a reason to have a child in this country . " from Karen Breslau , " Overplanned Parenthood : Ceausescu 's cruel law " , Newsweek , Jan. 22 , 1990 , p. 35 .
Right is wrong and left is ... right ?
Seems to be .
It 's not exactly a bass - ackward revolution , but left - handers are doing okay for themselves in sports these days .
Or are they ?
The idea struck me last week when I saw highlights of college quarterbacks Josh Heupel and Matt Leinart winning BCS National Championship Games .
They disappeared = Bad .
Then I watched this year 's game and saw Florida 's Tim Tebow will his Gators to a title .
He 's one of the best players in the history of college football = Good .
The rest of the planet 's lefties are also in state of quirky so - so - ness .
Rafael Nadal is the world 's No. 1 tennis player , but no lefty was among the NFL's 32 top- rated quarterbacks this season .
Dallas product and Raptors ' forward Chris Bosh is sixth in the NBA in scoring , but there is n't a lefty among any of college basketball 's All - American probables .
The highest - ranked women 's tennis player is 14th ( Patty Schynder ) and only one of the NBA 's top 50 scorers is lefty ( Detroit 's Tayshaun Prince is 51st ) .
In golf there are two lefties ( Phil Mickelson and Mike Weir ) among the top 21 .
In baseball the Indians ' Cliff Lee won the Cy Young and Minnesota 's Justin Morneau won the Home Run Derby and the AL MVP .
In hockey , who knows ?
They 're all left - handed .
Or is it right - handed ?
Locally , Josh Hamilton 's bat makes the loudest lefty noise .
As for sports ' most righteous left - handers ...
UPDATE : Before we continue , allow me to retort to some of the comments .
In summation :
* Cricket ?
You 're kidding , right ?
Sorry , but I went to a cricket match in England in 1992 .
The " players " wore Dockers and sweater vests .
There was a break for afternoon tea .
Cricket =
Not a sport .
I might as well consider including left - handed basket - weavers .
* Soccer ?
Though it would be a much better sport , last time I checked players were n't allowed to use their left HAND .
Even throw - ins require both hands .
If this list included left feet , there might be an NFL kicker or two .
* Rugby ?
See above .
* Hockey ?
Not applicable .
They 're efficiently ambidextrous .
Impressive , but also ineligible for this list .
There are left - handed goalies , but their refined skill is limited to catching .
* Boxing ?
Joe Frazier would 've made this list 30 years ago .
But is that sport even around anymore ?
* And , yeah , I hear you screaming that Nadal is naturally right - handed .
I 'm well aware .
Small detail :
He plays tennis left - handed !
But fine , if it makes you feel better , go ahead and put him on your list of the world 's best right - handed players .
Dorks .
Now , on to the list ...
10 . Johan Santana , Baseball .
Mets ' ace 's 2.53 ERA led all pitchers .
9. CC Sabathia , Baseball .
Carried Brewers to the playoffs with an 11 - 2 post - trade record .
8. Manu Ginobli , Basketball .
One of the most underrated players in the NBA and , in fact , the world .
7. Justin Morneau , Baseball .
Twins ' first baseman won AL MVP in '06 and All - Star Home Run Derby in '08 .
6. Ryan Howard , Baseball .
Majors - leading 48 homers , 146 RBI helped Phillies win World Series .
5. Chris Bosh , Basketball .
Olympic Gold Medalist is 6th in NBA scoring .
4. Cliff Lee , Baseball .
AL Cy Young winner with a gaudy 22 - 3 record .
3. Tim Tebow , Football .
Two National Championships and a Heisman before his senior season .
2. Phil Mickelson , Golf .
World 's No. 3 might dominate in a parallel universe void of Tiger Woods .
1. Rafael Nadal , Tennis .
World 's No. 1 player , arguably the best ever on clay .
