Many law enforcement officers called up to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan are finding it difficult to readjust to their jobs once home , bringing back heightened survival instincts that may make them quicker to use force and showing less patience toward the people they serve .
In interviews with The Associated Press and in dozens of anecdotes compiled in a survey by the International Association of Chiefs of Police and the U.S. Bureau of Justice Assistance , officers described feeling compelled to use tactics they employed in war zones after they returned to work in the U.S .
ADVERTISEMENT
One officer said he felt compelled to fire his gun in the air to disperse an unruly crowd in California .
Others said they felt wary about being flanked when working crowd control .
And others said after seeing the hardships ordinary Afghans and Iraqis lived with , it ’s hard to care about complaints over pet droppings .
The report , which was issued late last year , warns that the blurring of the line between combat and confrontations with criminal suspects at home may result in “ inappropriate decisions and actions — particularly in the use of … force .
This similarity … could result in injury or death to an innocent civilian . ”
FULL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
I 've got a cupboard with cans of foodFiltered water , and pictures of you And I 'm not coming out until this is all overAnd I 'm looking through the glassWhere the light bends at the cracksAnd I 'm screaming at the top of my lungs Pretending the echoes belong to someone ( Do Do , Do Do , Do Do ) Someone I used to knowAnd we becomeSilhouettes when our bodies finally goI wanted to walk through the empty streets
And feel something constant under my feetBut all the news reports recommended that I stay indoorsBecause the air outside will makeOur cells divide at an alarming rateUntil our shells simply cannot hold
All our insides in And that 's when we 'll explode ( And it wo n't be a pretty sight )
And we 'll become silhouettes
When our bodies finally go ( Ba Ba Ba Ba Ba )
And we 'll become ( And we 'll become ) Silhouettes when our bodies finally go ( Ba Ba Ba Ba )
And we 'll become ( And we 'll become ) ( ( And we 'll become ) ) Silhouettes when our bodies finally go ( Ba Ba Ba Ba )
And we 'll become ( And we 'll become ) ( ( And we 'll become ) ) Silhouettes when our bodies finally go( And we 'll become ) ( ( And we 'll become ) ) ( And we 'll become ) ( ( And we 'll become ) )
The Healthy Environment of Your Home and Office Cleaning is a Must with London House Cleaning
As life goes by at fast pace , we all hardly notice how our priorities and responsibilities change over the course of time .
The lack of time to do everything we have planned turns out to be the most common reason for stressful and nerve - wracking experiences .
We barely succeed in spending valuable moments with the people we love or to be occupied in activities that make us happy .
Household tasks simply do n’t fit in your busy schedule .
And this is the moment when you have to decide whether to spare your efforts and seek professional assistance or not .
London House Cleaning will save your precious time by taking excellent care for the cleanliness of your home .
As experts who have proved our diligence and effectiveness in the filed of domestic and office London cleaning services , we will perform the most thorough and precise cleaning that you have ever witnessed , and the only thing left for you is the delight of your spotless and tidy home , which will look like brand new after our professional intervention .
A healthy environment is what will make you and your family feel comfortable while being at home .
Home is the only place where you can really take a rest from the stressful week at work and you definitely deserve full relaxation .
As a leading cleaning company based in London , we have the reputation of assiduous professionals in the field of house and commercial cleaning , and the feedback received from the customers who have already availed themselves of our services praise the quality of our work .
With plenty of experience , we specialize in various types of cleaning options to fit with your personal household or business needs : upholstery cleaning , carpet and rug cleaning , office cleaning , house cleaning , end of tenancy cleaning – whichever option you choose , we guarantee a positive result .
Professional Domestic Cleaning Services in London
The domestic cleaning service that we provide covers all kinds of accommodations , apartments , houses and all the cleaning procedures that are related to them to make your home look cleaner than ever .
The thorough cleaning that our cleaners will perform will not leave a single spot on your home ’s surfaces , making so clean you will see your reflection in them .
Upholstery Cleaning in London is Easy with Our Specialists
This sort of specialized cleaning service requires more specific cleaning procedures , since rugs and carpets may be involved .
Get Your End of Tenancy Cleaning Help Today
Landlords and property sellers are preliminary interested in this type of service .
End of tenancy cleaning is a thorough one , aiming to wipe out the signs of the people who used to live there and , to a great extent , it is responsible for the quick and positive result of finding new tenants or homeowners , by making the home look more attractive .
London Office Cleaning Company at Your Disposal
Our commercial cleaning service is intended for firms and organizations and is usually completed after official working hours , when there is no one left in the office .
Depending on the size and type of your business and the number of the employees , you can order a daily , weekly or monthly cleaning service , or even a one - time deep cleaning .
Professional House Cleaning Teams and Equipment
Our employees are fully trained , experienced and devoted to achieving flawless results for household , office , end of tenancy or pre-tenancy cleanings .
Uniformed and equipped with the most powerful cleaning tools and top - notch cleaning machines , our expert teams will do wonders in your home .
Our London cleaners are the face of our organization and therefore , we make careful selections to pick the people that will best represent our mission .
Thus , which we train them professionally to make sure that their skills will correspond to your high expectations .
Keep in mind that professional equipment deals with accumulated dirt and germs in a different way than everyday dusting and wiping does .
The professional equipment we use is designed to operate at high temperatures , and we use advanced cleaning technologies which are proven to eliminate germs the best possible way .
We can easily moving along the legs of your furniture , reaching the most distant and difficult to access corners of your place , where dirt has n’t been removed for a long time .
We are a dynamic firm , focusing on new cleaning strategies and substances , and we are open to testing and applying new options that appear in this professional field to make our customers even more pleased with the quality of the services we provide .
Undoubtedly , the high standards of our cleaning solutions will bring you complete satisfaction .
Call Our London House Cleaning Experts and Get Your Free Quote Today
Your convenience is among the most important goals for us , and you can be sure that wherever you need our competent services , we will gladly deliver them at your convenience .
Just give us a call on 020 3397 3272 to arrange the details with us and to let us know about your personal demands .
Our polite consultants will inform you about the procedure and about the prices , and will prepare a free quote specifying the amount that cleaning service in London will cost you , which enables you to organise your budget ahead of time .
Even if your requirements seem unusual or specific , do n’t hesitate to share them with us , we will do our best to accomplish them exactly the way you prefer .
The consultants will pass them along accurately to the working teams so that your own standards can be completely met .
You may also use our online booking system , created for your convenience .
Take advantage of it 24 hours a day , 7 days a week if you are in need of an adequate cleaning solution .
Our employees ’ flexibility depends on your individual needs – we clean during the weekends , after the official working day is over , even in the evening .
We are the specialists that you have been looking for .
The individual approach that we apply to each customer ’s home or office will make you feel special and you wo n’t regret using our services .
You just may wonder why you have n’t hired us earlier .
Die während des zweiten Halbjahres 2009 registrierten Phishing - Angriffe ( 126.000 ) gingen nach Angaben der Anti Phishing Working Group ( APWG ) zu rund zwei Drittel auf das Konto einer einzelnen Phishing - Bande .
Nach Meinung der APWG könnte es sich bei der " Avalanche " ( engl. Lawine ) genannten Gruppe um einen direkten Nachfolger der Gruppe " Rock Phish " handeln .
Rock
Phish hatte besonderes in den Jahren 2006 und 2007 von sich reden gemacht , weil deren Mitglieder unter anderem ein spezielles , leicht bedienbares Phishing - Toolkit einsetzten .
Das Toolkit unterstützte als Erstes auch Fast - Flux - Netze , bei denen die Domain - Namen zu Phishing - Seiten konstant bleiben , während die IP - Adressen ständig wechseln und auf infizierte ( Heim - ) PCs mit Phishing - Seiten zeigen .
Damit versuchen die Phisher , ihre Spuren zu verwischen und ihre Infrastruktur zuverlässiger zu machen , weil kein Hosting - Provider darin eingreifen kann .
Einzig der Registrar kann die benutzte Domain sperren .
Laut APWG benutzten die Phisher deshalb mehrere hundert Domains – und registrierten Domain Namen am liebsten bei Registraren , die auf Hinweise etwa von Ermitlungsbehörden gar nicht oder nur langsam reagieren .
Schöpft ein Registrar Verdacht , beispielsweise aufgund seltsamer Domainnamen , so ziehen die Phisher zum nächsten , weniger achtsamen Registrar weiter – offenbar gab und gibt es jedoch davon genug .
Dennoch gelang es durch die Zusammenarbeit betroffener Banken , Registrare und anderer Dienstleister , die Avalanche - Angriffe relativ schnell einzudämmen .
Ohnehin ist in den vergangenen Jahren die durchschnittliche " Uptime " eines Phishing - Angriff laut APWG von 50 Stunden Anfang 2008 auf 32 Stunden Ende 2009 gesunken .
Aufgrund der immer schneller greifenden Gegenmaßnahmen sind die Avalanche - Angriffe möglicherweise nun auch versandet : Während sie im Oktober des vergangen Jahres mit 26.000 ( und 924 unterschiedlichen Domainnamen ) ihren Höhepunkt erreichten , waren im April 2010 so gut wie keine Aktivitäten mehr zu beobachten .
Die beliebtesten Top - Level - Domains bei der Registrierung durch die Avalanche - Gruppe waren .eu ( 33 Prozent ) , .com ( 23 Prozent ) , .uk und .net .
Im Vergleich dazu waren bei anderen Phishing - Banden .com ( 47 Prozent ) und .net ( 7 Prozent ) am häufigsten vorzufinden .
Bemerkenswert ist , dass die APWG bislang nur sehr wenige sogenannte Homograph Spoofing Attacks im Zusammenhang mit der Unterstützung des International Domain Name ( IDN ) beobachtet hat .
Dabei sehen Zeichen in einer URL zwar richtig aus , sind es aber nicht .
Beispielsweise werden ein kyrillisches a und ein lateinisches a von den meisten Zeichensätzen grafisch gleich dargestellt , obwohl es sich um unterschiedliche Zeichen handelt ( look alike character ) .
Diesen Umstand könnten Phisher bei Adressen wie www.paypal.com prinzipiell zur Täuschung benutzen .
Die APWG vermutet , dass Phisher nicht darauf zurückgreifen , weil der Domainname ohnehin keine Rolle spiele – offenbar prüfen Anwender URLs immer noch nicht sorgfältig genug .
Der vollständige Bericht steht zum Download zur Verfügung : Global Phishing Survey : Trends and Domain Name Use in 2H2009 ( PDF - Datei )
Siehe dazu auch :
( dab )
While The Economist magazine trumpets women ’s progress with covers like “ We Did It ! ” with pictures of Rosie the Riveter , HBR comes out with a special section on the wage gap .
Its recent news alerts give us headlines like “ Women in Management : Delusions of Progress , ” “ Gender Parity : Not a Corporate Priority , ” and “ Adding Female Directors Hurts Norwegian Firms ’ Value . ”
A range of earlier pieces focused on what women lacked , such as “ Women and the Vision Thing ” ( women lack vision ) and “ One Reason Women Do n’t Make it to the C - Suite ” ( it ’s their brains ) .
Why is HBR so determinedly negative about the gender issue ?
Given the extraordinary , millennial shift in history we are witnessing the world over , is focusing on the negative the most useful way to accompany the corporate world on this journey ?
In 2010 , when the US labor force has become majority female ( after Canada’s ) ?
PEW research finds that 26 % of wives out - earn their husbands , Goldman Sachs reports on women ’s increasing buying power worldwide , more women than men are starting American companies , and women earn 6 in 10 bachelor ’s and master ’s degrees .
It is time to shift the framing of the gender issue .
Women represent one of the world ’s biggest and most under - reported opportunities .
The business world has been so focused on stories like the rise of China that it has not been invited to see that , much closer to home , business could be reaping the benefits of the rise of women .
Companies — and their business school feeders — have been slow in adapting and profiting from this shift , and part of the reason is that media too often focus on small , sensational and misleading parts of the story , including aspects like the wage gap .
The real issue is n’t salaries .
That is a symptom of a deeper issue : a massive corporate mis-adaptation to today ’s talent realities and the subsequent inability to retain and develop women as well as men .
I call this “ gender asbestos . ”
It ’s hidden in the walls , cultures and mindsets of many organizations .
But ridding the structure of the toxins will require more than pointing accusingly at the mess .
It requires a detailed plan for how to move forward — and a compelling , attractive portrait of the result .
So can we stop the whining ?
Let ’s give companies a better picture of the opportunities .
As two BCG consultants argued in the September 2009 HBR article “ The Female Economy ” — a rare breath of fresh air on this issue from HBR — women represent a growth market twice as big as India and China combined .
We need to stop with the endless attention on the barriers , obstacles and issues that remain .
We know them already .
It ’s time to focus on solutions .
In my book , I outline four simple phases for companies to become gender balanced ( not just women - promoting ) and adapt to 21st century talent and markets .
The major lesson ?
Stop asking “ What ’s wrong with women that they ’re not making it to the top ? ”
Start asking “ What ’s wrong with companies if they ca n’t retain and promote the majority of educated Americans , and ca n’t adequately satisfy the majority of US consumers ? ”
Only the right questions can yield effective answers .
The wage gap and the systemic preference of the business world for masculine leaders are legacies of history .
Competitive advantage in this century will go to true meritocracies that understand who their customers are and what they really want .
The 20th century forced companies to globalize and learn the language and cultures of other countries .
The 21st century advantage will go to companies that “ get ” the transformational shifts under way .
These include technology , climate change , and female empowerment and education — forces I refer to as “ web , weather , and women . ”
While three - quarters of businesspeople say that their companies have n’t made a priority of gender parity , the best proof that companies are interested is that consultancies and business schools are belatedly writing and thinking about gender .
As they jostle for positioning on an issue that none of them have managed successfully internally , they may learn to catch up with their clients — many of whom are forging ahead , embracing gender balance as a source of business and performance .
Avivah Wittenberg - Cox is CEO of 20 - first , one of the world ’s leading gender consulting firms , and author of the upcoming HOW Women Mean Business ( Wiley , 2010 ) .
Editor ’s note : Visit our special package on women and the workplace pay gap .
Most adults should be eating 2 cups of fruit and 2.5 to 3 cups of vegetables per day ( it 's recommended that men get a little more veg ) .
Only 9 % of adults are getting the recommended amount of vegetables and only 12 % get enough fruit .
Yikes .
Image zoom
A vegetable in any form is better than no vegetable at all .
Vegetables are packed with nutrients — vitamins , minerals , fiber and antioxidants .
Freezing is a safe way to increase the shelf life of nutritious foods .
However , many people incorrectly believe that frozen vegetables are much less nutritious than fresh vegetables .
There still seems to be some controversy about if frozen vegetables are healthy , and how they stack up to fresh produce .
We have the answers on what to choose and when .
When to Choose Frozen
Image zoom
As winter approaches , fresh produce is limited — or expensive — in much of the country , which forces many of us to turn to canned or frozen options .
While canned vegetables can lose some nutrients during the preservation process ( notable exceptions include tomatoes and pumpkin ) , frozen vegetables may be even more healthful than some of the fresh produce sold in supermarkets , says Gene Lester , Ph.D. , national program leader for nutrition , food safety and quality at the USDA .
Why is this ?
Fruits and vegetables chosen for freezing tend to be processed at their peak ripeness , a time when they usually are most nutrient - packed .
While the first step of freezing vegetables — blanching them in hot water or steam to kill bacteria and stop food - degrading enzymes — causes some water - soluble nutrients like vitamin C and the B vitamins to break down or leach out , the subsequent flash - freeze locks the vegetables in a relatively nutrient - rich state .
A 2017 study found that there were no significant differences in vitamin content between frozen and fresh vegetables .
Furthermore , when there was a slight difference , it was more likely that the frozen vegetables had a higher concentration of nutrients than their fresh counterparts .
There is also a notable price difference between fresh and frozen produce .
For those shopping on a budget , frozen ( and canned ) vegetables may be more cost - effective .
The average price for frozen cauliflower is $ 1.68 per pound , whereas fresh cauliflower florets are closer to $ 3.13 per pound .
The American Frozen Food Institute published a white paper showing that a grocery list comprised of 95 % frozen food could be in line with the Dietary Guidelines for Americans for an adult woman for only $ 8.52 a day , or $ 59.66 per week .
Additionally , fresh vegetables have a much shorter shelf life than their frozen alternatives .
If you are going to use the produce promptly , fresh is a good choice .
However , to reduce the risk of spoilage and waste , frozen is a safe bet .
Choose frozen produce without any added salt ( you can add a little of your own as you cook ) and aim to buy plain as often as possible .
Saucy vegetables will be higher in sodium , but may be a good option for picky eaters from time to time .
Frozen vegetables work well in cooked dishes like casseroles , stir - fries , pastas and soups ( learn more about our favorite cooking techniques below ) .
Favorite options are broccoli , peas , corn , cauliflower , Brussels sprouts and squash .
When to Choose Fresh
Image zoom
It 's hard to argue with the flavor and nutrition of fresh , ripe fruits and vegetables .
Especially when in season , fresh produce can be grown and purchased locally , ensuring the tastiest , healthiest product .
However , in many areas of the county , this is not realistic year - round .
On the other hand , in the colder months , fruits and vegetables destined to be shipped to the fresh - produce aisles around the country typically are picked before they are ripe , which gives them less time to develop a full spectrum of vitamins and minerals .
Outward signs of ripening may still occur , but these vegetables wo n't have the same nutritive value as if they had been allowed to fully ripen on the vine .
In addition , during the long haul from farm to fork , fresh fruits and vegetables are exposed to lots of heat and light , which degrade some nutrients , especially delicate vitamins like C and the B vitamin thiamin .
If you are looking for a vegetable to eat raw with an Avocado - Yogurt Dip or Classic Hummus , the only option is fresh produce .
Salads and slaws also need the crunch and crispy bite you get from fresh vegetables .
If stored correctly , fresh produce can last longer than you think .
Check out the Best Way to Store Fruits and Veggies for more .
Image zoom
Pictured Recipe : Easy Brown Rice Pilaf with Spring Vegetables
How to Cook Frozen Vegetables
If you are going to be cooking , there are several ways to use frozen vegetables .
Sautéing Frozen Vegetables
Regardless of what technique you are using , not all frozen vegetables cook the same way .
For this reason , it is important to read the directions on the bag or box to give you an idea of how long to cook the vegetable you are using .
That being said , most frozen vegetables can be sautéed in 5 to 7 minutes .
No need to defrost — just add oil to a hot pan and sauté your frozen vegetable of choice to the desired doneness .
For a flavor boost , try adding herbs and spices to the vegetables while they 're cooking .
Steaming Frozen Vegetables
Since frozen vegetables are initially blanched before freezing , steaming is a tried - and - true way to cook them .
Steaming helps frozen vegetables play to their strengths , and is also the fastest cooking method of the bunch .
See the package instructions , but most frozen vegetables cook for between 2 and 10 minutes .
However , be careful not to over - steam them , as this can lead to that mushy texture that gives frozen veggies a bad reputation .
Roasting Frozen Vegetables
Yes , you can roast frozen vegetables .
Due to their processing , they cook slightly faster than the fresh alternatives .
Most frozen vegetables roast nicely in 20 to 25 minutes , flipping halfway through .
Again , this gives you a great opportunity to use herbs and spices to make the flavor of your vegetables pop .
Grilling Frozen Vegetables
For some adventurous cooks , grilling vegetables can be an option in a pinch .
Frozen vegetables may be softer and more fragile than fresh , so use a grill basket to save them from falling through the grill grate .
Grilling times will vary depending on the vegetable , but most take between 5 and 10 minutes , flipping at the halfway point .
Bottom Line
Drifting buoy 48534
Last reported at 2011 - Nov - 26 04:00 UTC .
Time now 2020 - Oct -01 09:45 UTC .
Position N 83°25 ' W 044°23 '.
Warning : this ship 's position is years out of date !
Barometer 992.4 mb
Air temperature - 15.8 ° C
Off the Beat : Bruce Byfield 's Blog
Bruce Byfield
I spent part of the last week reviewing GNOME 2.30 .
As I worked , I kept returning to the fact that 2.30 is probably the last release of the GNOME 2.0 series , which began in June 2002 .
That , in turn , got me flipping through the Progeny Debian User 's Guide that I did in May 2001 ( the last major manual that I wrote ) , and thinking of all the developments that the last decade or so have seen in GNOME in particular and the free desktop in general .
Writing in April 2010 , the state of the free desktop in the early years of the millennium seems unbelievably primitive .
The desirability of a free desktop was understood by some , and both GNOME and KDE had been up and running for several years .
Yet there were many stone geeks and old timers for whom even a basic window manager was questionable , and the idea of an actual desktop was an abomination .
The free desktop was not helped , either , by the fact that the licensing issues surrounding Qt , KDE 's toolkit , were not resolved until September 2000 .
For a time , Debian seriously debated whether KDE should even be included in the distribution .
Yet even among those building the desktop , the basic concept was crude .
The GNOME Human Interface Guidelines were still a couple of years in the future .
For many developers , the idea was simply to dump all the command line options into an interface in the quickest way possible .
I remember one GUI for Apache that consisted of a couple of dozen tabs crammed with options , and another one for cron whose combo box for selecting the day of the month was so long that at low resolutions it could not be displayed on the screen .
In the same way , CD burners existed , but the options they gave were frighteningly complete and obscure .
Things were usually better in GNOME , but releases 1.2 , 1.4 , and 2.0 could have much the same problems .
Unlike today's , the menu had most -- maybe all -- the installed applications listed .
Some dialogs , like the one for MIME association , could only make sense to those who had enough knowledge not to need the dialog in the first place .
The exit button looked as though it should be on the door of the outhouse , and , in the first user testing by Sun Microsystems , newbies missed it entirely .
As for the references in the interface to the window manager that GNOME was using then , one tester sounded plaintive even on paper when they asked , " What 's a Sawfish window manager ? "
Nothing in early versions of GNOME would provide an answer , let alone explain why users should have to know .
With the best will in the world , developers in the first years of the millennium had a hard time comprehending that they were not designing for users at the same level of knowledge as themselves .
Running behind
The general consensus back then was that the free desktop was vastly inferior to its proprietary counterparts , and mostly it was true .
In GNOME 's case , part of the problem was the limitations of the GTK + toolkit , which has improved significantly with each release in the last decade .
However , the real problem was that infrastructure took time to develop .
Despite some tentative experiments , for the most part , you descended to the command line or edited a configuration file if you had to administration work .
The most you could generally hope for was a text - based tool like Debian 's dselect , which had been perfectly adequate when the number of packages were smaller , but which by 200 was inadequate for the information it had to handle .
The sole exception was installers , which had started going graphical in 1999 .
Yet by today 's standards , these were applications for the reasonably expert users .
Often , the most the newcomer could hope for was that leaving the defaults unchanged would result in a bootable system .
Mostly , the tactic worked , but not always .
Yet , even if you confined yourself to productivity , the options were limited .
Abiword and KOffice existed , but only in their early stages .
The OpenOffice.org project was started in 2000 , but 1.0 was not released until May 2002 .
Firefox soon followed , although usable betas had existed for several years previously .
If you were a developer , you could use the desktop ( although you would probably choose not to ) , but non-technical users had to follow a few well - defined paths if they wanted to be productive .
They could not even mount a CD unless they had the root password , because desktops were following Unix security models , and automounting either did not exist or was unreliable .
Forward and Back
The evolution away from these origins has sometimes seemed slow .
Often , in looking at a GNOME release , I have been disappointed in the apparent lack of progress .
Yet looking back over the 2.0 series as a whole , I now suspect that part of that perception was impatience on my part .
I do not agree with all the changes in GNOME or the free desktop .
I sometimes think that convenience has been allowed to triumph over security too often , and that usability risks becoming a synonym for " dumbed - down . "
Yet , on the whole , the accomplishments of GNOME and other incarnations of the free desktop have been significant in the past decade .
From unpromising beginnings , in which everything remained to be done , today the free desktop has caught up with Windows and OSX -- or close enough that it has started to innovate more often than it follows .
That 's something to remember while we look forward to GNOME 3.0 six months from now .
GNOME 3.0 marks a new chapter in the free desktop .
It is going to be attracting increasing attention , both from those who enthuse over it and those who condemn it as misguided or new .
Yet in the excitement of GNOME 3.0 , I think it worth looking back at the GNOME 2.0 , and congratulating all involved on an impressive work in progress .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
An industrial chemical developed to help separate heavy metals from polluted soil and mining drainage is being sold as a dietary supplement by a luminary in the world of alternative autism treatments .
Called OSR # 1 , the supplement is described on its
Web site as an antioxidant not meant to treat any disease .
But the site lists pharmacies and doctors who sell it to parents of children with autism , and the compound has been promoted to parents on popular autism Web sites .
" I sprinkle the powder into Bella 's morning juice and onto Mia and Gianna 's gluten free waffle breakfast sandwich , " wrote Kim Stagliano , managing editor of Age of Autism and mother of three girls on the autism spectrum , in an enthusiastic post last spring .
" We 've seen some nice ' Wows ! ' from OSR . "
A search of medical journals unearthed no papers published about OSR # 1 , though the compound 's industrial uses have been explored in publications such as the Journal of Hazardous Materials .
Boyd Haley , president of the Lexington , Ky. - based company that produces the compound , acknowledged its industrial origins but calls his product " a food " that is " totally without toxicity . "
He said he has been taking the supplement for nearly three years .
" Look , I put myself on the line , " he said .
" I have taken 250 milligrams per day , on the average . "
Federal law requires manufacturers to explain why a new dietary ingredient reasonably can be expected to be safe .
The Food and Drug Administration told the Tribune that Haley had not submitted sufficient information .
In an interview , Haley said that the compound had been tested on rats and that a food safety study was conducted on 10 people .
Asked to provide documentation of the studies , he stopped communicating with the Tribune .
Experts expressed dismay upon hearing children were consuming a chemical not evaluated in formal clinical trials for safety , as would be required for a drug prescribed by doctors .
Ellen Silbergeld , an expert in environmental health and a researcher funded by the National Institutes of Health studying mercury and autism at Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health , said she found the sale of the chemical as a supplement for children " appalling . "
" I would worry a lot about giving anything to a small child that has n't been scrutinized for both safety and efficacy by the FDA , " said antioxidant expert Dr. L. Jackson Roberts , a pharmacologist at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine .
OSR # 1 supplements are one of many risky , unproven therapies given to children with autism by doctors who say they can successfully treat the disorder , which has no cure and very few proven treatment options .
Last year , Tribune reporters examined alternative treatments for autism and uncovered a trail of junk science and false hopes .
Haley , a retired professor at the University of Kentucky who once was chairman of the chemistry department , has spoken at autism conferences promoting alternative therapies .
His fiery presentations connect autism and the mercury that was once a part of childhood vaccines , a supposed link that numerous scientific studies have failed to prove .
" We need to get mad , " he told an audience of hundreds at a national autism conference in Chicago last year .
One of the most prominent autism groups , Generation Rescue , once named him to its Hall of Fame , citing his " clear , thoughtful , feisty testimony and writings " about mercury .
On the Age of Autism blog , parents have hailed him as a hero for his new supplement , which Haley said " easily 1,000 people " have taken .
" Boyd Haley should be ' Man of the Year , ' " wrote one reader .
Stagliano , the Web site 's managing editor , declined to comment .
The company that makes the supplement , CTI Science , describes it as an antioxidant .
But pharmacologist Dr. Arthur Grollman , director of the Laboratory for Chemical Biology at State University of New York at Stony Brook , said it is obvious from the product 's chemical structure that it is also a " powerful chelator , " a compound that binds to heavy metals such as mercury .
The FDA has approved several chelators as drugs to treat heavy metal poisoning .
Some doctors also use the drugs -- which carry significant risks -- to treat children with autism based on the scientifically unfounded idea that their disorder is linked to toxic metals .
But the chemical being sold as OSR # 1 is part of a family of chelators originally developed for industrial purposes , according to a U.S. patent issued in 2003 and assigned to the University of Kentucky Research Foundation .
A university spokesman said Haley 's company has licensing rights to that patent , which discusses ways to use the compound to remove heavy metals from soil and acid mine drainage .
In a 2006 interview for the magazine Medical Veritas , Haley told a reporter from AutismOne Radio that he was interested in developing better chelators for people .
" We 've made compounds that ... work tremendously " in a test tube , he said .
" However , we 've got to show that they 're not toxic .
That costs a lot of money and it's very difficult to do , you have to have the right facilities .
That 's where we 're hung up right now , the question is , ' How do we get somebody to do these studies ? ' "
In January 2008 Haley changed the name of his company from Chelator Technologies Inc. to CTI Science Inc .
Less than a month later , he notified the FDA he would be introducing the compound as a new dietary ingredient .
Federal law allows manufacturers of dietary supplements to market them without the rigorous testing for safety and efficacy the FDA requires of drugs .
Developing , testing and bringing a drug to market can cost hundreds of millions of dollars , according to some studies .
But the law does require makers of supplements containing new dietary ingredients -- such as OSR # 1 -- to establish that the product can be expected to be safe .
In June 2008 , an FDA senior toxicologist sent a letter to Haley that questioned on what basis the product could be expected to be safe and could be considered a dietary ingredient .
According to FDA spokeswoman Siobhan DeLancey , Haley has not responded to the request for more information .
DeLancey declined to discuss OSR # 1 specifically , but she said the government prohibits companies from selling a product until the safety requirement is satisfied .
Penalties can include warning letters , seizure of products or criminal prosecution .
DeLancey said she did not know of any actions taken against Haley or his company .
The journey that started 18 months ago to create a next generation Amiga on commodity hardware has now reached its first major milestone by becoming a completely driver native Aros system powered by the energy efficient Intel Atom processor .
This has been achieved with the supply of hardware and in some cases financial rewards to key developers in the Aros world .
The plan with the following steps has been to create a base reference platform for Aros and the Amiga community to build on and support .
Step 1 : Network driver development by Nick â€ œKalamateeâ€  Andrews , free to all .
Step 2 : HDAudio by Davy Wentzler owned by Cluster UK ltd , free to end users .
Step 3 : Catweasel driver development for Aros by Ian Gledhill , free to all .
Step 4 : Intel GMA device developed by Michal Schulz and again free to all .
This work would not have been possible without the amazing team of developers working on Aros whose names are long and well respected but room does not allow all their names to appear .
Please visit Aros.org for more details .
Also a notable mention must go to Paolo Besser and the IcAros distribution that is supplied with all iMica systems .
In between this work other developments have been supported , more news on these later .
However , we have also been experimenting with hardware configurations for the best type of iMica system , but it has become clear that one thing was important to all ; it must be SILENT .
So now we announce the final iMica Atom system that we believe will achieve all the needs of the Amiga and Aros fan using low cost commodity hardware in a small and SILENT package .
Silent iMica Video
Introduction to Intel GMA driver and why iMica exists
Demonstration of Atom based iMica systems running Aros and new native drivers
This unit is not only power efficient and low cost , but can also be mounted behind the monitor to create a space efficient working area and no wires in front of the monitor when using a wireless keyboard and mouse .
However , with its great looks and slim design it is doubtful you will want to hide it away .
This is not the end , this is just Stage 1 .
Stage 2 , optional case upgrade to hold , PCI Catweasel MK4 , Slim DVD and Amiga / Mac / PC compatible floppy disk drive unit .
This will be available to all iMica Atom customers .
Stage 3 , Well we will tell you about that when we have something to show , but it will make the investment in the iMica Atom system a good investment , and might just inspire old Amiga users to get really excited about next generation Amiga ’s including those with other Amiga OS flavours .
My thanks to all of the Aros and Amiga developers who have supported me over the last 18 months .
Stephen Jones
MD Cluster UK Software Ltd
Cluster UK Software Ltd :
Cluster UK was setup as a software development company with an interest in parallel processing machines .
At the moment development that has funded iMica has been from Document management system and local government web based technologies .
Please visit web - labs for more details on our software developments .
clusteruk.com
Aros ( Aros Research Operating System ) :
The AROS Research Operating System is a lightweight , efficient and flexible desktop operating system , designed to help you make the most of your computer .
It ’s an independent , portable and free project , aiming at being compatible with AmigaOS 3.1 at the API level ( like Wine , unlike UAE ) , while improving on it in many areas .
The source code is available under an open source license , which allows anyone to freely improve upon it .
aros.org / aros-exec.org
IcAros Desktop :
IcAros Desktop is a pre-configured operating environment aimed to be a complete distribution of the open source AROS operating system : a independent , free and multi-platform re-implementation of AmigaOS 3.1 API .
IcAros Desktop brings back all the fun of computing with a lightweight , fast and efficient operating system , providing all necessary utilities and many free games .
IcAros Desktop is the evolution of VmwAROS , formerly the leading distribution of the AROS operating system .
icarosdesktop.org
April 26 , 2010 , 8:52 pm
2008
This game is an experiment .
Try it .
Download Filesize : 1.3 MB
Kotaku on Execution
Destructoid article
MSNBC article on Serious Games
Ludus Novus : Changing Games Forever
Random quotes :
“ you made me be shocked by myself ”
“ It hit me with a very real sense of guilt ”
“ I really dont know what to say ”
“ I havent been “ touched ” by a game like this before ”
Rating :
We 're not quite sure why it 's taken Microsoft so long to release it to the general public , but anyone with Windows 7 and a touchscreen will no doubt nonetheless be glad to know that the previously OEM - only Windows 7 Touch Pack is now available as a free download .
That includes touch - enabled favorites like Microsoft 's Surface Globe and Surface Collage , as well as a handful of games including the Pong - inspired Rebound and the " tranquil " Garden Pond .
All set ?
Then hit up the source link below to find the 239MB download and the complete details on what 's included .
Belgium 's parliament is expected to pass a law today that would ban Islamic veils in public , making it the first European country to ban the wearing of the burqa or niqab .
The bill , which has been criticised by human rights campaigners as a violation of the fundamental right to freedom of religion , was voted for unanimously by the lower chamber 's home affairs committee last month .
The law would make it a crime to be in a public place with one 's face partially or wholly concealed in a way that would make identification impossible .
Violators would be subject to a fine of € 15 - € 25 ( £ 12 - £ 21 ) with a possible prison sentence of one to seven days .
There are no official statistics on how many women wear face - covering veils , though analysts agree it is a marginal phenomenon among the roughly 400,000 Muslims living in Belgium ( about 4 % of the country 's population ) .
In 2009 , 29 women were stopped by police in eight municipalities in the Brussels region that already ban the full Muslim veil .
A similar move is being considered in France , where President Nicolas Sarkozy has ordered legislation paving the way for a total ban on the full Islamic veil .
Sarkozy is moving ahead on the ban despite the advice of experts who warned that such a broad ban risked contravening France 's constitution .
Sarkozy has repeatedly said that such clothing oppresses women and is " not welcome " in France .
A government spokesman , Luc Chatel , said after yesterday 's weekly cabinet meeting that the president decided the government should submit a bill to parliament in May on an overall ban on burqa - like veils .
" The ban on veils covering the whole face should be general , in every public space , because the dignity of women cannot be put in doubt , " Chatel said .
The decision to seek a full ban , rather than a limited ban , came as a surprise .
After a cabinet meeting just a week ago , the government spokesman announced a decision for legislation that bans the veil but takes into account conclusions by the council of state , France 's highest administrative office .
The council advised that a full ban would be " legally very fragile " .
A six - month parliamentary inquiry concluded that a full ban would raise constitutional issues , as well as enforcement problems .
Muslim leaders in France say that the face - covering veil is not a religious requirement of Islam but have cautioned against banning the garment .
Of France 's estimated five million Muslims , only a tiny minority wear the full veil .
Some critics of the ban have warned that such a move will serve merely to reinforce the alienation of those women from mainstream society .
Human Rights
Watch has strongly criticised planned legislation to ban face - covering veils on human rights and practical grounds .
" Bans like this lead to a lose - lose situation , " said Judith Sunderland , senior western Europe researcher at Human Rights Watch .
" They violate the rights of those who choose to wear the veil and do nothing to help those who are compelled to do so . "
The group argues that there is no evidence that wearing the full veil in public threatens public safety , public order , health , morals , or the fundamental rights and freedoms of others – the only legitimate grounds for interference with fundamental rights , it said .
Rather than help women who are coerced into wearing the veil , a ban would limit , if not eliminate , their ability to seek advice and support .
The interesting thing about Michigan is that as a state it has already implemented many forward - thinking economic development strategies and policies .
Michigan has been much more innovative than Washington state has been in this respect .
Washington ’s success has frankly been in spite of , rather than because of , state policy much of the time .
We in Washington state are getting better , but the technology sectors and the jobs they provide have been a bit taken for granted by our citizens and state government .
Not so in Michigan .
For example , I was going to recommend that Michigan encourage more angel investing by providing income tax deductions for angels who invest in Michigan startups .
Guess what ?
Already done .
Michigan has several other programs promoting access to capital which they should continue , as venture capital will continue to be in short supply for the foreseeable future .
Michigan should make sure it has strong programs in entrepreneurship at all the state ’s colleges and universities .
This is already being done through the Great Lakes Entrepreneur ’s Quest , but more programs like this should be encouraged .
Host lots of business plan competitions .
Invite successful entrepreneurs to campus to talk to students .
Help students learn the difference between a small business that stays small and one that becomes a high growth success .
Encourage ambition and thinking big .
UW hosts an “ Environmental Challenge , ” an annual competition for the best green idea .
Hundreds of students participate from across the state .
Dozens of us attend to judge it and other competitions to encourage the next crop of entrepreneurs .
Grow a new generation of smart , idealistic and energetic entrepreneurs and support them along the way and the business culture will change .
One thing that really impressed me when I visited Austin , Texas several years ago was how they celebrated their entrepreneurs .
In their uniquely - Texas - charming way , they just bragged about how many cool software companies they had and how great the CEOs were .
The community — mayor , chamber , venture capitalists — supported entrepreneurs in any way they could and they made a big deal out of an industry which was actually quite small at the time .
Through marketing their region externally and nurturing the companies they did have , they grew what was a small set of companies into a sector .
I would copy them .
Here is a do n’t :
Do n’t chase after out - of - state businesses with big tax breaks .
It ’s so last century and it is a big waste of time and taxpayer money .
Really focus on growing your own .
Lastly , and most importantly , really support your higher education system , especially your research universities .
This is an area where Michigan is truly world class .
Take very good care of University of Michigan and Michigan State University , even when it is difficult to because of budget constraints .
They are creating knowledge and the next generation of top - flight scientists , engineers , and entrepreneurs .
Some will leave the state , but many will stay — especially as more local companies have great jobs for them .
You grow an innovation economy first , last and always with smart , creative and talented people .
[ Editor ’s note :
To help launch Xconomy Detroit , we ’ve queried our network of Xconomists and other innovation leaders around the country for their list of the most important things that entrepreneurs and innovators in Michigan can do to reinvigorate their regional economy . ]
Susannah Malarkey is the Executive Director of the Technology Alliance , a statewide organization of leaders from technology businesses and research institutions dedicated to Washington 's long - term economic success Follow @
Trending on Xconomy
Monthly Classes & Clinics
Repair - A- Bike
Description :
Bicycle Overhaul Clinic is a hands - on 6 - session , 18 - hour course that goes into great depth of the most common repairs that are performed in the bike shop .
Curious to see the ball bearings inside your hub and headset ?
Wondering how cable tension improves derailleur performance when you ’re shifting ?
Come on in and find out !
This is a bike mechanics class for all skill levels - no experience required .
Participants younger than 18 must be accompanied by a parent – See tickets for youth / parent pricing .
Class Content :
– Bike parts and tools overview
- Bike assessment & diagnosis
– Patching a flat , replacing tubes and tires
– Overhauling hubs
– Wheel Truing
– Overhauling bottom brackets and headsets
– Adjusting brake systems
– Adjusting shift systems and derailleurs
Classes in this course build on one another , so please try to attend all or as many sessions as you can to stay up to speed with the content .
Class Price : $ 200 *
( View RAB ’s Class Listings & Register Today )
Flat Fix and Bicycle Safety Clinic
Flat Fix and Bicycle Safety Clinic is a hands - on course to teach you a few basic skills for keeping your bike running in tip - top shape this season .
Open to all levels .
We will explain and practice :
How to assess different types of flats
Appropriate techniques to patch a flat
How to perform a full safety inspection of your bicycle
Class Fee : Sliding Scale $ 5 -$ 15
Basic Bike Maintenance Clinic
Basic Bike Maintenance Clinic is a hands - on course to teach you a few basic skills for keeping your bike running in tip - top shape this season .
Open to all levels .
We will explain and practice :
Cleaning your bike
lubricating your chain
adjusting brakes
Adjusting shifting
maintenance schedules
Class Fee : Sliding Scale $ 5 -$ 15
( View RAB ’s Class Listings & Register Today )
Youth Classes
Our youth programs are comprised of basic and advanced coursework on bicycle mechanics , art , math , science and job training .
Students learn bicycle mechanics , smart tool use and work habits , hands - on engineering , among other skills .
We explore the physics of a bicycle including mechanical aspects of how bikes work , how to repair a used bicycle and how to maintain a bicycle in good working order .
Students also learn important skills of assessment and problem - solving while working on bikes , necessary and useful skills in any field .
Other topics covered in our programs include bike safety , fitness , and the social , economic and environmental benefits of cycling .
Students will sometimes go on field trips to explore sites like the Woonasquatucket River by going for bike rides on the bike path in Providence and Johnston .
Our courses our tailored to the age range of our students , the duration of time we meet with them weekly , and the total number of classes we meet together as a group .
Interested in signing your youth group up for a class ?
Email : education@recycleabike.org for class rates & more information
Teen Build - A - Bike Summer Camp – Open for Registration !
Teen Build - A - Bike Summer Day Camp is perfect for teenagers that love bikes , science and art !
During week - long camp , instructors go into great depth covering the most common repairs needed to be performed on bicycles .
In addition , we will instruct participants on smart cycling practices on - road & on bike paths , take particpants on two bike riding field trips on local bike paths , and get creative with bike parts to create some bike - art .
No previous experience working with tools or bicycles is required of participants .
What Participants Should Expect :
Bicycle Mechanics Instruction
Bicycle Art Projects
Team Building Exercises
Smart Cycling Instruction
Bicycle Rides on local bike paths
Mon July 29th – Fri August 2nd
Bike Ride on the Woony :
Wed : July 31st
Bike Ride on the East Bay :*
Fri : August 2nd
** Cost Per Session : $ 350
** Minium number of participants per session is 6 .
If less than six participants sign up for a session , all remaining participants camp fees will be refunded
** Interested in signing up to be on the financial aid waitlist ?
Fill out our Financial Aid Sign - Up
Form and we will be in touch if / when we recieve funding to offer financial aid
( View RAB ’s Class Listings & Register Today )
MET LTI Internship and Youth Mechanics Certification
This internship is part class and part job .
Students at the MET High School spend an entire year being taught the skills required to work at Recycle - A - Bike , and then put those skills to use to support Recycle - A - Bike ’s operations & mission .
Students learn bicycle mechanics , smart tool use and work habits , hands - on engineering , bike shop / retail operations , among other skills .
We explore the physics of a bicycle including mechanical aspects of how bikes work , how to repair a used bicycle and how to maintain a bicycle in good working order .
Students also learn important skills of assessment and problem - solving while working on bikes , necessary and useful skills in any field .
Other topics covered in this internship include bike safety , fitness , and the social , economic and environmental benefits of cycling .
Students will get to explore the Woonasquatucket River by going for bike rides on the bike path in Providence and Johnston .
Many who think they have food allergies actually do not .
A new report , commissioned by the federal government , finds the field is rife with poorly done studies , misdiagnoses and tests that can give misleading results .
While there is no doubt that people can be allergic to certain foods , with reproducible responses ranging from a rash to a severe life - threatening reaction , the true incidence of food allergies is only about 8 percent for children and less than 5 percent for adults , said Dr. Marc Riedl , an author of the new paper and an allergist and immunologist at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Yet about 30 percent of the population believe they have food allergies .
And , Dr. Riedl said , about half the patients coming to his clinic because they had been told they had a food allergy did not really have one .
Dr. Riedl does not dismiss the seriousness of some people ’s responses to foods .
But , he says , “ That accounts for a small percentage of what people term ‘ food allergies . ’ ”
Today ( May 5 ) , a grey whale reportedly more than 10 metres in length spent part of the afternoon swimming around False Creek .
The curious mammal put on a show for onlookers watching from the sea walk at Science World , and had one videographer skateboarding to keep up .
To reach the shallow waters of False Creek , the whale would have had to swim up the Burrard Inlet and under the Burrard Street , Granville Street , and Cambie Street bridges .
You can follow Travis Lupick on Twitter at twitter.com / tlupick .
Posted on ·
Craig Clasen was hunting yellow fin tuna with fellow fisherman Cameron Kirkconnell , photographer D.J Struntz ( DJ Strunz ’s portfolio ) and film maker Ryan McInnis in the Gulf of Mexico when a 12 ft .
Tiger Shark aggressively approached and circled Ryan McInnis in deep waters south of the Mississippi River ’s mouth .
Regarded by many as two of the world ’s best free diving spearfishermen , Craig and Cameron have come into contact with thousands of sharks .
Craig Clasen immediately swam to his friend with his spear gun .
‘ I positioned myself between Ryan and the shark and I tried to watch it for a second , hoping it would pass us by , ’ explained 32 - year - old Mr Clasen .
‘ I noticed that the shark was getting tighter and tighter and just kept trying to get a back angle on us and behaving in an aggressive manner .
‘ The shark made a roll and looked like it was going to charge us so I just went ahead and took the conservative route and put a shaft through its gills .
‘ Cameron and I have been around sharks for years and we all have a lot of experience with them but this encounter had a different feel to it .
‘ Down in my core I really felt the shark was there to feed .
I did n’t want it to come to that . ’
Craig spent nearly two hours wrestling with the giant 12ft shark , spearing it seven times and even attempting to drown the beast before eventually finishing it off with a long blade knife .
( Rest of the story at SurfThereNow.com )
Bitcoin ( Wikipedia ) has all the ingredients to make it a wet dream for libertarians .
A secure , open source , potentially anonymous cryptocurrency that ’s sustained by a peer - to - peer network — that ’s the kind of big idea that appeals to the net community .
In the last couple of weeks , bitcoin mania has reached a peak , with largely positive articles in Technology Review , Techcrunch , and others ( see those articles for a basic explanation of the system ) .
The bitcoin wiki , meanwhile , is abuzz with activity and enumerates many ways to earn / purchase and spend bitcoins .
Currency exchanges sell individual bitcoins for more than $ 8 per coin .
I , too , would love to be excited about bitcoin .
Although I ’m not a libertarian and I see risks associated with unregulated new currencies , this is the kind of experiment that can really drive forward society ’s thinking .
Moving away from national currencies and central banks to a single , global medium of exchange is an immensely powerful idea .
While managing the risks of such a new currency would be challenging , it could surely be worth it .
Unfortunately , once one looks behind the curtain of the system , one conclusion seems inevitable : it was deliberately designed as a pyramid scheme to enrich early adopters , not as a currency to trade goods and services .
This Quora discussion explains it at some length , but basically , because a ) the total currency supply is limited , b ) it gets harder and harder to mine bitcoins over time , there ’s now a small elite of bitcoin owners .
The wealthiest own hundreds of thousands of bitcoins .
Nobody will match them in wealth at this point without a prohibitive investment of money and time , and the gap between rich and poor will continue to widen indefinitely as a new bitcoin owner must spend dollars to purchase mere fractions of a coin ( or contribute to its growing ecological footprint by becoming a “ miner ” who wastes computing cycles on the generation of coins ) .
Indeed , if exchange rates at sites like Mt. Gox ( link deliberately omitted ) are to be believed , there are already several theoretical bitcoin owners who would be dollar millionaires .
Unsurprisingly this has turned bitcoin into an investment and speculation vehicle above all else .
An example of the fantasy about future wealth that bitcoin owners indulge in is this thread in the bitcoin forums , “ The $ 1000 Bitcoin “ .
Simply put , the theory is that , as goods and services offered for bitcoins expand , while the supply remains almost constant , the value of coins will keep increasing , enriching early investors .
Bitcoin defenders argue , of course , that the early investors should be rewarded for their risks in trying out and promoting bitcoins , and that this is simply the normal growth of a new business .
Even at face value , a global metacurrency that renews social inequity at an extraordinary scale should raise flags for anyone concerned about the promotion of social justice .
Regardless , this is a tacit admission that bitcoin does n’t serve first and foremost as a currency , but as an investment vehicle that ’s designed to enrich the few at the expense of the many .
The facade of a currency is part of the confidence trick , one which every investors is incentivized to help maintain .
Meanwhile , Bitcoin ’s elusive inventor is laughing all the way to the brick - and - mortar bank .
And while it ’s important to not feed into fear , it does seem that one other group besides speculators and enthusiasts that ’s likely to get excited about bitcoin is made of criminals who are looking for simple mechanisms to launder money or to trade in illegal goods and services .
For money laundering in particular , the growing network of exchanges seems to offer plentiful opportunities for mischief .
To be sure , it ’s a fascinating story to watch unfold , and likely one that will find its way into the history books .
The real question to me is what ’s going to be the first nail in the coffin of the bitcoin experiment : an internal economic collapse , a software failure , government shutdowns of exchanges , or the association with illegal activities ?
Whatever it is , I hope the idea of a global Internet currency will live on .
Just like many scams out there beeper bucks also claims to Earn as much $ 1000 with little or no effort .
The main concept of this system is a ...
This lecture was delivered at Boston College in 1983 to a small group for a series entitled " Philosophic Perspectives " .
It was intended to explore great philosophic works with a view to how they should be taught to undergraduates .
The theme of the seminar was conceived in light of the decline & fall of liberal education in the University .
In this lecture Bloom discusses Nietzsche 's rejection of liberal democracy , contemporary nihilism , the Last Man , and the Will to Power .
Bloom lays special emphasis on the obstacles modern students have in accepting or appreciating Nietzsche 's attack on liberal nihilism .
He also addresses the Left 's misappropriation of Nietzsche 's thought .
In order to follow this lecture carefully it is particularly useful to have Zarathustra 's speech on the Last Man on hand , as Bloom interprets its meaning here .
See also Bloom 's important " 4 Lectures on Socrates . "
Note that this lecture is divided into 2 Parts , both of which can be downloaded below .
Addeddate 2008-02-26 07:36:41 External_metadata_update 2019-04-12T15:14:10 Z Identifier AllanBloomNietzscheLecture
Dirt Lab Audio internet radio is now offline
Thank you to everyone who has supported us over the last 11 years as Dark Wax Radio / Dirt Lab Audio - it 's been epic !
KEEP IT DARK
Dirt Lab Audio 2007 - 2018
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
I ’m guessing Robert Scheer wrote his Truthout piece praising Rand Paul as “ a principled libertarian in the mold of his father , Rep. Ron Paul , R - Texas ” ( “ …we need more of that impulse in the Congress ” ) before the media firestorm over Paul ’s long - standing and not -exactly - secret opposition to the l964 Civil Rights Act , as well as the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Act.
Although Paul now says that he believes Congress was right to bar segregation in private businesses , his original position is what you ’d expect from someone who basically believes private - property rights and business interests trump all and the market will fix any pesky problems .
Ergo , Barack Obama is “ un - American ” to criticize BP for the oil spill in the gulf .
On Good Morning , America , Paul dismissed the recent deaths of two miners in a collapse at non-union Kentucky mine that had received 840 safety citations in the past year : “ Maybe sometimes accidents happen . ”
So much for the anti-corporate rhetoric Scheer admires in Paul .
Ad Policy
As a libertarian , Paul theoretically wants to limit the government ‘s power to do very much of anything — so it ’s not surprising that his views coincide with those of Scheer and other progressives on a few items , like the Iraq War , bank bailouts and the Patriot Act .
There ’s one area , though , in which Paul apparently wants the government to play a much bigger role : your womb .
Women can forget about the “ privacy ” and “ liberty ” Paul touts on his website ; warnings against government encroachment on freedom do not apply to female citizens of Paul ’s back - to - basics Republic .
As per his website , we get the Human Life Amendment banning all abortion even for rape and incest , “ a Sanctity of Life Amendment , establishing the principle that life begins at conception , ” a funding ban on Planned Parenthood , and a ban on the Supreme Court taking up abortion - related cases .
No wonder he ’s been endorsed by Operation Rescue founder and general all - around sleazemeister Randall Terry .
As with many of Paul ’s statements and positions , you wonder if he ’s thought about them for more than two minutes .
How , after all , is a ban on abortion to be implemented except by a massive government intrusion into private and personal behavior ?
To say nothing of monitoring thousands of medical practices , clinics , hospitals and pharmacies — apparently the only businesses Paul would want to put under government oversight .
In countries where abortion bans are taken seriously , the prospect of performing even the most medically necessary abortion terrifies doctors and hospitals .
Law enforcement treats miscarriages as possible crimes .
Women and doctors go to prison .
How does a police officer showing up at a patient ’s hospital bed to question her as a possible murderer , with a mandatory investigation of the premises of the alleged crime — her vagina and uterus — square with libertarianism ?
Like his support for increased Medicaid payment to physicians , a profession he just happens to follow , the exceptions to Rand ’s libertarianism miraculously track his own preferences .
Somehow the market , which is supposed to miraculously produce food that does n’t poison you , cars that do n’t explode , oil wells that do n’t pollute and mines that do n’t collapse , is useless when it comes to forcing women to stay pregnant against their will and making sure doctors make plenty of money .
I ’ve always thought libertarianism was juvenile .
Thanks to Rand Paul — and contrary to Scheer — I know now it ’s also unprincipled .
The following is a transcript of a talk given in New Zealand , 2010 .
Andrew Tridgell discusses why reading patents is usually a good idea , how to read a patent , and how to work through it with a lawyer to build a solid defence .
For the free software community , Tridgell also suggests how cooperation could help scare off patent holders .
Video " 50091 " available via : mirror 1 ( Aus ) , mirror 2 ( Aus ? ) , mirror 3 ( Ger ) , mirror 4 ( North Am ) , mirror 5 ( NZ ) .
Andrew Tridgell is an award - winning software developer , primarily known for the Samba fileserver and printer sharer .
Transcript by Ciaran O’Riordan , End Software Patents .
Start
Andrew Tridgell : Okay .
So , I ’m going to be talking today about patent defence for free software developers , and , as it says on the slide there , I am not a lawyer , but , the point of this talk is not to have a talk by a lawyer .
The point is to learn about how an engineer interacts with patent attorneys , to teach you the basics of language and the day - to - day you do when you try to communicate with patent attorneys in building patent defence .
So that ’s the first part of this talk .
The first part is a bit like a tutorial how an engineer interacts with patent attorneys to do analysis of patents .
The second part of it is a discussion on how the free software community can lower its exposure to patent attacks .
This is something I ’m quite passionate about , I am concerned that patent attacks on the free software community are going to become more common in the future , and I believe there are things that we can do as a community , as developers within the community , to lower our exposure to those attacks .
That ’s the aim of the second part of the talk .
Okay , so , patent lawyers are shy creatures .
The closest animal I can really think of would be a platypus , and the platypus are shy , industrious creatures .
It ’s hard to spot one in the lagoon , but they do a lot of work under the water .
I did n’t manage to find a nice image of a shy platypus , so I did n’t put one up for you .
Getting time with a patent lawyer can be quite difficult , particularly if you do n’t have them available at whatever company you work for .
There are resources within the free software community where you can talk to places like the Software Freedom Law Center and get in touch with patent lawyers .
I think it ’s important to have some understanding of some of the basics so that when you do need to communicate with members of the legal fraternity , you can communicate reasonably efficiently and get across the knowledge that you have , to them .
Patent defence actually starts with engineers .
It starts with developers .
The patent attorneys are there to validate and to guide .
You might think of the a bit like the " lint " program which would validate your c code for common programming errors .
A patent attorney will validate the analysis that an engineer does .
But , even though patent attorneys often have engineering degrees — they often are quite good programmers — they probably do n’t know your code , and your code is going to be a horrendous , complex spaghetti lump of code , because that ’s what code is like .
So , your code , you understand it , you are the one who has to be able to explain in the appropriate terminology whether your particular code matches or does n’t match some patent that is out there .
And in order to do that you have to understand some basics of the structures of patents , you have to understand how to communicate your knowledge of your code to somebody who can then guide you on whether you have an issue or not .
Okay , so where do you start ?
You need to learn to read patents .
And that does n’t mean just the abstract .
In fact , many people in the free software community , a lot of discussions on sites like Slashdot , people stop at the title .
And they think that based on the title they can say " Ah , that was done by the FooHits Corporation in 1925 , therefore it ’s not a problem " .
Right ?
And it does n’t work like that .
You ca n’t stop at the title , you ca n’t just stop at the abstract .
The whole idea of saying that it ’s not a problem because somebody else did it previously , the so - called " prior - art defence " , that is a defence that will cause these shy platypus - like creatures to cringe because the prior - art defence is extremely difficult to pull off .
Really hard .
The defence you want to go for is something called a " non-infringement defence " , which I ’ll explain in a minute .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
Okay , next thing : is it dangerous to read patents ?
Now , a lot of people make this statement saying you should n’t talk about patents , you should n’t read patents because it ’s dangerous to do so .
Who can tell me why ?
What is the basis for that statement ?
Audience member : Triple damages .
Andrew Tridgell : Triple damages .
Right .
Okay .
In the free software community , imagine you have a little project , say , ccache , my little compiler caching project .
If you ’ve got one lot of damages for patent infringement , what would happen to the project ?
It ’s dead .
If it gets three lots of damages for patent infringement , what happens to the project ?
It ’s still dead .
For most free software projects — not all there ’s some that have the resources and could sustain a patent infringement damages type case — the vast majority of projects in your average distro , one death is enough .
So in that case , do you walk blindly across the minefield in the hope that the blindfold will protect you from the shrapnel , or do you actually take it off and have a look and step around the mines ?
I propose that for most FOSS projects , stepping around the mines is the right way to go .
Not all companies agree , and this does n’t apply to all projects .
Some of the larger projects , some of the projects with more corporate relationships , this may not be applicable to .
So , what I ’m going to do now is , I ’m going to go through some key terminology in dealing with patents .
Just to give you some of the basics .
And once you ’ve got some of the basics , I am going to actually show you a patent .
I ’m going to put up a warning slide before it comes up , so if you ’re in a company that does say " never look at a patent " , you can flee the room at that point .
Run out or cover your eyes or whatever .
Somebody can tap your shoulder when the patent is no longer visible .
So , the key terminology that you need to know : the first thing is what types of defence , what types of arguments can you make to defend yourself against the potential patent claim .
Now , a patent claim does n’t mean that somebody ’s necessarily launched a law suit .
An example is , I was in a carpark with another company ’s — I wo n’t particularly name — executive .
He happened to be giving me a lift to a venue at a conference and he happened to mention vaguely to me , " Oh , I think you might be violating such - and - such a patent on such - and - sucha " which happened to be one of his patents .
Right ?
He ’s told me .
Very unsubtle , but he told me .
Now , at that point I have to be careful .
I have to make sure that all my patent defence for that patent has been put in order .
I have to make sure that I am absolutely certain that we are in the clear on that patent , because one death is enough for a free software project .
So you ’ve got to get it right .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
So , at that point I need to make sure my defence is right .
What types of defense can I arrange ?
This does n’t mean hiring boydguards .
That ’s not the type of defence I ’m talking about .
Might work in some countries , not in the sort of countries I tend to deal with .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
That first type of defence is really the one you want , it ’s called : non-infringement .
And that is : " we do n’t do that .
The patent says X , we do n’t do X , therefore go away , sue someone else , it ’s not relevant for us " .
That ’s the defence you want .
If you can demonstrate really strongly that you do not do that , then you ’re in the clear .
And you wanna make sure that you demonstrate it really clearly .
And if this is a patent that you really have to be concerned about , you really have to check your arguments with a patent attorney , but , that is the argument you want to be aiming for .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
Next one , prior art : someone did that before .
Someone else has done that before .
Before what ?
Before the priority date for the patent , which is actually , in many countries , a year before the patent was filed or even earlier in some cases .
I ’ll be talking about that later in the talk , about priority dates .
Basically the argument is : somebody else did that before .
It ’s a very , very tricky argument to get right .
Extremely tricky , and it is the most common argument bandied about in the free software community .
And if you see it in the primary defence against a patent , you should cringe because it is an extremely unsafe way of doing things .
You ’ll see why as we go through examples .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
Invalidity , which is really just variant of prior art , ah " you ca n’t claim that !
you ca n’t do that ! "
That ’s the invalidity type argument , which is very strongly related , a very close relative to prior art type arguments .
They ’re really a variant of each other .
And that borders on the almost impossible .
That ’s a matter of : you better have some pretty high - powered attorneys on your side who are willing to spend mega bucks , and , ah , maybe you better be where the judges are pliable or something , I do n’t know .
You really … that is hard .
It ’s been done , but people write papers about it in law journals when it happens .
Y’know , it ’s not really that common .
So , next key terms you need to understand in order to understand about these types of defence is : independent versus dependent claims .
A patent has lots of different parts .
The most important part of a patent is a series of claims , and that is the part that the patent holder is actually claiming the monopoly on .
That ’s the part where they ’re saying : " we own this idea " .
And that ’s what the patent office has said : " yeh , we ’re going to give them that idea , they own that idea " .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
Now , a dependent claim is a claim that references an earlier claim .
It might be , say , the second claim in the patent which says " Just like in claim # 1 , but with this extra bit " .
That ’s a dependent claim .
An independent claim is a claim that does n’t … that stands alone by itself and does n’t say " like that other claim , with something else "
Now , the key thing about this — and I ’m going to give some nice examples of dependent / independent claims in a minute , so if you ’re feeling baffled , there will be some simple examples — for a non-infringement defence , you only have to care about the independent claims .
Rigth ?
So if there ’s , say , fifty claims in the patent , there might be two independent claims and they might in fact be very similar .
That ’s very common .
You only have to look at those two for a non-infringement argument .
If you do n’t do the independent claims , you cannot do the dependent claim because a dependent claim is : the independent claim plus something else .
Okay ?
For prior art , or invalidity , you must annihilate every claim in the patent completely .
That ’s really , really hard .
They start off easy , perhaps , at the beginning of the patent .
By the time you get to the end of the patent you ’re really scratching your head trying to line up the precise prior art .
And , that ’s largely the reason why a patent attorney will wince if you think , if he thinks the only possible defense you ’ve got is prior art .
Okay , there are some cases where prior art is a little bit better , and I ’ll go into those a bit later in the talk .
Audience member :
If you manage to disprove an independent claim , does that automatically disprove all the dependent claims ?
Andrew Tridgell :
You do n’t disprove claims .
It ’s not about disproving a claim .
It ’s a matter of having an argument — if it ’s non-infringement defence you ’re going for — then if you have an argument that says you do n’t do the independent claim , then automatically you cannot do the dependent claim .
Right ?
This is where the example …
I ’ve got a nice , simple example .
Those of you with kids will hopefully appreciate the example .
So , at this point , we ’re going to start looking at examples .
Those of you who are under strict orders never to look a patent in the eye , should leave now .
Okay ?
Or cover your eyes .
Alright , so , first example patent is " NZ9647631 : A large red car " .
File on the 22nd of January 2010 , here .
The abstract for this patent …
So this patent consists of a number of pieces .
We have a filing date up here .
This one .
[ highlights " Filed : 22nd Jan 2010 " ]
That filing date is a hint towards the priority date of the patent .
Now , the priority date is the date at which prior art cuts off .
So , if you are going to make a prior - art defence , then you have to find stuff that is earlier than the priority date .
The priority date …
You should probably start with that date minus one year and one day .
So what date would that be ?
Twenty - first of january 2009 .
Start with that .
Start with the assumption that if anything that you are trying to use as prior art is after January 21st 2009 , then forget it .
But if it ’s before that , then there ’s a chance and that ’s where you need to pin down the priority date more precisely .
But then it depends upon jurisdiction and various other rules .
And that ’s where , if it matters , if the precise date matters …
And it also depends on continuations , is this patent a contiuation of an earlier patent ?
Did somebody file a patent and then give up on it and then start a new patent based on the earlier one , they might get the earlier date .
So , that ’s where you may need some legal advice just to work out what that date is .
But , if you ’re going down that route and you ’re caring about priority dates , that immediately implies that you ’re caring about prior art , so you ’re already on dangerous ground .
So , the abstract , which is really just a vague setence or two about the general area .
Do not just stop at the abstract .
The abstracts are often very different from the actual claims .
This is where Slashdot tends to get stuck , because they start on the abstract .
So , the abstract for this one is " A transport system for entertainment of children " .
Ok , let ’s go on to the claims .
Now , between the abstract and the claims , there ’s usually a whole lot of other stuff .
Now , I ’m skipping it .
When you ’re reading a patent , usually you should skip it too .
You come back to it later .
It does matter , all that stuff in between .
All the diagrams , and the description of the invention , and the typical usage , and all this other guff — which is often pages and pages and pages — jump past that , I would advise you .
Go on to the actual claims and come back to the descriptions and the diagrams in order to understand the terms in the claims .
That stuff in between is merely there to clarify the terms in the claims .
It is n’t the patent .
Now , that claims .
Here we are are down in the claims .
It typically starts with a wording something like " What is claimed is : " and then there ’s a series of claims .
Now , this here is an " independent claim " .
That ’s an independent claim , it does n’t depend on any other claims in the patent .
So that claim says :
" a red car , with shiny plastic panels Claim 1 ) A transport system consisting of :
Now , this has got three pieces to it .
The first piece , the " transport system consisting of " , that is called the " claim preamble " .
That introduces the area you ’re talking about .
That introduces what sets the scene for the rest of that claim .
You do n’t try and defeat the preamble .
You do n’t try and say " I do n’t do that " .
It ’s not something that you do , it ’s something that is .
It ’s a situation that you ’re in .
When you ’re trying to defend yourself through non-infringement by saying " I do n’t do this " , what you need to do is knock out these things here which are called the " claim elements " .
[ highlights " a red car " and " with shiny plastic panels " ]
So that ’s the claim elements , and there ’s two elements here and there ’s an implied " and " between these in this case , unless somebody actually sticks an " or " in , right ?
usually it ’s an " and " .
So this means there ’s these two elements , and imagine it ’s got , like a Python script : has to be a red car and it ’s got shiny plastic panels .
If you can demonstrate that whatever you do is n’t a red car or does n’t have shiny plastic panels , you ’re done .
That independent claim is gone .
You need to then write that up , and I ’ll show you how to write that up .
There ’s a particular way of writing up your analysis to pass on to somebody who can check the lint , like I said , compiler - checker type thing checking that you ’ve done it right .
There ’s a particular way of writing it up , a form called a claim chart , which I ’ll show you later in the talk .
Okay , so what you ’re trying to do with a non-infringement defence , is find claim elements that you do n’t do .
Audience member :
If , however , I can prove that I may be using a red car with plastic panels , but it ’s not a transport system under their definition , that does n’t matter ?
Andrew Tridgell : I do n’t think it ’s going to help you .
It might .
But , trying to do it based on the claim preamble is generally not the best thing to do .
… and this is of course a very badly written patent , one I made up last night .
It has n’t actually been filed yet with the patent office , and so it has n’t been through all the usual lawyering that one would expect of a full New Zealand patent .
But , yes , you would normally try to knock off the elements , not the preamble .
There may be an argument you could build up , but go first of all by trying to knock off the claim elements : highlighting claim elements that you can say " I do n’t do " .
So then we have down here … this is a dependent claim .
[ highlights : " Claim 2 ) The system of claim 1 , with multicoloured wheels " ]
So this is the system of claim 1 , in other words a red car with shiny panels , but it ’s also got multicoloured wheels .
So it ’s that thing plus this other thing .
Now , if you ’re not the first thing , if you ’re not a red car with shiny plastic wheels , you ca n’t be that and have multicoloured wheels .
It ’s just basic logic .
And that ’s the way the logic works .
You can notice this is a dependent claim because it starts with wording like " The system of claim 1 " , or similar wording .
And usually there ’s a hyperlink in something like Google or whatever if you ’re looking at it in a modern patent viewing system , you ’ll see it links back to the earlier claim .
That ’s a dependent claim .
For non-infringement argument , which is the argument you really want to make : forget them !
You ’re trying to knock off all the independent claims .
The dependent claims take care of themselves .
If you ’re not doing the independent claims , you ca n’t be doing the dependent claims , you ca n’t be doing the dependent claims .
So then there ’s a second dependent claim at the bottom , which is : " A system of Claim 2 … " building on the previous claim " also driven by a green dinosaur .
And hopefully you can now recognise what is being patented here .
Those of you who have small kids and watch Australian ABC television .
So , that is a really simple patent , and that ’s how you go through the process .
At this point , we ’re going to go off and have a look at a real patent .
Now , this is a patent that has been defused .
It ’s current , but it ’s been defused because it was part of the settlement out of the European Commission , where we got a universal licence for the whole free software fraternity and all third - parties , from Microsoft .
It ’s no longer a patent that is a great threat .
Plus , even before that , we had sufficient analysis to be completely confident that this was n’t a problem .
That ’s why , after talking to the appropriate people in the Software Freedom Law Center , that this was chosen .
Let ’s have a look .
So this is a real patent .
Notice that , first of all , it ’s a scan .
This is a 1998 patent .
A lot of them are scanned .
If you look at it , it ’s something like patents .
google.com , or one of the other patent searching things , they ’re often there as text .
Cut - and - pasteable text .
Real HTML .
You need to be careful .
The OCR process is not perfect .
You get real clangers occaisionally in the OCR .
If this is a patent that you care about , you do have to go back and check the PDF , look at it yourself and make sure some key term that you ’re relying on is not written differently in the original scan .
They can be different .
Okay .
Let ’s have a look at what this patent looks like .
So this is " a method for changing passwords on a remote computer " , and what we ’ve got down here is a priority date .
This is the date it was filed .
So January 12th 1996 it was filed .
So our first guess , our first estimate of the priority date is January 11th 1995 .
Now , it could be earlier than that .
It could be earlier based on continuations or other criteria but it ’s a good first estimate for prior art , if you ’re looking for prior art .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
It ’s got this bit over on the right which is the " Abstract " .
That bit over there .
And , you do n’t just read that .
You should read it .
I do find it useful reading the abstract , but do n’t stop at the abstract .
You are really doing yourself a major disservice if you just stop at that point .
It ’s got things like the references cited , down there .
And it talks about earlier patents .
That ’s very useful when you are trying to work out what the actual words in the claims mean .
A lot of the task of patent defence is about narrowing down , or working out the breadth of meaning of a particular set of words or phrase .
The previous patents that are declared in this can be extemely useful for that .
As can several other sources of information that I ’ll go through later on in this talk .
At this point , there ’s then a bunch of diagrams and things : skip them .
At this stage , skip them .
At this stage you jump right through and hidden deep inside the patent somewhere …
Oh , there ’s a " Background to the invention " , skip that too .
The Background to the invention really just helps you to define terms later , but you ’re not into the defining of terms yet because you do n’t yet know what terms you need to define .
And the Background to the invention will leave your head spinning , very likely , so you then might not be mentally capable of understanding the claims .
Right .
So let ’s keep going down and going down .
Down , down , down , down , and down .
And somewhere here , there ’s actually going to be a patent .
Here it is !
There we are there : " What is claimed is " .
Notice just how it stands out .
[ audience laughter ]
Right ?
They really want you to find this bit .
" What is claimed is " , and that ’s what really matters , and here it is .
And you can see there the first claim .
What ’s that first paragraph before the colon ?
What ’s that called ?
The " claim preable " , right .
There ’s your preamble .
You need to read that to understand the scope , the setting that you ’re dealing with , and then after the colon , comes what ?
And " independent claim element " .
A claim element , and because it ’s the first claim in the patent , it ’s pretty darn likely to be an independent claim .
Otherwise you ’ve got some funny loops in the patent .
So , the actual claim is " computing by the client a first message by encrypting a first status sequence " .
This is the point that you start taking notes .
What ’s a client , in this context ?
I mean , is it somebody who buys something ?
They ’re a client ?
No ?
Is it maybe something on a network ?
Talking about network client - server computing ?
Could that be it ?
Y’know , you start taking notes about what these words might mean , so you can actually translate that into your own terms of reference as an engineer in this field .
So , " … first message by encrypting … " — what is encryption ?
what does " encrypting " mean ?
Reversible encryption ?
Non-reversible encryption ?
A hashing ?
Y’know , what ’s included in that ?
And this is where you start … at the term you have to work out what the hell they ’re talking about , by " encrypting "
And you need to go and find out by reading other parts , other sections of the patent .
Look up in encyclopedias .
There ’s all sorts of things you can get information on what that might mean in this context .
The diagrams might help .
All sorts of things help .
Etc. etc .
And notice that within that , there ’s lots of different elements , and your job in building a non-infringement patent defence , is to highlight sequences of words that you do n’t do .
And , very often you only have to find one .
This is what people often do n’t understand about patents .
An engineer reading a patent usually reads it like he would go to a talk at LCA , and he ’ll talk about " oh yeh , the ext4 filesystem , just like the talk I heard on the ZFS filesystem at this other one " Patents tend to be more specific than that , usually .
Usually the terminology is more specific .
And just because 90 % matches , if the last 10 % does n’t : you do n’t do it !
If that 10 % … if you can really show you do n’t do one of those required elements : you do n’t do it .
And that ’s were a lot of the agro on Slashdot comes from .
People say " Ah , but somebody else did it in 1960 " — yeh , but they put a comma after it .
Right ?
They did something slightly different .
They were using MB4 and here ’s someone else that was using MB5 .
Whatever , there was a difference .
And if that difference is encoded in these claim elements , that matters .
And you ’ve got to communicate that .
It ’s your job not to just blow your stack at the whole patents system , y’know , and when you ’re writing up your patent defence , you ’ve got to encode that knowledge of the differences between what you do and what they did and what is in here … encode that in a form that a patent attorney — that has an engineering degree , very likely — can understand .
And that patent attorney needs to then look at what you ’ve written and say " yep , you ’ve got it .
Move on .
Next patent please "
Or the patent attorney might ask you questions , he might say " ahh , but did they do it in this way or that way ? " and you ’re going to say " oh , well , I ’m not certain . "
Back to the drawing board .
That ’s how patent defence works .
Ok , so they ’re the bits that really matter .
And you can see there , that that first claim goes over half a page , and then eventually comes onto the next page , where that first claim continues .
Then we get the second claim , over here .
This second claim over here is a dependent claim : " the method of claim 1 , wherein … " etc. etc. etc .
And so on and so forth .
That ’s how you go through a patent .
Moving back to the main talk .
You ’ve seen a real patent now .
You ’re all tainted .
Let ’s talk a little bit about prior art .
As I have said again and again , because it ’s important within this community to understand it , prior art is not a panacea .
It is very very hard to kill all claims .
Look at the length of that patent , look at the complexity of some of the claims .
You ’ve got to knock them off completely .
Not just one claim element but the lot .
It ’s like , a massive amount of work , if you can even do it .
Claims are also interpreted , very often , much more specifically than engineers expect .
If you are trying to make a prior art defence , then what you are trying to do is you are trying to make the claim terms as broad as possible .
If you are trying to do a non-infringement defence , you want the claims to be as narrow as possible .
Those two things are opposites .
And that ’s a very difficult thing to do .
There is a type of prior art that ’s a little bit better …
Audience member :
So if I ’m being sued by some patent , is it practical to do a combination of : I do n’t infringe these terms , and these extra ones are …
Andrew Tridgell : Maybe .
You ’d have to look at the specific case with a patent attorney on that , but you ’re on unsafe ground .
You ’re on very unsafe ground .
You ’re standing on one of the bogs in Rotorua .
Audience member :
If you can show that you are infringing on an earlier expired patent …
Andrew Tridgell : Right .
You would never say you would show you ’re infringing .
Audience member :
Well , not infringing , I ’m sorry .
You would be infringing if that prior patent had not yet expired .
Would that in fact be the… they could …
Andrew Tridgell :
My understanding is : no .
I ’m not enough of an expert to say absolutely , but usually , I think the answer would be no , and that that would n’t be sufficient .
That ’s basically a prior - art defence .
Audience member :
For your earlier Wiggles example , would I be able to say : " My panels are metal " ?
Or , " my car is green " , would they be non-infringement … ?
Andrew Tridgell :
If it says " a red car " and your car is green , that ’s… you ’re not matching that element .
Audience member :
It is that obviously simple ?
Andrew Tridgell : Yeh .
Audience member :
My panels are actually …
Andrew Tridgell : Your car is green .
It said " a red car " .
Your car is not the same colour as what it says .
It ’s a required element : red car .
You car ’s not red .
Okay , so , let ’s move on a little bit .
Invalidating a patent is also very hard , even if you ’re successful , patents can come back from the dead .
There ’s the famous case of the VFAT patents that were invalidated and came back .
The patent does n’t have a " final , it ’s really dead " sticker to put on a patent .
They have things called " final rejections " — a single patent can get six of them , and then it can still be back .
A real final rejection does n’t exist .
And of course , when it is resurected , it ’s even harder to kill — just like Buffy .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
You ’ve got also … you may need to read the file wrapper .
The patent office is not always incompetent .
They have often thought about prior art .
They often interpret claims very narrowly .
Let ’s show you what a file wrapper is .
A file wrapper is the record of the entire conversation between the patent office and the patent applicant .
Hundreds of pages of scanned letters and emails and things like that , going through the entire years and years of discussions .
Everything noted down in precise detail .
We see letters here where … the really interest bit is the letters from the patent office to the patent applicant , rejecting some of their claims , saying " I am rejecting claim 3 because the following prior art … " .
The file wrapper serves to narrow the meaning of the words .
Because , if the applicant responds to the patent office and says " Oh , but the word does n’t mean that , it really means that " — in order to try and wedge the patent through .
In doing so , they have narrowed the meaning of those words .
And they can narrow them extraordinarily narrow .
So reading the file wrapper can be a useful source of ways to narrow it .
It can also be useful for humour as well .
This is part of the VFAT patent reexamination , from the patent office , and I do n’t know what Microsoft was smoking when they sent that , but , I do n’t know what that chemical formula is !
Anyway , they make mistakes sometimes .
They ’re human .
Okay , so , what do the claims mean ?
You get hints on what the claims mean from several sources : descriptions of the claims , industry terminology .
It ’s not like code .
It eventually gets resolved at something called a markman hearing , where the judge , and the two sides get in front of the judge , and they decide exactly what something means .
That ’s called a markman hearing .
If you get to a markman hearing , you ’ve failed in your patent defence efforts .
Your supposed to knock things off … it ’s not supposed to go to court .
How many of you have done patent analysis with a patent attorney ?
A few ?
Okay .
How many have ended up going to court ?
Right , almost none .
So if you get to that stage , really , you ’ve flunked patent analysis .
You can also often have a bet both ways .
You can say something like , " if the claims were broadly interpreted , then it would be invalid due to X , X , X , but if it ’s narrowly interpreted , then we are not infringing " .
That sort of thing often comes up .
It ’s not ideal , but it often comes up .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
Okay , claim chart .
This is how to get yourself organised .
Unfortunately , I ’m running low on time .
A claim chart is a way of organising your defense arguments , and it ’s a way of communicating with patent lawyers .
What I ’ll do is , I ’ll just go straight to bringing up a claim chart .
Here ’s a claim chart .
This is a claim chart for that same patent , and this is my first draft as an engineer .
The lawyer had n’t seen this yet .
This is my first attempt , and I ’m looking at the patent and I ’m starting to analyse it .
All of the words of the claims are in the first column .
Every single word .
The reason every single word is there , broken out into the different elements , is you want to make sure you do n’t miss one .
Then there ’s matching : " server = could be samba 3 , maybe samba 4 , perhaps when running as a PDC , maybe " Y’know , it ’s notes on what it might mean .
What is a " server " in this case ?
What do the terms mean ?
What possible prior art , in this other column , what it could mean in somebody else ’s context , what other people did this sort of stuff .
This is how you take notes .
You might have a sketch of your defence up the top , as from an engineering point of view .
Has n’t been vetted by a lawyer yet , just your rough sketch .
You send this , these notes , to the patent attorney .
That ’s your first communication , one of your communications .
You might establish privilege first .
That ’s how you communicate : you write one of these things called a claim chart .
[ ↑menu↑ ]
Now I want to get on to the second half of my talk , which is going to be very brief , which is : what can we do ?
I believe that patents are unfortunately going to be more and more of a problem for the free software community .
The GPL , for I think very good reasons , requires extremely broad licensing if patents are ever licensed — if a licence is used as a reason why you can use a patent .
Requires extremely broad licensing .
Witness the Firestar patent that Red Hat licensed , but they licensed it for the entire community .
Unfortunately , that sort of licence also has a down side .
It was an extroadinary thing that Red Hat was able to do , but it also has a down side .
The down side is this : imagine you are a patent holder .
You ’ve got a patent here .
You want to try the waters out there with this patent , to see how much money you can make out of it .
What do you do with that patent ?
Well , you could … if you go to sue a company that is required to license the patent for the entire community , then if you convince them , then they ’ve got to pay you a licence fee for everyone .
The licence fee is going to be huge , right ?
And they have no choice .
They ’re required by the GPL to do broad licensing .
So that makes you potentially a very attractive target for the patent holder .
So how can we turn that around ?
How can we make ourselves a tough target ?
And I think it ’s very important that we be the toughest , meanest target for patents on the block .
We can do it , because we have something that other people do n’t .
We have a technical community that is really really good at the sort of logic of protocols you need to defend against patents .
If we can find a way to coordinate within that community to actually build the patent defence , then we can do something rather interesting : if any time somebody in a carpark mentions some patent and FOSS might violate it , jump on it !
Squash the living daylights out of it .
What do you do ?
You find a non-infringement argument .
You find a workaround .
If you find a workaround , then you shout it from the rooftops .
You publicise it .
What does publicising that workaround do ?
What does it do to the motivation of the people who own the patents ?
The people trying to make money out of these patents ?
If you publicise the workaround , then not only do they not get the licence fee from the free software community , they might stop getting the licence fees from the proprietary vendors as well because those proprietary vendors say " hmm , we do n’t have to pay $ 10 for a copy anymore , we can use this workaround the free software community has found " .
So that means that this person holding a patent , wondering who to strike first , wondering who to try this patent out on , will say : " if I try this out on a proprietary company and they find a workaround , they ’re going to keep it secret , because they want to keep it secret because they do n’t want other people to have the workaround because they want to be the only ones not paying the fee .
If we go after the free software community , they ’re going to advertise the workaround , we might lose our entire value of this patent .
We might lose the lot .
And it ’s expensive , getting patents , expensive maintaining them .
So they do n’t want to lose them .
That ’s where I want us to be as a community .
I want us to jump on patents , squash them , find workarounds — but rigourously , not the Slashdot way of the title and " Apple did it in 1915 " or whatever .
Not that sort of thing .
It ’s the type of serious analysis that I ’ve tried to show you how to do today .
I ’m sure that nearly everyone in this room is quite capable of doing this analysis .
You ’re the type of engineers that can do it .
You just need to be lead a little bit along the way , to start building up your knowledge of how to analyse patents .
The problem is that we ’re hamstrung by privilege .
This is something that I have n’t worked out how to solve .
Companies do n’t like their employees talking to other employees about patents .
For good reasons .
We need to find a forum where we can communicate without causing all the lawyers to have heart attacks , so that we can take advantage of our collective engineering knowledge to make ourselves a tough target .
If we can do that , we will be the meanest , badest guys on the block when it comes to patent defence , and nobody ’s going to be able to take us on .
Thank you .
[ applause ]
[ ↑menu↑ ] Questions ?
Anyone first , I do n’t mind .
Audience member # 1 : Let ’s say I had a patent on the red car you were talking about earlier …
Andrew Tridgell : You hold the patent .
Audience member # 1 : Yeh .
And let ’s say I did not like the Not Much Email project and I wanted to put them out of business …
Andrew Tridgell : Using the red car patent ?
Audience member # 1 : I could sue them using the red car patent and because they could not afford to get a lawyer and continue , I could put them out of business .
Andrew Tridgell : Nah .
People sometimes say that on the red car and sue some mail client .
It just wo n’t happen .
Any example of anyone ever doing that ?
They ’d just get laughed out of court .
The judge would say " Go away " — might even slap a fine on them .
Audience member # 1 : Well , SCO is a perfect example , completely invalid lawsuit …
Andrew Tridgell : Nah , they did n’t do that .
That was n’t a patent law suit .
It was n’t anything like that .
That type of threat … maybe in other areas , perhaps , there ’s this thing " slapsuits " , but in patents it ’s unknown as far as I ’m aware .
I ’m not aware of any cases like that .
If you ’re aware of an actual case that has happened somewhere in the world like that , let me know .
Until one has happened somewhere in the world , I would n’t consider it to be a real concern .
Also , there are legal resources in the free software community .
The Software Freedom Law Center , Linux Foundation , others .
They have patent attorneys available .
There is plenty of legal resources out there for a real threat like that .
If NotMuch got sued over the red car patent , then some lawyer on his weekend would write a letter and it ’s gone .
It ’s just not an issue .
Audience member # 2 : More of a comment than anything else , just , in New Zealand , the 1953 Patents
Act still does n’t really provide a facility to access the file wrapper .
And , that ’s just something for people in New Zealand .
Andrew Tridgell : Even buying the file wrapper ?
You ca n’t buy the file wrapper ?
Audience member : No .
Andrew Tridgell :
You may find that the file wrapper is available …
Very often , patents are filed in many jurisdictions .
It would be quite unusual for a patent only to be filed in New Zealand , but might be in thirty or forty jurisdictions around the world .
One of them might provide the file wrapper sufficiently .
And , in particular the US one .
The US Patent Office site itself you can get file wrappers .
Delphion is very good .
You can sign up for a free account on Delphion and you can purchase file wrappers one at a time , a couple of hundred bucks a throw , for a file wrapper .
Most of the time you do n’t need the file wrapper .
I wanted to show you a way you can go if you need to define terms , but for the vast majority of patents I ’ve analysed , I ’ve never needed the file wrapper .
And when you do want one , it might cost a couple of hundred bucks , but if you ’re spending weeks of your time on that patent , it ’s worth a couple of hundred bucks to buy the file wrapper .
And somebody else might buy it for you .
Just ask on a mailing list — " can you buy me the file wrapper for this patent ? "
Or , I might not do that on a mailing list , but you might go talk to SFLC and get them to buy you the file wrapper .
Next question ?
Oh , we ’re out of time ?
So , if anyone else wants to ask me questions , then we can meet up outside .
We need to get on with the next talk .
So , thank you very much .
[ applause ]
END .
End Software Patents note :
You can assist campaigns against software patents by contributing to the en.swpat.org wiki .
JERUSALEM —
A recently amended military order that allows Israel to remove people from the West Bank if it does not recognize their legal status could lead to the expulsion of thousands of Palestinians , Israeli human rights groups warned Sunday .
The amendment — to a 1969 order on dealings with those judged to be infiltrators of the West Bank — was signed by military officials last October and is due to take effect on Tuesday .
In the original document , issued two years after Israel captured the West Bank from Jordan in the 1967 war , “ infiltrator ” was defined as a person who entered the area illegally from a neighboring Arab country .
The amendment redefined the term to refer broadly to anyone who entered the West Bank “ unlawfully ” or who “ does not lawfully hold a permit . ”
The permit required is not specified .
“ The wide definitions are the problem , ” said Elad Cahana , a lawyer for HaMoked : The Center for the Defense of the Individual , one of 10 groups appealing for a delay on the change in the order .
The group estimated that tens of thousands of Palestinians could theoretically be at risk .
Today 's existing home sales report from the National Association of Realtors was encouraging in sales and prices , but not so much in inventories .
The Realtors reported a boost in raw inventory , although the quicker sales pace pushed the month 's supply number lower ( 8 months from 8.5 ) .
But the Realtors do n't count the shadow inventory of foreclosed properties , which we know are out there in increasing numbers right now .
Also not mentioned was the FHA increasing its upfront premium April 5 .
Some analysts believe that people were rushing to get in on FHA loans , and that , along with the tax credit may be artificially raising the numbers now .
But then again , what 's artificial in today 's housing market ?
All the numbers are so deranged right now .
Even the exalted S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Index folks — who had been pushed to report monthly price numbers with seasonal adjustments , even though year over year is far more accurate — put out a note this week saying that even their monthly seasonal adjustments were no good .
After reviewing the data , the S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Index Committee believes that for the present time , the unadjusted series is a more reliable indicator of U.S. housing trends than the seasonally adjusted series .
Therefore , the committee suggests that reports " should focus on the year - over - year changes in U.S. home prices where seasonal shifts are not a factor , and if monthly changes are considered , that the unadjusted series should be used . ”
The trouble is that government stimulus coupled with an unusual mix of buyers in the marketplace are skewing all comparisons .
Home sales are increasing on both the low and the higher end of the market .
I 'm just not sure what exactly I 'm supposed to compare today 's housing market to .
Questions ?
Comments ?
RealtyCheck@cnbc.com
U - Va. student charged in Love 's slaying
By Washington Post editors
UPDATE :
A University of Virginia men's lacrosse player from Chevy Chase and the Landon School has been charged with first - degree murder in the death of a women 's lacrosse player at the school , Crime Scene reports .
George Huguely .
( Linda Davidson / The Washington Post )
George Huguely , 22 , is charged with killing Yeardley Love , also 22 , of Cockeysville , Md. , police said .
Both are seniors .
Yeardley Love. ( Courtesy of Virginiasports.com )
Charlottesville Police Chief Tim Longo said officers responded to a call at about 2:15 Monday morning for a possible alcohol oversdose at Love 's apartment but once there " the obvious physical trauma to her " led them to start a homicide investigation .
He declined to say what the nature of the injuries were .
Longo said police have no other suspects in the case .
UVa .
lacrosse player charged with murder
12:42 p.m .
A University of Virginia lacrosse player from Chevy Chase , Md. has been charged with first degree murder in the death of a fellow student and lacrosse player , The Daily Progress reports .
George Huguely , 22 , has been charged in the death of Yeardley Love , also 22 , of Cockeysville , Md .
Police have not determined a cause of death , but Love 's body showed physical trauma .
Huguely and Love are both fourth - year students , Huguely played on the mens team ; Love played on the women 's team .
Huguely attended the Landon School in Bethesda , where he also played lacrosse .
He was interviewed by the Post in 2006 , shortly after allegations of sexual assault and racist behavior were made against members of Duke University 's men 's lacrosse team .
Five of Duke 's players that year had graduated from Landon .
All charges against Duke 's team members were dropped .
" I sympathize for the team , " Huguely said of the Duke players .
" They 've been scrutinized so hard and no one knows what has happened yet .
In this country , you 're supposed to be innocent until proven guilty .
I think that 's the way it should be . "
Neither Robinson Bordley , the Landon School 's lacrosse and football coach , nor Drew Johnson , the school 's athletic director , were made available to comment , according to Post reporter Steve Yanda .
A Landon communications officer said no one at the school would have any comment on Huguely until the criminal investigation had run its course .
Phone messages left at the respective residences of Marta Murphy and George Hughley III , Huguely 's mother and father , were not immediately returned .
The American Chestnut Story
Sam Cox , 1997
Table of Contents
INTRODUCTION
HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN CHESTNUT
HISTORICAL ACCOUNT OF THE CHESTNUT BLIGHT
BIOLOGY OF THE FUNGUS SPECIFICITY OF CHESTNUT BLIGHT
EARLY EFFORTS AT BREEDING RESISTANCE
RECENT BREEDING EFFORTS - THE BACKCROSS METHOD
The Backcross Method Diagram
HYPOVIRULENCE IN CHESTNUT BLIGHT
CONCLUSION
LITERATURE CITED
INTRODUCTION
Once beautiful and abundant , the American chestnut tree covered huge tracts of land across the eastern United States for thousands of years until a fungus from Asia decimated virtually every tree standing on North American soil .
Will future generations ever have the opportunity to see forests of this gracious tree again ?
Only through diligent efforts by man can the tree make a comeback in the forseeable future .
This paper examines the possibility of just such a comeback .
HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN CHESTNUT TREE
The American chestnut tree , Castanea dentata , is a member of the family Fagaceae , closely allied to oaks and beeches .
Its natural range before 1900 stretched from the coasts of Maine and Ontario to the coasts of Georgia , west through the mountains and highlands to Alabama , and north to the plains of Indiana and Illinois ( 8 ) .
The chestnut tree of America comes from a small genus of only four North American trees , including the chinquapin tree .
It grew to be a very large tree , up to a hundred feet in height and four feet in diameter .
The leaves are very distinctive , long and narrow with parallel veins leading to large serrations on the leaf margin .
The hallmark of the American chestnut was , of course , the edible nut .
Suitable for roasting over an open fire , street corner vending , or stuffing a Thanksgiving turkey , the American chestnut was in high demand .
Despite being smaller than its European counterpart , the nut enjoyed the benefit of superior taste .
It was therefore a fairly important crop species in the U.S. , especially to the farmers in the Appalachian Mountains where the chestnut grew to its most impressive dimensions .
In addition to the commercial value from the nuts it produced , the American chestnut tree also was the primary provider of tannin , a compound used to treat and cure leather .
Without question it was one of the more desirable hardwood timber species .
Its trunk grew straight and thick .
Lighter than oak , and yet just as strong , the wood split easily down the grain .
This , combined with its terrific rot resistance , made it ideal for telephone poles , fencing and building materials .
Many a lumber man 's fortune was made at the cost of the chestnut tree .
The leaves of this tree are also said to have had medicinal values .
But overshadowing all the economic values of the tree was its simple beauty .
The chestnut tree made a grand and graceful tree in maturity , and was used throughout the east as a welcome landscaping addition .
It lined the avenues of the famous Bronx Zoo. Thomas Jefferson planted these trees on his Monticello estate ( 4 ) .
The founder of the famous Du Pont company grew chestnut trees on his estate and gave them to friends as well ( 4 ) .
The list goes on .
In the forest , the chestnut tree was prominent and abundant , making up 25 % of the forest in many areas ( 2 ) .
In the hills of the central Appalachians , the chestnut tree grew solid , and covered miles and miles of rolling hills with its distinct leaves and long , white catkins .
The wildlife enjoyed the benefits of the trees ' nuts as well .
Bear , deer , squirrels , wild turkeys and even the once - tremendous flocks of Passenger Pigeons all benefited from the heavy nuts .
Since its sudden disappearance from eastern forests , no other tree has filled its niche , and the ecosystem has teetered on instability ever since ( 2 ) .
HISTORICAL ACCOUNT OF THE CHESTNUT BLIGHT
Shortly after the turn of the century , in 1904 , curators of the Bronx Zoo in New York noticed an unusual malady afflicting the magnificent chestnut trees lining the avenues of the zoo .
Symptoms of this malady included wilting leaves , large cankers with rupturing bark , sprouts below the cankers and shortly thereafter , death of the tree 's trunk and upper limbs ( 11 ) .
In 1907 and 1908 , trees in the New York Botanical Garden exhibited the same symptoms .
Before anyone knew what was happening , the mysterious infection spread by unknown means to chestnuts throughout New England , decimating entire forests in a few short years .
By 1906 , the blight was reported to be in New Jersey , Virginia and Maryland .
Spreading as far as 50 miles a year , the blight worked its way across the east , killing virtually every chestnut tree in its path ( 9 ) .
By the time the blight reached the forests of Pennsylvania , the federal government , along with the state of Pennsylvania , were entrenched and determined to stop the blight .
Quarantine lines were set up in attempt to halt the march of the blight ( 5 ) .
All chemical control options were explored , but in vain .
The blight swept through Pennsylvania , outpacing quarantine lines , and continued on .
By 1950 , even the remote stands of the tree in southern Illinois were brought down by the blight .
Because the situation looked so bleak , lumber men scrambled to cut down the remaining chestnuts for their timber before they were infected and began to rot ( 10 ) .
This may or may not have ultimately impacted the results of the blight , but one can imagine a possible scenario where blight resistance was erased from the gene pool by eager and worried businessmen .
At the hands of the forces acting upon it , less than 50 years after its peak of commercial value , the tree was essentially gone .
It has been estimated that 3.5 billion trees were lost in the 40 year span from 1910 to 1950 ( 10 ) .
Millions of acres ( 3.6 million hectares ) of land that had once been shaded by the lofty , full boughs of the chestnut tree now stood empty , shadowed only by leafless , dead remnants ( 1 ) .
Estimates of financial loss for the year of 1912 from three states , Pennsylvania , South Carolina and West Virginia , totaled $ 82.5 million ( 1 ) .
Although the blight does not kill the roots of the tree , it does not allow the tree 's suckers to attain an appreciable height before reinfecting the trunks and killing them back to the ground .
These suckers grow into nothing more than a shrub ; a minor understory species outcompeted by other trees .
The suckers certainly never attain a maturity required to bear fruit , and so , the species would gradually slip into extinction if left alone .
In 1950 , the situation looked bleak indeed .
All of the once vast chestnut forests were gone , and no hybrid had yet been produced that combined resistance to the blight with the quality of the American chestnut fruit .
The only chestnut trees remaining were in scattered isolated groves planted out west by early settlers ( 10 ) , beyond the range of the blight , and a few groves back east kept alive through diligent applications of hypovirulence ( a virus of the fungus ) .
All of this devastation was attributed to a minute creature of another kingdom .
BIOLOGY OF THE FUNGUS
The blight that decimated the chestnut tree is a fungus , Cryphonectria parasitica , a member of the fungal group including such villains as Dutch Elm Disease , Peach Leaf Wilt , and other hardwood pathogens .
The fungal spores are borne either by wind or on birds and insects and enter the tree through cracks in the bark or through wounds caused by beetles or other animals .
The spores germinate into a parasitic fungus that grows beneath the bark .
The fungus mycelia grow in the cambium layer of the tree , the layer responsible for active growth and nutrient transport .
In response to the invasion , the tree forms callus tissue around the infected area in a maneuver designed at isolating the infection .
The cells of the tree that are isolated are essentially dead at that point , as the tree can never again use them .
The fungus defeats this response by growing faster than the tree can form callus tissue around it .
The barrier cannot be erected fast enough .
This callus tissue formed by the tree under the bark causes the outer bark to swell in a characteristic canker .
As the infection spreads through the cambium layer , so too spreads the canker spread .
Wherever the canker rises , that part of the tree is dead , and all parts above it are losing nutrients .
This canker eventually encircles the trunk and destroys the cambium layer completely , cutting off nutrients to the upper reaches of the tree .
In effect , the tree is girdled from the inside .
All tissue above this point of infection is choked off , and death occurs in about four days - frighteningly efficient ( 9 ) .
The tree responds to this by sending out shoots directly below the canker .
These shoots never live long due to the close proximity to the fungus .
They are quickly infected , and killed .
By this time , the fungus has entered its teleomorph , or fruiting body stage , and bright yellowish - orange fruiting bodies about the size of a pin head emerge from cracks in the rotting bark ( 10 ) .
The spores are then passed along on the slightest breeze to other trees .
Despite the destruction to the crown of the tree , the roots are never affected .
This allows the chestnut tree to send up suckers that may attain a height of ten to twelve feet before being reinfected by the fungus ( 10 ) .
This is a very fortunate condition of the tree .
Many trees do not have the ability to send up suckers .
The fact that the roots survive and are able to reproduce tissue above ground serves both to ensure that the tree will not face immediate extinction , and that researchers are provided with a reliable supply of germplasm on which to do their research ( 1 ) .
The fungus not only affects Castanea dentata , but other members of the Castanea genus as well , including the chinquapins in the eastern US , and even post oaks which are in the same family .
The infection of these trees does not usually kill them , but does serve to spread the disease to other chestnut trees .
SPECIFICITY OF CHESTNUT BLIGHT
Why does n't chestnut blight attack other trees as well ?
The blight attacks only members of the Castanea genus , and select members of the Fagaceae family .
Why ?
As explained by Dr. Jakobi of Colorado State University , it is dependent on the genetics of the tree itself .
The spores of Cryphonectria parasitica land on the wounds of many trees and germinate into the cambium layer .
The toxins produced by most trees are too powerful for the fungus to survive long .
The reason the fungus thrives in chestnut trees is that this tree is lacking the toxicity in a certain protein that other trees have .
The chestnut tree is genetically predisposed to the blight just as humans are genetically predisposed to AIDS , for example .
It is not known exactly which protein(s ) or compound (s ) is lacking in chestnut trees to cause this vulnerability to the blight .
EARLY EFFORTS AT BREEDING RESISTANCE
As the ultimate cause of the blight 's effects on the American chestnut , man may also be the ultimate salvation of the American chestnut .
Shortly after the isolation of the fungus , United States Department of Agriculture plant explorer Frank Meyer confirmed that the fungus existed in both Japan and China , and further evidence emerged of importations and mail order sales of Japanese and Chinese chestnut nursery stock into the U.S. by horticulturists from 1876 on ( 4 ) .
It seems likely that the blight had been accidentally imported by horticulturists .
This information led directly to the passage of the Plant Quarantine Act in 1912 which stopped the indiscriminate and hasty introduction of germplasm into the United States ( 1 ) .
Significant efforts are now made to ensure that such a disaster never happens again .
As scientists began to understand the nature of the fungus and its mode of infection , they increasingly resigned with great frustration to the conclusion that there was no stopping the blight .
Efforts shifted to the only option capable of saving the chestnut tree , and that was breeding a new , blight - resistant tree .
The obvious method was to cross American chestnuts with Asian chestnuts and evaluate progeny .
The blight will infect Chinese chestnuts , but is not lethal in them , causing only cosmetic damage ( 2 ) .
All chestnut trees can be crossed with ease ( 2 ) .
The difficulty arose in the physical differences between the trees .
The American chestnut is significantly larger than the Asian species , which are more of an orchard type tree ( 2 ) .
The ideal progeny had to have blight resistance coupled with the favorable traits that marked the American species .
The goal was to find at least one tree that could then be propagated clonally ( 4 ) .
These early breeding efforts were done by a multitude of groups , both public and private , and by amateurs as well .
Although hordes of cultivars were produced by dozens of breeders , none rivaled the stature and size of the American chestnut ( 4 ) .
The method ultimately proved too simple to be effective .
The United States Department of Agriculture funded an extensive breeding project that crossed American chestnuts with Asian chestnuts and then crossed the progeny in a myriad of ways and combinations in a hope of finding just the right cross ( 2 ) .
Again , success was limited and the genetics of the genes controlling resistance explain why .
Resistance has been found to be associated with at least two genes , possibly more ( 3 ) .
These two genes exist on different locci .
Also , the trait is incompletely dominant ( 2 ) , meaning that the genome must be homozygous for the resistance allele at both locci for the tree to be effectively immune .
Trees that are 3 / 4 dominant show slight resistance , but are not able to thrive in association with the virus .
Therefore , the crosses must ensure that the progeny receive ALL of the resistance genes from the Asian parent , and a significant amount of other genes from the American parent .
Knowing this , early breeders attempted to ensure full resistance by flooding the progeny with Chinese genes ( 2 ) .
The progeny from the initial cross were then crossed again to the Chinese parent , and again , and again and so on .
The resulting progeny were very blight resistant , but of course very Chinese - like as well ( 3 ) .
In 1960 , after many decades of fruitless research , the USDA pulled out of the search for a blight resistant chestnut tree .
Interest in chestnut breeding seemed to founder at this point , no doubt due to lack of funding .
RECENT BREEDING EFFORTS - THE BACKCROSS METHOD
After the USDA discontinued its program in 1960 ( 2 ) , the Connecticut program , begun by plant breeder Dr. Arthur Graves on his own land in Hamden in 1930 , became the leader in research on this front .
Today it is the longest running continuous breeding program for chestnut trees in the US ( 4 ) .
In 1983 , under renewed interest of the subject , the American Chestnut Foundation was founded in Virginia to attempt to produce a blight - resistant tree .
The current trend in breeding is the backcross method ( 6 ) , and it is actually quite simple in theory .
In fact , it is curious that this method was not tried decades ago .
The backcross method begins by crossing a Chinese parent with an American parent to produce an F1 that is 1/2 Chinese and 1/2 American .
The progeny are grown out for a couple of years and then inoculated with the blight to assay resistance .
Only those trees which show strong resistance to the blight are used for the next cross .
The second cross is actually the first backcross .
This involves backcrossing the surviving progeny to the American parent .
In effect , the crosses are aimed at flooding the genome with American genes .
The progeny from this cross , called BC1 ( backcross 1 ) are again assayed for resistance .
The BC1 generation has a genome composed of 3/4 American and 1/4 Chinese genes .
The survivors are backcrossed again to the American parent and produce a BC2 generation which has a genome of 7/8 American and 1/8 Chinese genes .
Resistance is assayed and the survivors are backcrossed a third time to the American parent to result in a BC3 generation which is 15 / 16 American and only 1/16 Chinese .
However , at each backcross that introduces new American genes , non-resistant genes are reintroduced into the system .
Continuously selecting only for the resistant types keeps the number of non-resistant genes low , but it is very difficult to distinguish between fully resistant trees and 3/4 resistant trees .
Therefore , after the three backcrosses , the progeny are selfed , or intercrossed .
The progeny of this cross are called BC3F2 ( backcross 3 generation 2 ) .
The intercross serves to expose the parents that are not fully resistant .
A cross between parents that are only 3 / 4 resistant will yield progeny that are only 1/2 resistant and very susceptible to the blight .
On the other hand , a cross between parents that are fully resistant will yield fully resistant progeny .
These progeny that are fully resistant are intercrossed again to ensure that all American type resistance genes have been eliminated from the gene pool .
This final generation is called the BC3F3 .
So , after 6 crosses , a tree is produced that is 15 / 16 American , yet retains full resistance to the blight .
Since it is homozygous for resistance , all of its progeny will retain the resistance .
The issue of diversity is an important one , after all , lack of diversity of resistance genes was what led to the destruction of the chestnut in the first place .
To ensure that the resulting gene pool is sufficiently diverse , the breeders in this program have used numerous trees from different locations and diversity ( 2 ) .
Active breeding is occuring in Connecticut , Indiana , Pennsylvania and Virginia incorporating local trees that will presumably be better adapted to those regions ( 2 ) .
Numerous Chinese parents have been , and will be , used as well to ensure diversity in the resistance genes .
Each generation of backcrossed trees requires six years to mature and produce nuts for planting .
Intercross trees can be evaluated earlier and require only 5 years to planting .
With six crosses in the project , the entire program should take 33 years to produce the first blight resistant chestnut ready for planting .
The initial crosses were made in 1977 .
This means that a fully blight resistant chestnut tree that is 15 / 16 American should be ready for planting in 2010 ( 2 ) .
That 's extremely promising news for a tree that has been conspicuously absent from the landscape for over 60 years .
Since the 15/16 American chestnut tree has yet to be produced , no one knows exactly what it will look like .
It is logical to conceive of a tree that is virtually identical to the original American chestnut tree , but no one knows for sure .
There are no standards across the breeding world for what qualifies as the same species after being crossed .
A beefalo is the name of a cow with at least 1/8 buffalo genes .
A soybean must contain at least 31/32 soybean genes or else it is not a soybean .
Scientists predict that a 15/16ths American tree will be indistinguishable from the original ( 2 ) .
THE BACKCROSS METHOD ( 3 )
Chinese x American ---- This produces an F1 .
|
|
|
|
F1 x American ---- This is the first backcross to the American and produces a BC1 .
|
|
|
|
BC1 x American ---- This is the second backcross to the
| American and produces the BC2 .
|
|
|
BC2 x American ----
This is the third backcross and produces a BC3 .
|
|
|
|
BC3 x BC3 ----
This is the first intercross which produces a BC3F2 .
|
|
|
|
BC3F2 x BC3F2 ----
This is the second intercross
which produces a BC3F3 .
|
|
|
BC3F3 ----
This is the final product ; a 15/16ths
American chestnut with resistance equal
to that of the Chinese parent .
American gene content at each generation :
F1 = 1/2
BC1 = 3/4
BC2 = 7/8
BC3 = 15/16
BC3F2 = 15/16
BC3F3 = 15/16
If a blight resistant chestnut tree were to be crossed with a wild tree , the resistance to the blight would be lost in the progeny .
If the blight resistant tree is introduced into the wild , this is a possibility .
American chestnut trees could cross with the blight resistant trees .
However , since no effective control for the blight has yet been designed ( 11 ) , pure American chestnuts almost never attain a maturity to be in a position to reproduce .
Therefore , unless the blight is eradicated , making the blight resistance a mute point , there is no worry of the resistance being diluted by sexual crossing in most areas of the wild .
What little crossing does occur will not impact the system much because the progeny will not survive ( being only 1/2 resistant to the blight ) .
An important question one may consider : How are American chestnut trees kept alive on farms in order to be a part of this breeding program in places like Connecticut and Pennsylvania where wild chestnuts still fall victim to the blight ?
The trees on the farm are kept alive by routine inoculations of " hypovirulence " , a strain of the pathogen that is not lethal , and tempers the blight to a point of causing only cosmetic damage ( 7 ) .
This is the subject of the next section .
HYPOVIRULENCE IN CHESTNUT BLIGHT
Roughly twenty five years after the blight infected the trees in North America , it was introduced into Europe , and quickly began infecting European chestnuts ( Castanea sativa ) with the same deadly results ( 1 ) .
However , shortly after the epidemic began , a promising new discovery was made when Italian pathologist Antonio Biraghi found chestnut trees living with blight infection .
His observations aroused the curiosity of Jean Grente , a French mycologist , who cultured out the isolates from these non-lethal strains and tested them on chestnut trees ( 1 ) .
The lighter pigmented strain almost never proved lethal to its host .
Jean Grente called the strain " hypovirulent " .
An important biological control for chestnut blight had been discovered .
Hypovirulence , although not a breeding technique , is highly significant in the efforts at breeding a blight resistant tree .
Without hypovirulence , healthy chestnut trees in their native areas would never stay alive long enough to be crossed with Chinese trees and produce resistant hybrids .
Therefore , it is important to the breeding effort .
Hypoviruelence is a condition any pathogen may have when it has somehow become less virulent than the expected normal level ( 7 ) .
In the case of the blight , the hypovirulence is caused by a virus that attacks the fungus cells ( 1 ) .
Infected fungus cells are not as virulent , exhibit different growth morphology , sporulate with less vigor and exhibit marked pigment reduction .
The tree infected with the hypovirulent strain can fight it off to a point that the tree will very rarely die .
The tree ends up fighting a " flu " rather than " pneumonia " .
What 's more , the hypovirulence is a cytoplasmic trait that is easily transmissible from one fungus cell to another through hyphal fusion , where cytoplasmic material is exchanged through a tube between two cells ( 1 ) .
Therefore , a virulent strain can quickly be made hypovirulent when put in an environment near hypovirulent cells ( 7 ) .
This is why a tree infected with the hypovirulent strain is usually not killed , even if the virulent strain of the fungus infects it as well .
The exact mechanism of the hypovirulence is not entirely understood .
Scientists have found a strong correlation between hypovirulence and dsRNA ( double stranded ribonucleic acid ) in the cytoplasm ( 7 ) .
dsRNA is characteristic of viruses .
It is dsRNA that a virus injects into the cell to infect it .
The hypovirulent strain seems to almost always contain this dsRNA in the cytoplasm while the virulent strain does not .
Passage of this dsRNA through hyphal fusion has been confirmed , as has the subsequent effect at decreasing the virulence of the blight ( 7 ) .
The virus is passed from cell to cell much like a human disease is transmitted sexually .
Furthermore , when the dsRNA from a hypovirulent strain is eliminated from the cell by complex techniques involving cyclohexamide , the strain becomes virulent ( 7 ) .
Some trees in Pennsylvania and in Michigan are actively growing despite blight infection ( 9,6 ) .
Cultured isolates of this strain show the same bright coloration of the virulent strain , yet behave like a hypovirulent strain , being less destructive and able to pass this quality on to other fungus cells ( 1 ) .
Today , over 30 chestnut stands , although severely damaged by the blight , continue to thrive .
The stands consist of mature trees , seedlings and saplings .
In a few Michigan stands , evidence of the blight has all but disappeared .
The location of these stands is outside the tree 's natural range , yet the significance of this is not clear ( 9 ) .
The dsRNA of the American hypovirulent strain was sequenced and compared to the European hypovirulence dsRNA ( 7 ) .
The sequences were genetically different , but had some terminal sequences in common .
dsRNA appears to be the reason for hypovirulence ; however , hypovirulent strains have been isolated that do not contain the dsRNA .
The significance of this discovery has not been explored ( 7 ) .
Theoretically , the effects of the blight could be nullified by widespread application of the hypovirulent strain .
This is exactly what saved the European chestnut .
Scientists applied hypovirulence to trees all over Europe and within 25 years , the threat was neutralized ( 7 ) .
The hypovirulent strain spread its depressed virulence by hyphal fusion to all the virulent fungi .
Nature had provided a seemingly perfect defense ; however , the same technique failed to work as well in North America ( 10 ) .
Today , so successful was the European chestnut recovery that the U.S. imports chestnuts from Europe ( 7 ) .
Why does n't the hypovirulence strain eliminate virulence in the U.S. ?
The answer hinges on the fact that many different strains of the blight had evolved in the 80 years before the tests with hypovirulence in the US . ( 6 ) .
Europe had only a few strains .
It appears that vegetative incompatibility between the different strains that have evolved halts the spread of the hypovirulence dsRNA ( 1 ) .
Without active hyphal fusion , the dsRNA is not passed along .
It is estimated that as many as 250 different vegetatively incompatible strains of the blight exist in the U.S. ( 9 ) .
To overcome this , scientists would have to isolate each and every strain , infect those strains with the hypovirulence virus , and then return those strains to the wild in order to spread the hypovirluence to all populations .
So far , only 70 strains are known ( 7 ) .
The procedure of inoculating trees with the hypovirulence was further reduced in effectiveness due to the extremely depressed sporulating qualities of the hypovirulent strain ( 7 ) .
Hypovirulent spores are produced in very small quantities from asexual production .
Since the hypovirulence is only a cytoplasmic condition , any sexual reproduction between hypovirulent strains and virulent strains produces all virulent progeny .
The virulent strains out - compete the hypovirulent strains , thus causing the hypovirulent strains to die off .
The low persistence of the hypovirulent strains requires that the trees be inoculated on a regular basis to avoid infection .
This is exactly what is done on research farms within the tree 's natural range ( 4 ) .
The simple approach used in Europe clearly has failed in the US , yet the possibility of manipulating hypovirulence for effective blight control is very real , and an exciting field of active research .
Molecular biology techniques have been employed in an effort to incorporate the hypovirus into the nucleus of C parasitica ( 6 ) .
The goal is to transfer the dsRNA responsible for hypovirulence into the DNA strands of the fungus genome inside the nucleus .
This would be a tremendous step in the dissemination of hypovirus because it would allow hypovirulence to be transmitted through sexual reproduction .
Since vegetative incompatibility barriers are not present in sexual fusion , the hypovirus would be free to spread to all strains ( 6 ) .
The progeny of a sexual cross between hypoviruent strains and virulent strains would be about 1/2 hypovirulent ( 6 ) .
CONCLUSION
The story of the American chestnut is an unfortunate tragedy , yet one that still retains hope for a happy ending .
Manipulations of hypovirulence could render the blight weakened and non-lethal .
Because chestnut blight does not kill the roots of the tree , sprouts that develop from the roots could grow into mature trees to once again fill the forests with chestnuts .
On the breeding front , the backcross method is proceeding smoothly and seems capable of producing a blight resistant chestnut tree that is nearly identical to the original American chestnut .
This would be an exciting breakthrough ; however , introduction of this tree into the wild and re-establishment of the tree as a forest species would prove difficult .
The answer to the chestnut problem may ultimately entail both of these methods .
The field of chestnut restoration is an exciting and fast - paced area of research .
After nearly 70 years of absence , the American chestnut is poised to make a comeback .
Literature Cited
1 Alexopuulos , C.J. and Mims , C.W. and Blackwell , M..1996 .
Introductory Mycology .
349-351 . John Wiley Sons , Inc. , New York .
2 American Chestnut Foundation .
1998 .
About The American Chestnut Foundation .
( http://chestnut.acf.org/about2.html)
3 American Chestnut Foundation .
Backcross Method Simplified .
( http://www.cheta.net/macgregor/journal/X1/9.HTM)
4 Angnostakis , Sandra .
1996 .
Chestnut Breeding In The United States .
( http://www.woodworking.com/magazine/mar96/chestnut/cnut8.html)
5 Peattie , Donald C. 1964 .
A Natural History of Trees of Eastern and Central North America .
189-190 . Houghton Mifflin , Boston .
6 MacDonald , William .
Biological Approaches to Chestnut Blight Control .
( http://www.main.nc.us/SERAMBO/BControl/chestnut.html)
7 MacDonald , William and Fulbright , Dennis .
1991 .
Biological Control of Chestnut Blight : Use and Limitations of Transmissible Hypovirulence .
Plant Disease 75:656- 661
8 National Audubon Society Field Guide to North American Trees . 1980 . 377-378 . Alfred A. Knopf , Inc. , New York .
9 Patel , Moneil .
1997 .
American Chestnut Blight and the Conservation of Chestnut Trees . ( http://mamba.bio.uci.edu/pjbryant/global/sen_sem/patel1297.html)
10 Pickett , Bob. 1997 .
Chestnut Blight .
( http://www.patc.simplenet.com/nat_hist.html)
11 United States Forest Service .
Chestnut Blight .
( http://www.rtp.srs.fs.fed.us/fhp/r8/idotis/diseases/chestnut.html)
The Big Idea : Mira Grant
Oh Noes !
It ’s the Zombie Apocalypse™ !
It ’s the end of the world !
Yes , yes , Mira Grant said , zombies , end of the world , blah blah blah .
Been there .
Done that .
Got the bloody t- shirt .
But what comes after the end of the world , when the world actually is still there ?
One answer : Feed , which takes a couple decades beyond the zombie apocalypse to a world which has , in its way , adjusted to the undead .
And Grant ( the pen name for current Campbell Award nominee Seanan McGuire ) does a pretty good job with it , according to a starred review in Publishers Weekly : “ Shunning misogynistic horror tropes in favor of genuine drama and pure creepiness , McGuire has crafted a masterpiece of suspense with engaging , appealing characters . ”
Well , then .
So how does it work ?
And how do you truly show a United States in which living and undead share the same country ?
Ms. Grant reveals all !
MIRA GRANT :
Feed is a book built around a single , simple idea that took two years to come together , largely because it was a lot more complicated than it looked .
What if the zombie apocalypse happened … and we survived ?
A little background :
I ’m a horror movie fanatic .
Some of my earliest memories involve watching The Blob and Alien in my family ’s living room .
Little Shop of Horrors was my favorite musical for years ( and has only recently been displaced by Evil Dead : The Musical ) .
So the rise of public awareness regarding the inevitable zombie apocalypse has been fabulous for me , especially since it means people do n’t look at me as oddly when I start assessing the zombie - preparedness of their homes .
But as time went on , I started getting really bothered by the fact that no one who wound up in a horror movie had ever seen a horror movie .
Scream and sequels aside , you ’d think that eventually people would learn not to date boys named Johnny , not to trust anyone with a machete , and to reliably shoot for the head .
But they did n’t .
I began toying with the question of what would happen if the horror movie really happened .
What if it happened in the real world , where everyone has had the opportunity to see a horror movie , or at least has a friend who ’s seen a horror movie ?
What would happen if the zombies came ?
There were really only two scenarios .
In one , all the horror movie knowledge in the world could n’t save us …and in the other , we ’d have to deal with something the movies never seemed to care about .
We ’d have to deal with after .
Because I could get to after , I had to put together a logical “ before , ” which meant having scientific , potentially survivable zombies .
Luckily , I ’m also a serious virology nut , and having me at the dinner table is frequently an exercise in “ Hey , wanna know what I learned about MRSA today ? ”
( Hint : The answer is “ no , ” especially if you ’re eating . )
Most viruses do n’t want to wipe out their host species , since without a host , the virus has nowhere to go but extinction .
Assuming we had viral zombies , it would actually be in the best interests of the virus that controlled them to find a balance , of sorts , between killing everyone and failing to spread itself in an efficient manner .
I literally spent about two years playing with my zombie virus , looking for that perfect balance , and constructing the society that would naturally spring up around an ongoing threat of zombie infection .
What would it do to funeral rites ?
To medical emergencies ?
In a world where everyone is just one bite away from becoming the enemy , how willing are people going to be to form lasting bonds with other people ?
Once I had my virus hammered out ( and survivable ) , it was time to figure out exactly how we were able to come through the apocalypse alive .
I decided that at first , the mainstream media would probably laugh the risen dead off as some sort of stunt — a mass zombie walk gone a little overboard , maybe — and that at least in the early days of the Rising , the Internet would be the only and most reliable source of information .
Bloggers and people on Twitter and message boards and a thousand chat rooms and Facebook updates would spread the news faster than any other network possibly could , and we ’d wind up with a sort of grassroots resistance to the living dead .
The movies would give us a starting point , and we ’d be able to work things out from there .
I was in the process of writing Feed when Hurricane Katrina happened , and I saw the Internet react and come together just the way I had proposed we could , and would , given a big enough emergency .
But that came later .
First I had to get to the point of being able to start the book — I had a virus , I had a game plan for surviving the virus , and I had a culture that existed about twenty years after the Rising , focused heavily on Internet news and never going outside when you did n’t have to .
What I did n’t have was a plot .
I complained endlessly to my friends about the fact that my zombie world had no place to shamble .
And then one night my friend Michael asked a simple question :
“ Why do n’t you do a Presidential campaign ? ”
It was simple ; it was elegant ; it was perfect .
By taking the political angle , I could really dissect this society and the way the coming of the dead had changed it .
A Presidential campaign , by its very nature , will span the United States , and that ’s what I wanted .
I wanted to show how the world would change in the aftermath … and how we might be forced to adapt , but we would n’t just lay down and die .
Little things , like the fact that George Romero is considered a global hero , resulting in “ George ” and “ Georgia ” being two of the most common names given to children .
Big things , like the closure of the national parks and the abandonment of Alaska to the dead .
Everything .
By the end of that night , I had the full story unfolding in my head , complete with the narrators who would make it come to life .
I think I wrote a hundred pages the first week , barely noticing when things like “ bedtime ” and “ dinnertime ” passed me by .
I was twenty years away ; I was twenty years past the end of the world .
That first big idea really was a lot bigger than I thought , because it literally required me to rebuild America , as well as put together a viable mechanism for raising the dead ( it also cures cancer and the common cold ) .
I loved every minute , and I still do .
I also sleep with a machete under my bed .
You know .
Just in case .
—-
Feed : Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Indiebound|Powell’s
Follow Mira Grant on Twitter .
Also follow her alter ego , Seanan McGuire .
Read McGuire on LiveJournal .
Senator Jon Tester ( D - MT ) has introduced a bill that aims to put all government documents online — or at least the public ones , anyway .
As part of the " Public Online Information Act , " the documents would be submitted to a free , searchable database , and an advisory committee would be established in order to oversee the process .
The text of the bill acknowledges that the federal government has made past efforts to make documents available to the public , but that government information remains " too often hard to find , difficult to understand , expensive to obtain in useful formats , and available in only a few locations . "
What it boils down to is this : finding government documents is often a huge pain in the butt .
Sen .
Tester wants all nonclassified documents to be posted within three years of the bill 's passage , including government contracts and information on suppliers .
Much of the bill 's focus is on the advisory committee , which would coordinate efforts to post documents between all three branches of government .
The committee would consist of 19 members and would issue nonbinding guidelines on how to carry out the project .
Members would review various agencies ' participation every four years and adjust their recommendations as needed .
As noted by NextGov , not everyone is on board with Tester 's lofty goals .
An organization that represents government contractors , the Professional Services Council , believes the bill 's language involving contracts is overly broad , and says that it " could well lead to the public exposure of a wide range of proprietary , company sensitive , employee and / or security sensitive information . "
Another group called OMB
Watch added that it 's unclear whether the provision would require the posting of all contractor documents , and if not , where the line would be drawn .
" Is budget information about the contractor a federal record ?
What if the contractor is 100 percent funded by federal funds ?
How about if only 10 percent ?
And does the contractor get to appeal — with clear and convincing evidence — for an exemption ? "
Tester 's bill is a companion to similar legislation introduced in the House by Rep. Steve Israel ( D - NY ) earlier this year .
Also called the Public Online Information Act ( H.R. 4858 ) , that bill does not require the government to post information on contracts — a key difference .
It looks like the contract issue will remain a sticking point for the time being , but Tester believes that whatever information contractors have , it should be posted online .
" Montanans sent me to the Senate partly to help clean up Washington , and I ’m doing just that , " the Montana senator said in a statement .
" Now it ’s time to raise the bar and set new standards for public access , and make sure transparency is keeping up with online technology . "
Listing image by Flickr user jepoirrier
Cartoon chaos is a tracker dedicated to cartoons & everything related to it .
If you are a fan of that you should check this site out .
Categories & Browse Page :
Stats & Info :
Users : 1409
New users today : 32
Torrents : 2279
Seeders : 3511
Leechers : 147
Peers : 2658
Total Traffic : ~205TB
By Piers Edwards
South Africa are unbeaten in 10 matches World Cup hosts South Africa celebrated their arrival in Johannesburg 's Soccer City in fine style as they beat Colombia 2 - 1 on Thursday .
A penalty apiece from Teko Modise and Katlego Mphela overcame Giovanni Moreno 's spot - kick equaliser .
The Colombians provided a real test for a team whose previous opponents have often lacked quality .
The victory extends Bafana Bafana 's unbeaten run to 10 matches under coach Carlos Alberto Parreira .
" This was an important friendly against a very good side with experience and ten players in Europe , " said the Brazilian .
" They gave us a tough time but I 'm proud - we fought , got a result and controlled the game at times . "
With the Latin American style helping South Africa prepare for Group A rivals Mexico and Uruguay , if not necessarily France , a Bafana Bafana side with Steven Pienaar , Benni McCarthy and Kagiso Dikgacoi on the bench started brightly .
But hearts were in 75,000 mouths at a stadium hosting its first international when regular stopper Itumeleng Khune was clattered when repelling a dangerous cross - lying prostrate after being hit hard on both the head and hip .
When both Khune and play resumed after a lengthy pause , South Africa instantly won a penalty after Siphiwe Tshabalala 's inswinging cross was needlessly handled by Cristian Zapata .
Local star Modise scored at the second attempt after 18 minutes after his first effort was saved by David Ospina , only for a re-take to be harshly awarded for the keeper 's encroachment .
Three minutes later , it was one - apiece as Khune rashly brought down Adrian Ramos after Colombia carved open the hosts ' defence with worrying ease - the impressive Moreno converting the spot - kick .
A lively encounter continued as Reneilwe Letsholonyane 's low drive was tipped behind , before Jackson Martinez was denied in stoppage - time by some expert South African defending .
Parreira changed things at half - time , bringing on Moeneeb Josephs for Khune and , more intriguingly , introducing a central midfield duo of Pienaar and Dikgacoi .
" We 're experimenting , it was Pienaar 's first time there today and we have two more games to make up our minds , " said the Brazilian .
Just before the hour , Mphela reignited the match with a neat run which ended with the referee pointing to the spot for a third time after Tshabalala went down under little contact .
This time , Mphela himself casually converted to net his third goal in as many games .
Midway through the second half McCarthy made his first appearance since October but never threatened as Bafana Bafana slipped down a gear - Colombia finishing the stronger .
Having been surprisingly kept on the bench until the 81st minute , Hugo Rodallega 's arrival sparked a wave of attacks but Josephs made three fine stops , including a dipping 25 - yard effort from the Wigan man .
" Tonight was great , and the fan turn - out was magnificent , " said McCarthy .
" I 'm glad I got on , got the feel of playing in this team again and we did what the coach wanted us to do . "
South Africa , who open the World Cup at Soccer City against the Mexicans on 11 June , finalise their warm - up against Guatemala in Polokwane on Monday and Denmark in Atteridgeville on 5 June .
Meanwhile Senegal lost 2 - 0 to World Cup - bound Denmark on Thursday night .
Denmark will face the Netherlands , Japan and Cameroon in Group E at the World Cup .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you ever wanted to see what monopoly looks like in chart form , here it is :
In the quarter ended March 31 , Goldman made money on every single trading day .
The firm did not record a loss of even $ 0.01 on even one day in the last quarter .
That 's 63 days profitable out of 63 trading days .
The statistic probability of this event is itself statistically undefined .
Goldman is now the market - or , in keeping with modern market reality , Goldman is the house , it controls the casino , and always wins .
Congratulations America : you now have far , far better odds in Las Vegas that you have making money with your E - Trade account .
Adding to the alice in wonderland insanity of this announcement , the firm made over $ 100 million daily on 35 different days .
Of Goldman 's $ 9.7 billion in total Q1 revenue , 76 % came from trading .
Forget investment banking , forget underwriting , forget advisory : over three quarters of the firm 's value is based on being the house to the biggest corrupt casino in existence .
Ever .
The search for common ground on climate change between the United States and nations like China at the Major Economies Forum this weekend focused on industrial needs … but a totally different conversation is getting underway today in Cochabama , Bolivia , at the World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth .
New York activists are among the members of civil society participating in what could be a game changing convergence .
“ New York City is where the world converges and we need to be a part of a global climate justice movement , ” said United Puerto Ricans of Sunset Park , Joaquin Sanchez , Jr. , who is part of a delegation that includes actor Danny Glover .
New Yorkers who ca n’t make the trip to Cochabamba can still participate via the Internet with participants in the Bolivian conference on climate change at an event hosted by the Brecht Forum on Tuesday night .
“ Through a multi-city live web stream , we will be discussing what ’s going on in Cochabamba , the issues being raised , the concerns we have , questions … whatever we want .
We expect that the meeting will begin with some footage of at least some of the events there .
We ’ll then begin the conversation .
A group of people in Bolivia– from the U.S. delegation and as well as other countries – will then make a short report about what ’s going on .
We will then begin a conversation about the ongoing conference among the US - based and Bolivian participants . ”
At least two other websites have plans to begin live streaming the People ’s Summit on Tuesday – OneClimate.net and Abya Yala – a non-profit indigenous organization .
For those of you in the Twitterverse , Bolivia ’s ambassador to the United Nations will be tweeting the World People ’s Conference on Climate Change , using hashtags # Cochabamba and #cmpcc .
All of this is unfolding on the heels of Earth Day , April 22 , and again Bolivia appears to be coming out ahead of the United States .
As the Mulch blog at The Media Consortium observes :
“ Sen . John Kerry ( D - MA ) , along with Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) and Sen. Lindsay Graham ( R - SC ) , were supposed to release their climate legislation next week , just in time for Earth Day .
But yesterday the word came down that the release was being pushed back by another week , to April 26 . ”
Meanwhile , corporations are taking all the delays in stride .
Mother Jones has a fascinating report called “ Betting on Change ” that examines how corporations stand to make — or lose — billions due to “ climate exposure . ”
WELCOME TO THE MUSEUM
You are about to enter the Big Internet Museum .
Explore an interactive and ever - growing collection about the Internet and its remarkable graphic interface : the World Wide Web .
By the way , we do n’t have a building .
The reason is simple : our collection only exists online .
Aside from that it ’s a museum like any other – with curators , a diverse permanent collection , temporary exhibitions , different wings , donations , and more .
In the Big Internet Museum you can have your name printed on the wall by submitting a piece to the collection !
We might even open a gift shop .
There , we ’ve said it .
Regular small snippets and workflows for Git
My original plan of a post everyday turned out to be unrealistic , but I 'll carry on posting as regularly as I can .
Find me @abizern on twitter if you have anything you 'd like me to cover .
Bolivia 's President Evo Morales ( R ) arrives at the summit .
Bolivia is playing an increasingly important role in the climate negotiations by leading attempts to force developed countries to slash their emissions further than they have so far pledged .
It was one of seven countries that refused to sign up to the deal that emerged from Copenhagen , incurring the wrath of Britain and the US , which this month withdrew $ 3.5 m of climate aid from BoliviaPhotograph : stringer / Reuters
The Pillars of Analytics Excellence , for Maximum Insights Gained
Put your Big Data solutions to work for you with the most powerful AI and machine learning analytics framework available today .
NICE Nexidia recognizes that your data is yours – you can work with us to take information from any data source to any of our Customer Engagement Analytics solutions , and send the resulting insights and data to any destination .
No dependencies , no limits .
Neil A Armstrong , the first man to walk on the moon , on Wednesday sharply criticised President Obama 's plan to cancel the space agency 's program to send astronauts back to the moon .
" If the leadership we have acquired through our investment is allowed simply to fade away , other nations will surely step in where we have faltered , " Armstrong said in testimony before the Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation .
" I do not believe that would be in our best interests . "
Armstrong ; Eugene A Cernan , the commander of Apollo 17 ; and James A Lovell Jr , the commander of Apollo 13 , wrote a letter last month that called the proposed changes to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration " devastating . "
Cernan told senators that the three men had carefully chosen the words in the letter : " slide to mediocrity " and " third - rate stature . "
Obama officials  including John P Holdren , the President 's science adviser , and Charles F Bolden Jr , the NASA administrator  insist they are not abandoning human spaceflight .
They said by relying on commercial firms and developing new technologies , NASA would end up with a more affordable and more sustainable way of getting people to space .
Armstrong and Cernan have yet to be convinced that Obama 's plan will succeed .
" I find a number of assertions , which , at best , demand careful analysis and , at worst , do not deserve any analysis , " Armstrong said .
Cernan spoke called Obama 's proposal " a blueprint for a mission to nowhere . "
Cernan said , " Now is the time for wiser heads in the Congress of the US to prevail .
Now is the time to overrule this administration 's pledge to mediocrity .
" Armstrong , for his part , criticised the secrecy that surrounded the Obama space plan .
That Armstrong spoke was almost as remarkable .
In the 41 years since Apollo 11 , Armstrong has hidden from his fame , rarely appearing in public .
Cernan said that during a briefing from NASA officials , it was said that NASA might have to subsidise the commercial providers in order for them to succeed .
The President 's budget calls for investing $ 6 billion over five years for private companies to develop launching systems for astronauts .
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
HTC respond on Apple patent suit : are “ committed to defending ” their own innovations
HTC have just given us a statement regarding the lawsuit Apple filed this morning , and as you might expect they ’re admitting nothing .
In fact , HTC say that they only heard about the lawsuit this morning “ via media reports ” and are yet to investigate the actual paperwork ; still , they also state that they are “ committed to defending [ their ] own technology innovations . ”
Full statement after the cut
“ HTC is a mobile technology innovator and patent holder that has been very focused over the past 13 years on creating many of the most innovative smartphones .
HTC values patent rights and their enforcement but is also committed to defending its own technology innovations .
HTC only learned of Apple ’s actions this morning via media reports , and therefore we have not yet had the opportunity to investigate the filings .
Until we have had this opportunity , we are unable to comment on the validity of the claims being made against HTC . ”
Apple claim that HTC have overstepped the mark on 20 patents the Cupertino company holds , related to the functioning and UI of the iPhone .
You can see the full list of patents here , of which there appear to be just 10 rather than the 20 Apple mention .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Attacks on the Catholic Church and Pope Benedict over a sexual abuse scandal are comparable to “ collective violence ” against Jews , the pontiff ’s personal preacher told a Vatican Good Friday service .
Pope Benedict XVI leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) at the Colosseum in Rome , April 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Max Rossi
The sermon by Father Raniero Cantalamessa , a Franciscan whose title is “ Preacher of the Pontifical Household ” , drew sharp criticism from both Jews and victims of sexual abuse by priests .
It further racheted up tensions over the abuse scandal , forcing even the Vatican spokesman to distance himself from Cantalamessa , the only person authorized to preach to the pope .
Cantalamessa , speaking with the pope sitting nearby , drew the parallel at an afternoon Good Friday service in St Peter ’s Basilica on the day Christians commemorate Jesus ’ crucifixion .
Noting that this year the Jewish Passover and Christian Easter fell during the same week , he said Jews throughout history had been the victims of “ collective violence ” and drew comparisons between Jewish suffering and attacks on the Church .
As the pope listened , Cantalamessa read the congregation a part of a letter he received from a Jewish friend , who said he was “ following with disgust the violent and concentric attacks against the Church , the pope ... ”
“ The use of stereotypes , the shifting of personal responsibility and guilt to a collective guilt remind me of the most shameful aspects of anti-Semitism , ” he quoted from the letter .
“ Shame on Father Cantalamessa , ” said Elan Steinberg , vice - president of the American Gathering of Holocaust Survivors and their Descendants .
“ The Vatican is entitled to defend itself but the comparison with anti-Semitic persecution is offensive and unsustainable .
We are sorely disappointed , ” he told Reuters .
NOT OFFICIAL VATICAN POSITION
Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said : “ This should not be interpreted as an official position of the Vatican . ”
But some Jewish groups demanded a personal apology from the pope for the words read by his preacher .
“ These hurtful remarks were made in the presence of the pope and the pope himself should take responsibility and apologize for them , ” said Rabbi Marvin Hier of Simon Wiesenthal Center , the international Jewish human rights group .
The pope , both at the service where Cantalamessa preached as well as at a “ Way of the Cross ” service for thousands of people later at the Colosseum , made no reference to the abuse scandal .
This week ’s celebrations leading up to Easter Sunday have been clouded by accusations that the Church in several countries mishandled and covered up episodes of sexual abuse of children by priests , some dating back decades .
Shaken by the crisis , the Vatican has accused the media of an “ ignoble ” attempt to smear the pope at all costs .
Some news reports have accused him of negligence in handling sexual abuse cases in previous roles as a cardinal in his native Germany and in Rome .
Victims of sexual abuse also criticized Cantalamessa .
“ It ’s heart - breaking to see yet another smart , high - ranking Vatican official making such callous remarks that insult both abuse victims and Jewish people , ” said a spokesman for the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests ( SNAP ) .
As revelations of sexual abuse and alleged cover-ups have surfaced almost daily in Europe over the past weeks , the Vatican has said the guilt of individuals who committed crimes , however heinous , cannot be shifted to the pope or the entire Church .
The Vatican has denied any cover - up over the abuse of 200 deaf boys in the United States by Reverend Lawrence Murphy from 1950 to 1974 .
The New York Times reported the Vatican and Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , now Pope Benedict , were warned about Murphy but he was not defrocked .
The Vatican has also said the pope , when he was Archbishop of Munich , was not aware that a German priest who underwent therapy after he sexually abused children was later allowed to return to the ministry .
The priest later abused children again .
The Vatican says that decision was taken by a subordinate , not by the future pope .
BRUSSELS , Belgium —
This is a country that currently has no prime minister and no prospect of resolving the bitter political - linguistic breach that caused the cabinet to fall a week ago .
But it is well on its way to having a burqa ban .
Belgium 's French and Dutch parties have occasionally refused to even meet with each other and the linguistic divide colors nearly every aspect of politics here .
But at the plenary session of the lower house of parliament this afternoon during the debate on outlawing the full Muslim veil , speaker after speaker read from practically the same script to declare the ban the right thing to do .
The vote was 136 - 0 , with two abstentions .
The bill now goes to the senate for a mandatory 15 - day period of review .
Under normal circumstances , if senators approved the measure without changes , it would be published and implemented .
However , these are hardly normal circumstances as this legislature awaits its own impending dissolution due to the political stalemate .
The date that will happen is still unclear but if it occurs before the burqa ban is approved , the bill ends up on the scrap heap .
But if it does become law , anyone caught with their face fully covered could be fined up to 25 euros ( $ 33 ) or sent to jail for seven days — except for motorcycle riders , that is .
The title of the bill was amended at the last minute on their behalf to note specifically the head - to - toe covering “ burqa ” and its eye - baring relative , the “ niqab , ” rather than broadly banning the act of obscuring one ’s visage .
It ’s somewhat ironic that Belgium would become the first European country with a full federal ban .
The percentage of Muslims living here is just 3.6 percent , compared with France ’s 10 percent , or the Netherlands ' 5.8 percent .
Of the roughly 375,000 people who identify themselves as Muslim in Belgium , it ’s estimated that several dozen cover their faces .
The measure ’s sponsor , Daniel Bacquelaine , head of the French - speaking Liberal Party , said he was proud to lead the world in barring the garment , explaining that the small number of people the law could apply to is irrelevant .
“ It ’s not a problem of the number of people who wear a burqa , ” he said .
“ It ’s really a symbol to say clearly if we want to live together in a free society , we need to recognize each other . ”
Bacquelaine suggested that everyone can appreciate how important it is , for example , that teachers can tell children are being picked up after school by the person who really is their mother , or for a bank teller to be able to identify the person trying to withdraw money from an account .
The lawmaker heatedly rejected accusations the bill is anti-Islamic or anti-female .
On the contrary , he said it would help all Muslims , and especially women , integrate into society .
“ I think it ’s not really a choice to wear a burqa .
If we forbid the veil on the street and in the shops they obtain more freedom to live , ” he explained .
Feminist activist Yasmina Akhandaf is clearly exasperated by such arguments .
Born and raised in the northern city Antwerp , she helped found a group whose name translates as “ Boss Over One ’s Own Head , ” which is suing the city over its ban on wearing any religious headgear in public schools or government jobs .
Akhandaf insisted the pro-ban side ’s humanitarian arguments are completely backward .
“ You can never fight an oppression with another oppression , ” she said .
She maintained that the majority of women who cover themselves do so by choice , while acknowledging that some are forced to cover their heads and faces .
What ban supporters refuse to grasp , she explained with frustration , is that for those women the burqa , or niqab or headscarf , which is also banned in some Belgian cities , is their passage to freedom .
“ That is the key to liberate them , ” Akhandaf exclaimed , “ to get them out of the house , to get them to school , to get a good job .
The only way to free yourself is by being financially independent . ”
As for the burqa , Akhandaf said that because there are so few women in Belgium who do cover their faces , she believes the law is designed to be more provocative than practical .
She said Belgium is willfully stoking Islamophobia and she is deeply disappointed in her politicians .
“ It ’s frustrating , it ’s embarrassing and it ’s kind of frightening , " she said .
" As a public servant , you are supposed to bring people together , not separate them more . ”
Public , legislative and judicial debates over the acceptability of Muslim head coverings have been going on for years in European countries , primarily in Belgium , Denmark , France , Germany and the Netherlands .
The debates focus mostly on headscarfs , which are already banned in many cities across Europe .
The push for doing away with the full coverings is more recent .
Ever more headline - grabbing than the Belgians , the French are moving quickly on their own ban , as President Nicolas Sarkozy has become an ardent advocate .
His government has said it will on May 19 propose a law that would cover tourists as well as the estimated 1,000 to 2,000 French burqa- wearers , despite being warned by legal authorities it may well be unconstitutional .
Belgium was also undaunted by legal opinions indicating measures like this might not hold up in court .
Addressing himself to all governments enthusiastic about pursuing their own measures , Thomas Hammarberg , the Council of Europe ’s commissioner for human rights , has come out against the bans on human rights grounds .
“ Rulings anywhere that women must wear the burqa should be condemned , ” Hammarberg wrote , “ but banning such dresses here would be wrong . "
Hammarberg noted nations ’ obligations to uphold the European Convention on Human Rights and cited legal precedents that go against such limitations .
In addition , Hammarberg wrote that ban supporters “ have not managed to show that these garments in any way undermine democracy , public safety , order or morals . ”
Judith Sunderland of Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) said she has been a bit surprised by how little debate consideration of the ban generated in Belgium .
Her organization wants to make some noise about it .
“ It ’s an issue that says a lot about the tensions in European society today between Muslims and non-Muslims , ” she said .
And while Belgium may be a foregone conclusion , Sunderland said HRW will continue working in other countries , trying to “ frame the debate from a human rights perspective which we hope can inform better legislative decisions , at the very least . ”
That may be an uphill battle , if new figures on public opinion toward Islam are a fair indication .
The Spanish BBVA Foundation just released a survey taken in 12 European Union states that showed 52.6 percent of respondents were " opposed " or " totally opposed " to what the study called a “ veil ” in any public places .
Bulgaria had the highest level of opposition with 84.3 percent , followed by France with 68.7 percent .
Belgium was not far behind with 59.9 percent of its public in favor of a ban .
But in a couple of weeks , it could be first to make that the policy of 100 percent of Belgians .
Ray Kurzweil is working on another book , this one to explore the principles of human level intelligence in machines .
Titled How the Mind Works and How to Build One , the new book will explore all the amazing developments in reverse engineering the brain that have come along since his last book , the Singularity is Near was released in 2005 .
Whether or not you agree with Ray Kurzweil ’s predictions , the inventor and author stands out as one of the foremost futurists of our time .
What inspiration or controversy will this next book bring ?
Kurzweil has been mentioning How the Mind Works … in public since last year .
Both H+ Magazine and World Future Review have excellent interviews with the author that highlight some of the motivations for the book , and what it might discuss .
As Kurzweil mentioned in his BCI X presentation , and elsewhere , scientists are making progress with directly modeling the cerebral cortex in computers .
Endeavors like the Blue Brain Project raise the possibility that we could create a “ brain in a box ” in the next few decades ( or perhaps sooner ) .
Those projects , however , face some serious obstacles .
The human brain is one of the most complex processors we know .
It still far exceeds computers in pattern recognition and creative decision making .
As digital processing power increases , we ’ll likely have the means to simulate the physical structure of the brain , but will there be mechanisms we have n’t anticipated ?
Will we really understand how the brain stores memories in its neural connectivity ?
When we make a simulation of the brain , will we simply copy an individual ’s neuron pattern – is that even possible ?
– and if we do n’t will the simulation be an accurate replication of a mind ?
Is the hardware of the brain ( the neuron connections ) actually the software as well , or is there an OS we just have n’t found yet ?
All of these questions stand in the way to creating an artificial brain .
Kurzweil ’s book , if it does propose that we ’ll make an artificial mind successfully , will have to address these concerns and many others .
Yet as we approach human level computer intelligence we wo n’t merely be concerned with replicating the machinery of the brain .
We ’ll have to deal with the morality , politics , and philosophical ramifications of creating systems with some level of consciousness .
The complex consequences of spawning artificial general intelligences is something Kurzweil is acutely aware of .
Not only does it inform the entire narrative plot of his Singularity is Near Movie , it is partly responsible for his next book using ‘ mind ’ and not ‘ brain ’ in the title .
As always Kurzweil does more than simply predict what may happen , he ventures to understand the implications and consequences of future technology before it arrives .
How the Mind Works and How to Build One should be a very interesting read .
I ca n’t wait .
[ image credit : Futurismic ]
[ source : H+ , World Future , Kurweil AI ]
There are many noteworthy aspects to this decision that will have a large effect on Eight Amendment cases moving forward .
But no less striking is the concurring opinion of Justices Stevens , Ginsburg and Sotomayor that contains the quotation above .
It is one of the most biting and sarcastic smackdowns of a Justice one will ever read in a Supreme Court opinion .
The concurring opinion is very short and is set forth in full below .
JUSTICE STEVENS , with whom JUSTICE GINSBURG and JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR join , concurring .
In his dissenting opinion , JUSTICE THOMAS argues that today ’s holding is not entirely consistent with the controlling opinions in ( citations omitted ) .
Given that “ evolving standards of decency ” have played a central role in our Eighth Amendment jurisprudence for at least a century , ( Citation omitted ) , this argument suggests the dissenting opinions in those cases more accurately describe the law today than does JUSTICE THOMAS ’ rigid interpretation of the Amendment .
Society changes .
Knowledge accumulates .
We learn , sometimes , from our mistakes .
Punishments that did not seem cruel and unusual at one time may , in the light of reason and experience , be found cruel and unusual at a later time ; unless we are to abandon the moral commitment embodied in the Eighth Amendment , proportionality review must never become effectively obsolete , . . . .
While JUSTICE THOMAS would apparently not rule out a death sentence for a $ 50 theft by a 7 - year - old . . . , the Court wisely rejects his static approach to the law .
Standards of decency have evolved since 1980 .
They will never stop doing so .
The disrespect that Justices Stevens , Ginsburg and Sotomayor showed for Thomas is completely warranted by the absurdity of his opinion .
His mind is so lacking in ability that it is unable to comprehend that acceptable standards of conduct and behavior can evolve over time .
One would have to read his whole dissent to get the full flavor of Thomas ' crimped thought processes but here is an example
The Court ignores entirely the threshold inquiry of whether subjecting juvenile offenders to adult penalties was one of the “ modes or acts of punishment that had been considered cruel and unusual at the time that the Bill of Rights was adopted . ”
Ford v. Wainwright , 477 U. S. 399 , 405 ( 1986 ) .
As the Court has noted in the past , however , the evidence is clear that , at the time of the Founding , “ the common law set a rebuttable presumption of incapacity to commit any felony at the age of 14 , and theoretically permitted [ even ] capital punishment to be imposed on a person as young as age 7 . ” Stanford v. Kentucky , 492 U. S. 361 , 368 ( 1989 ) ( citing 4 W. Blackstone , Commentaries 23 – 24 ; 1 M. Hale , Pleas of the Crown 24 –29 ( 1800 ) ) .
It thus seems exceedingly unlikely that the imposition of a life - without - parole sentence on a person of Graham ’s age would run afoul of those standards .
So if the founders thought it was OK , it 's fine by Thomas .
That would of course include whipping people , putting them in stocks , and , Thomas ' favorite ,
capital punishment for offenses ranging from “ ‘ run[ning ] away with . . . goods or merchandise to the value of fifty dollars , . .
One last note .
Scalia and Alito signed on to Thomas 's dissenting opinion but even Alito could not agree with that portion of Thomas ' opinion .
Hope springs eternal .
If Iran has been able to bring down its fertility rate from 5.6 births per woman in 1985 to 2 by 2000 , India can definitely do the same , if not better .
What is needed is political will , apart from better planning and coordination
In January this year , an All Party Parliamentary Group of the UK’s House of Commons published a report on Population , Development and Reproductive Health .
The forecast : The Millennium Development Goals espoused by 189 Govern - ments in the year 2000 are practically unachievable , given the current levels of population growth .
The report assumes significance because the evidence of all population stalwarts the world over was recorded before releasing the findings .
“ Population issues have lost priority , ” says the report and “ funding has stagnated or decreased at a time when unmet need for family planning information and services is increasing . ”
Women in developing countries are dying for lack of access to family planning services and having to confront unwanted pregnancies and forced abortions even when options are available .
Ironically , if there is any concern about population it is related only to the extremely low fertility of European countries and Japan .
The End of World Population Growth in the 21st Century , a book , which is considered a must for policy - makers , simply overlooked that in the country like India , 17 million more births than deaths take place every year .
Western thinking about global warming has overtaken even the Indian psyche , despite the fact that India emits less than half the carbon dioxide of Brazil , only a third of China and a not even a fifth of the European Union , leave aside the United States .
The fact that population pressure is eating into agricultural land , forest , water , and biodiversity is never even mentioned .
In countless meetings about ecology , climate change , deforestation , urban migration , demographers are notably absent or unheard .
It was in the late 1980s that the subject of population growth began to be swept away from policy agenda .
The 1994 Cairo Conference on Population and Development successfully muffled it behind the nebulous nomenclature of reproductive and child health ( RCH ) .
Any mention of numbers and sankhya still draws the wrath of activists , who in their zeal to end coercion and sub - standard family planning services have unwittingly helped to overturn the family planning programme .
India ’s discreditable memories of 8.3 million sterilisations , performed in a single year 1976 - 77 – four times higher as compared to the year before – have sealed the lips of politicians of all hues forever and drawn stony silence from the media .
The RCH alternative has not provided the synergy that was expected observes a paper by Srinivasan et al ( IIPS Mumbai ) .
They found no co-relation between per-capita expenditure incurred on RCH and the level or pace of change of indicators .
The National Commission on Population charts display decline in sterilisations and IUD insertions – attributable largely to the low performance of Bihar , Rajasthan , Assam and Uttar Pradesh .
The IIPS study ends on the unhappy note , “ The RCH umbrella seems to be leaking . ”
Against this backdrop the story of Iran bears telling .
There the equivalent of the Planning Commission painted such a grim picture of the country ’s economy and how the nation ’s resources simply could not support the services stipulated under its Constitution , that all Government departments were directed to review the population growth rate impact .
The Iranian media disseminated how the country ’s population growth was too high and if left unchecked , would have serious negative impact on the national economy and the welfare of the people .
Iran ’s Health Ministry and its Judicial Council then declared that there is no Islamic barrier to family planning .
Families were encouraged to delay the first pregnancy , and space out subsequent births , to discourage women to become pregnant younger than 18 and older than 35 ; to limit family size to three children ( not even two ) .
Resources were poured into family planning services and to help couples prevent unplanned pregnancies .
The village health workers ( two instead of our one ASHA ) put up charts of the age and sex profile of each village at a central place , which were updated each month .
The data showed the number of children who had been born since the beginning of the year , the number of children vaccinated , the number who died and the cause of death .
The data also showed the number of married women , their age and the contraceptive method used .
Contraceptive pills became the most popular method .
Population education remains an integral part of the curriculum at all educational levels ; university students must take two credit courses on population and family planning .
Couples planning marriage have to participate in a family planning class before receiving a marriage license and these pre-nuptial classes are mandatory for both the bride and groom - ( to - be ) .
Women ’s average age of marriage had crossed 22 years by 1996 .
The result of all this has been astounding .
From a total fertility rate of 5.6 births per woman in 1985 , Iran brought total fertility down to 2.0 by 2000 .
Infant Mortality , Maternal Mortality , Under 5 Mortality , have all reduced ; literacy has gone up , and now more women than men have entered Universities .
What we need is less looking the other way ; less emotional outbursts in donor - driven seminars and much more by way of sustained family planning services .
And an effective leadership in the northern States which are disproportionately delaying India ’s population stabilisation .
[ Shanghai ]
On September 10th 1998 , a MD - 11 of China Eastern Airlines flying from Shanghai to Los Angeles experienced problems with its front wheel .
After all attempts to lower the front wheel fail , the plane makes an emergency landing in Shanghai on its nose .
Two crew and nine passengers were slightly hurt in the incident , but there were no fatalities .
New York Designer Opens Up On Journey To Her Runway MomentSeptember is National Hispanic Heritage Month , and we 're shining a light on a rising star in the fashion world .
Cenia Paredes is putting her best fashion foot forward and recently debuted her new line at the Times Square Fashion Show ; CBS2's Lisa Rozner reports .
6 hours ago
New York Weather : CBS2 9/30 Nightly Forecast at 11PMCBS2's Vanessa Murdock has your weather forecast for September 30 at 11 p.m .
6 hours ago
Trump , Biden Return To Campaign Trail After First Presidential DebateAfter a night of insults and interruptions , changes are ahead for the next presidential debate .
President Donald Trump and former vice president Joe Biden were back on the campaign trail after Tuesday 's debate ; CBS2's Dick Brennan reports .
6 hours ago
Airlines Could Cut 36,000 More Jobs Without Federal AidThe airline industry is bracing for tens of thousands of layoffs and furloughs .
6 hours ago
Only On CBS2 : Manhattan Business Owners Find Garbage Thrown
In Outdoor Dining Area OvernightTwo Manhattan restaurants that suffered a setback together say the city needs to get a handle on the trash situation ; CBS2's Jenna DeAngelis reports .
6 hours ago
Queens Mother Of 3 Killed After Being Struck By Stray Bullet Inside HomeA wife and mother of three lost her life to a single stray bullet inside her Queens home Wednesday ; CBS2's Cory James reports .
6 hours ago
New York Weather : CBS2 9/30 Evening Forecast at 6PMCBS2's Vanessa Murdock has your weather forecast for September 30 at 6 p.m .
11 hours ago
Manhattan Senior Care Facility Hires High School Students To Help Continue Education During PandemicThe pandemic disrupted the education of countless students , but not a dedicated handful in a special program at a Manhattan senior care facility .
The New Jewish Home hired high school students and put them on the payroll so they could continue their vocational education ; CBS2's Tony Aiello reports .
11 hours ago
Theatrical Walking Tours Underway
In NYCA new effort is underway to bring back live theater in New York City during the pandemic .
11 hours ago
NYSC & Lucille Roberts Parent Company Facing Suit Over Illegal FeesThe parent company of New York Sports Club and Lucille Roberts is facing a lawsuit over illegal charges .
11 hours ago
Nassau Judge Dismisses Property Tax LawsuitA judge has dismissed a Nassau County homeowner 's lawsuit that alleged the county 's new tax assessments violate his constitutional rights .
11 hours ago
Clare Bronfman Sentenced In NXIVM Sex Cult CaseAn heiress to the Seagram 's fortune will spend the next seven years behind bars for her role in the NXIVM sex cult case .
She was sentenced Wednesday after pleading guilty to identity theft and immigration offenses ; CBS2's Andrea Grymes reports .
11 hours ago
' We Need You ' Music Video Hopes To Entertain , Inspire Women To VoteA group behind a new song about voting is hoping to entertain and inspire .
" We Need You " is aimed at women but wants to get more people engaged in the presidential election , no matter their gender ; CBS2's Dave Carlin reports .
11 hours ago
Max Minute : Companies Working On Manufactured Antibodies As COVID - 19 TreatmentTwo companies are working on manufactured antibodies that may treat or even prevent coronavirus infections ; CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez reports .
11 hours ago
Pop Music Sensation , Feminist Icon Helen Reddy DiesPop music sensation and feminist icon Helen Reddy has died .
As CBS2's Natalie Duddridge reports , her songs changed a generation .
12 hours ago
Truck Strikes Bridge At Exit 22 On Hutchinson ParkwayA bridge strike in Westchester slowed down traffic on the Hutchinson River Parkway on Wednesday .
12 hours ago
Ford Issues Recall On
Over 700,000 VehiclesFord is issuing a recall on more than 700,000 vehicles because of problems with back - up cameras .
12 hours ago
NJ Handyman Accused Of Placing Hidden Camera In Customers ' BathroomsParamus police have arrested a handyman accused of placing a hidden camera in a customer 's bathroom , and they say he did n't just do it in this town ; CBS2's Alice Gainer reports .
12 hours ago
Drunk Driver Who Struck , Killed 12 - Year - Old Boy Scout Sentenced
It 's been exactly two years since 12 - year - old Boy Scout Andrew McMorris was struck and killed by a drunk driver .
It 's been a long , painful journey for justice , but Wednesday , that driver was sentenced ; CBS2's Jennifer McLogan reports .
12 hours ago
National Hispanic Heritage Month : Shining A Light On Fashion Designer Cenia ParedesSeptember is National Hispanic Heritage Month , and we 're shining a light on a rising star in the fashion world .
She 's putting her best fashion foot forward and recently graced billboards in Times Square ; CBS2's Lisa Rozner reports .
12 hours ago
NFL Postpones Steelers - Titans Game Until Monday
Or TuesdayThe NFL is now encountering their first postponement of the season due to the coronavirus ; CBS2's Otis Livingston reports .
12 hours ago
Changes Expected
In Second Presidential DebateExpect some changes in the next presidential debate after Tuesday night 's chaotic face - off .
The night was filled with repeated interruptions and insults ; CBS2's Dick Brennan reports .
12 hours ago
Indoor Dining Resumes
At NYC Restaurants
For the first time in months , New York City restaurants are welcoming patrons back indoors ; CBS2's Christina Fan reports .
12 hours ago
NJ Health Officials Focusing On Uptick In COVID Cases
In Ocean CountyNew Jersey health officials are focusing on an uptick in COVID cases in Ocean County .
12 hours ago
Holder : Trial for 9/11 Defendants in New York Still Possible Attorney General defends Obama administration 's record on terror .
Apr. 14 , 2010  -- During a Wednesday hearing in which he defended the Obama administration 's record on prosecuting terror suspects , Attorney General Eric Holder told the Senate Judiciary Committee that a New York City trial for 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was still an option .
Asked by Senator Jeff Sessions , R..- Ala , ranking minority member on the committee , when the Obama administration would decide on a venue for the trial , Holder said , " New York City is not off the table . "
The Attorney General also clarified his earlier , much - publicized remarks about not catching Osama Bin Laden alive , saying it was still policy to capture or kill bin Laden if possible , and defended the Justice Department 's handling of underwear bombing suspect Umar Abdulmutallab .
Holder denounced efforts by conservatives to " drag [ through ] the mud " the names of Justice Department lawyers who had represented Guantanamo Bay detainees .
Yet he acknowledged that despite the Obama administration 's intention to shut down " Gitmo , " it might not be possible unless Congress authorizes funding for its replacement .
In his prepared testimony , Holder said the administration was still deciding what to do with five 9 - 11 coconspirators who are now in U.S. custody .
" No final decision has been made about the forum in which Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his codefendants will be tried , " said Holder .
" As I 've said from the outset , this is a close call . "
Holder also said that other venues within the federal court system 's Southern District of New York were also a possibility .
Sen .
Sessions later told the Attorney General , " I do n't think the people of New York want this trial anywhere near New York ... or in the District .
Pressed by Sen. Chuck Schumer , D. - N.Y. , Holder said the administration is taking into account the opposition of New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg , other city officials and most of the New York Congressional delegation .
While Holder 's comments are technically true , according to Administration officials , the trial is almost certainly not going to happen in downtown Manhattan .
The Attorney General is keeping his options open and maintaining New York is still an option as the administration narrows a final list of places where a trial could take place in a civil setting or military commission .
" We know the administration is not going to hold the trial in New York , " said Schumer in a paper statement .
" They should just say it already . "
In testimony , Holder also clarified what he told a House committee in March about the possibility of capturing Osama Bin Laden alive .
In March , Holder said Bin Laden would not be captured alive , and that if he were found , U.S. soldiers would be reading Miranda rights to a corpse .
On Wednesday , Holder told the Judiciary Committee , " Our goal is to either capture Osama bin Laden or to kill him . "
" What I said in that [ March ] hearing was an assessment of , I think , the likelihood that we 're going to be able to capture him alive .
What I said was that , with regard to that possibility … I see it 's highly unlikely that he will be taken alive . " said Holder , citing what the U.S. knows about the security forces around Bin Laden .
Later he added that if Osama Bin Laden were captured alive , Bin Laden would not be read his Miranda rights .
Holder defended the way the FBI and the Justice Department had treated Umar Abdulmutallab , who is charged with attempted to blow up Northwest Flight 253 on Christmas before it landed in Detroit .
The FBI has been criticized for reading Miranda rights to Abdulmutallab , a Nigerian citizen who was allegedly acting in support of Al Qaeda .
Sen. Sessions told Attorney General Holder that his " actions had shaken my confidence . "
" We have obtained the cooperation of [ Abdulmutallab ] , " said Holder .
" Although I obviously cannot discuss the intelligence he provided , I can tell you that it has not just been valuable , but actionable . "
Asked by Sen. Sessions if there was a " presumption in favor of civilian trials " under the Obama administration , Holder noted that in November he had actually sent more cases to military commissions than to courts .
But Holder also said that both the Bush administration and the Obama administration had found the legal system an effective means for prosecuting terror suspects .
According to Holder , since 9/11 there have been 240 convictions for terror - related crimes in the court system .
The Attorney General reiterated the intention of the Obama administration to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility .
" There was , and I think still is , " said Holder , " maybe not to the degree that it once existed , bipartisan support for the notion that the Guantanamo facility should be closed . "
The administration wants to move the remaining 48 detainees to a prison in Illinois .
Holder conceded that the move could not be made unless Congress acts .
" We will close Guantanamo as quickly as we can , as soon as we can . "
Holder said .
" We have in our budget for next year funds in order to come up with another facility to which these people might be transferred , those who can not be repatriated .
And we would like to move on that plan , but we need congressional support . "
The Attorney General seemed irked when asked about Justice Department lawyers who had previously represented Guantanamo detainees .
The names of the attorneys have been disclosed on Fox News , and in a television ad created by a group called " Keep America Safe " that refers to the lawyers as " The Al Qaeda 7 . "
" There has been an attempt to drag their names through the mud , " said Holder .
" I will not allow good decent lawyers , who did what John Adams did . . .
I will not allow their reputations to be besmirched . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
“ Working people did not cause this crisis … and we wo n’t pay for it ! ”
These words were printed in bright red letters on a flyer recently published by the Communist Party of Canada as part of its effort to raise public awareness about the root causes of the global economic crisis .
The flyer sat atop a pile of documents at the entrance to the Communist Party ’s central office in Toronto , where , for 17 years , Miguel Figueroa has been busily engaged in resisting mass capitalism .
The room is n’t big , but it is filled with desks , documents , books and other mementoes .
The walls are lined with pictures of Lenin and other legendary communist leaders .
Not far from the CPC ’s headquarters , I met a gregarious Figueroa at a Greek restaurant on Danforth Avenue in Greektown , just east of Toronto ’s downtown .
He ’s stepped out for a few seconds when the waitress approaches me and asks if I want something .
“ No thanks , I ’m just waiting for someone , ” I reply .
She knows who I ’m waiting for : “ I think it ’s Miguel , yes ? ”
When he returns inside and sits down , another woman coming around to clean the tables recognizes him .
“ Hi Miguel !
How are you ? ” she asks cheerfully .
He ’s a regular .
It ’s not just his neighbourhood restaurant : Figueroa is also a regular in Canadian left - wing politics .
He has been leader of the Communist party for 17 years .
Since 1992 , in fact — which makes him the longest - standing active federal party leader in Canada .
None of the leaders for the four parties represented in Parliament even come close to that ; Michael Ignatieff has been leading the Liberals since 2008 , Stephen Harper the Conservatives since 2004 , Jack Layton the NDP since 2003 .
Even Gilles Duceppe , who seems to have been at the helm of the Bloc Québécois for an eternity , has only been in charge since 1997 .
To put things in perspective , the Conservative party has had eight different leaders since 1992 , and the Liberal party five .
Figueroa says he ’s held on for all this time mostly because the hectic job requires it , and because , well , somebody has to do it .
“ We have many people in our party who are much more capable than I am , but who are n’t in a position to work for the party full - time , ” he says .
His term as leader only represents the second half of Figueroa ’s career as a member of the CPC .
Before being elected head of the party , he spent some 15 years working for the Communists in various capacities at both ends of the country .
He became a party organizer in Vancouver in 1978 and moved to Halifax in 1986 , where he led the Atlantic branch of the party .
In total , the 57 - year - old Figueroa has devoted more than 30 years of his life to further build a party in which — despite public support for communism and socialism that is weak at the best of times — he still believes .
And he might have reason to .
After all of the hardships his party has endured through the years , the Communist Party of Canada is still alive , which is an achievement in itself .
It was formed in 1921 in a barn near Guelph , Ontario .
It did n’t take long for the RCMP to target the party and start harassing it , even arresting its leaders in 1931 .
Nonetheless , several members of the CPC were elected to municipal and provincial offices in the following years .
But in 1940 , the party was banned because it opposed the country ’s participation in the Second World War , and hundreds of its members were imprisoned .
Ironically , the subsequent years were those during which the Communists ’ popularity peaked .
The party resurfaced as the “ Labour - Progressive Party ” and , according to former party leader George Hewison , had about 25,000 members after the war .
One of them , Fred Rose , was even elected to the House of Commons when he represented the party in the Montreal riding of Cartier in the 1943 federal by - election .
But after Soviet Communist leader Nikita Khrushchev exposed the cruelty of Joseph Stalin and his regime in 1956 in the USSR , disenchanted communists around the world left their respective parties .
The Communist party was no different , and its membership dwindled until the fall of communism in Eastern Europe between 1989 and 1991 .
Then all hell broke loose .
It was December , 1992 .
Shortly after the collapse of the Soviet Union , the CPC held a watershed convention .
The year before , the party had split along ideological lines : one group , led by General Secretary George Hewison , sought to shift the party ’s philosophy from Marxism - Leninism to social democracy , while a faction led by Figueroa opposed the change .
Eleven opponents were expelled from the party with Figueroa resigning in sympathy .
Figueroa and his group subsequently threatened court action against Hewison and his colleagues to challenge the dismissal .
The two sides reached an out - of - court settlement , and at the 1992 convention , a new central committee was elected , with Figueroa at the head of a fractured party in need of serious repair .
Figueroa ’s political ascent was unlikely : The Montrealborn Figueroa was not a part of a political family such as the Trudeaus or Martins .
He spent a few years in the United States as a child and , after his parents separated , he and his mother moved back to Quebec when he was beginning Grade 9 .
“ We were on welfare , ” he says .
“ The bailiffs actually came to our apartment .
They broke down the door with a sledgehammer , came in and confiscated all of our belongings because my mother could n’t pay some of the bills .
They left us with our clothes , our books , and our beds .
It was very humiliating for my mother , devastating for her . ”
This was in 1969 or 1970 , he says , an era when an officer could simply show up at a nonpayer ’s home and “ clean up the house . ”
“ It was n’t as if it was a decision of the court or she was called to court and did n’t show up .
It was draconian . ”
It was his political awakening .
The incident drove him to get involved in Montreal ’s antipoverty movement , where he met lefties , went to meetings , and read the classics of Marxist literature and theory .
After leaving Quebec , he joined the National Union of Students ( now known as the Canadian Federation of Students ) and became interested in the Communist Party .
He liked its approach , the fact that it was trying to build unity , working with unions and community organizations , rather than just shouting slogans .
But the CPC was also pro-Soviet at the time , a position that placed it in the political wilderness as American rhetoric about the “ Evil Empire ” was in the ascent .
In American schools , says Figueroa , pupils were taught “ in Russia , the KGB can come in at three in the morning and take your toys !
And there ’s nothing scarier to a kid than having their toys taken .
It ’s dramatic ! ”
But he agreed with most of the party ’s program and , defying the anti-communist fog , decided to take out a membership .
He has n’t looked back since .
Even those who once disagreed with Figueroa acknowledge he is an impressive organizer .
George Hewison — once Figueroa ’s courtroom opponent over the party split — tells me that Figueroa is “ very talented , very intelligent . ”
Johan Boyden , General Secretary of the Young Communist League of Canada , says that Figueroa is “ very dedicated . ”
I started to understand why Figueroa commands such respect when he elaborated on socialist theories and history .
To most people , and even by its very nature , communism is associated with working - class struggle and the uprising of the proletariat .
Although Figueroa was never an aristocrat , his political education did n’t exactly happen at the bottom of a coal mine :
After completing his pre-university studies in arts and science at Dawson College in Montreal and taking courses in urban studies and economics at McGill and Concordia universities , he spent six months studying political economy at the Lenin Institute in Moscow in 1985 - 86 , where Hewison was one of his classmates .
Figueroa then returned to the classroom in the early 1990s to start his graduate studies in international development at Saint Mary ’s University in Halifax .
He never completed his thesis though , because , among other things , he was elected Communist Party Leader .
The first order of business was whipping the party into shape for an election , and , in the process , Figueroa ended up reshaping Canadian elections themselves .
The Communists were struggling to register the minimum of 50 candidates required under the Canada Elections
Act to get official party status and participate in the 1993 federal election .
This meant that the Communist Party would not be on the ballots , and that Elections Canada would also deregister the party and seize its assets .
Figueroa challenged the provision on the basis it discriminated against smaller political parties .
He pursued the suit for six years , and in 1999 , Justice Anne Molloy of the Ontario Court ruled that the 50 - candidate threshold was , according to official documents , “ inconsistent with the right of each citizen to run for office ” and ordered that it be reduced to two candidates .
The Attorney General ’s office appealed the decision , and the Ontario Court of Appeal ruled that the threshold was indeed constitutional , although parties that could field at least 12 candidates for an election would be able to have their party ’s name on the ballot next to the candidate ’s name .
Not content with the halfway measure , Figueroa appealed to the Supreme Court of Canada , claiming the rule violated Section 3 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
The hearing started in November 2002 , and in June 2003 , the historic Figueroa v. Canada ( Attorney General ) decision determined that “ the 50 - candidate threshold is inconsistent with the right of each citizen to play a meaningful role in the electoral process . ”
Ten years after his party was deregistered , Figueroa had successfully forced Elections Canada to overturn its rule and the Communist Party of Canada was back on the ballot .
Being on the ballot is one thing ; winning is another , and the Communist Party remains a distant also - ran when it comes to actually delivering votes .
During the CPC ’s decade of oblivion , Figueroa remained active on the political scene by running twice as an independent candidate in the Canadian federal election .
In 1993 , in the riding of Parkdale - High Park , he finished ninth out of 11 candidates ; in 1997 in Toronto ’s Davenport riding , he finished seventh out of eight .
Though it still barely registers on the electoral scale , the Communist Party ’s Supreme Court fight remains a historic win , and not just for Figueroa and the party .
“ It established new grounds in evaluating election law , ” says Peter Rosenthal , the CPC ’s lawyer at the time .
Rosenthal has worked on a number of cases related to electoral law , but believes this one spawned several others and had positive consequences for small parties .
Nelson Wiseman , associate professor with the department of political science at the University of Toronto , had originally predicted there would be a proliferation of parties following the Supreme Court ’s decision .
“ But the government has tightened up the requirements for registering a party , ” he says , noting the number of registered federal parties is not much higher today than it was in 2003 : among other things , the number of members required for party registration was increased from 100 to 250 , and each party must have three other officers in addition to its leader .
But while new parties have n’t exactly mushroomed since Figueroa v. Canada , some existing ones have been able to survive .
“ My hero ! ” exclaims Blair T. Longley upon hearing Figueroa ’s name .
The Marijuana Party of Canada leader , whose party has been decimated in recent years due to several of its members joining more prominent parties , admits “ We would n’t exist without Miguel Figueroa and Peter Rosenthal ’s work .
None of the small parties would exist . ”
Indeed , several of those parties rallied behind Figueroa during the court challenge , and the case made for strange bedfellows : in addition to the Marijuana Party , the right - wing Christian Heritage Party — which could n’t meet the 50 - candidate threshold for the 2000 election — joined in .
Pastors associated with the party even asked their congregations at Sunday church services to pray for Figueroa while the case was being debated .
“ This is a landmark case in the status of small parties , ” says Boyden .
“ It ’s a great advancement for democracy in Canada because it recognized that there was a role for those parties … .
The Green Party , which is now much larger than it was back then , was right there at the table in the Figueroa case , ” he says .
In addition to his work as party leader , Figueroa is an editorial board member of the People ’s Voice , the nationally distributed bi-monthly newspaper published by the CPC .
But in spite of the party ’s rebirth , publications and political involvement , Figueroa is still leading a small party that only represents half of the Communist left in Canada , the other being the similarly ( perhaps confusingly ) named , but ideologically different , Communist Party of Canada ( Marxist - Leninist ) .
Moreover , the Communist Party currently has approximately 500 members coast to coast .
Nevertheless , Figueroa ’s party is a bit like one of those inflatable bop bags that always get back up after being knocked down ; it simply refuses to give up and go away .
No matter how hard the government , the RCMP or Elections Canada has tried to kick it off the political scene , the Communists have always found a way to return .
Figueroa is simply the architect of the latest rebuilding , which , even after 17 years , hardly threatens to overturn the decades - long status quo of Liberal or Conservative rule .
But like its leader , the Communist Party of Canada is a regular , a fixture on the scene , not the flashiest customer but a reliable one .
And like Figueroa , it intends to stay that way .
May 3 , 2010
— Guenter Wendt , the original pad leader for NASA 's manned space program who was the last man the Apollo astronauts saw before launching to the moon , died at his home in Merritt Island , Fla. , early Monday ( May 3 ) after being hospitalized for congestive heart failure and then suffering a stroke .
He was 86 .
Reporting to Cape Canaveral as a McDonnell Aircraft Corp engineer working on missile projects soon after gaining his American citizenship in 1955 , Wendt , who was born and educated in Berlin , became part of the effort to launch the first U.S. astronauts into space .
As pad leader — or " pad führer " as the astronauts came to affectionately call him due to his strong German accent and unwavering rules —
Wendt oversaw the spacecraft on the launch pads and all who had access to them to ensure the safety of all those involved .
As he recalled in " The Unbroken Chain , " Wendt 's memoirs released in 2001 , " If you came up to the spacecraft , you did n't touch it without my permission .
During emergencies , I would n't have time to form a committee .
I had to make sure I had the authority to make the decision whenever anything became critical . "
" Simply put , in an emergency the buck stopped with me , " Wendt shared with his co-author Russell Still .
But when a fire broke out in the Apollo 1 spacecraft on the pad , an emergency that ultimately claimed the life of three astronauts , Wendt was not there .
After serving as the pad leader for the Mercury and Gemini missions , a change in contractors resulted in Wendt being reassigned .
" I showed them my previous job description , " Wendt wrote about North American Aviation , " and explained my need to have complete control in the white room . "
" They simply could not give that type of authority to a new comer [ to the company ] , " Wendt described , adding that he was offered a " watered - down version " of the position , but had to decline .
So it was by television that Wendt learned of the fire on the pad on Jan. 27 , 1967 .
" I remember the sudden weight I felt in my shoulders , " he described in his book .
" I slumped down in my chair as if I weighed a thousand pounds . "
" It seemed the blackest moment of my entire life and I cried at their loss , " Wendt revealed .
After the accident , NASA , and in particular Apollo 1 back - up astronaut Wally Schirra who was to command the next mission , demanded North American hire Wendt and give him full control of the white room and spacecraft .
Wendt 's first task was to identify the changes and develop the emergency procedures for the flight crew and his team on the pad , so that such an emergency would not happen again .
It was his commitment to their safety that earned Wendt the respect of the astronauts .
" Guenter was always a welcome sight in the white room , " wrote the late Gordon Cooper , one of the first seven U.S. astronauts and the last to fly a solo Mercury mission .
" He was the very essence of integrity and reliability and gave us a terrific boost in confidence on every launch . "
But even the spacemen were under Wendt 's rule when in and around the spacecraft .
" It 's easy to get along with Guenter , " shared Pete Conrad .
" All you have to do is agree with him . "
Wendt was more than the astronauts ' launch pad manager though , he was also their friend and a familiar face to see them off .
Though he did n't close the hatch to the spacecraft himself ( " that was my technicians " ) ,
Wendt was always the last to lean in and make sure the moon - bound crews were ready to go .
" I [ would ] lean in and ask each astronaut , ' Are you happy with your straps , with everything ? '
Everybody says ' Okay , ' we shake hands , ' Good luck , guys , ' " Wendt said in a 2002 interview .
Wendt and the astronaut crews exchanged more than just pleasantries on the pad , they also traded gifts — and not just any gifts , but gag gifts .
Looking to relieve some of the pressure off the astronauts during what was a highly stressful time , Wendt presented them with handmade ' gotchas ' and they answered in kind .
" Thinking of the ceremonial ' key to the city ' that frequently was given by politicians to visiting dignitaries , I came up with the idea of a key to the moon , " Wendt related in his book about the styrofoam crescent moon he fashioned for Neil Armstrong .
" Armstrong gave me a small card that was stuck under the wristband of his Omega watch .
It was a ticket for a space taxi ride , good ' between any two planets . ' "
Wendt never had the chance to redeem the ticket and ride into space himself , although he continued to oversee the safety of the astronauts through the end of the Apollo program and beginning flights of the space shuttle .
He retired from the space program in 1989 , after serving on the accident review board convened at Kennedy Space Center to investigate the loss of Challenger .
Even after his departure , Wendt remained active in space activities .
In addition to authoring " The Unbroken Chain , " he served as a technical consultant for Tom Hanks ' HBO miniseries " From the Earth to the Moon , " even making a cameo appearance .
Wendt was also recruited for the raising and recovery of the only U.S. manned spacecraft to be lost at sea , Liberty Bell 7 , the Mercury spacecraft flown by Gus Grissom .
He was there when the capsule was lifted off the ocean floor .
" Let me just go ahead and touch it after 38 years , " Wendt said , as the spacecraft he helped launch sat before him in 1999 .
Most recently , Wendt traveled just last month for the 40th anniversary of Apollo 13 , taking part in a panel discussion hosted by the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center in Hutchinson .
One of the white rooms in which Wendt spent his time preparing spacecraft is exhibited at the museum .
Wendt is survived by three daughters , five grandchildren , a great grandson and a great , great grandson .
If you follow me on twitter you might have read that I tried Riak at one point but then switched to Cassandra , anyway , one of the things with Riak that struck me as nice was the fact that you could access any node through HTTP .
As you also know if you ’re a regular reader of this blog or follow me on twitter is that I like PicoLisp ( PL ) .
Heck I even wrote an RSS reader in it , a decision I do n’t regret .
Lately I started looking into some legacy code used back in the days when the PL framework was using Java applets instead of HTML for the GUI .
The plan was to use it to send data back and forth between PicoLisp and Clojure by way of PLIO ( see the rd and pr functions of PL for more info ) .
However , during my contemplations I remembered Riak and how nice I thought the HTTP interface was .
Everything suddenly becomes simpler , for instance launching an API .
Plus the fact since we ’re talking of communication between two Lisps here we should be able to dispense with cumbersome stuff , JSON for instance , we just send lists back and forth !
Let ’s try it out , first the PL server :
( redef ht : Pack ( Lst ) ( ht : Pack ( replace Lst " + " " " ) ) ) ( de req ( Key ) ( get Key ' http ) ) ( de addLst ( ) ( httpHead " text / plain ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ( ht: Out T ( println ( sum + ( any ( req 'lst ) ) ) ) ) ) ( de multiply LstBy ( ) ( httpHead " text / plain ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ( ht: Out T ( println ( let Num2 ( any ( req ' num ) ) ( mapcar '(( Num1 ) ( * Num1 Num2 ) ) ' ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( de start ( ) ( off * JS ) ) ( de go ( ) ( server 8080 " @start " ) )
The above multiply LstBy can now be accessed through http://localhost:8080/@multiplyLstBy .
And the Clojure code :
( ns http - test ( :use [ clojure - http.client ] ) ) ( defn simple - post [ func post ] ( let [ response ( request ( str " http://localhost:8080 /@ " func ) " POST " {} {} post ) ] ( first ( : body - seq response ) ) ) ) ( println ( reduce + ( read - string ( simple - post " multiplyLstBy " { :num 3} ) ) ) ) ( println ( simple - post " addLst " { :lst ( list 1 2 3 ) } ) )
The above code is using the clojure - http - client library for the HTTP communication , anyway , the answers are 63 and 6 , we ’re in business !
Now read up on PL and its integrated database and get to it , you can even create distributed databases with it .
Granted , it would require more work than simply firing up Cassandra or Riak but the control you have over things is incomparable .
I mean what ’s the harm in writing some of your application logic in the database itself when the language you ’re using there is unsurpassed in succinctness and elegance ?
Like below for instance , let ’s import the social graph of LiveJournal which can be downloaded from Stanford :
( load " dbg.l " " lib/debug.l " " lib/http.l " " lib/xhtml.l " " lib/form.l " " lib/misc.l " ) ( setq * BP " /opt/picolisp/projects /db-server / " ) ( class + User + Entity ) ( rel uid ( + Key + Number ) ) ( class + ULink + Entity ) ( rel from ( + Aux + Ref + Link ) ( to ) NIL ( + User ) ) ( rel to ( + Ref + Link ) NIL ( + User ) ) ( dbs ( 4 + User ) ( 4 + ULink ) ( 4 ( + ULink from to ) ) ) ( pool ( pack * BP " db / " ) * Dbs ) ( dbSync ) ( in ( pack * BP " livejournal.txt " ) ( while ( line T ) ( let Line ( str @ ) ( when Line ( let ( FromU ( request '( + User ) ' uid ( car Line ) ) ToU ( request '( + User ) ' uid ( last Line ) ) ) ( println ( ; FromU uid ) " " ( ; ToU uid ) ) ( new ( db : + ULink ) '( + ULink ) ' from FromU ' to ToU ) ( at ( 0 . 10000 ) ( commit 'upd ) ( prune ) ( dbSyn c ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( commit ' upd )
The social graph of LiveJournal is a big bitch , the above took hours to complete , I should ’ve tried importing to memory first by doing ( let Lj ( in “ livejournal.txt ” ( till ) ) … ) and then working on the Lj variable .
For the record , I also had to chop off some meta info at the top of the file before I could use the above code to import it .
Anyway , the above will create users too ( by way of request ) in order to demonstrate how users can be fetched from the user links .
The Clojure call :
( map println ( read - string ( simple - post " getFriends " { : from 100} ) ) )
And the full code listing of the PicoLisp server which is responsible for handling the request :
( load " dbg.l " " lib/debug.l " " lib/http.l " " lib/xhtml.l " " lib/form.l " " lib/misc.l " ) ( setq * BP " /opt/picolisp/projects /db-server / " ) ( class + User + Entity ) ( rel uid ( + Key + Number ) ) ( class + ULink + Entity ) ( rel from ( + Aux + Ref + Link ) ( to ) NIL ( + User ) ) ( rel to ( + Ref + Link ) NIL ( + User ) ) ( dbs ( 4 + User ) ( 4 + ULink ) ( 4 ( + ULink from to ) ) ) ( pool ( pack * BP " db / " ) * Dbs ) ( redef ht : Pack ( Lst ) ( ht : Pack ( replace Lst " + " " " ) ) ) ( de req ( Key ) ( get Key ' http ) ) ( de getFriends ( ) ( httpHead " text / plain ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ( ht: Out T ( println ( mapcar '( ( El ) ( ; El to uid ) ) ( collect ' from '+ ULink ( db 'uid '+ User ( any ( req ' from ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( de start ( ) ( off * JS ) ) ( de go ( ) ( server 8080 " @start " ) )
So get Friends is where stuff is happening , the goal is to get the user ids of the users .
We begin by first fetching the user whose friends we want to list with the db call , then we proceed with collecting the links with collect .
Once we have the links we can assemble a list with guy number 100 ’s friends through simply link walking with ; and the get algorithm .
Note that the above query takes milliseconds to complete due to the fact that we ’re using + Ref and in some cases + Aux , in fact let ’s check out how + Aux could be used for full effect right away .
First the clojure call :
( println ( simple - post " friendCheck " {:user 100 : potential - friend 1125873} ) )
Since I ’ve already fetched all friends of user with id 100 i know for a fact that the guy with id 1125873 is already a friend of 100 , therefore the call has to return something , let ’s check out what it will return exactly :
( de get Usr ( Key ) ( db 'uid '+ User ( any ( req Key ) ) ) ) ( de friend Check ( ) ( httpHead " text / plain ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ( ht: Out T ( println ( aux ' from '+ ULink ( getUsr 'user ) ( getUsr ' potential - friend ) ) ) ) )
So I ’m using aux here in order to leverage the + Aux relation , needless to say the lookup is over within milliseconds if not microseconds on database files that contain many millions of records .
Anyway , on the Clojure side we see { 2 - 4hF} , if they had n’t been friends we would ’ve seen NIL .
The { 2 - 4hF} is actually the link object ’s location on disc .
Let ’s see if we can use that fact to get the user id of the friend , yes I know we already know the id but pretend we had had more attributes than just the user id in the user and we wanted to get the username or something .
( de areq ( Key ) ( any ( req Key ) ) ) ( de getUsrAttrFromLink ( ) ( httpHead " text / plain ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ( ht: Out T ( println ( get ( areq ' link ) ( areq ' direction ) ( areq ' attr ) ) ) ) )
Again we use get to access the user attribute .
Let ’s check out the Clojure needed to call the above :
( println ( simple - post " getUsrAttrFromLink " {:link " {2 - 4hF} " : direction " to " : attr " uid " } ) )
So objects can be used in for instance a GUI served up by Clojure by way of external references of objects on disc , in this case { 2 - 4hF} , that could come in handy if a unique id is missing , like the uid of + User which we can use there to access any user .
I hope that the above has sparked your interest in PicoLisp as a way of storing data , regardless if you use PL for your controller / view logic or not , in this case we use Clojure for that due to the fact that we then can access the full repertoire of Java , ie we get a lot of code for free that we would ’ve had to make ourselves if we had gone all out PL .
Trust me I ’ve been there and done that , it can get frustrating , hence me looking into Clojure .
Related Posts
Good news for women who hate internet porn :
Men are increasingly bored with the genre 's fake female characters and implausible situations .
The bad news :
Men are increasingly getting off to actual females they know , via Facebook pictures .
All this according to an informal survey by the Daily Beast 's Amanda Marcotte .
True , Marcotte 's evidence is thin and she might have been trying to gin up a trend story .
But the idea that men get off on women to whom they " have a real - life attraction , " as one man tells Marcotte , is basically the founding idea behind the social network .
" It was n't just that Mark [ Zuckerberg , Facebook founder ] had put up pictures of hot girls , " writes Ben Mezrich in his book about the company 's origins , " but [ he ] offered up pictures of girls whom the kids at Harvard knew , sometimes personally . "
This sort of thing , which is just a variation on men ogling photographs , or holding on to old memories , is only creepy if you are made aware of it .
Which is why it 's great that Facebook has such an awesome handle on privacy .
Ahem .
Medical researchers at the University of Alberta have reported evidence that the orphan generic drug dichloroacetate ( DCA ) may hold promise as potential therapy for perhaps the deadliest of all human cancers : a form of brain cancer called glioblastoma .
The report is published at the journal Science Translational Medicine , a journal of the American Association of the Advancement of Science .
In 2007 the U of A team led by Dr. Evangelos Michelakis , published evidence that DCA reverses cancer growth in non-human models and test tubes .
The team showed then that DCA achieves these antitumor effects by altering the metabolism of cancer .
By altering the way cancer handles its nutrient fuels , specifically the sugars , DCA was able to take away cancer 's most important strength , the resistance to death .
Since then , several independent groups across the world have confirmed the Alberta team 's findings .
In December 2009 , the editors of " Science " predicted that cancer metabolism is one of only 5 areas across all scientific disciplines , to " watch for major breakthroughs " in 2010 .
The U of A team set out to show that the way that DCA works in actual patients is the same with the way it works in the lab .
In addition , researchers wanted to show whether DCA is safe and possibly effective in very sick patients with brain cancer .
By extracting glioblastomas from 49 patients over a period of 2 years and studying them within minutes of removal in the operating room , the team showed that tumors respond to DCA by changing their metabolism .
Then , the team treated 5 patients with advanced glioblastoma and secured tumor tissues before and after the DCA therapy .
By comparing the two , the team showed that DCA works in these tumors exactly as was predicted by test tube experiments .
This is very important because often the results in non-human models tested in the lab do not agree with the results in patients .
In addition , the team showed that DCA has anti-cancer effects by altering the metabolism of glioblastoma cancer stem cells , the cells thought responsible for the recurrences of cancer .
In the 5 patients tested , the drug took 3 months to reach blood levels high enough to alter the tumor 's metabolism .
At those levels , there were no significant adverse effects .
However , at some of the higher doses tested , DCA caused nerve malfunction , i.e. numbing of toes and fingers .
Importantly , in some patients there was also evidence for clinical benefit , with the tumors either regressing in size or not growing further during the 18 month study .
No conclusions can be made on whether the drug is safe or effective in patients with this form of brain cancer , due to the limited number of patients tested by the study 's leads Drs Michelakis and Petruk .
Researchers emphasize that use of DCA by patients or physicians , supplied from for - profit sources or without close clinical observation by experienced medical teams in the setting of research trials , is not only inappropriate but may also be dangerous .
The U of A results are encouraging and support the need for larger clinical trials with DCA .
This work is also one of the first in humans to support the emerging idea that altering the metabolism of tumors is a new direction in the treatment of cancer , Michelakis and Petruk said .
The research team hopes to secure additional funding to continue the ongoing trials with DCA at the University of Alberta .
Further studies would include more patients with brain cancer , and test the combination of DCA and standard chemotherapies , eventually including patients from other academic health sciences centres .
One of the intriguing features of this work was that it was funded largely by public donations , including philanthropic foundations and individuals .
In addition , it received strong support by Alberta public institutions , both the University of Alberta and Alberta Health Sciences .
The multidisciplinary team that performed this challenging translational research included members of the Departments of Medicine , Diagnostic Imaging and Biomedical Engineering , Oncology and Neurosurgery .
Clinicians , scientists , nurses and graduate students worked together for 2 years and express their gratitude to the people of Alberta , philanthropists , the patients and their families .
Posted on May 5 , 2010
" Does This Look Like A Terrorist ? " : GOP Candidate Advocates Racial Profiling In Controversial Ads
" Does this look like a terrorist ? "
Republican candidate for Congress Dan Fanelli asks in one ad , pointing to a white man , " or this ? " he asks , turning to a man of Middle - Eastern descent .
In another ad he has two " terrorists " talking about martyrdom and killing infidels .
In a third ad he grabs a man posing as a terrorist strapped with a bomb and tells viewers he 'll make sure " guys like this get no where near " planes .
Fanelli is seeking to replace controversial Democratic incumbent Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) .
A medieval tradition .
A pilgrimage that has occurred for over 600 years in honor of the Battle of Näfels .
All gloves are off between Google and Apple , after the search giant unveiled a host of products to compete with the Cupertino company .
Following Google TV and Flash on Android , Google will also take on Apple 's iTunes through the acquisition of music streaming service Simplify Media , and a music store in the Android Market .
Google 's engineering Vice President Vic Gundotra announced at the Google I/O conference on Thursday that it will begin offering a desktop app based on technology acquired from Simplify Media about two months ago .
Simplify 's software lets users stream music from their iTunes libraries from their home computers to other mobile devices , through the Internet .
Google said it will use this software to allow Android users to stream their desktops at home to their phones , via a dedicated service .
Simplify Media 's software runs on Windows and Mac computers , and works not only with iTunes ( non -DRM songs ) , but also with WinAmp and Windows Media Player .
Despite multiple operating systems supported for desktops , it seems Simplify 's mobile software will be exclusive to Android , as the company retracted its iPhone and iPod touch apps from the Apple App Store when Google acquired it .
Gundotra also briefly showed off what it would become the Android Market music store , as TechChrunch 's MG Siegler points out .
Basically , Google would let users search for songs in the Android Market Music section , and download them on to their phones .
This so - called Music section in the Android Market is practically like the iTunes Store on the iPhone , but built into the App Store app .
Of course , due to different naming conventions between Apple and Google 's mobile OSs , Google is able to integrate music straight into its app store , without having to promote a different app to users .
However , there are no other details on partners or prices for songs sold through the Android Market so far .
This story , " Android Music Store to Take on Apple iTunes " was originally published by PCWorld .
Seth Klarman is worth listening to , especially when markets go mad .
Mr. Klarman is president of the Baupost Group , an investment firm in Boston that manages $ 22 billion .
His three private partnerships have returned an annual average of around 19 % since inception in 1983 — and nearly 17 % annually over the past decade , as stocks went nowhere .
To measure Mr. Klarman 's importance as an investor , you need only see the value his rivals place upon his words .
You could have earned at least a 20 % average annual return since 1991 — better than twice the performance of the market — merely by buying and holding Mr. Klarman 's book , " Margin of Safety " :
Published that year at a cover price of $ 25 , hard copies now fetch up to $ 2,400 .
But the professorial Mr. Klarman speaks in public about as often as the Himalayan yeti .
He made an exception last Tuesday , when I interviewed him in front of a standing - room - only crowd of 1,600 financial analysts at the CFA Institute annual meeting in Boston .
He then made another exception , speaking with me over the phone later to clarify points that he feared had been misconstrued .
Mr. Klarman specializes in buying securities that nauseate other investors .
As the credit crisis exploded , he put more than a third of his assets into high - yield bonds and mortgage - related securities .
I asked him what he had meant , in a recent letter to his clients , when he compared the financial markets to a Hostess Twinkie .
" There is no nutritional value , " he said .
" There is nothing natural in the markets .
Everything is being manipulated by the government . "
He added , " I 'm skeptical that the European bailout will work . "
A JAPANESE spacecraft will land in Australia in June , bringing with it samples from an asteroid found 300 million kilometres from Earth .
The unmanned Hayabusa spacecraft , launched in May 2003 , will become the first spacecraft to bring asteroid material to Earth when it lands in Woomera , South Australia , later this year .
Asteroid explorer ... the Hayabusa Spacecraft .
Credit : Akihiro Ikeshita
'' This is the first sample of a solid solar system body brought back since the moon missions some 40 years ago , '' said Jonathan Nally , editor of spaceinfo.com.au . '' It 's a tremendous achievement by the Japanese . ''
The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency said the 510 - kilogram spacecraft made contact with the Itokawa asteroid in 2005 and has been making its return to Earth since then .
The case of Australia 's longest - serving detainee shows no signs of being resolved , the immigration ombudsman has found .
The woman , referred to in public documents as Ms X , has been in detention for more than nine years .
In October 2009 , the United Nations Human Rights Committee ( UNHRC ) found her extended period of detention , without any substantive judicial review , was arbitrary .
On that basis , it concluded Australia had breached the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights .
The UNHRC also warned that if Ms X was deported - without China promising not to harm her - Australia risked another breach of its international obligations .
Cyclists hate drivers that do n't give them enough room on the road
Drivers hate cyclists that use roads they did n't pay for
Cyclists hate drivers that do n't pay attention
Drivers hate cyclists that see stop signs and traffic lights as optional
Cyclists hate drivers that think bikes can't be lawfully ridden on the road
Drivers hate cyclists that slow traffic
The number of arguments leveled at one another is the ultimate fodder for Interweb trolls but the consistent pattern I see is the hatred part .
As a vehicle driver and dedicated cyclist I 'd like to take a slightly different approach to this :
Dear 99 % of Drivers :
In the last year I 've put close to four thousand miles on my various bikes , a large number of them on public roads in several states .
While I have encountered my share of drivers that either do n't see me or do n't want me on the road , you were not one of them .
You pulled your vehicle as far over as you safely could to give me the room I need for both of us to share the road together .
You waited an extra 5 seconds to let me pass before making that right turn that would have cut me off .
On that narrow country road you stayed behind me when we approached that blind curve or hill until I could see ahead to tell you the road was clear and that you could pass me safely .
You were n't composing a text message on your cell phone at the same moment you began to pass me on the road .
Or ever while you were driving for that matter .
You saw me trying to cross a busy road and safely slowed down , flashing your lights to let me cross without disrupting the flow of traffic or making the people behind you slam on their brakes .
When you pulled up to an intersection to make a right turn you did n't automatically push the nose of your car out into the area my bike was riding in .
These are just a few of the things you did to help us both safely share the road .
I do n't know if you could tell by seeing me on my bike but I 'm a father , a husband , a neighbor , a son , a brother and a friend .
I do know that you saw me as a person , not as an obstacle that needed to be overcome .
Your awareness of your surroundings was n't limited to the interior of your car .
In return I promise to do my part .
I 'll continue to keep as far right as I safely can .
Sometimes I have to swing out a little further into the road than I like because I 've had people open their car doors into me .
I may hold you up on narrow roads but I want you to safely pass me as soon as possible ; as soon as I see that you can pass I 'll wave you forward and if I can pull it off safely I 'll wave to you or give you a thumbs up .
I know you 're just following the law but that does n't mean I do n't appreciate it .
Sure , there are still lots of drivers out there that do n't understand how fragile a person on a bike is and there are lots of cyclists that disregard common courtesy and the rules of the road as well .
The reality is they are a minority , and hopefully a shrinking one .
This letter is n't directed at them though .
It 's directed at you .
Thanks for sharing the road with me .
-- David
For the last several years my blog has focused on switching from Windows to Mac and the occasional posts on starting a new business .
These are both topics I intend to continue with , I just want to mix in my passion for cycling and exercise as well .
I 'm always looking at technology that I can use with my Macs , iPhone or iPad to make my cycling and exercise experiences better and hope to write about that as well .
The news always seems to be carrying some story about a cyclist and a driver getting into a fight or of a cyclist being struck by a car while they are riding .
When these stories are discussed in the comments section of a news site tempers flare and heated arguments about sharing the road break out .
The pattern is so consistent that you can predict it pretty accurately :
Fallout : New Vegas lead Josh Sawyer has answered a few more questions about RPGs and game development via his Formspring page .
Have a read :
Q : Are gameplay and the ability to express your character 's personality in meaningful ways in the game world two different components for you , or is the latter a possible component of the former ?
I 'm not quite sure what you think from reading your answers .
A : The latter is part of the former .
It 's essentially ( at its best ) a form of strategic game play .
Q : When designers talk about introducing less granularity , what do they mean ?
A : Granularity is a way of describing subdivision of units on a given scale .
If something has fine granularity , the units on the game 's scale are small compared to the whole .
E.g. one point on a one hundred point scale .
Assuming a linear scale , a one point increment would be virtually impossible to notice .
Coarse granularity might be something like a four point scale with one point increments .
Each increment is 25 % , so it 's easy to notice changes even if you can't see the numbers .
Fine granularity allows for a smoother transition and it can make point investment more flexible ( e.g. 100 unit skills ) , but it 's practically impossible for players to notice changes without having the numbers right in front of them .
In many cases , small changes on a fine scale do not actually impact game play in any practical way .
Q : You 've answered a lot of questions about RPGs , but what do you think makes a game an " adventure " game ?
Insofar as I can tell it just seems to refer to any game that does n't easily fit into another genre .
A : Answer the following questions :
* Does the game allow you to develop and use tactics ?
* Does the game allow you to develop and deploy a strategy ?
* Does the game allow you to resolve conflicts in multiple ways ?
If you answered " no " to all of the above , you 're playing a " pure " adventure / puzzle game .
If you answered " yes " to one or more of the above , it may be another sort of game , one that is still currently made .
Q : How do publishers and developers interact in the world of game design ?
Is it usual for publishing companies to get residuals , or are they usually just funded and compensated for development ?
A : Publishers take the majority of profits .
Developers are paid on a milestone basis with some bonuses or royalties ( usually ) negotiated into the contract , but said bonuses / royalties are usually contingent on some strict criteria ( shipped on time , 85 % + rated , X million units sold , etc. ) .
In the 11 years I 've been in the industry , I 've received one royalty check for one game : Icewind Dale .
Some very successful companies have a lot of bonuses and royalties flying around , but they are the exception .
Q : As a " hardcore " RPG developer , Obsidian could make a mint releasing budget hardcore RPGs on Steam that focus more on story than graphics and take less development time or resources .
Does this interest you at all ?
A : Story vs. graphics is n't actually an antagonistic relationship in my opinion .
I do n't think I 've ever had an experience during development where I 've thought , " If only this game could get by with lower fidelity graphics , then I could tell the story I really want to tell . "
What lower budget titles offer to developers and publishers is lower loss potential .
If a project " only " costs $ 1 - 3 million to make , even if it sells zero copies , the publisher is only out $ 1 - 3 million .
Compared to the operating project budget of most publishers , that 's relatively minor .
Lower loss potential can possibly be negotiated into " wacky game idea time " .
So if you want to make a game that has really niche or experimental game play , a non-traditional setting / set of characters , etc. , a lower budget game is probably the place you 're going to do it -- if anywhere .
As a side note , I am not primarily interested in telling stories .
I am a game designer and my primary interest is in making games .
I always want the stories in the games I work on to be good , but that is secondary to ensuring that the game play is enjoyable .
If I were fundamentally concerned with telling stories , I would become a writer .
Q : So you 've made it pretty clear that you 're more interested in developing games than writing the stories in those games , despite your company 's reputation .
Do you at all resent that so many people keep focusing on Obsidian 's writing ?
A : Not at all , but I think people should have higher standards for game play .
Slapping " RPG " on a game should not give it a free pass for clumsy or poorly balanced mechanics .
Additionally , I believe that an RPG with a " great story " that does not mechanically work well with player choice might as well not be an RPG .
A lot of RPG designers fixate on telling the player a story instead of giving players tools to make * their * stories unique and reactive .
Q : When defining an RPG , what about abstracted mechanics ?
IMO , a greater degree of abstraction that explicitly expresses or rewards a player 's choices should be part of the definition , would you agree or disagree ?
A : Agree , and I think it can apply to any / all aspects of game play : conversation choices , skill choices , weapon choices , etc .
If have two weapons available to me , make them tactically different , then present me with situations where their tactical differences matter .
If I make a strategic decision to invest in one skill / faction / " alignment " over another , be sure to reward me for my choice and also remind me what I am missing out on because of that same choice .
BOZEMAN , Mont . —
When dozens of wild American bison wandered out of Yellowstone National Park in search of greener grass and wound up five years later sheltered on a giant ranch owned by Ted Turner , media mogul and bison meat kingpin , the species reached what many believe could be a turning point .
Mr. Turner , under an unusual custodial contract with the state of Montana , offered to shepherd the animals for the next five years as part of an experimental program .
It will grant him a sizable portion of their offspring in exchange , much to the chagrin of environmentalists who sued the state , saying the bison belong to the public .
Mr. Turner is not restrained from using the bison for commercial breeding or sale .
The “ Yellowstone 87 ” are a kind of Noah ’s ark of their kind .
Genetically , these bison still carry the shaggy swagger of their Ice Age forebears that lived alongside saber - toothed cats and woolly mammoths .
Montana wildlife managers hope they will be the fount for establishing new free - roaming populations elsewhere in the state or around the West — if the animals prove , through the five years of testing , to be free of diseases that can infect cattle , especially brucellosis .
Looks like Mitch McConnell is channeling his buddy Lisa Murkowski on lifting the $ 75 million cap on damages for the oil companies .
So let 's see if we can follow Mitch McConnell 's logic here .
He does n't want anyone to be able to sue the oil companies for more than $ 75 million in damages because it might put some of the smaller oil companies out of business .
I would assume lifting that cap would only put them out of business if they actually they did more than $ 75 million worth of damage .
So I guess that means McConnell would like for small companies to be allowed to do more damage than they can afford to pay for , because putting an unsafe company that did that much damage out of business would be worse than ... allowing them to do more damage than they are capable of paying for .
The mind reels .
GREGORY : Let me turn to the issue of the BP oil spill , which the president was quite angry about after the appearance by CEOs on Capitol Hill this past week , including the CEO of BP .
You heard Senator Schumer say there ought to be more effort on the part of the government to look over the shoulders of the oil companies .
What do you say ?
McCONNELL : Well , look , we 're all angry about it .
This is a-- an environmental disaster of gargantuan proportions , but the president 's spent a whole lot of time pointing the finger at , at BP -- and you should point the finger at BP and the other companies involved in it .
We 're also interested in knowing what the administration did .
Was the Mineral Management Service a part of this administration that approved this site ?
It also approved this spill response plan .
What kind of oversight did the administration provide during the course of the drilling ?
There are plenty of questions that need to be answered , and there 'll be adequate time for that .
But the administration 's involvement in this will be a big part of the inquiry .
In the meantime , we need to do everything we can to stop this spill .
GREGORY : What about the issue of legitimate claims , as BP said , that it will honor ?
Do you think that the cap for damages should be higher now , higher than $ 75 million , as you heard Senator Schumer say they would propose ?
McCONNELL : Well , the danger in that , of course , is that if you raise the cap too high , there will be no competition in the Gulf and you 'll leave all the business to the big guys like BP .
What BP has said they need to be held to , which is they 're going to pay for this .
They ought to pay for it , and they will pay for it .
But the danger of taking the cap too high is that you end up with only massive , very large oil producers able to meet that cap and produce in the Gulf .
And look , we can't walk away -- and the president 's not suggesting this either - - from offshore drilling .
As horrible as this is , it 's important to remember that we get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf and , if you shut that down , you 'd have $ 14 gasoline .
Patent Absurdity explores the case of software patents and the history of judicial activism that led to their rise , and the harm being done to software developers and the wider economy .
The film is based on a series of interviews conducted during the Supreme Court 's review of in re Bilski — a case that could have profound implications for the patenting of software .
The Court 's decision is due soon ...
With interviews from Eben Moglen , Dan Bricklin , Karen Sandler , Richard Stallman and others ...
A Liberal senator has encouraged smokers to keep up their habit , saying smokers die early and save the health system money .
Liberal powerbroker Nick Minchin has slammed the federal government 's plan to increase the tax on cigarettes as he told smokers to " go for it " .
" They die early , they actually save us money , " Senator Minchin told ABC television last night .
He rejected comments by another panellist on the ABC 's Q&A program that smokers should pay more tax because they cost the health system money by getting sick .
May 26 , 2010  --
A team of Justice Department attorneys has written a recommendation challenging the Arizona immigration law .
The draft recommendation , part of an ongoing Justice Department review , concludes the Arizona legislature exceeded its authority in crafting a law that could impede federal responsibility for enforcing immigration laws .
Some department lawyers are also concerned that the law could lead to abuses based on race .
The review , however , is not yet complete and there are some within the Justice Department who challenge the recommendation 's legal analysis .
Sources tell ABC
News that the ongoing review may take weeks more and that no formal recommendation has been sent to the White House .
The White House will have to give its stamp of approval for the Justice Department to challenge the law because this is a civil case .
The Arizona immigration law passed in late April is set to be implemented on July 29 , barring any legal challenges .
The controversial law that has attracted international attention and sparked protests around the country essentially gives Arizona law enforcement greater authority to look for and arrest illegal immigrants .
The bill would allow the police to question and arrest people without warrant if there is " reasonable suspicion " about their immigration status , and to charge undocumented citizens with " trespassing . "
People would have to carry proof of their immigration status and can be arrested if they do n't have proper documents .
It would become illegal for people to employ illegal immigrants or to transport them anywhere in the state , even if they are family members .
A number of police chiefs , including those from Phoenix and Tucson , came to the Department of Justice today to meet with Attorney General Eric Holder to discuss their opposition to the new law .
The police chiefs told Holder that the law is driving a wedge between them and people in their communities .
Other chiefs that attended included those from Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Houston and the Arizona Chiefs Association .
Today , the number of Americans who are able to financially survive without any reliance on the U.S. government whatsoever is declining at a staggering rate .
Whether it is through direct handouts , entitlement programs , student loans , government bailouts , government contracts or direct employment , the truth is that now a solid majority of the American people are at least partially dependent on the federal government for their economic survival .
The sad thing is that the majority of the American people say that there is too much government in their lives when opinion polls are taken , but if you try to take the government check that they are getting away from them those same people will scream bloody murder .
See the 11 signs the government is too big here >
But the truth is that it is getting to be really , really hard to be completely independent of the U.S. government economically .
That is because the U.S. government has their hands in almost everything .
The ideal of a " limited federal government " has long since faded away .
Very few people seem to believe in it anymore .
Instead , Americans today look to the federal government as the answer to all of our problems , as the provider of all of our needs , and as the regulator of every single detail of our lives .
The U.S. government has become the " Big Mother " that we all scramble to for a handout when we get into trouble .
When you sit down and really analyze it , you quickly realize that there is no way that the U.S. government can be extricated from the U.S. economy now .
Instead of the free enterprise system that we once had in this country , today we have a situation where the U.S. government has become the very core of the economy .
It is the hub around which everything else in the economy revolves .
You do n't believe this ?
The following are 11 signs that the U.S. government has become an overgrown monstrosity that almost every American is dependent upon for economic survival ....
Scottish hero comedian Frankie Boyle has accused the BBC Trust of cowardly behaviour .
Boyle published an open letter describing the situation in Palestine as " in essence , apartheid " and lamenting the fact that the BBC was " now cravenly afraid of giving offence and vulnerable to any kind of well - drilled lobbying " .
Back in 2008 Boyle made an astute joke on BBC ’s Radio 4 programme Political Animal .
" I 've been studying Israeli army martial arts .
I now know 16 ways to kick a Palestinian woman in the back .
People think that the Middle East is very complex but I have an analogy that sums it up quite well .
If you imagine that Palestine is a big cake , well … that cake is being punched to pieces by a very angry Jew . "
In fact , no one can describe the barbarism and collective sadism performed by the Jewish State more accurately .
Following a complaint from a listener who said the comments were " disgusting " and " anti-Semitic " , the BBC Trust 's editorial standards committee investigated and apologised .
The committee said it endorsed the editorial complaints unit 's finding into the use of the word " Jew " .
So here we are again .
Someone out there in the BBC insists on telling us all how to employ the word ‘ Jew ’ .
Clearly it is not going to work .
Israel defines itself as the Jewish state .
It commits colossal crimes in the name of world Jewry .
With all due respect to Jews , their pride and their sensitivities , the English language is not yet a possession of the Israeli Government or the Labour Friends Of Israel or the BBC .
Every crime committed by the Jewish state is engraved within our lingual symbolic notion of the ‘ Jew ’ .
As much as Jews love to regard themselves as the ‘ light onto the nations ’ , their Jewish state presents us with one of the darkest phases in the history of humanism .
Boyle wrote " I think the problem here is that the show 's producers [ not the BBC line managers ] will have thought that Israel , an aggressive , terrorist state with a nuclear arsenal , was an appropriate target for satire " .
I would add here that the attempt to block any discussion on Israel is just another symptom of Jewish power .
However this power falls apart once challenged publicly by people such as Boyle and others .
Well done Frankie Boyle , and do not forget , if they really manage to upset you out there in the BBC , you can always join my jazz band and scat with us all the way till the end of bop .
Citigroup ’s total E - mini volume for the entire day was only 9 billion , suggesting that the origin of the trades was elsewhere , according to someone close to Citigroup ’s own probe of the situation .
The E - minis trade on the CME .
A CME spokesman said it found no problems with its systems .
The Nasdaq and New York Stock Exchange took the unusual step of declaring that they would cancel some trades that took place during the height of the selloff .
Both markets said they will cancel all trades more than 60 percent above or below market that occurred between 2:40 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. New York time .
Other market sources said the erroneous trading involved the IWD exchange - traded fund or the S&P 500 Mini , according to Reuters .
A person close to BlackRock , which manages the IWD , said there was no unusual trading in the iShares product .
Amid the sell - off , Procter & Gamble shares plummeted nearly 37 percent to $ 39.37 at 2:47 p.m. EDT , prompting the company to investigate whether any erroneous trades had occurred .
The shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange , but the significantly lower share price was recorded on a different electronic trading venue .
" We do n't know what caused it , " said Procter & Gamble spokeswoman Jennifer Chelune .
" We know that that was an electronic trade ... and we 're looking into it with Nasdaq and the other major electronic exchanges . "
A different P&G spokesman had said earlier the company contacted the Securities and Exchange Commission , but Chelune said that he spoke in error .
One NYSE employee leaving the Big Board 's headquarters in lower Manhattan said the P&G share plunge lay at the center of whatever happened .
" I 'll give you a tip , " the employee said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
" P& G . Check out the low sale of the day .
Something screwed up with the system .
It traded down $ 30 at one point . "
Nasdaq said it was working with other major markets to review the market activity that occurred between 2:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. , when the market plunge happened .
The exchange later said it was investigating potentially erroneous transactions involving multiple securities executed between 2:40 and 3:00 p.m .
Nasdaq also said participants should review their trading activity for potentially erroneous trades .
The massive selloff , which began shortly after 2 p.m. ET , amplified concerns about the spreading European debt crisis as the approval of austerity measures by the Greek Parliament sparked renewed rioting in Athens .
" There is simply a growing recognition that Greece has got to default , " banking analyst Dick Bove told CNBC.com .
" The riots in the streets showed the decision to repay the debt was not going to be made by the people in Germany , France and Switzerland — it 's going to be made by people in Greece and they 're not going to repay it . "
There also is a growing sense that any collapse of Greece could trigger a wave of defaults across Europe and even the world .
" We 've seen a crisis start in a country — Greece — become regional , impact the whole of the Euro zone and is on the verge of truly going global , " El - Erian , CEO of the world 's biggest bond fund , told CNBC shortly before the selloff began .
( Click here for story )
— Reuters contributed to this report
The right - wing zealots were forced to release their unedited ACORN pimp tapes to California Attorney General Jerry Brown .
Brown found that O'Keefe had never claimed to be a pimp , and that the editing was creative to the point of dishonesty .
He 's not the first to find similar nefarious - ness behind the ACORN tapes .
James O'Keefe , an activist who thinks he's a journalist , had claimed that he 'd wandered into ACORN offices dressed as a pimp , accompanied by a friend dressed as a prostitute , and found them willing to dispense illegal advice .
Previous investigations had found that , and Andrew Breitbart ( his mentor at BigGovernment.org , who aired the videos ) had done some , um , creative editing .
But Brown 's findings are the most damning yet .
Here , via MediaMatters , is one excerpt from Brown 's office 's report , and another from their press release .
The findings echo those of all the professionals — including the Brooklyn DA 's office — who have looked into the matter .
ACORN was by no means perfect , but :
O'Keefe stated he was out to make a point and to damage ACORN and therefore did not act as a journalist objectively reporting a story .
The video releases were heavily edited to feature only the worst or most inappropriate statements of the various ACORN employees , and to omit some of the most salient statements by O'Keefe and Giles .
Videotapes secretly recorded last summer and severely edited by O'Keefe seemed to show ACORN employees encouraging a " pimp " ( O' Keefe ) and his " prostitute , " actually a Florida college student named Hannah Miles , in conversations involving prostitution by underage girls , human trafficking and cheating on taxes .
Those videos created a media sensation .
Evidence obtained by Brown tells a somewhat different story , however , as reflected in three videotapes made at ACORN locations in California .
One ACORN worker in San Diego called the cops .
Another ACORN worker in San Bernardino caught on to the scheme and played along with it , claiming among other things that she had murdered her abusive husband .
Her two former husbands are alive and well , the Attorney General 's report noted .
At the beginning and end of the Internet videos , O'Keefe was dressed as a 1970s Superfly pimp , but in his actual taped sessions with ACORN workers , he was dressed in a shirt and tie , presented himself as a law student , and said he planned to use the prostitution proceeds to run for Congress .
He never claimed he was a pimp .
O'Keefe asked for , and was granted immunity from prosecution for breaching California 's privacy laws in exchange for the unedited tapes .
There 's so much more , and links to the unedited tapes ( if you can sit through them ) here .
Despite stepped - up security at China ’s schools , another kindergarten was the scene of a gruesome rampage Wednesday when a middle - aged man armed with a kitchen knife hacked to death seven children and a teacher .
The latest in a troubling string of attacks on children took place at 8 a.m. Wednesday at the Linchang Village Kindergarten in the town of Hanzhong , about 100 miles southwest Xian , famous for its terra-cotta warriors .
The killer was identified by the official New China News Agency as 48 - year - old Wu Huanmin .
He reportedly escaped from the scene and killed himself at home .
Some reports said he was the landlord for the school , which provided instruction and childcare for children as young as 3 .
Besides the pupils killed , 20 were reported injured .
A posting on the Tianya news forum said that there might have been more than one person involved and that the criminals got into the kindergarten by driving a van into the main gate .
The report could not be verified .
News coverage was sketchy , with few Chinese - language websites reporting on the attack and the report from New China posted only in English .
Chinese authorities have avoided publicizing such attacks on the grounds that they could inspire copycat killers .
Wednesday ’s attack is the deadliest since March 23 , when an unemployed doctor stabbed to death eight children in Nanping City , Fujian province .
Since then , there have been half a dozen similar rampages around China , almost all of them involving middle - aged men who went after young children with knives , cleavers , axes and in one case , gasoline .
“ The atmosphere is very bad these days .
People are really terrified , ” said a doctor who gave her name as Yu from the Shankou Village Medical Clinic , which is near the school that was attacked .
She said she was leaving early to pick up her 8 - year - old grandson from school .
Around the country , police and paramilitary forces have been assigned to watch schools at key hours when children are coming and going , and security guards have been trained to use batons to defend schools against knife - wielding attackers .
In Nanzheng county , where Liulang village is located , a conference on school security took place May 5 , exactly a week before the attack .
“ It is mission impossible to prevent these attacks in the short term .
More and more people have been inspired to copy what the others have done , and it is very difficult to stop them , ” said Liu Shanying , a political scientist with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing .
China has strict controls on guns , but large knives and cleavers are found in every Chinese kitchen .
Liu said it is no coincidence that all the attackers have been middle - aged men living in small towns .
“ When you look at attacks in the United States , it is usually about social isolation or pressure at school , but these are men in their 40s , who feel they did n’t enjoy the fruits of economic development and have passed the golden period where they can improve their lives , ” he said .
“ They feel they have no other way to express their grievances .
They go after the most defenseless segment of the population , young children , in order to kill as many people as possible . ”
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Nicole Liu and Tommy Yang in The Times ’ Beijing Bureau contributed to this report .
A tanker truck explosion closed one of the Southland ’s busiest freeways for more than eight hours Friday , creating havoc for hundreds of thousands of commuters and motorists trying to get a start on the Memorial Day weekend .
Traffic backed up for miles in Riverside , Orange and San Bernardino counties starting about 10:30 a.m. after the truck , loaded with 8,800 gallons of gasoline , overturned and burned in the eastbound lanes of the 91 Freeway in Corona .
California Highway Patrol officers said three people were taken to hospitals for minor to moderate injuries .
The truck driver was not injured .
The wreck prompted the CHP to close the eastbound lanes of the freeway at Green River Road .
The westbound lanes were closed at the 71 Freeway for safety reasons , as was the southbound 71 at Euclid Avenue .
Advertisement
All of the 91’s westbound lanes , which head to Orange County , were reopened about 2:45 p.m .
Three eastbound lanes were reopened about 7 p.m .
But the carpool lane and two other lanes will remain closed until the California Department of Transportation can inspect the pavement for damage and make repairs if necessary .
The 91 is one of the most congested highways in Southern California and the only major corridor between Orange and Riverside counties .
During the typical workweek , motorists often make more than 300,000 trips a day on the freeway — a flow that mostly heads west during the morning rush hour and reverses direction for the evening commute .
“ Traffic was backed up on most of the arterials and the freeways , ” said CHP Officer Maurice Walker .
“ This is the Memorial Day weekend .
There were a lot of people trying to get somewhere for the holiday . ”
Walker cautioned that motorists traveling east on the 91 during the weekend are likely to be delayed because the three closed lanes will create a bottleneck .
Advertisement
According to the CHP , the tanker was involved in a chain - reaction crash triggered by another truck that collided with a Mitsubishi sedan and the tanker .
Trying to take evasive action , the driver of the tanker lost control and struck a Honda .
The tanker then flipped over before exploding in a fireball .
Walker said the impact forced the Honda over the center divider into the westbound lanes , where it struck two other vehicles .
“ I was about three cars back , so all I saw was the tanker sliding across .
It hit the center divider , went airborne and burst into flames , ” said Brandon Leger , a motorist who saw the crash .
“ It was unreal . ”
Witnesses said the flames rose more than 100 feet and created a column of smoke that could be seen for about 30 miles to the east .
Firefighters let the blaze burn itself out , which took several hours .
Advertisement
dan.weikel@latimes.com
Los Angeles has been " gentrified " and made more stable in many of its areas by immigrant settlement , but the phenomenon of Anglo “ gentrification ” – what used to be " yuppies " or their more contemporary counterparts ( original " yuppies " are now in their 50s ) upgrading a formerly " bad " neighborhood by pushing up rents and squeezing out existing relatively poor folks – is rarer in Los Angeles than in almost any other American city .
The closest thing to it has occurred in a few " paleo- urbanist " beach communities .
( " Paleo- urbanist " means planned to New Urbanist specifications , but nearly a century ago ! )
And I think the reason for it has to do with the massive projects by the Irvine Company especially in the 60s and 70s .
These projects , plus the nearby existence of Newport Beach – already a " watering spot " for the WAS ( WASP but including Catholics , this being California ) – plus the riots of 1965 , plus the perception that the air in the Irvine and Newport region was less polluted at a time when smog was worse than now , led to a massive secessio patriciorum , a secession of the patricians ,
It was a physical manifestation of Christopher Lasch 's The Revolt of the Elites .
Corporate headquarters relocated en masse .
Second homes near Newport Bay often became first homes .
Many of the people that might otherwise be gentrifiers in Los Angeles were removed to the first great Edge City , at the head of Newport Bay .
Los Angeles proper ultimately recovered from the Great Secession .
It did so with the help of immigrants on the one hand , and the entertainment industry on the other .
In days of old " Hollywood " and " Los Angeles " had been two separate cities occupying the same space .
Outsiders who were concerned with the film industry often did n't refer to " LA " at all , but to " Hollywood " or " The Coast . " " LA " was the rather bourgeois city that happened to occupy the same physical space .
I remember , for example , when Los Angeles magazine was socially conservative enough to declare , " Why is it they never organize against the popular smut [ pornography ] – movies like Beach Party , for instance ? "
This is unimaginable now .
I also remember how few were the movie stars in attendance at the openings of the major Music Center ( now LA Performing Arts Center ) in 1964 and 1967 .
It is now recognized that Hollywood is at the center of cultural life in Los Angeles .
The two largest political parties in the state are the Hollywood Democrats and the Eastside LA Democrats , with quite different social priorities .
The third party , the Republicans , is desperately trying to hold on to its veto on taxation and the budget .
As a matter of fact , the terms Westside and Eastside are used a lot more now .
When I lived in Hancock Park in my high school years , I had somewhat of a perception that I was in the exact middle .
Wilshire Boulevard , the grand prestigious street of Los Angeles , had , because of foolish zoning , a strip of vacant lots where it went by the Hancock Park residential district ( not to be confused with the city park of the same name , two miles west , where LACMA and the Page Museum are} .
These lots were not built on until the 70s , when condos were allowed there .
The so called " Park Mile " did provide a separation between the Miracle Mile on one side and the Wilshire Center – not in those days Koreatown , and in fact a serious rival to Downtown – but the separation between West and East has grown sharper as the Miracle Mile has faded a bit , and Koreatown is what it is and not a rival of Downtown any more .
The perceived border between Westside and Eastside LA seems to run near Vine Street , through Old Hollywood and Hancock Park .
Pasadena and Santa Monica , both singularly uncool places 40 years ago , have become among the coolest parts of the city .
Remarkably , Pasadena and nearby areas were the main source of the secessio patriciorum of 40 years ago .
The vacuum has been filled in a very interesting way !
In contrast , downtown San Diego feels a lot like downtown Denver , except with palm trees and water .
Both of those downtowns fill up on weekends at night with hard - partying young Anglos , not exactly to be seen on Broadway in LA at any hour .
If there was a secessio patriciorum in San Diego , it was only to the UCSD area near La Jolla , much closer .
If the secessio had gone , say , to Carlsbad , and upper class San Diegans had relocated to Carlsbad and La Costa en masse , downtown San Diego might be the ethnic wonderland Downtown LA now is .
Carlsbad may be 30 miles away but the few Carlsbadians I know seem a lot more loyal to San Diego than OCers are to Los Angeles .
Who knows ?
Howard Ahmanson of Fieldstead and Company , a private management firm , has been interested in these issues for many years .
1 -2-3-4 - WHAT ARE WE FIGHTING FOR ?
On November the 4th last year Paula Loyd , a cultural anthroplogist attached to the US army , was interviewing an Afghan man in a small village in southern Afghanistan .
As she asked him about fuel prices he suddenly poured petrol over her from a jug he was holding .
He then set her alight .
Paula Loyd had a guard nearby .
He shot the Afghan man in the head .
Loyd died of her burns and the guard has been convicted of manslaughter .
Paula Loyd was an idealistic young American who wanted to help solve the chaos that had resulted from the invasion of Afghanistan - chaos that she believed resulted from inflexible dogmatism on both sides of the conflict .
Here is some video of her on a panel at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in June 2006 .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Paula Loyd 's horrific death brought into the open an extraordinary project she was part of .
It had been set up by the American military to try and change the way both sides in the Afghan conflict see each other .
It is called The Human Terrain System .
The idea is simple .
Instead of concentrating only on fighting on the " physical terrain " - the cities , deserts and mountains of Afghanistan - the aim is get inside the minds of the Afghan people - the " human terrain " - to find out how they see the world , how they think and feel .
And then , with that knowledge , to exploit and control this " human terrain " by engineering new ways of thinking inside the minds of the Afghan people .
The project was created by an American anthroplogist with a fantastic name .
Montgomery McFate .
She was born in 1966 .
Her parents were counterculture radicals in the heart of the experimental art scene in San Francisco so she is very much " second - generation cool " .
She became a punk in the Bay Area in the early 80s .
Back then she was called Mitzy Carlough .
Here is a picture of her in the 80s - from a website about Mitzy created by one of her friends .
And here is Montgomery McFate as she now presents herself on her website .
Montgomery grew up to be a serious anthropologist who liked to study conflicts .
In the early 1990s she says that she went and studied the Provisional IRA and the British soldiers in Belfast .
And wrote a thesis about how they saw each other .
Then in 2004 she was studying the American army and she became convinced that one of the reasons for the disasters in both Iraq and Afghanistan was because there were n't any anthropologists in the military .
There was no - one to tell the soldiers and the generals why the insurgents were attacking them .
There was absolutely no understanding of what anthropologists call " the social and cultural knowledge " of their adversaries .
So Montgomery McFate decided to rectify that .
And in 2005 she went on the attack .
She wrote an article for The Military Review called " Anthropology and Counterinsurgency : the Strange Story of their Curious Relationship " .
In it McFate brilliantly took apart the academic discipline of anthropology and its pompous pretensions of neutrality .
She went back into its history and showed how anthropology from the very beginning had evolved as a intellectual tool to consolidate Britain 's power in its Empire .
One of the discipline 's most famous pioneers , Bronislaw Malinowski , had explicitly stated that anthropology should be used to solve the problems faced by the rulers of the empire including those posed by " savage law , economics , customs and institutions "
Here is Malinowski studying a problem posed by a man in a wig .
It is from his " Sexual Life of Savages in North - Western Melanesia "
And from then on - as McFate showed - anthropologists became the handmaidens of power struggles , espionage and treachery throughout the 20th century .
Here is the legendary Sylvanus Morley who discovered lost Mayan temples in the jungles of Central America .
He had worked as a spy throughout World War One for the US government , using his fieldwork as cover .
And here is the vast temple in the Mayan jungle that he uncovered .
Then in World War Two many anthropologists joined the Office of Strategic Services - the predecessor to the CIA .
The most famous was Gregory Bateson who used his ethnographic knowledge to produce " black propaganda " in the Pacific .
Bateson was also allegedly involved with experimental psychological warfare experiments later - in the Cold War .
These included MK - ULTRA and its mind control experiments .
While Bateson 's wife , Margaret Mead , used her knowledge to help create a psychological warfare training unit for the Far East .
And Mead 's alleged lover - another anthropologist , Ruth Benedict , did a fascinating study of the Japanese mind .
She convinced the senior US military commanders and President Roosevelt and President Truman that the Japanese were " culturally incapable of surrender " and would fight to the last man .
Then there was the extraordinary Colonel Edward Lansdale .
He was an advertising executive who invented what he called " psywar " when he almost singlehandedly stopped a communist takeover of the Philippines in the 1950s .
To do this Lansdale employed anthropologists to research into the fears and beliefs of the Huk rebels .
He then used the information ruthlessly to create more fear .
He described how he used the terror of vampires .
" One Psywar operation played upon the popular fear of asuang , or vampire .
When a Huk patrol came along the trail , the ambushers silently snatched the last man of the patrol .
They punctured his neck with two holes , vampire fashion , held the body up by the heels , drained it of blood , and put the corpse back on the trail .
When the Huks returned to look for the missing man and found their bloodless comrade , every member of the patrol believed that the asuang had got him and that one of them would be next "
Lansdale said these techniques were incredibly effective .
But it was in Vietnam that anthropology , along with many other academic disciplines , truly became the handmaiden of power .
Anthropologists , psychologists and sociologists designed vast programmes of social engineering and psychological manipulation .
The aim was to change the way the Vietnamese peasants saw the world - and out of this create a new loyalty to the American vision of building a capitalist democracy in South Vietnam .
And out of that came Project Camelot .
It was an attempt to build a system that could be applied anywhere in the world , inside any developing country that was fighting an insurgency .
It was , the Pentagon said -
" A general social systems model which will make it possible to predict and influence politically significant aspects of social change in the developing country - by understanding the sociological and anthropological characteristics of the people involved in the war . "
In 2005 Montgomey McFate saw these ideas as the model for what anthropology could do for American foreign policy in a war zone .
And that is what she re-created in the Human Terrain System .
Here is part of a film the Pentagon made in 1968 which explains how this universal model of psychological manipulation can be applied .
It is set in a fictional country called Hostland .
The film implies that it is a Latin American country - because at that time the US military were worried by Chile .
But everything in it can equally apply to the American fears about Afghanistan today .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Montgomery McFate believed that that experiments in Vietnam back in the 60s had failed because of the rise of the anti-war movement .
The protestors said academic knowledge was being used to control , enslave , and even annihilate many of the people they studied .
As a result anthropologists gave up and retreated into their Ivory Tower .
But there were other problems with the experiments of the 1960s .
Problems that have been forgotten about - but are fascinating in their implications for Afghanistan today .
The fact is that the programmes created by the anthropologists in Vietnam had a strange logic built into them that led them not to help the American war effort but actually to undermine it and corrode it in a fundamental way .
It happened because the basis of all anthropology is " cultural relativism " - the idea that the way individuals think and what they believe has to be seen in terms of their own culture .
The founding father of Anthropology was Franz Boas - and in 1887 he defined it :
" Civilization is not something absolute , it is relative - and our ideas and conceptions are true only so far as our civilization goes "
In other words the Western idea that democracy is a universal principle that should spread across the world might be an ethnocentric fantasy .
But that is exactly what the Americans were fighting for in Vietnam .
And what we are fighting for today in Afghanistan .
Back in the nineteenth century the European empires were happy to accept the local cultures and use anthropological knowledge to manipulate and control them .
They were secure in the knowledge that they were superior to the " savages "
But now the Americans want everyone to be like them .
In Vietnam the anthropologists and other academics became a central part of what was called the Pacification Program .
It set out to gather vast amounts of anthropological and sociological data about the Vietnamese people .
The academics and the military then designed schemes that would not only engineer social change , but also alter " the inner belief structure " in the minds of the Vietnamese peasants .
The Americans had started by building what were called " Strategic Hamlets " .
These were new model villages that were designed not just to keep the peasants safe from the Vietcong - but also to psychologically transform the villagers into new kinds of model democrats .
The thinking was driven by simplistic psychology - behaviourism - that said that new environments would create new people .
But they failed because the Vietnamese peasants hated being relocated and trapped inside compounds in the middle of nowhere .
In the face of this , anthropological thinking began to take over .
Instead of trying to turn the peasants into Americans , the anthropologists said , the programmes should take the traditional culture and use it to create a new kind of nationalism and national unity to combat the communist inspired unity in North Vietnam .
Here is a great report from 1967 about the psychological warfare programme - psywar .
Its about the Rural Spirit Drama Troupe - a group of Vietnamese entertainers created by the Americans to try and connect the peasants with their ( supposed ) national myths and evoke a new sense of national unity .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But as the reporter points out - it is hard to make such a programme work when you are bombing and strafing the very same villagers because you think there might be Vietcong hiding in their village .
So the anthropologists went further .
They set out to create a full - blown revolutionary nationalism in South Vietnam .
But as they did so they they began to move away from any ideas of modern democracy and towards something rather strange and sinister .
A new organisation was created called CORDS - Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support .
It set out to create thousands of " Revolutionary Development Cadres " .
These were young South Vietnamese men who were organised into political cells that were direct copies of the revolutionary communist cells of the Vietcong .
The members of the cadres were then taken to special schools set up by the CIA where they were educated in a strange , mystical nationalism .
It was an odd mish - mash of elements of Vietnamese history and magical myths and beliefs also from Vietnam 's past .
It was cultural relativism in action .
Those running the Revolutionary Development Program were arguing that you can only create a national identity with the things from the culture that will bind and inspire the people .
Here is a film of one of the schools - and a fantastic piece of footage of the passing out parade .
It is held at night .
The man presiding is the South Vietnamese Prime Minister Air Vice - Marshal Ky .
As the reporter says , the parade is like a proto - fascist rally , the very thing that America had fought and defeated in Europe only twenty years before .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
At the same time the Americans running the war were also coming to accept that widescale corruption was a central part of the political culture of South Vietnam .
They gave up on any idea of turning the country into a modernised democracy .
They had to - because it was the only way of stopping the increasing terrorist bombings and shootings in the heart of Saigon .
The central figure was the Prime Minister - Air Vice - Marshal Ky .
Here are some frame grabs of him in his preferred fashion choice .
Marshal Ky had little interest in democracy .
He was also an admirer of Adolf Hitler .
He took power in 1965 at the point when American attempts to pacify South Vietnam had failed utterly .
Vietcong terrorists were letting off bombs all over Saigon - even in the US Officers Club and the US Embassy in the heart of the city .
Ky told the Americans that he would stop this by being " a strong man " .
He did this by reviving a vast intelligence network created in the 1950s under the old French colonial regime .
The organisation was euphemistically called the Office of Social and Political Study .
It literally paid hundreds of thousands of people to be spies .
The only problem was that it cost a fortune - but those in charge in the government funded it by smuggling heroin .
Here is a description by Alfred W McCoy in his wondeful book - The Politics of Heroin :
" With profits from the opium trade and other officially sanctioned corruption , the Office of Social and Political Study was able to hire thousands of cyclo- drivers , dance - hall girls ( " taxi dancers " ) , and street vendors as part time spies for an intelligence network that soon covered every block of Saigon - Cholon .
Instead of maintaining surveillance on a suspect by having him followed , the intelligence controllers simply passed the word to their " door - to - door " intelligence net and got back precise reports on the subjects movements , meetings and conversations "
Marshal
Ky re-activated the network .
The man he put in charge was General Nguyen Ngoc Loan who was to become world famous in 1968 for putting a bullet into the head of a Vietcong suspect in front of the world 's TV cameras .
Within weeks almost all Vietcong terror attacks ceased .
And for over two years it stayed that way .
General Loan tracked down the communist terrorists and got rid of them .
The liberal belief among the Americans that they could " reform " the country disappeared , as did their qualms about " police - state " tactics .
And , just like in the 1950s , General Loan paid for all this by smuggling opium .
According to Alfred McCoy both he and Air Vice - Marshal Ky ran a vast smuggling operation using South Vietnamese Air Force planes to bring opium down from the Golden Triangle into Tan Son Nhut Air Base in Saigon - where Marshal Ky used government money to build a palatial residence next to one of the runways .
The opium was then given to the Chinese to turn into heroin .
And they began to sell it to the American troops .
Here are two bits of film of General Loan .
They give you a sense of him as the character the Americans called " Laughing - Loan " - and as a man who used fear to maintain power .
They were filmed just as his world was collapsing .
In 1968 the Tet offensive had begun and the Vietcong and North Vietnamese were overwhelming the cities of the south .
It was something even his network could not prevent .
But by now General Loan had dragged the Americans into accepting a vast corruption of the political process .
And any idea of transforming the country into a new democracy had also been destroyed .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
I rang Montgomery McFate and asked her what she thought anthropology could offer the American military in Afghanistan .
Immediately she said " cultural relativism " .
I asked her for an example .
She told me how one of her Human Terrain teams had been working at the large US base at Khost in eastern Afghanistan .
The American troops there had noticed how Afghan workers on the base disappeared into the bushes outside the base with young Afghan boys every Thursday .
It became known as " Man- Boy - Love - Thursday " .
The Americans running the base had decided it was wrong .
They worried about elder men preying sexually on young boys .
They wanted to arrest the Afghan men - but the Human Terrain team persuaded the base commanders that this was an accepted part of Afghan sexual culture .
I wonder how long it will be before the anthropologists start telling the military that what they think of as " corruption " is in reality a deeply rooted system of tribal patronage in Afghanistan that they should accept .
Here are some brilliant rushes of the Afghan National Army in Khost training to be just like the American army on parade .
But you will never get American soldiers to dance as beautifully as this .
ADD TO MY ARTICLES
What is Candida ?
Candida is the short name used to describe yeast overgrowth in the body .
The technical term is Candidiasis .
Like their “ cousins ” the molds , they live all around us .
One family “ Candida Albicans ” lives in all mucous membranes , i.e. intestines , eyes , ears , bladder , stomach , lungs , vagina , etc .
It is one of the billions of other friendly organisms that serve a useful purpose in the body .
One of its important functions is to recognize and destroy harmful bacteria .
However , candida is not intended to overgrow and get out of control while the body is alive .
This is only intended to happen when the body dies , when its function and characteristics change in order to break down the body .
How Does Candida Affects Us ?
When Candida Albicans is under control it poses no problem , but when it gets out of control it begins to overgrow causing numerous symptoms and health problems from the top of the head to the tips of the toes , from migraines to nail fungus .
It can result in symptoms inside ( pain and malfunction of organs , even brain lesions ) and outside ( eczema and hives ) .
It can also cause problems with the mind and emotions .
Symptoms Caused by Candida Overgrowth
Allergies , sensitivities , and intolerances that worsen in damp , muggy or moldy places or weather that is damp , muggy , humid or rainy .
Hay fever and asthma .
Intolerances or allergies to perfumes , odors , fumes , fabric shop odors , grass , cats , dogs or other animals , tobacco smoke , chemicals , smog , molds , dust mites , dust , pollen , and other airborne substances .
Athlete 's foot .
Babies - colic , diaper rash , thrush ( coated , white tongue ) , and cradle cap .
Bruising easily .
Cheekbone or forehead tenderness , pain .
Cold hands or feet , low body temperature .
Cold - like symptoms : excessive mucus in the sinuses , nose , throat , bronchial tubes and lungs .
Cravings or addictions for sugar , bread , pasta and other high carb foods , and also alcohol .
Cysts , abnormal formation of , in different parts of the body , especially around the neck , throat , and ovaries , and in the bladder or scrotum .
Digestive problems - diarrhea , constipation , abdominal distention , bloating or pain , gas , mucus in the stools , hiatal hernia , ulcers , suffering from bacteria , i.e. salmonella , E. coli , h. pylori , etc .
Ears - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) , sounds in the ears , ear infections , dryness , itchiness , ear pain , ear aches , ear discharges , fluid in ears , deafness , abnormal wax build - up .
Eyes - erratic vision , spots in front of eyes ( eye floaters ) and flashing lights ; redness , dryness , itching , excessive tearing , inability to tear , etc .
Fatigue , chronic fatigue syndrome or Epstein Barr , or a feeling of being drained of energy , lethargy , drowsiness .
Flu - like symptoms .
Glands – swollen , too little saliva ( dryness in the mouth ) , blocked salivary glands , swollen lymph nodes .
Hair loss , scum on the scalp , dandruff , itchy scalp , scalp sores and dryness .
Heart palpitations and irregular heart beat .
Headaches , migraines , brain fog , dizziness , etc .
Hemorrhoids and rectal itching , rash , irritation and redness .
Hypoglycemia ( low blood sugar ) , and diabetes .
Hypothyroidism , Wilson ’s Thyroid Syndrome , Hashimoto ’s disease , hyperthyroidism , erratic thyroid function , etc .
Irritability , nervousness , jitteriness and panic attacks .
Lesions on the skin , and inside the body , i.e. the brain .
Male - associated problems - jock itch , loss of sex drive , impotence , prostatitis , penis infections , difficulty urinating , urinary frequency or urgency , painful intercourse , swollen scrotum , etc .
Female health problems - infertility , vaginitis , unusual odors , endometriosis ( irregular or painful menstruation ) , cramps , menstrual irregularities , pre-menstrual syndrome ( PMS ) , discharge , painful intercourse , loss of sexual drive , redness or swelling of the vulva and surrounding area , vaginal itching or thrush , burning or redness , or persistent infections .
Fungal infections of the skin or nails , i.e. ringworm , seborrheic dermatitis , dark and light patches on the skin ( tinea versicolor ) , etc .
Joint pain , stiffness or swelling ( arthritis ) .
Kidney and bladder - infections , cystitis ( inflammation of the bladder with possible infection ) , urinary frequency or urgency , low urine output , smelly urine , difficulty urinating , burning pain when urinating .
Lack of appetite .
Mind and Mood - anxiety attacks , crying spells , memory loss , feeling spaced out , depression ( including suicidal feelings ) , manic feelings , inability to concentrate , mood swings , irritability , etc .
Mouth sores or blisters , canker sores , dryness , bad breath , a white coating on the tongue ( thrush ) and blocked salivary glands .
Muscle aches and pain , numbness , burning or tingling , and lack of strength and coordination .
Nasal congestion , postnasal drip , itching , dryness .
The odor of the feet , hair or body not relieved by washing .
Respiratory - cough , bronchitis or pneumonia , pain or tightness in the chest , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma .
Sick all over feeling .
Sinus inflammation , swelling and infections .
Skin – dryness , dry red patches , acne , pimples , hives , rashes , itching skin , eczema , psoriasis , seborrhea , ringworm , contact dermatitis , rosacea , etc .
Stomach – h. pylori bacteria ( causes ulcers ) , heartburn , indigestion , hiatal hernia , acid reflux , belching , vomiting , burning , stomach pains , needle - like pains , food that seems to sit in the stomach like a lump , etc .
Sleep - insomnia , waking up frequently , nightmares , restless sleep , etc .
A sore throat , hoarse voice , constant tickle in the throat , laryngitis ( loss of voice ) , etc .
What Causes Candida to Get Out of Control ?
A healthy immune system keeps Candida in balance with the other micro-organisms in the mucous membranes , but under certain conditions it begins to overgrow and get out of control .
The causes of immune system dysfunction are varied and complex , but antibiotics are the biggest culprits because they wipe out friendly micro-organisms in the digestive system .
Because Candida is resistant to antibiotics the imbalance of micro-organisms allows it to take over .
It begins to change its shape and starts to overgrow ; raising large families called colonies .
These colonies excrete toxins that circulate throughout the body , further weakening the immune system and creating havoc throughout the body .
The Candida produces very long root - like structures that penetrate intestinal walls leaving microscopic holes which allow toxins , undigested food particles , bacteria , and yeast to enter the bloodstream .
This condition is known as the “ Leaky Gut Syndrome ” , which causes food allergies and many health problems .
These root - like structures also cause considerable damage to the walls of the intestines resulting in malabsorption of nutrients .
Adding to the problem of malabsorption are nutritional deficiencies that also weaken the immune system .
Today ’s standard diet lacks the necessary nutrients to maintain a healthy immune system .
It is loaded with sugar , carbohydrates , hydrogenated oils and fats ( trans - fats ) , white flour products , processed foods , food additives , preservatives , pesticides , and heavy metals .
This , in addition to foods being irradiated ( exposed to high levels of radiation to extend shelf life ) , and being grown in nutrient depleted soil , long storage and transportation time , and improper handling , cooking and microwaving that goes on in most homes , further depletes nutrients available .
All of these factors contribute to a weakened immune system .
Testing for Candida at Home
Your holistic practitioner will have conclusive means of testing for candida , however for a simple at home test try the following .
First thing in the morning , before you put anything in your mouth , fill a clear glass with room temperature bottled water .
Work up a bit of saliva , and spit it into the glass of water .
Check the water every 15 minutes or so for up to one hour .
If you see strings ( fibers ) traveling down into the water from the saliva floating on the top , cloudy specks ( particles suspended in the water ) or cloudy saliva that sinks to the bottom of the glass you have a candida problem .
Diagram from www.ninazu.com
The Candida Control Program
In order to get Candida overgrowth under control , five things need to be done simultaneously :
1. Eliminate foods that feed Candida
2. Build up the immune system
3. Kill off Candida overgrowth
4 . Plant good bacteria in the digestive tract
5 . Manage the healing crisis
1. Eliminate foods that feed Candida
Candida overgrowth is mainly fueled by sugar , refined carbohydrates , and gluten .
Let 's look at each of these separately so you know what to avoid .
Sugar
Candida ’s main food supply is sugar and all forms of it , such as lactose contained in dairy products , honey , glucose , fructose , and sugar substitutes , i.e .
Nutrasweet , aspartame , saccharin .
Eliminating sugar is the most important part of the Candida Program .
All fruit , except lemons , are also very high in sugar and should be extremely limited during the initial stages of the program , along with some vegetables that are very high in sugar , such as sweet potatoes , parsnips , and beets .
Sugar is also contained in most processed foods such as smoked luncheon meats , ketchup , cereal , and yogurt , making it important to read labels carefully .
Following is a partial list of the names for sugar and sweeteners .
Names for Sugar and Sweeteners
Aspartame , carob powder , corn starch , crystalline carbohydrate dextrin , dextrose , disaccharides , galactose , glucose , levulose , malts of any kind , maltitol , maltodextrin , maltose ( malt sugar ) , mannitol , mono - saccharides , sucrose , Nutrasweet , polydextrose , polysaccharides , ribose , saccharin , sorghum , suamiel , succanat , xylitol .
It has been known for many years that sugar greatly depresses the immune system .
In the 1970s , Linus Pauling knew that white blood cells needed a high dose of vitamin C .
That was when he came up with his theory that high doses of vitamin C were needed to combat the common cold .
But vitamin C and glucose have similar chemical structures and they compete with one another upon entering the cells .
If there is more glucose around less vitamin C will be allowed into the cell , and interestingly taking vitamin C also helps curb sugar cravings .
These are a few of the negative effects sugar has on health :
Sugar contributes to the reduction in defense against bacterial infection
Sugar upsets mineral relationships in the body
Sugar interferes with absorption of calcium and magnesium
Sugar can interfere with the absorption of protein
Sugar can change the structure of protein
Sugar can increase the body ’s fluid retention
Sugar can cause hormonal imbalances
Sugar is an addictive substance and can be intoxicating , similar to alcohol
High carbohydrates
Candida also feeds on high carbohydrate foods such as starches and grains , i.e. bread , pasta , pizza , cereals , baked goods , and potatoes .
Gluten Grains
Most Candida sufferers are gluten intolerant .
Gluten is an elastic and gluey protein found in wheat , rye , barley , oats , spelt , kamut , triticale and it is hidden in an endless variety of processed foods .
Triticale is a new hybrid grain with the properties of wheat and rye while spelt and kamut are gluten - containing wheat variants and are likely to cause problems similar to other wheat varieties .
Gluten - containing grains have come to be used extensively in bread and other baked goods because of their “ glutinous , ” sticky consistency .
Gluten grains feed Candida because they have a high glycemic index just like sugar , and like sugar , create insulin resistance within the cells which leads to blood sugar problems like hypoglycemia and diabetes .
The cells become resistant to insulin as they try to protect themselves from the toxic effective of high doses of insulin caused by high intake of sugar and simple carbohydrates .
As the cells become insulin resistant , the pancreas produces more insulin which creates a vicious cycle .
This exhausts the pancreas eventually leading to its breakdown resulting in diabetes .
Gluten grains contain a protein that is difficult to digest , interferes with the mineral absorption and causes intestinal damage .
This damage makes the intestines incapable of absorbing nutrients such as proteins , carbohydrates , fats , vitamins , minerals , and even water in some cases .
Our grain food supply also contains mycotoxins ( a toxin produced by a fungus ) , especially found in corn and wheat .
Mycotoxins can suppress our normal immune function .
See the section on Yeast , Mold and Fungus for more information .
2. Build up the immune system
Building up the immune system requires :
Eating the right foods
Taking essential supplements
Avoiding yeast , mold , and fungus
If the wrong diet is constantly consumed , or if yeast overgrowth damage is never reversed from previous drug and antibiotic use , a cure can almost never be achieved .
Eating the right foods is the most important aspect of getting Candida under control and building up the immune system .
The “ Candida Control Diet ” is high in protein and good saturated fats and oils , and low in carbohydrates , and contains no sugars , grains or processed foods .
All foods must be as fresh and natural as possible , and free of additives , pesticides , heavy metals , irradiation , mycotoxins , etc .
Meats and fats should be from organic , grass - fed , free - range animals and from good oils such as coconut , palm , and fish .
Fish should be from non-farmed sources and as free of mercury and other pollutants as possible .
Vegetables should be from reliable certified organic sources .
Protein in the diet slows the breakdown of carbohydrates , which decreases the need for insulin secretion by the pancreas .
It also stimulates glucagon release , the hormone that unlocks our stored fuel .
Good Fats and Oils - Good fats and oils are equally important to protein in the diet and they are essential to getting Candida under control .
They not only increase the body ’s ability to absorb nutrients from the foods eaten but also provide the most efficient source of energy .
They also provide the building blocks for cell membranes and a variety of hormones and hormone - like substances .
Good fats act as carriers for important fat - soluble vitamins A , D , E and K , and for the conversion of carotene to vitamin A , for mineral absorption and for a host of other processes .
The kinds of fats consumed greatly influence the assimilation and utilization of vitamin D .
Cholesterol is the body ’s version of fat , and contrary to popular belief cholesterol is your best friend .
Cholesterol ’s job is to repair and protect , and it is essential for nourishing the brain and nervous system .
The brain is 70 % cholesterol and it could not function properly without it .
Hormones like estrogen and testosterone are made from cholesterol .
Bile salts ( for digestion ) are made from cholesterol .
Cholesterol is also a powerful antioxidant .
Cholesterol is a substance vital to the cells of all mammals .
There are no such things as good or bad cholesterol , in fact , your body produces three to four times more cholesterol than you eat .
The eminent American physician and scientist George Mann called the cholesterol theory “ the greatest scientific deception of this century , perhaps of any century . ”
Essential Fatty Acids -
There are also two types of essential fatty acids that must be obtained from the diet and these are omega - 3s and omega - 6s .
They are called essential because we have to get them from food because our bodies can’t manufacture them from other fats .
Most people ’s diets contain an excessive amount of omega 6 fats , therefore it is important to ensure the diet contains more omega 3 rich foods to offset this imbalance .
Avoid all newfangled fats and oils ( trans fats ) - Candida sufferers cannot afford to jeopardize their health by consuming toxic oils and fats and must avoid all of the newfangled polyunsaturated fats and hydrogenated vegetable oils ( margarine , Canola oil , safflower oil , etc. ) , called trans fats .
These newfangled fats and oils are not only toxic and increase the body ’s need for vitamin E and other antioxidants , but also depress the immune system .
All trans fats , found in margarine and shortenings used in most commercial baked goods and most processed food , should always be avoided , even by healthy people .
All of these fats and oils are extracted by a process called hydrogenation .
This process employs , 1 ) High heat , 2 ) A metal catalyst such as nickel , zinc , copper , or other reactive metals and 3 ) Hydrogen gas .
This is a volatile combination that results in an extremely toxic product that the body reacts to like plastic .
Even when refrigerated , hydrogenated oils stay liquid and go rancid very easily .
Vegetable oils should never be heated or used in cooking , except for extra virgin olive oil , which must be handled with care .
The more appropriate kind of fat for health is saturated fat , in spite of what we ’ve been led to believe , which plays many important roles in body chemistry .
But saturated fats have been given a bad name by the oil and food manufacturing industry with the sole purpose of selling their products .
This is also true for drug companies who perpetuate the cholesterol myth and low - fat diets in order to sell drugs .
The truth is , natural fats and oils have components found only in them which are health - promoting , and the newfangled trans fats are now known to be disease - causing .
These health - giving saturated fats are stable and do not become rancid easily , they do not draw upon the body ’s reserves of antioxidants , nor do they initiate cancer or irritate the artery walls .
Coconut oil - Coconut oil is another healthy saturated fat that contains many properties that are beneficial to Candida sufferers which are anti-bacterial , anti-viral and anti-fungal .
It also kills off yeast overgrowth .
Coconut oil supports immune system function , supplies important nutrients necessary for good health and improves digestion and nutrient absorption .
The fat in coconut oil is easily digested and absorbed , unlike the newfangled trans fats that act like plastic in the body .
It puts little strain on the digestive system and provides a quick source of energy necessary to promote healing .
Coconut oil is absorbed directly from the intestines into the portal vein and sent straight to the liver , whereas other fats require pancreatic enzymes to break them into smaller units .
Look for unrefined coconut oil , since most commercial coconut oils are refined , bleached , and deodorized .
It is highly resistant to spoilage and has a long shelf life ( up to 2 years at room temperature ) .
Coconut oil has a high burning point and is a perfect oil for cooking .
Coconut oil can be taken by the tablespoonfuls with meals to aid digestion .
A good therapeutic dose is 1 to 2 tablespoons with fat - containing meals .
Fish oils - Fish , unlike mammals , birds , and reptiles , do not respond to sunlight and rely on vitamin D found in phytoplankton and other fish .
They must feed on phytoplankton and other fish in order to obtain and store significant vitamin D in their fat , flesh , skin , and organs .
Unfortunately , eating most fresh fish , whether from the ocean , lakes and streams , or farm - raised , is no longer recommended because of their dangerously high mercury levels .
Try to source line caught and wild fish where possible .
Carbohydrates - Low carbohydrate consumption is an important aspect of the Candida Control Diet since high carbohydrate foods feed the Candida .
Carbohydrate foods are any foods that are not protein or fat , including all vegetables , grains , and fruits .
Since grains and most fruit , except lemons , are eliminated on the Candida Control Diet this leaves a wide variety of vegetables that are healthy to consume .
Vegetables with the lowest carbohydrate index are green beans , broccoli , cauliflower , cabbage , turnips , spinach , asparagus , celery , peppers , kale , mustard greens , and Chinese cabbage .
Some vegetables also inhibit the growth of Candida such as raw garlic , onions , horseradish , cabbage , broccoli , turnip , and kale .
Avoid soybean and soy - based foods - Soybeans contain large quantities of natural toxins or “ anti-nutrients , ” including potent enzyme inhibitors that block the action of enzymes needed for protein digestion .
These inhibitors are not completely deactivated during ordinary cooking and can produce serious gastric distress , reduced protein digestion , and chronic deficiencies in amino acid ( protein ) uptake .
In test animals , diets high in enzyme inhibitors cause enlargement and pathological conditions of the pancreas , thyroid malfunction and other diseases including cancer .
Soybeans also contain haemagglutinin , a clot - promoting substance that causes red blood cells to clump together .
Soy also contains one of the highest percentages of pesticides of any of our foods and is 99 % genetically modified .
Soybeans are also high in phytic acid , present in the bran or hulls of all seeds , which blocks the uptake of essential minerals - calcium , magnesium , copper , iron and especially zinc - in the intestinal tract .
Candida sufferers must avoid soy and all soy products in order to get well .
Salt and Spices - Salt is a very important part of a balanced diet , along with other beneficial spices .
It plays an important part in the primary processes of digestion and absorption .
Salt activates the first enzyme in the mouth , salivary amylase , and sodium chloride ( salt ) is used to make hydrochloric acid , a secretion needed for digestion .
It is also important in keeping the proper balance of salt to potassium .
Salt has gotten a bad name just like the conspiracy against saturated fat .
But most salt consumed today is not good for health since it highly - processed and is loaded with heavy metals and other harmful substances .
The best salt to consume is a good ocean sea salt that is hand - harvested , unprocessed , certified and contains a natural balance of minerals .
One such salt is Celtic Sea Salt which contains over 90 minerals and is very similar to the chemical make - up of our own blood .
Taking this salt is the best way to obtain trace minerals .
An excellent electrolyte drink is simply pure water with about 1/4 teaspoon of Celtic Sea Salt for every 6 ounces .
Taking essential supplements
Candida sufferers need to build up their immune system by supplementing with certain essential vitamins and minerals that are yeast - free and sugar - free , including :
Chlorella is a whole - food that contains a wide array of vitamins , minerals and enzymes .
It helps build the immune system , detoxifies heavy metals and other pesticides in the body , improves the digestive system , improves energy levels and normalize blood sugar and blood pressure .
Take two capsules three times a day .
Vitamin B Complex ( non- yeast ) , 50 mgs. twice a day .
Vitamin C with bioflavonoids , 1,000 mgs. twice a day .
Vitamin D ( with vitamin A ) - take 1 teaspoon per 50 lbs. of body weight per day of a high - quality cod liver oil or fish oil .
Vitamin E , containing natural alpha tocopherol , ( dl - alpha tocopherol is synthetic ) , that is not from a soy source , 400 IU twice a day .
Calcium / Magnesium Citrate , with “ elemental amounts ” containing 800 - 1,200 mgs. of calcium with an equal ratio of magnesium .
3. Kill off Candida overgrowth
There are many anti-fungal agents that kill off Candida overgrowth , including raw garlic , apple cider vinegar , olive leaf extract and Pau d'arco .
Garlic - Garlic contains a large number of sulphur containing compounds that exhibit very potent broad - spectrum anti-fungal properties .
Among the most studied are allicin , alliin , alliinase , and S - allylcysteine .
Fresh garlic is significantly more potent against Candida albicans than any other form , including tablets , oils , and pills .
Fresh garlic is also a suitable alternative to drugs for serious systemic yeast infections in patients with severe immune suppression .
Adding fresh garlic to food ( raw and crushed ) , or crushing and swallowing raw clove is a cheap and powerful anti-fungal treatment .
Garlic also stimulates the immune system , improves circulation , lowers high blood pressure , kills intestinal parasites , and is a powerful antioxidant and antibiotic , in addition to many other health benefits .
To obtain the most benefit from garlic buy certified organic garlic and crush it .
Crushing breaks the cell walls releasing garlic ’s beneficial properties .
To kill off , Candida overgrowth take 4 - 5 average sized cloves per day mixed in foods or with meals .
Another alternative is to drink 3 - 4 cups of garlic tea per day .
Raw apple cider vinegar - Raw apple cider vinegar and Candida do not get along .
Take a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar and mix it with a glass of water and drink before every meal .
The apple cider vinegar helps to fight off the intestinal yeast overgrowth by actually killing the yeast , creating a die off reaction .
Raw unfiltered apple cider vinegar creates an unfriendly environment for the yeast while helping create a good environment for friendly gut flora .
Olive Leaf Extract -
Olive leaf extract can kill invading fungus rather than just inhibiting its growth .
It contains a phenolic compound called oleuropein , which has antiviral , anti-fungal , antiprotozoal , and antibacterial properties .
Take as directed on the product label .
Pau d’Arco - Pau d’Arco is the bark of a rainforest tree which is inherently anti-fungal ( also known as Taheebo or Lepacho tea ) .
Pau d’Arco may be taken in a capsule or a tea .
Take capsules as directed on the product label or drink 3 cups of tea per day .
4 . Plant good bacteria in the digestive tract
As the yeast overgrowth is being killed off by anti-fungal agents it is important to ingest a constant supply of probiotics .
These are the ‘ friendly ’ or ‘ beneficial ’ bacteria , or micro organisms , that live in the digestive tract .
As yeast colonies are reduced space becomes available for colonizing the other healthy bacteria .
The most numerous bacteria found in the small intestines are species of Lactobacilli .
In the colon , the majority are mainly Bifidobacteria .
The easiest and least expensive way to plant healthy bacteria in the digestive tract is to take Cabbage Rejuvelac .
But probiotic supplements can also plant good bacteria in the digestive tract .
Unfortunately , it ’s not as simple as just buying the first probiotic supplement and assuming it will do the job .
The best probiotic supplements will contain specific strains of bacteria that have been studied and verified as effective , and they will identify on the bottle as a series of letters or numbers after the name of the bacteria to indicate a specific strain .
Some of the most studied strains include Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS - 1 and Lactobacillus GG .
Probiotic supplements should be at least 500 billion organisms per gram , contained in dark bottles to avoid deterioration by heat and light , and kept refrigerated , even in the store .
Take according to instructions on the bottle .
Yogurt - Usually yogurt or kefir would be good sources of probiotics , however , many Candida sufferers are intolerant of their lactose ( sugar ) content .
They are not recommended as a good source of probiotic therapy , but good quality yogurt free of sugar or Kefir made with raw milk would be ideal to include in the diet once Candida is again in balance .
5. Handling Symptoms of the Healing Crisis
The Healing Crisis is brought about when the body becomes overcrowded with waste and toxins .
Cells and tissues begin to throw off the waste and carry it from the bloodstream to various eliminating organs including the bowels , kidneys , lungs , skin , nasal passages , ears , throat , and genital organs .
These organs in turn become congested and irritated producing symptoms such as colds , boils , kidney and bladder infections , headaches , open sores , diarrhea , and fevers .
Die -off symptoms are caused by high numbers of yeast being killed off which releases a high number toxins into the system .
In medical terms , this is called the Herxheimer ’s reaction , or yeast die - off phenomenon .
Die - off symptoms resemble the flu and can be very uncomfortable .
They can be alleviated by :
Taking 1,000 mgs of Vitamin C ( preferably in powdered form in pure water ) several times a day or whenever needed .
Taking an Epsom salts bath also draws toxins out through the skin and helps minimized die - off symptoms ( add two cups , or 500 grams , of Epsom salts to warm bath water ) .
The most important aspect of the healing crisis is to never go to extremes in making changes to your diet or lifestyle .
It is important to gradually introduce changes one at a time , allowing the body to adapt to the changes and adjust itself .
The keys to successfully overcoming Candida are , 1 ) sticking to the Candida Control Program , 2 ) being patient , and 3 ) being persistent .
You will get well .
I was on the Candida Control Program for two and a half years and I have been healthy and well ever since .
Have You Tested To See If You Have Candida Overgrowth ?
This Libertas Award acceptance speech was delivered at the XXIII Forum da Liberdade , in Porto Alegre , Brazil , on April 12 , 2010 .
President [ Leonardo ]
Fração , it is a pleasure to be here , at this XXIII Forum da Liberdade , whose theme is based on Ludwig von Mises 's Economic Policy book [ known in Brazil as The Six Lessons ] .
Mises was one of the greatest intellectuals of the twentieth century , a resolute and uncompromising champion of freedom .
Fifty years ago , Mises came to South America and delivered those six historic lectures , which are heralded and quoted just outside , at the Forum 's exhibit .
Today , there is a great international revival of Misesian ideas — including in Brazil — which show the benefits that consumers and workers derive when they are free to venture , to chart their course , and to fulfill their desires .
This week , in Porto Alegre , there is a great concentration of intellectual heirs of Ludwig von Mises .
We , from Instituto Mises Brasil , have just concluded our first Conference , which was a great success , and it could not have been otherwise !
The energy emanating from you is contagious .
We have here today many scholars and experts of the Austrian School of Economics .
Tom Woods , one of the speakers at our Conference and the bestseller author of Meltdown , will address you tomorrow .
The legendary founder and Chairman of the Mises Institute — Lew Rockwell — is also among us tonight !
Without Lew , there would be no Mises Institute , no revival of the Austrian School , no Instituto Mises Brasil .
Thank you , Lew .
And above all , thanks to you , President Fração , to IEE [ The Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies ] , for your support to our Conference and especially for your achievements in the fight for liberty .
Results come first in this contest ; the results of the work of IEE and of the Forum da Liberdade are both evident and quantifiable .
Congratulations , IEE !
Economic Policy : Thoug ... Ludwig von Mises Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 2.99 ( as of 10:25 EST - Details )
On other occasions , I customarily speak about finance and economics , about the measures that are likely to bring about a more prosperous society ; in other words , as did Mises , I usually speak about what works and what does not .
Today , for the first time , I am addressing a different subject .
I speak about what moves me .
I speak about where my energy , as an individual , originates .
Its source is here , in this advanced and progressive libertarian community , which looks forward to real changes ; not merely illusory changes from campaign slogans .
I feel at home .
It is a great honor to receive the Libertas Award .
The history of ethics has been a history of exploitation .
From time immemorial , individuals were set apart into two groups : those that must obey the rules , and those that need not .
The people must observe ethics and morals , while rulers not .
The ethics that you and I must observe correctly advocates that one should not steal the property of others , should not murder , and should not force others to do something against their will .
But note that those ethical rules do not apply to government — the government takes your money , calls it " democratic taxes , " and presto ! — it is now authorized to steal .
If one enslaves another , this is considered a heinous crime .
After all , slavery is the antithesis of individuality !
However , in the case of government , they will draft you to " serve your nation " for a year , call this conscription " military service , " and serfdom becomes perfectly legal .
If one kills a neighbor , this is murder .
However , if he is an agent of the government — particularly that of the United States — using an olive - green uniform , and invoking a " preventive " war or similar excuse , suddenly it becomes permissible to murder ; legally .
Counterfeiting is a crime , but only for you and me .
For the government has the money - printing machine , or more precisely , the counterfeiting machine .
If it is they doing it , fine .
If it is we , we go to jail .
Three hundred years ago , a substantial part of the population in the Americas was comprised of slaves .
One hundred percent of the fruits of their labor were the property of their owners .
Today , we are no longer slaves .
However , about 40 to 50 % of the product of your efforts and talent are not your property , but your masters ' : that is , the government and its friends .
This is what you pay , whether you like it or not , embedded in the prices of the products , or through other taxes , duties , or tariffs .
We are no longer slaves , but we are serfs .
Human Action : A Treati ... von Mises , Ludwig Check Amazon for Pricing .
Previously , the slave owner would threaten to punish with a whip a slave who refused to work .
Now , if you refuse to pay the government , you are summoned and attacked with lawsuits , until you are finally thrown into jail .
In both cases , the violence is of the same nature .
The gun does n't even need to be displayed , as in the case of the customary robber .
The mere threat of violence suffices .
But the gun is always present , in the robber 's pocket and in the ruler 's jacket .
Theft and slavery are crimes , even if sanctioned by the majority of the people !
Theft of the government , by the government , and for the government is somehow accepted and rationalized by the population at large .
Why does that majority agree with this theft ?
We must analyze the most misrepresented concept nowadays : the concept of democracy .
The conventional use of the term " democracy " conveys a certain disrespect for semantics .
Most of us utilize the word democracy when we actually mean other concepts , such as the " rule of law , " " liberty , " " equality before the law , " " individual rights , " " solid institutions , " " justice , " and other concepts that have specific words to designate them .
Democracy is , formally , the regime of majority rule , that is , the majority of voters decides whatever it sees fit .
Or , as is commonly said , it is the tyranny of the majority — which in practice means the tyranny of the minority : that of the politicians who rule over our lives and property .
The adulteration of meanings has practical consequences .
When we say that Brazil is a " democracy , " we assume that we are " rulers of ourselves " — while , in fact , there are still rulers on the one hand , and citizen - subjects on the other .
The concept of democracy is employed to obfuscate and confound , with the purpose of having us believe that there is equality among all .
Yet , dumbfounded or not by the smoke and mirrors , why do we suffer so much at the hands of those ruler - governors , if we are many and they are few ?
Why do we become enchanted with the belief that our ruler - governors are just and benevolent , when we experience evidence otherwise every day , everywhere ?
Why do we allow so many abuses of liberty and property , if the power the rulers possess is only that which we bestow onto them ?
Why do we let them treat us like beasts ?
The recapture of our rights does not require that we take up arms , demonstrate , or even vote — we are , after all , a much larger legion than our ruler - governors .
In a face - to - face combat of the many against the few , where the many fight for the grand prize of liberty , while the few fight for the chance to subjugate the many , it is likely that no shots need be fired before the many are declared the winners .
We , therefore , reach the paradoxical conclusion that we do n't reclaim our rights because we do not want to ; because we support , explicitly or tacitly , the tyranny inflicted by the ruler - governors .
The famous movie The Matrix illustrates the point .
In a somber future , human beings are enslaved by machines , kept in captivity in a deep hypnotic sleep to supply energy to the machines , but are led to believe that they live normal lives .
The illusion is virtually perfect — humans genuinely believe they are walking freely in the streets , or eating a juicy steak .
But that is merely a virtual reality — called " the Matrix " — which the machines generate by pumping electrical stimuli into humans ' brains .
The machines , originally created to serve humans , have turned against and enslaved them .
In the movie , some individuals — those that take the red pill — succeed in seeing reality as it is : that the Matrix is in fact a prison — the concoction of a well - devised delusion — and that their bodies are in captivity without their knowledge .
But even those that take the red pill cannot escape the virtual reality 's elaborate chains .
Some refuse to reflect upon what is really happening ; others know they live a delusion , but rationalize their status — they conjecture that it is tough to change it , that it was always like this , and end up opting to live under the comfort of their bondage .
But , as I said before , nothing needs to be taken from the tyrants — one needs only to cease giving them what is his own !
In the movie , this would take place if he desires to wake up from the hypnotic sleep , and proceed to sever the wires that fill his brains with the Matrix , stand up on his feet and walk , free .
Outside Hollywood , it is simpler to end the bondage .
You must become aware that no one may rule your life without your consent , no matter what the excuse or argument , smoke and mirrors notwithstanding .
You must recognize that no one knows better than you what is best for yourself ; that there is no political authority above you ; that you do n't have any owners , and therefore , that you do n't need to pay tribute to obtain your liberty or tranquility .
And when that realization comes , you will say to yourself : I am a sovereign individual !
In The Matrix , this insight comes in a scene , in virtual reality , where countless machine guns are fired against the hero , Neo .
He looks at the guns and realizes that the explicit violence has no effectiveness without his own consent — the bullets dissolve into digital zeroes and ones .
Neo grabs one floating bullet between his fingers , and the whole apparatus of the enemy tumbles , powerless .
Tyranny ends when we cease to support voluntarily our own serfdom .
Finally , I would like to point out that it is not necessary to change the world or to create a nation of sovereign individuals .
What matters — and what one can do right now — is to live as a sovereign individual , staying close to those who respect you as such , and avoiding the manipulators and those who desire to live as parasites on your energy , talents , and virtues .
Therefore , we may achieve freedom to a large extent during our lifetimes , independently of any eventual failure to end the serfdom perpetrated by the state .
If you behave as a sovereign individual in your personal relationships , you will be contributing to your happiness and also to the transmission of the concept of individual sovereignty .
That chain of good , I am certain , will abolish the chains of evil .
April 21 , 2010
Nearly four years after Hezbollah fought invading Israeli troops to a standstill in south Lebanon , the militant Shiite group says it 's prepared for a fresh conflict and confident of victory .
" We are ready for another war and we eagerly await it , " says veteran Hezbollah fighter Abu Hadi on a drive through the Bekaa Valley .
" We expect the next war to be short .
The Israelis will not be able to endure what we will do to them . "
Hezbollah 's leadership insists it does not seek a war and that its military preparations are a defense against potential Israeli aggression .
Yet , the inconclusive outcome of the 2006 war has stoked a feeling here that another war is inevitable .
War drums have been beating faster in recent weeks amid allegations that Syria has supplied Hezbollah with Scud ballistic missiles – a development that has enraged Israel , forced Lebanese leaders to seek international support , and complicated a gradual US - Syria rapprochement .
On May 3 , President Obama renewed sanctions on Syria for a year because of its " continuing support for terrorist organizations and pursuit of weapons of mass destruction and missile programs . "
Hezbollah 's strongholds in the Bekaa Valley are likely to be one of several front lines during another war with Israel – a war that threatens to be far more destructive than the one in July 2006 .
Hezbollah says lessons learned from that conflict have been implemented , including new battlefield tactics and the acquisition of improved weapons systems , surface - to - surface rockets , and possibly advanced antiaircraft missiles .
' Too much at stake '
Many analysts believe that the next war will not be confined to Hezbollah and Israel but will also draw in Syria and possibly Iran in a regional conflagration .
Hezbollah 's leaders say that it would be of sufficient scale and intensity to change the geopolitical balance in the region .
" That kind of war would change every parameter in the Middle East , " Hezbollah chief Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah said recently .
The stakes for both sides are so great that the military preparations of Israel and Hezbollah to some extent serve as a mutual deterrent against rash action .
" I do n't believe there will be [ war ] .
I think there is too much at stake to lose for all the parties , " says Michael Williams , the top United Nations official in Lebanon , after an April 28 meeting with Prime Minister Saad Hariri .
" I think tensions have been high the past few days .
But I hope these will lower now . "
Tensions flared when Israel accused Hezbollah of having Scuds and US officials voiced alarm at the increasingly sophisticated weaponry allegedly crossing the border from Syria to Lebanon .
In late April , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Hezbollah had " far more rockets and missiles than most governments in the world ....
This is obviously destabilizing for the whole region , " he said following talks with his Israeli counterpart , Ehud Barak .
Who needs Scuds when you have M-600s ?
Syria 's Scud - D rockets have a range of 435 miles , which would bring all of Israel within range of Hezbollah 's strongholds in the northern Bekaa Valley .
The US has condemned Syria 's " provocative behavior " in sending Hezbollah arms , but says it cannot confirm that Scuds have been smuggled into Lebanon .
Lebanese , Syrian , and Egyptian officials have all dismissed the reports for lack of evidence .
Some military analysts question the claims , too , asking why Hezbollah would need Scuds , which are liquid - fueled ( lengthening launch preparation time ) and usually require firing from large - wheeled launchers , which would also need to be smuggled into Lebanon .
Hezbollah is believed to already have Iranian - designed and Syrian - built M-600 rockets that are more concealable and quicker to fire .
" The M - 600 is more accurate than the Scuds , is easier to use as it has a solid propellant motor , and is smaller and lighter , " says Duncan Lennox , editor of Jane 's Strategic Weapon Systems in Britain .
Hezbollah officials refuse to confirm or deny the reports , but Abu Hadi says the group has no need for Scuds .
" We have many other surprises for the Israelis , " he says , exhibiting the determination of Hezbollah 's cadres in preparing for war .
" Take a good look around you , " he says , pointing to the concrete apartment blocks of Hezbollah 's stronghold in the southern suburbs of Beirut .
" Next time , all this will be gone . "
He 's not worried about his neighborhood 's potential destruction .
" We can always rebuild , " he says .
" Our dignity is more important than roofs over our heads . "
' Jihad places us in a pleasant state of mind '
Most Lebanese dread another devastating war with Israel , especially as Lebanon 's economy improves amid a boom in construction and tourism .
Such concerns garner little sympathy from Hezbollah combatants , who say they are fulfilling a religious obligation in confronting Israel .
" The atmosphere [ among Hezbollah cadres ] is very spiritual , " says Hassan , a burly university student .
" In our belief , we are waging jihad and that places us in a very pleasant state of mind . "
Hezbollah 's leadership refuses to discuss details of its armaments but acknowledges its military advances since 2006 .
" We have ... plugged some of the loopholes , and improved the good things , " deputy leader Sheikh Naim Qassem told a Saudi paper recently .
" Now , we certainly are more impregnable , and more at ease in ... preparing to confront the possibilities of an Israeli aggression than at any previous time . "
• Hear more from Hassan and Abu Hadi about Hezbollah 's weapons and tactics at CSMonitor.com
Related :
Terry Childs ' guilty conviction struck a nerve with IT staffers this week .
Here was a man who , by all accounts , was good at his job , though lacking in interpersonal skills .
Suddenly , on July 9 , 2008 , he 's pushed into a tense situation -- a hostile conference call with the human resources department , his boss and even a police officer , all listening in , and told to hand over the passwords to the City of San Francisco 's FiberWAN network , which he helped build .
He chokes and hands over bogus passwords .
Later , he argues that he did this because nobody in the room was qualified to have administrative access to the network .
IT people are used to being held accountable for bad decisions made by their superiors , and some people who 've read about the case feel some sympathy for Mr. Childs .
After all , the city 's network never went down , and Childs eventually did hand over control of the FiberWAN to San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom -- the only person Childs felt was competent to have the passwords .
" How exactly was he breaking the law ? " wrote one Slashdot poster , reacting to news of Childs ' conviction .
" [ H ]e refused to disclose the passwords when the person requesting them did not follow proper protocols . "
While the City of San Francisco apparently did a poor job in spelling out the protocols for handing over administrative control of its network , Childs was still guilty of a crime .
A jury found him guilty of breaking California 's hacking laws on Tuesday , and when he is sentenced on June 14 , he will be facing a possible five - year prison term .
So how did Childs break the law ?
We put the question to one of the best people able to answer it : Juror # 4 , also known as Jason Chilton .
In addition to having listened to countless hours of courtroom testimony , he also happens to be a Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert ( CCIE ) and a senior network engineer with payroll administrator Automatic Data Processing .
( ADP )
He 's spent the past five months of his life on the trial , which began jury selection in late November .
According to him , there 's much more to the Terry Childs case than most people realize .
Following is an edited version of an interview he gave the IDG News Service on Wednesday , the day after the verdict was handed down .
IDG News Service :
Why did you find Terry Childs guilty ?
Chilton :
The law was clearly spelled out for us .
Within it there are very specific questions that you have to answer in order to reach a guilty verdict .
And within those questions there are certain terms such as computer network , computer service , and those are given legal definitions , which you have to follow .
The questions were , first , did the defendant know he caused a disruption or a denial of computer service .
It was rather easy for us to answer , " Yes there was a denial of service . "
And that service was the ability to administer the routers and switches of the FiberWAN .
That was the first aspect of it , the second aspect was the denial to an authorized user .
And for us that 's what we really had to spend the most time on , defining who an authorized user was .
Because that was n't one of the definitions given to us .
IDGNS : People who followed the case heard about this conference call with Cisco engineers , and the defense said he was reluctant to hand over passwords to people who were not authorized to have them .
There was an HR person in the room , a police detective , and the chief operating officer of his division , Richard Robinson .
Chilton :
It was really hard for us to get through that part .
We said , " OK , what policies may there have been that defined an authorized user ? "
Well , the city did n't have any procedures .
There was no policy that was formally adopted that people were supposed to follow .
It was this amorphous thing .
Eventually we looked at it and we saw that in late June his manager had requested certain accounts to be created that would have access to certain routers and switches .
And he did create those accounts , and he sent that back in an email with the user IDs and passwords , to which Richard Robinson was also copied .
If his big concern was that Richard Robinson was not authorized to be a user , why -- just a week before -- did he copy him on an email that has user IDs and passwords ?
IDGNS : If you 're doing this stuff in the course of your job , it 's not criminal .
There must have been a point at which you decided that what he was doing was outside of his job description ?
Chilton : Essentially , one of his job duties was to allow the network to be maintained .
So when he went into that meeting on July 9th , he was told he was being reassigned , therefore he was not going to be working on the FiberWAN any more .
Somebody has to get access , and he refused to provide that .
So he 's leaving this very critical network in the city 's hands , but saying that nobody can maintain it .
IDGNS : What do you think he was thinking at that point ?
The defense made it sound like this was a high pressure meeting and he choked .
Chilton : I think he went into that meeting probably thinking he was being fired .
Definitely he knew that there were some employment changes coming .
He had received an email the week prior from his manager saying , " We 're about to go through organizational changes . "
So that was proof to us he knew something was going to happen organizationally that would affect his employment .
That very morning before he went into the meeting , he received a phone call from one of his co-workers saying , " We 've just been told you 've been reassigned . "
I think he was used to , over the years , dealing with Herb Tong , his manager , who did n't understand how to deal with him effectively .
He would let him get away with everything , and he was kind of weak - willed and would let things slide .
And I think Terry Childs was used to that and not thinking that the consequences of what he was about to do would be greater than what they normally would be if he was dealing with Herb Tong .
Now he 's dealing with Richard Robinson [ Tong 's boss ] and the police .
And I think he left that meeting honestly thinking , " OK , they 're going to try to get into this network and they 're not going to be able to . "
He even sent an email the next day , saying , " I know you all are trying to figure out how I can get into this network . "
So he knew nobody else could get in , and I think he had the assumption that they would say , " We need you back to maintain this network . "
And that obviously did not happen .
IDGNS : Since the verdict you 've finally been able to read what people are saying about the case .
Any surprises there ?
Chilton : No , not really .
Most of the news stories that covered it really boiled it down to something simple such as he was in a meeting and asked to give up his passwords and refused .
There were so many other things happening that do n't get put in the news that really led to the whole situation happening .
It was n't simply he would n't give up his username and password .
It was two years of building up to this point .
IDGNS : What do you think of Terry Childs ?
Chilton : I think he 's a decent guy .
Like many IT people , protective of his work .
Possibly a little paranoid .
But the problem he had was that he did n't have good management to keep that in check .
He was allowed free rein , which allowed engineering decisions over the years that made things worse and worse , and locked people out of possibly getting into this network .
IDG News : Going back , what was the one step he could have done to avoid prison ?
Chilton :
If he would have simply said , " I will create you an account and you can go in and you can remove my access if you want . "
If he had created access for someone else , I think that would have resolved it .
If he had not decided to leave and go to Nevada a few days later and withdraw US $ 10,000 in cash , [ Childs did this the day before his arrest , while under police surveillance ]
I think the police may have let it continue on as an employment issue and not a criminal matter .
IDGNS : Do you think Terry Childs deserves another chance ?
Chilton : Yes I do .
He has a lot of knowledge and he has the ability to learn this stuff on his own .
I think with what 's happened , he 's probably not going to get himself hired by an AT&T or a Bank of America , but he could probably do stuff on his own .
Because he definitely has the knowledge .
IDGNS : Do you think he 's a trustworthy person ?
Chilton : I think for the most part , yes .
If he 's given clearly defined rules , he could be .
I think he's also very stubborn and a little egotistical .
The Three Poisons Institutionalized by David Loy , www.Tikkun.org, May 2007 Berkeley , CA ( USA ) -- Shakyamuni , the historical Buddha , lived at least 2,400 years ago .
Buddhism began as an Iron Age religion , and all its teachings are pre-modern .
So can Buddhism really help us understand and respond to contemporary social problems such as economic globalization and biotechnology , war and terrorism ( and the War on Terrorism ) , climate change , and other ecological crises ?
What the Buddha did understand is human dukkha : how it works , what causes it , and how to end it .
Dukkha is usually translated as “ suffering , ” but the point of dukkha is that even those who are wealthy and healthy experience a basic dissatisfaction , a dis-ease , which continually festers .
That we find life dissatisfactory , one damn problem after another , is not accidental , because it is the nature of our unawakened minds to be bothered about something .
According to early Buddhism there are three types of dukkha .
Everything we usually identify as physical and mental suffering — including being separated from those we want to be with , and stuck with those we do n’t want to be with ( the Buddha had a sense of humor ! ) — is included in the first type of dukkha .
The second type is the dukkha due to impermanence : the realization that , although I might be enjoying an ice - cream cone right now , it will soon be finished .
The best example is our awareness of death , which haunts our appreciation of life .
Knowing that death is inevitable casts a shadow that usually hinders our ability to live fully now .
The third type of dukkha is more difficult to understand .
It is dukkha due to “ conditioned states , ” which is a reference to anatta “ not - self . ”
My deepest frustration is caused by my sense of being a self that is separate from the world I am in .
This sense of separation is illusory — in fact , it is our most dangerous delusion .
A modern way to express this truth is that the ego - self has no reality of its own because it is a psychosocial - linguistic construct .
This allows for the possibility of a deconstruction and a reconstruction , which is what the spiritual path is about .
We are prompted to undertake such a spiritual quest because our lack of reality is normally experienced as an uncomfortable hole or emptiness at our very core .
Being a construct , the sense of self is ungrounded and therefore inherently insecure .
We feel this problem as a sense of inadequacy , of lack , which is a source of continual frustration because it is never resolved .
In compensation , we usually spend our lives trying to accomplish things that ( we think ) will make us more real .
But , no matter how hard I try , my anxious sense - of - self can never become a real self .
The tendency is to identify with and become attached to something in the world , in the belief that it can make me feel whole and complete .
“ If I can get enough money … if I become famous or powerful … if I find the right lover … ” and so forth .
None of these attempts succeed , however , because the basic problem is spiritual and thus requires a spiritual solution : realizing the true nature of the emptiness at my core , which transforms that core and enables me to stop clinging .
But what about collective selves ?
Do n’t we also have a group sense of separation between ourselves “ inside ” and the rest of the world “ outside ” ?
We Americans ( Japanese , Chinese , etc. ) here are different from other people over there .
Our country ( culture , religion , etc. ) is better than their country …
This realization has an uncomfortable implication .
If my individual sense of self is the basic source of my dukkha , because I can never feel secure enough , what about collective senses of self ?
Is there such a thing as collective dukkha ?
Collective karma ?
In fact , many of our social problems can be traced back to such a group ego , when we identify with our own gender , race , ethnic group , nation , religion , etc. , and discriminate between our group and another group .
It is ironic that institutionalized religion often reinforces this discrimination , because religion , at its best , encourages us to subvert such problematic dualisms between self and other .
For example , Buddhist non-discrimination does not involve privileging us over them , because selflessness provides the foundation for Buddhist social action too .
In some ways , however , our present situation has become quite different from that of Shakyamuni Buddha .
Today we have not only much more powerful scientific technologies but also much more powerful social institutions .
The Three Roots of Evil , Institutionalized
From a Buddhist perspective , the problem with modern institutions is that they tend to take on a life of their own as new types of collective ego .
Consider , for example , how a big corporation works .
Even if the CEO of a transnational company wants to be socially responsible , he or she is limited by the expectations of stockholders .
If profits are threatened by her sensitivity to environmental concerns , she is likely to lose her job .
Large corporations are new forms of impersonal collective self , which are very good at preserving themselves and increasing their power , quite apart from the personal motivations of the individuals who serve them .
John Ralston Saul describes this as the “ amorality ” of modern organizations :
AMORALITY : A quality admired and rewarded in modern organizations , where it is referred to through metaphors such as professionalism and efficiency . . .
Immorality is doing wrong of our own volition .
Amorality is doing it because a structure or an organization expects us to do it .
Amorality is thus worse than immorality because it involves denying our responsibility and therefore our existence as anything more than an animal ( The Doubter 's Companion ) .
There is another Buddhist principle that can help us understand this connection between collective selves and collective dukkha : the three unwholesome motivations , also known as the three poisons — greed , ill will , and delusion .
The Buddhist understanding of karma emphasizes the role of intentions , because one ’s sense of self is composed largely of habitual intentions and the habitual actions that follow from them .
Instead of emphasizing the duality between good and evil , Buddhism distinguishes between wholesome and unwholesome ( kusala / akusalamula ) tendencies .
Negative motivations reinforce the sense of separation between myself and others .
That is why they need to be transformed into their more wholesome and non-dual counterparts : greed into generosity , ill will into loving - kindness , and delusion into wisdom .
That brings us to perhaps the most important question for socially - engaged Buddhism : do the three poisons also operate collectively ?
If there are collective selves , does that mean there are also collective greed , collective ill will , and collective delusion ?
To ask the question in this way is to realize the answer .
Our present economic system institutionalizes greed , our militarism institutionalizes ill will , and our corporate media institutionalize delusion .
To repeat , the problem is not only that the three poisons operate collectively but that they have taken on a life of their own .
Today it is crucial for us to wake up and face the implications of these three institutional poisons .
Institutionalized greed .
Despite all its benefits , our economic system institutionalizes greed in at least two ways : corporations are never profitable enough , and people never consume enough .
To increase profits , we must be conditioned into finding the meaning of our lives in buying and consuming .
Consider how the stock market works .
It tends to function as an ethical “ black hole ” that dilutes the responsibility for the actual consequences of the collective greed that now fuels economic growth .
On the one side of that hole , investors want increasing returns in the form of dividends and higher share prices .
That ’s all that most of them care about , or need to care about — not because investors are bad people , but because the system does n’t encourage any other kind of responsibility .
On the other side of that black hole , however , this generalized expectation translates into an impersonal but constant pressure for profitability and growth , preferably in the short run .
The globalization of corporate capitalism means that this emphasis on profitability and growth are becoming increasingly important as the engine of the world ’s economic activity .
Everything else , including the environment and the quality of life , tends to become subordinated to this anonymous demand for ever - more profit and growth , a goal that can never be satisfied .
The biosphere is converted into “ resources , ” and people into “ human resources . ”
The basic idea of capitalism is capital : using money to make more money .
The other side of capital investment is debt .
A capitalist economy is an economy that runs on debt and requires a society that is comfortable with large amounts of indebtedness .
But the debt is always bigger than the original loan .
Those who invest expect to get more back than their original investment .
This is another way to understand the general pressure for continuous growth and expansion : because that is the only way to repay the accumulating debt .
The result is a collective future - orientation : the present is never good enough ; the future will ( or must ) be better .
Who is responsible for the pressure for growth ?
The system has attained a life of its own .
We all participate in this process , as workers , employers , consumers , investors , and pensioners , with little , if any , personal sense of moral responsibility for what happens .
Such awareness has been diffused so completely that it is lost in the impersonal anonymity of the corporate economic system .
In other words , greed has been thoroughly institutionalized .
Institutionalized ill will .
Many examples spring to mind .
Racism .
Undocumented immigrants .
Our punitive judicial system .
But the “ best ” example , by far , is the plague of militarism .
The United States has been a militarized society since World War II , and increasingly so .
In the twentieth century at least 105 million people , and perhaps as many as 170 million , were killed in war — most of them non-combatants .
Global military expenditures , including the arms trade , amounted to the world ’s largest expenditure in 2005 : over a trillion dollars , about half of that spent by the United States alone .
To put this in perspective , the United Nations spends about 10 billion dollars a year .
From a Buddhist perspective , the “ War on Terror ” looks like an Abrahamic civil war .
Despite being on opposite sides , George W. Bush and Osama bin Laden share a similar understanding about the struggle between good and evil , and the need for good to destroy evil by any means necessary .
Ironically , however , one of the main causes of evil has been the attempt to get rid of evil .
Hitler , Stalin and Mao were all attempting to purify humanity by eliminating its negative elements ( Jews , kulaks , landlords ) .
Are we following in their footsteps ?
Most recently , the second Iraq War , based on lies and propaganda , has obviously been a disaster , even as the War on Terror has been making all of us less secure , because every “ terrorist ” we kill or torture leaves many grieving relatives and outraged friends .
Terrorism cannot be destroyed militarily because it is a tactic , not an enemy .
If war is the terrorism of the rich , terrorism is the war of the poor and disempowered .
We must find other ways to address its root causes .
The basic problem with war is that , whether we are “ the good guys ” or “ the bad guys , ” it promotes and rationalizes the very worst part of ourselves : we are encouraged to kill and brutalize other human beings .
In doing these things to others , though , we also do them to ourselves .
This karma is very simple .
To brutalize another is to brutalize myself — that is , to become the kind of person who brutalizes .
This is the sort of behavior we would never do by ourselves , except for a very small number who receive our heaviest social retribution .
In war , however , such behavior is sanctioned .
Why ?
Because it is always justified as collective self - defense .
We all accept the right and necessity to defend ourselves , do n’t we ?
If someone invades my home and attacks me , it ’s okay to hurt them in self - defense , even kill them , if necessary .
War is national self - defense , and , as we know all too well today , national defense can be used to rationalize anything , including torture and what is euphemistically called “ preventive war . ”
It ’s curious , though , that our national self - defense requires us to have at least 737 ( the official number in 2005 ) overseas military installations , in 135 countries .
It turns out that , in order to defend ourselves , we have to dominate the rest of the world .
While we insist that other nations do not develop nuclear weapons , we spend almost 18 billion dollars a year to maintain and develop our own stockpile , today equivalent to about 150,000 Hiroshima - size bombs .
( Since 1997 the United States has conducted twenty - three “ subcritical ” nuclear tests to help design new nuclear weapons . )
Using even 2 or 3 percent of those bombs would end civilization as we know it !
No matter how hard we try , no matter how many weapons we have , it seems like we can never feel secure enough .
In sum , our huge military - industrial complexes institutionalize ill will .
Our collective negativity has taken on a life of its own , with a self - reinforcing logic likely to destroy us all if we do n’t find a way to subvert it .
Institutionalized delusion .
“ The Buddha is literally “ the awakened one , ” which implies that the rest of us are unawakened .
We live in a dream - like world .
How so ?
Each of us lives inside an individual bubble of delusions , which distorts our perceptions and expectations .
Buddhist practitioners are familiar with this problem , yet we also dwell together within a much bigger bubble that largely determines how we collectively understand the world and ourselves .
The institution most responsible for molding our collective sense of self is the media , which have become our “ group nervous system . ”
Genuine democracy requires an independent and activist press , to expose abuse and discuss political issues .
In the process of becoming mega - corporations , however , the major media have abandoned all but the pretence of objectivity .
Since they are profit - making institutions whose bottom - line is advertising revenue , their main concern is to do whatever maximizes those profits .
It is never in their own interest to question the grip of consumerism .
We will never see a major network TV series about a happy family that decides to downsize , to live more simply so they can have more time together .
Thanks to clever advertisements , my son can learn to crave Nike shoes and Gap shirts without ever wondering how they are made .
I can satisfy my coffee and chocolate cravings without knowing the social conditions of the farmers who grow those commodities for me , and without any awareness of what is happening to the biosphere : global warming , disappearing rainforests , species extinction , and so forth .
An important part of genuine education is realizing that many of the things we think are natural and inevitable ( and therefore should accept ) are in fact conditioned ( and therefore can be changed ) .
The world does n’t need to be the way it is ; there are other possibilities .
The present role of the media is to foreclose most of those possibilities by confining public awareness and discussion within narrow limits .
With few exceptions , the world ’s developed ( or “ economized ” ) societies are now dominated by a power elite composed of the government and large corporations including the major media .
People move seamlessly from each of these institutions to the other , because there is little difference in their worldview or their goals : primarily economic expansion .
Politics remains “ the shadow cast by big business over society , ” as John Dewey once put it .
The role of the media in this unholy alliance is to “ normalize ” this situation , so that we accept it and continue to perform our required roles , especially the frenzied production and consumption necessary to keep the economy growing .
It ’s important to realize that we are not simply being manipulated by a clever group of people who benefit from that manipulation .
Rather , we are being manipulated in a self - deluded way by a group of people who think they benefit from it — because they buy into the root delusion that their ego - selves are separate from other people .
They too are victims of their own propaganda , caught up in the larger web of collective illusion that includes virtually all of us .
As the famous satirist Karl Kraus once said , “ How do wars begin ?
Politicians tell lies to journalists , then believe what they read in the newspapers . ”
According to Buddhism samsara is not only a world of suffering , it is just as much a world of delusion , because delusions are at the root of our suffering .
That includes collective fantasies such as the necessity of consumerism and perpetual economic growth , and collective repressions such as denial of global climate change .
Realizing the nature of these three institutional poisons is just as important as any personal realization we might have as a result of spiritual practice .
In fact , any individual awakening we may have on our meditation cushions remains incomplete until it is supplemented by such a “ social awakening . ”
Usually we think of expanded consciousness in individual terms , but today we must dispel the bubble of group delusion to attain greater understanding of dualistic social , economic , and ecological realities .
If this parallel between individual dukha and collective dukkha holds , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the great social , economic and ecological crises of our day are also spiritual challenges , which therefore call for a response that must also have a spiritual component .
A Buddhist Solution ?
So much for the problems from a Buddhist perspective .
What can Buddhism say about the solution to them ?
We can envision the solution to social dukkha as a society that does not institutionalize greed , ill will , or delusion .
In their place , what might be called a dharmic society would have institutions encouraging generosity and compassion , grounded in a wisdom that recognizes our interconnectedness .
So far , so good , but that approach does not take us very far .
Is a reformed capitalism consistent with a dharmic society , or do we need altogether different kinds of economic institutions ?
How can our world de-militarize ?
Can representative democracy be revitalized by stricter controls on campaigns and lobbying , or do we need a more participatory and decentralized political system ?
Should newspapers and television stations be non-profit , or more carefully regulated ?
Can the United Nations be transformed into the kind of international organization the world needs , or does an emerging global community call for something different ?
I do not think that Buddhism has the answers to these questions .
Nor , I suspect , does anyone else .
There is no magic formula to be invoked .
The solutions are not to be found , they are to be worked out together .
This is a challenging task but not an insuperable one , if men and women of good will can find ways to work together without the deformations of pressure groups defending special privileges .
Needless to say , that is not an easy condition to achieve , and it reminds us of the transformative role of personal spirituality , which works to develop men and women of good will .
Yet Buddhist principles can contribute to the development of solutions .
For example :
The importance of a personal spiritual practice .
The basis of Buddhist social engagement is the need to work on oneself as well as on the social system .
Why have so many revolutions and reform movements ended up merely replacing one gang of thugs with another ?
If we have not begun to transform our own greed , ill will , and delusion , our efforts to address their institutionalized forms are likely to be useless , or worse .
If I do not struggle with the greed inside myself , it is quite likely that , when I gain power , I too will be inclined to take advantage of the situation to serve my own interests .
If I do not acknowledge the ill will in my own heart as my own problem , I am likely to project my anger onto those who obstruct my purposes .
If unaware that my own sense of duality is a dangerous delusion , I will understand the problem of social change as the need for me to dominate the socio-political order .
Add a conviction of my good intentions , along with my superior understanding of the situation , and one has a recipe for social as well as personal disaster .
History is littered with examples .
Commitment to non-violence .
A non-violent approach is implied by our non-duality with “ others , ” including those we may be struggling against .
Means and ends can not be separated .
Peace is not only the goal ; it must also be the way .
We ourselves must be the peace we want to create .
A spiritual awakening reduces our sense of duality from those who have power over us .
Gandhi , for example , always treated the British authorities in India with respect .
He never tried to dehumanize them , which is one reason why he was successful .
Buddhist emphasis on delusion provides an important guideline here : the nastier another person is , the more he or she is acting out of ignorance and dukkha .
The basic problem is delusion , not evil .
If so , the basic solution must involve wisdom and insight , not good attempting to destroy evil only to discover that it is looking in a mirror .
Awakening together .
Social engagement is not about sacrificing our own happiness to help unfortunate others who are suffering .
That just reinforces a self - defeating ( and self - exhausting ) dualism between us and them .
Rather , we join together to improve the situation for all of us .
As an aboriginal woman put it , “ If you have come here to help me , you are wasting your time .
But if you have come because your liberation is tied up with mine , then let us work together . ”
Many Buddhists take bodhisattva vows , which means that they will devote themselves to helping everyone spiritually awaken .
The point of the bodhisattva path is that none of us can be fully awakened until everyone “ else ” is too .
The critical world situation today means that sometimes bodhisattvas need to manifest their compassion in more politically engaged ways .
To sum up , what is distinctively Buddhist about socially - engaged Buddhism ?
Emphasis on the social dukkha promoted by group - selves as well as by ego - selves .
The three collective poisons of institutionalized greed , institutionalized ill will , and institutionalized delusion .
The importance of personal spiritual practice , commitment to non-violence , and the realization that ending our own dukkha requires us to address the dukkha of everyone else as well , because we are not separate from each other .
Present power elites and institutions have shown themselves incapable of addressing the various crises that now threaten humanity and the future of the biosphere .
It has become obvious that those elites are themselves a large part of the problem , and that the solutions will need to come from somewhere else .
Perhaps a socially - awakened Buddhism can play a role in that transformation .
If , however , Buddhists cannot or will not participate in this transformation , then perhaps Buddhism is not the spiritual path that the world needs today .
-------------------
Source : http://tikkun.org/magazine/tik0706/frontpage/poisons
David R. Loy is Besl Professor of Ethics / Religion and Society at Xavier University in Cincinnati .
He is the author of A Buddhist History of the West and The Great Awakening : a Buddhist Social Theory .
MEXICO CITY — The Mexican Council of Bishops is asking for forgiveness from victims of sex abuse cases within the Roman Catholic Church , and pledges to cooperate in any investigations .
Bishop Victor Rene Rodriguez says the church did not act quickly enough in the past in dealing with abuse allegations .
But he promises church leaders will now do nothing that " go against the interests of the victims . "
In a statement released Tuesday , Rodriguez notes the Vatican has issued a guide instructing church authorities to inform police of any sex abuses cases involving priests .
There have been several cases of such abuse in Mexico , including revelations about the Rev. Marcial Maciel , the deceased founder of the Legionaries of Christ .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Phantom Ray : Boeing unveils spy plane of the future ... that does n't need a pilot
It may look like a futuristic starfighter , but this sleek gun-metal craft is Boeing 's latest unmanned spy plane .
Called the Phantom Ray , the cutting - edge unmanned airborne system ( UAS ) was unveiled at a ceremony in St Louis yesterday .
The sleek craft has a 50ft wingspan , measures 36ft long and has a gross weight of 36,500lbs .
It operates at an altitude of 40,000ft , which is 10,000 ft higher than the average long - haul commercial airliner .
It will cruise comfortably at a speed of 614 mph , or 0.8 mach , just shy of the speed of sound .
The Phantom Ray was unveiled by Boeing yesterday .
It has a 50ft wingspan and is due to take part in test flights this summer Boeing unveils the fighter - sized Phantom Ray , which has a 50ft wingspan
The Phantom Ray is a ' one off ' demonstration vehicle intended to be a flying test bed for future technology development opportunities .
It was developed by Boeing Phantom Works based on a prototype that the company had originally created for the U.S military .
Designed in a way to create a very low radar cross-section , the craft does n't betray its presence over enemy territories .
The engine is buried within the body to reduce the infra-red signature , thus throwing missiles off its course .
It is likely any weaponry on board would ' pop out ' only when needed .
CEO of Boeing Defense , Space and Security , Dennis Muilenburg , said : ' Phantom Ray offers a host of options for our customers as a test bed for advanced technologies , including intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ; suppression of enemy air defenses ; electronic attack and autonomous aerial refueling - the possibilities are nearly endless . '
How the Phantom Ray could look in flight .
It could be used both for surveillance and suppressing enemy air defences
The Ray has been developed in just two years through a process called rapid prototyping and manufacturing .
It is scheduled for testing this summer and is due to launch in December , with 10 flights planned over six months .
' We are on a fast track , and first flight is in sight , ' Darryl Davis , president of Boeing Phantom Works , said .
Phantom Ray is designed to be a test bed for advanced technologies and support such missions as intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance , suppression of enemy air defences , electronic attack , strike and autonomous aerial refueling .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
After returning from Vietnam , Ellsberg went back to work at the RAND Corporation .
In 1967 , he contributed to a top - secret study of classified documents regarding the conduct of the Vietnam War that had been commissioned by Defense Secretary McNamara . [
2 ]
These documents , completed in 1968 , later became known collectively as the Pentagon Papers .
Because he held an extremely high - level security clearance , Ellsberg was one of very few individuals who had access to the complete set of documents . [
3 ]
They revealed that the government had knowledge all along that the war would not likely be won , and that continuing the war would lead to many times more casualties than was ever admitted publicly . [
4 ]
Further , the papers showed that high - ranking officials had a deep cynicism toward the public , as well as disregard for the loss of life and injury suffered by soldiers click here and civilians . [ 4 ]
By 1969 Ellsberg began attending anti-war events while still remaining in his position at RAND .
He experienced an epiphany attending a War Resisters League conference at Haverford College in August 1969 , listening to a speech given by a draft resister named Randy Kehler , who calmly said he was " very excited " that he would soon be able to join his friends in prison . [
5 ] Ellsberg described his reaction :
And he said this very calmly .
I had n't known that he was about to be sentenced for draft resistance .
It hit me as a total surprise and shock , because I heard his words in the midst of actually feeling proud of my country listening to him .
And then I heard he was going to prison .
It was n't what he said exactly that changed my worldview .
It was the example he was setting with his life .
How his words in general showed that he was a stellar American , and that he was going to jail as a very deliberate choice -- because he thought it was the right thing to do .
There was no question in my mind that my government was involved in an unjust war that was going to continue and get larger .
Thousands of young men were dying each year .
I left the auditorium and found a deserted men's room .
I sat on the floor and cried for over an hour , just sobbing .
The only time in my life I 've reacted to something like that . [ 6 ]
In late 1969 , with the assistance of his former RAND Corporation colleague , Anthony Russo , Ellsberg secretly made several sets of photocopies of the classified documents he had access to - these became known as the Pentagon Papers .
Throughout 1970 , Ellsberg covertly attempted to persuade a few sympathetic U.S. Senators -- among them J. William Fulbright , chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , and George McGovern , a leading opponent of the war -- to release the papers on the Senate floor , because a Senator could not be prosecuted for anything he said on - the - record before the Senate .
Ellsberg told U.S. Senators that they should be prepared to go to jail in order to end the Vietnam War . [ 7 ]
When these efforts failed , Ellsberg released the documents to New York Times correspondent Neil Sheehan .
On Sunday , June 13 , 1971 , the Times published the first of nine excerpts and commentaries on the 7,000 page collection .
For 15 days , the Times was prevented from publishing its articles by court order requested by the Nixon administration .
Meanwhile , Ellsberg leaked the documents to The Washington Post and 17 other newspapers [ 8 ] [ 9 ] .
On June 30 , the Supreme Court ordered publication of the Times to resume freely ( New York Times Co. v. United States ) .
Although the Times did not reveal Ellsberg as their source , he went into hiding for 13 days afterwards , suspecting that the evidence would point to him as the source of the theft . [
10 ]
On June 29 , 1971 , U.S. SenatorMike Gravel of Alaska entered 4,100 pages of the Papers into the record of his Subcommittee on Public Buildings and Grounds , which he had received from Ellsberg via Ben Bagdikian -- then an editor at the Washington Post .
These portions of the Papers were subsequently published by Beacon Press . [ 11 ]
Randy Kehler never thought his going to prison would end the war .
If I had n't met Randy Kehler it would n't have occurred to me to copy those papers .
His actions spoke to me as no mere words would have done .
He put the right question in my mind at the right time .
And We 're Off : Hurt Locker Files First 5,000 Lawsuits Against File Sharers
from the welcome - to - the - digital - hurt - locker dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
As was widely rumored and more or less confirmed by the rude email fromproducers , saying that anyone who thought this was a bad idea was a " moron " and a " thief , " the producers ofhave now officially started suing people , whom they accuse of sharing the movie online in an unauthorized manner .
While the initial rumors said that there would be " tens of thousands " of lawsuits -- and some had predicted over 100,000 -- at least the initial burst is for 5,000 people .
The actual complaint ( pdf and also embedded below ) has some fun claims about how a single copy being distributed destroys the whole market blah blah blah .
That this point is disproved time and time again by box office results apparently does n't matter :
Of course , this really has nothing to do with stopping unauthorized file sharing or the perceived harm of file sharing .
This is entirely about trying to squeeze money out of people .
Thomas Dunlap , the lawyer running this under the name US Copyright Group , is n't looking to take any of these lawsuits to court .
The whole point is to find out who these people are and to send them legal nastygrams , that come very close to your garden variety extortion letter -- telling people that they 'll drop the lawsuit if they just pay $ 1,500 .
It comes across as a classic " protection racket . "
" Pay up and you wo n't get hurt . "
Hopefully more ISPs stand up for their customers ( and their own business interests ) and do n't just roll over .
But , more importantly , hopefully the courts recognize how questionable this practice is and start blocking such a clear abuse of the court system .
Over in the UK , lawyers have been disciplined for these sorts of stunts , and in France , some lawyers were barred from practice for six months after trying to do something similar .
With any luck , US officials recognize that this is an abuse of the legal system and work quickly to block this practice .
Filed Under : copyright , hurt locker , lawsuits , nicolas chartier
Companies : voltage pictures
ROMULUS , Mich . --
When Nicklas Lidstrom took off his Detroit Red Wings uniform and unlaced his skates Saturday night , the defenseman did n't wonder whether he would wear the winged wheel again .
" I swear , I did n't , " he insisted .
The 40 - year - old Lidstrom deflected every question from reporters about his future after getting off the team plane Sunday afternoon , about 15 hours after his season ended .
The San Jose Sharks eliminated Detroit on home ice in Game 5 of their second - round series .
" I have n't thought about it yet , " he said .
" It 's not on my mind right now .
" I do n't have a timetable . "
But Lidstrom acknowledged knowing the Red Wings want an answer from him before free agency begins July 1 .
Detroit general manager Ken Holland hopes to meet with every player , including Lidstrom , within the next two weeks and wants to re-sign Lidstrom .
" We want him back , " Holland said .
" I do n't know what process he 's got to go through . "
Lidstrom did n't publicly provide any clues , saying he has n't even privately discussed the options with his wife and kids .
He has spent his entire 18 - season career with the Red Wings .
The Swedish superstar seemed to slip from great to good this season , contributing 49 points -- his second - lowest total in 14 seasons -- then his mistakes were noticed for a change in the playoffs .
He was n't a finalist for the Norris Trophy for just the second time in more than a decade .
Just two years ago , though , he was honored as the NHL 's best defenseman for a sixth time to put him behind only Bobby Orr's and Doug Harvey 's total .
" I do n't think I 'm that far away from where I was two years ago , " Lidstrom said .
Lidstrom played in his 247th playoff game Saturday night , matching Patrick Roy 's mark and trailing only Chris Chelios ' record total of 266 .
But he does n't plan to play long enough to challenge the 48 - year - old Chelios ' longevity .
" If I 'm going to continue to play , that 's not going to be a goal of mine , " Lidstrom said with a smile .
Three little fish ...
Disclaimer : Work on this in the Norwegian government has been going on for years .
I worked on this for four months , producing a 45 - page report .
This blog posting oversimplifies most of the way through in the interests of brevity .
The full report is here , and if you can read Norwegian you can post your feedback in the form on that page .
Ever since ODF and OOXML burst onto the scene in ISO SC34 I 've tried to avoid getting pulled into the mess .
I was quite successful at this for several years , until one day one our managers at Bouvet suggested we bid for a contract to write a report for the Norwegian government ( strictly speaking , the Agency for Public Management and eGovernment ( Difi ) ) .
The report was about whether to recommend / require ODF and / or OOXML in the Norwegian public sector .
I could n't come up with any valid excuses for not doing it , and so we sent in a bid , and in the end won the contract .
The context of the report is that in Norway the government issues a reference catalogue listing the standards that the public sector is required or recommended to use within various usage areas .
Earlier versions of the catalogue required use of ODF in two usage areas , and listed OOXML as being " under observation " .
So for publication of editable documents on public web sites ODF has been the required format in Norway for a while now .
( Note the word " editable " ; documents which are not meant to be edited by the recipient must be published in either HTML or PDF . )
My task was to take into account recent developments in the field and make recommendations for how the report should be updated with regards to four specific areas of usage .
Basically , this meant following up the " under observation " part .
Should the catalogue also make OOXML required or recommended for some of these areas ?
Or something else entirely ?
Method
Approaching a task like this was not easy .
What recommendations would make sense ?
And how to justify them ?
What does the Norwegian public sector actually need ?
That last question gave me a place to start .
If I could put together some use cases that should show me what functionality users would need .
I could then check the description of that functionality in the standards , and also do some testing to see if interchange of documents using this functionality would work in practice .
So this is what I did .
I came up with a small set of use cases for each of the usage areas .
Very briefly , it goes like this :
Web publishing # 1 : Forms ( fill out , send in electronically ) # 2 : Templates ( proposed templates for various kinds of documents ) # 3 : Contracts ( proposed standard contracts , to be edited )
Attachments to emails from public sector to private # 4 : Forms ( receive via email , this time ) # 5 : Contract writing ( with a private - sector supplier , for example )
Attachments to emails within public sector # 6 : Collaborative authoring # 7 : Interchange of budget data
The list was produced through interviews with colleagues and various representatives from the public sector .
I realize the list is very short , but remember that most documents are not meant to be edited by the recipient , and for these documents the public sector is required to use HTML or PDF .
Note also that , as you 'll see , adding more use cases is very unlikely to change the final conclusion .
From these scenarios I then drew up a short list of the necessary functionality :
Basic formatting ( paragraphs , lists , tables , etc ; all use cases )
Change tracking ( # 5 and # 6 )
Comments ( # 5 and # 6 )
Spreadsheets with formulas ( #7 )
Spreadsheets with macros ( #7 )
Forms ( protected against editing with a password ; # 1 , # 2 , and # 4 )
Sunset on Canary Wharf
The specs themselves
Now , I was asked to consider two specifications only : ECMA - 376:2006 , which is the very first OOXML standard ( not the one later published by ISO ) , and ODF 1.1 .
Together these two documents run to 6783 pages , which was a bit much for me to digest and consider in the limited number of hours I had at my disposal .
I therefore decided to focus on the specification of the specific functionalities in the list above ( except the first one ) , and to look for general reports of problems in the two specifications to get a feel for the quality of each .
For ODF 1.1 the results were basically as follows :
General quality Lots of errors , and quite a few holes where things basically are not specified at all .
The mistakes I found were mostly minor ( that is , very limited in scope ) .
Change tracking
The handling of change tracking in running text is quite fair , but does n't seem to be complete .
Change tracking in tables , lists , formulas , etc is missing .
Comments Looks perfectly fine to me .
I 'm not sure about the parts that describe how comments are placed , but then no - one seems to implement that , anyway , and positioning of comments is not that important .
Spreadsheets with formulas
This was my first surprise .
The specification of formulas just is n't there .
Section 8.1.3 of the spec discusses formulas , but is very vague .
There 's no formal grammar , no list of functions , no list of datatypes , and no evaluation model .
Basically , it says formulas should start with " a namespace prefix " , then " = " , and has some informal prose on how to refer to cells and ranges .
That 's all .
Spreadsheets with macros
This did n't really come as a surprise : no macro language or API for macros is defined .
There 's a defined place to put the macros , an attribute for saying what language you used , and various bits of documents have places where you can put event handlers , but that 's all .
Forms
There 's a fairly big and detailed section on forms with various types of controls and so on .
To my surprise , there are even mechanisms for connecting this to databases ( not relevant for our purposes , but interesting , anyway ) .
There 's also a mechanism for making a section of a document read - only , and to do it you put a hash of the password into an attribute .
Unfortunately , nothing is said about how to produce the hash , which rather reduces the value of the mechanism .
For OOXML the results were like this :
General quality
As everyone knows there 's lots of errors and mistakes in the ECMA - 376:2006 specification .
Even the RELAX - NG schemas that come with it turned out to have syntax errors in them .
Change tracking OOXML spends 120 pages on this , a lot of them duplicated .
The functionality is very detailed , going into table changes , formatting changes , list numbering changes , etc etc .
I could n't digest it all , but as far as I could tell it was solid .
Comments Perfectly fine .
Spreadsheets with formulas
People have made much of the date problem ( no pre-1900 dates , 1900 is incorrectly specified as a leap year ) , but this part of the spec is mostly quite solid , and the date problem does not appear to be very relevant for the public sector .
There is a formal grammar , datatypes , function definitions , etc etc .
Yes , there are errors and so on , but at least it 's specified in full detail .
Spreadsheets with macros Essentially the same as for ODF : not specified .
Forms
This is described in extensive detail in the spec .
The XML modelling of forms looks like it's a direct translation from the original binary format ( which it probably is ) , so it 's not exactly beautiful , but as far as I can tell everything you need is there and fully specified .
The read - only protection mechanism is fairly complicated ( because it 's connected with the encryption mechanism ) , but again looks fully specified .
In short : ODF 1.1 has a huge gaping hole in it as far as spreadsheets are concerned and is full of errors and omissions .
ECMA - 376 appears to have all the necessary functionality , but is also full of errors .
I made no attempt to judge which of the two has the greater density of errors .
Both specifications also have stability issues , although this is worse in the case of OOXML than for ODF .
The implementations
Wikipedia lists a good number of implementations for both formats , so I picked the ones that , as far as I know , have a reasonable set of functionality .
Then , for OOXML I considered those which could write OOXML , and for ODF those which could write ODF .
Interestingly , there was a reasonable number of each , and for both formats there was a choice of more than 2 implementations on each of the Linux , Mac , and Windows platforms .
In theory it therefore looked like both formats could be used .
If , that is , the tools really supported the formats well enough .
The only way to verify that was by testing .
I made very simple test documents for each of the functionalities listed above in the reference implementation ( MS Office for OOXML , OpenOffice for ODF ) , then opened these in the other tools .
If successful , I would make some changes , save to a new file , and open in the reference tool again .
The results were downright depressing .
For OOXML , in most cases none of the tools came up with usable results .
For change tracking NeoOffice actually worked .
And for spreadsheets NeoOffice and Gnumeric both worked fine .
( IBM Lotus Symphony and Google Docs also read the spreadsheets correctly , but they can't write OOXML . )
For ODF , in most cases only IBM Lotus Symphony ( which is really a fork of OpenOffice ) was successful .
For comments Microsoft Office (! ) and AbiWord also got it right .
For spreadsheets the latest Gnumeric for Windows also got it right .
In short , if you want to use ODF or OOXML today , then apparently for OOXML you must use Microsoft Office and for ODF you must use OpenOffice or IBM Lotus Symphony .
Or , alternatively , you can use another tool and do lots of manual cleaning up .
I realize that the testing I describe here is very superficial , and I would not on the basis of this testing have made the claim that interchange between tools works .
But most of these very , very simple tests failed .
My conclusion is that if not even the simplest cases work then real documents are definitely not going to work .
Field , Flåm , Norway
Conclusion
By now I guess the conclusion should be obvious .
I could n't recommend either format .
Both specs are of very low quality , and for neither format do you have much of a choice of tools .
For the public sector this would essentially mean having to agree not on a format , but on a single tool to be used sector - wide .
The purpose of creating standards should be to achieve interoperability , but in this case that just has n't happened yet .
Having said that , ODF 1.2 looks like it will satisfy nearly all the shortcomings with ODF 1.1 that my report identifies .
Similarly , it looks like the next OOXML version ( ISO / IEC 29500:2008 amendment 1 ) will solve most of the OOXML issues .
If the implementors follow up and improve their converters things will look much brighter .
Unfortunately , this is going to take a couple of years .
So my conclusion in the report is that both standards should be listed as " under observation " for all usage areas .
( Note that this describes version 0.9 of the report .
Version 1.0 is due within a month .
Feedback over the next week or so is very much welcome . )
Now what ?
If previous experience with the OOXML / ODF war is any guide , now follows the part where lots of people get very upset .
That 's life , I guess .
I went to this job with a genuinely open mind , curious about what I would find , and was really disappointed with the outcome .
I knew the specs had problems , but I really thought they were better than this .
That the tools were as poor as they are came as an even bigger surprise .
In the end , given the results I got I really had no choice about the conclusion .
SO YOU WANT TO START A WEBCOMIC
One of the most common questions I get is “ Hey Jeph !
I want to start a webcomic of my own , BUT I DON ’T KNOW HOW !!!
WHAT DO I DO ?!?!?! "
WELL HERE’S HOW .
STEP 1 : COME UP WITH AN IDEA .
This is a complex process and really worthy of its own entire article , so I ’m not gonna touch on this here .
But suffice to say , if you want to start a webcomic , you need an idea .
Do n’t start one until you have that idea .
STEP 2 : COME UP WITH A TITLE AND BUY A DOMAIN NAME .
Ideally , the title and domain name should be the same .
Keep it simple , do n’t try to be TOO clever .
The TLD does n’t really matter - I ’ve never had a .com and I do just fine .
I use Hover for all my domain registry needs .
Buying your domain should n’t cost any more than $ 15 per year .
Do n’t get a subdomain on somebody else ’s site ( ie mywebcomic.buttpig.com or handlefight.net/jerryscomicaboutfeelings ) .
This is a waste of time , nobody will be able to remember your web address , and it looks unprofessional .
Spend the fifteen bucks .
STEP 3 : SECURE HOSTING .
Good starter packages from reputable companies can be had for very cheap , these days .
DreamHost currently has a starter package for $ 8.95 / month , and if you ca n’t afford that …maybe you ’re not ready to do a webcomic ?
Some tips : " Free ” hosting is never free in the long run , NO MATTER WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN TOLD BY THE PERSON OFFERING IT .
“ Unlimited ” bandwidth is often NOT ACTUALLY UNLIMITED , but when you ’re starting out it probably wo n’t matter anyway .
You are probably going to be fine with just a basic hosting package as you start out - immediate , overwhelming success is highly unlikely , but if it should happen you can always upgrade your hosting plan .
Hosting your comic via Blogger or Livejournal or Tumblr or one of the other free services is …okay , I guess .
But you ’re really better off with your own hosting plan , and the control and flexibility that gives you .
STEP 4 : BUILD YOUR WEBSITE .
This is another topic that could be its own whole article , but here are the basics : keep it simple , make it easy to navigate , and make sure the comic is the center of attention .
You do n’t HAVE to know HTML and CSS to do a webcomic but OH MY GOD IT HELPS .
And they ’re both really easy to learn !
Beyond that , if you know PHP and mySQL and can put together your own archives / navigation , more power to you !
But if you do n’t know how to program ( I do n’t ) there are plenty of alternatives , from really powerful , customizable stuff like WordPress and ComicPress to stupid - simple ( but much less flexible ) stuff like Blogspot code .
( Back when I was doing IndieTits , all of its code and navigation was just done via Blogger with a custom CSS skin over top . )
And of course you can always make friends or ( better yet , because it ensures reliability ) pay someone to do all this for you .
Protip : Seduce a programmer , have them build your site for you .
Warning : may have Consequences .
STEP 5 : START WORKING ON YOUR ACTUAL COMIC .
You can do this concurrently or before steps 1 through 4 .
It is , of course , the whole point and the most important part !
I recommend having at least a month ’s worth of comics done before you actually publish them on the site .
This number will vary depending on your update schedule .
Do n’t have your first strip being your main character (s ) doing some variation of “ Welcome to the comic !
What is it about , anyway ?
Man… I dunno… ” or any other fourth - wall breaking nonsense .
You want to start off as strong as possible .
STEP 6 : DETERMINE AN UPDATE SCHEDULE , AND STICK TO IT .
You might have some ideas before you actually start making your comic , but you wo n’t really know for sure what you can realistically keep up with until you ’ve done at least five or ten strips .
A good rule of thumb is to take whatever updates per week / month seems reasonable to you , and subtract one .
If you wanna do 3 x a week , do 2 x until 2 x starts to feel too easy .
Your readers would rather have fewer reliable updates than more unreliable ones .
You gotta be honest with ‘ em .
If the best way for you to make comics is to stick to a “ when it ’s done ” schedule , say that upfront .
Missing deadlines makes you look like a chump .
People resent that shit .
Filler art is okay if something comes up , but you really , REALLY need to establish that you are good on your word when it comes to updating .
If you find you ’ve overextended yourself , by all means scale back your update schedule until it becomes manageable .
It ’s better to do that than get burnt out and quit .
But ideally you should never find yourself in this position to begin with .
Possibly useful anecdote : when I started QC , I did two strips a week for the first month .
That felt too easy , so I switched to a 3 x per week schedule for the rest of the first year .
I did n’t move to 5 x a week until it became my day job , because I knew I would n’t be able to have a “ real ” job and still do a comic every night .
To this day , doing 5 strips a week remains a challenge , but I ’ve stuck with it and ( mostly ) succeeded .
STEP 6 : LAUNCH THAT SHIT !
This is it , your big premiere !
Tell all your friends and family !
Email your favorite authors and let them know they inspired you to start a comic of your own , and it ’d be great if they could check it out in their spare time !
Do n’t be a pest about it .
Do n’t ask established authors to link to it right away .
If we like it , we ’ll link it when we ’re good and ready .
Congratulations !
You ’re officially Doing a Webcomic !
STEP 7 : … OKAY , NOW WHAT ???
I bet you thought all the stuff in steps 1 through 6 was the hard part , right ?
WELL GUESS WHAT , THAT WAS THE EASY STUFF .
Because NOW you have to KEEP IT UP .
You have to KEEP MAKING COMICS , keep STRIVING TO IMPROVE , in the face of a cold , uncaring internet .
You wo n’t get fanmail .
You wo n’t have people posting on your forum ( if you have a forum ) .
You wo n’t get tons of Twitter followers or people talking about you on other websites or famous cartoonists linking to your strip ( probably ) .
Do n’t even THINK about making merchandise until you have at LEAST 3,000 unique visitors per update day , and even then expect to ONLY sell enough stuff to make the bare order minimums ( I say this from personal experience . )
You have to realize that 99 % of webcomics never achieve much of a readership .
Only a TINY PERCENTAGE make significant money for their creators , and only a TINY PERCENTAGE of those make enough money to SUPPORT their creators .
You ca n’t go into this field expecting fame or fortune or even recognition .
To be frank , the odds are that you will achieve none of these things .
BUT !
If you really do keep at it , if you really do keep striving to improve , to make friends in the “ community ” ( such as it is ) , to get the word out , and if you really do good , unique work , you might start to build an audience .
It might trickle in slowly over a period of years .
You might get Dugg or Redditted or linked by a bigger comic and get a huge influx of temporary traffic .
Even then , your comic might not ever attract a large audience .
Success in webcomics is a combination of timing , skill , appeal , and luck .
Luck is probably the most important of the four .
I ’m certainly well - aware of how stupendously , profoundly lucky I have been .
But you ca n’t let that discourage you , because you wo n’t know how you ’re gonna do unless you KEEP AT IT .
And if you ’re doing your comic for the right reasons ( ie , it ’s fun ) you should be ABLE to keep at it !
And you honestly never know .
Your strip COULD be the next XKCD , the next Penny Arcade , the next MS Paint Adventures ( it wo n’t be the next QC because I am systematically murdering and devouring my competition so as to gain their powers ) .
So :
GOOD LUCK .
AND KEEP AT IT .
Free Download
Share
2010 SXSW might be over already , but you can still get some good free music from many labels .
Exponential Records , Ninja Tune , Stones Throw , Daly City , Creaked , Innovative Leisure , and Fake Four have put together a 19 - track compilation for you enjoyment and made is available as a free download to everyone .
With tracks from all over the world and across many different genres everyone is destined to find something they will like .
From Exponential Records
For the past 2 years we have welcomed in the SXSW festivities by releasing free compilations of Exponential Records music .
This year we are doing the same except we have invited some of our friends and respected labels to create a compilation that showcases a few of our upcoming projects .
We proudly present Kadohadacho…music from Exponential , Ninja Tune , Stones Throw , Daly City , Creaked , Innovative Leisure , and Fake Four .
A little bit of Texas history for you …the name Texas comes from the Caddo Indian word Tejas which means allies and friends … which serves as the theme for this year ’s Spring compilation .
To give credit back to the Caddo Indians we named the compilation Kadohadacho which means “ True Chiefs ”
The entire album is a free download so enjoy !
Tracklist
1. Diego Bernal – A Long Second
From the album Besides on Exponential
2. Heliocentrics – Sirius B ( Remix ) ft. Vast Aire
Courtesy of Stones Throw
3. Robot Koch – Soundboy
From the album Aftershocks EP on Robots Do n’t Sleep
4. Poirier – Enemies ft. Face - T 2
From the album Run the Riddim on Ninja Tune
5. Oy – First Box Then Walk
From the album First Box Then Walk on Creaked
6. LAZER SWORD – Gucci Sweatshirt ( LS RMX )
from the album Gucci Sweatshirt on Innovative Leisure
7. Jammer – Party Animal
From the forthcoming album on Big Dada Records Ninja Tune / Big Dada
8. Sutekh – The Glorious Day Has Dawned
from the album On Bach on Creaked
9. Shlohmo – Hot Boxing The Cockpit
from the album Shlomoshun Deluxe on Friends of Friends
10 . Aether – Tomorrows Thief
from the forthcoming album on Exponential
11 . Sole & The Skyrider Band – Mr. Insurgent
from the album Plastique on Fake Four
12 . Deceptikon – Kinyoubi
from the album Mythology of the Metropolis on Daly City Records
13 . Day of the Woman – Jennifer Hills
from the forthcoming album D.O.T.W. on Exponential
14 . James Pants – Thin Moon
from the album Seven Seals on Stones Throw
15 . Ernest Gonzales – Etchasketch Trees ( Yppah Remix )
from the album Self Awakening EP on Friends of Friends
16 . A.M. Architect – Ad Hoc
from the forthcoming album on Exponential
17 . Mochipet – Moog Porn
from the album Baby Godzilla on Daly City Records
18 . Mexicans With Gun – Me Gusto ( Ghosts on Tape Remix )
from the album Me Gusto EP on Innovative Leisure
19 . Cars & Trains – Asleep on a Train
from the album The Roots , The Leaves on Fake Four
Related Links :
Exponential Records
Ninja Tune
Stones Throw
Daly City
Creaked
Innovative Leisure
Fake Four
On Saturday night , for the first time in my life , I was kicked out of a restaurant — Restaurant Marc Forgione in TriBeCa .
It ’s a good restaurant , with a great cocktail and a clever bread operation .
But that ’s as far as I got into the meal .
About ten minutes after my party of four sat down , we heard yelling — loud , sustained , top - of - lungs yelling — coming from the kitchen .
Mr. Forgione was dressing down a member of the staff , in full view of many of the customers .
The dining room quieted as patrons exchanged uncomfortable glances .
No one said a thing though .
Soon the target of the chef ’s harsh words delivered our amuse - bouche , and the poor guy was so rattled he could barely speak above a mumble .
A few minutes later , the chef was at it again .
Fifteen seconds .
Another fifteen .
And without much forethought , I pushed back my chair and walked through the open doorway of the kitchen .
I do n’t remember exactly what I said , though I did not raise my voice to the point beyond where people in the kitchen could hear it .
I told the chef that his behavior was making me and others uncomfortable .
I let him know that I thought it was mean .
And I asked him to cut it out .
I do n’t remember exactly what he said in response , but whatever it was , I found it irritating enough that I reminded him that I was paying to eat there and told him again to stop berating his staff at that volume .
Maybe 20 seconds after I had returned to my seat , he approached the table .
He apologized , barely , and then let me know that he thought it was incredibly rude of me to come into his kitchen and tell him how to do his job .
I repeated the fact that he had been ruining my dinner .
But his yelling was all in the interest of maintaining quality , he said .
“ I think it ’s time for you to go , ” he said .
“ Are you kicking me out ? ” I asked .
“ Yes , ” he replied .
I ’m not naive about restaurants .
People who work there sometimes yell , though usually out of earshot .
And when I eat in a higher - end establishment like this , I try to respect the artistry of the proprietor .
I ask to have the food cooked the way the chef thinks it ’s best .
I do n’t ask for salt .
I do n’t ask for skim .
( I do ask to have different gelato flavors in separate bowls , knowing full well that “ They do n’t do it that way in Italy ! ”
They have it wrong in Italy , too , but I digress . )
In this particular instance , however , something did n’t feel right .
I do n’t know if Mr. Forgione had been watching too much Gordon Ramsay on television or had learned the wrong lessons from his mentors .
Listening to him in action , however , conjured up the particular type of nausea that results from watching people yank their misbehaving kids around on the subway or seeing my own kid smash a defenseless insect .
When I called him on Monday to tell him I was writing this post about the evening , Mr. Forgione , in fact , said that I had scolded him like a child on Saturday night .
“ First and foremost , you came into my kitchen and spoke to me very disrespectfully in front of my cooks , ” he said .
“ The kitchen is a sacred space . ”
He told me that my reply to his attempts to explain why he was yelling , while I was in the kitchen was , “ We ’re not interested . ”
That sounds about right , since we had n’t come to the restaurant to listen to him yell repeatedly at his staff about whatever it was that he thought they were doing wrong .
That was n’t what got us kicked out though , according to Mr. Forgione .
He claimed that he did n’t decide to ask us to leave until he explained to us tableside that his yelling was all in the interest of making everything perfect .
“ Well you are n’t , ” he remembers me saying .
“ And then , ” he continued , “ you waved a hand in my direction as if I was an annoying bug .
Someone who acts like that in my restaurant , I would never serve . ”
As with any confrontation , you always think of ways you could have handled it better in retrospect .
It would have been more polite to ask for our friends ’ endorsement before marching into the kitchen ( Sorry Luke ! Sorry Jen ! ) .
And as my better half noted later , my comments might have had more moral force had they not been a request at all .
I could have simply told him that we were n’t going to sit there and listen to him abuse his employees and that we were leaving .
Once I dressed him down in front of his staff , I imagine his manhood suffered enough that he had no choice but to kick us all out , lest he lose face .
Perhaps a woman should have gone to talk with him instead , one on one .
So I could have handled myself better .
But my comments hardly rose to the level of disturbance or nastiness that Mr. Forgione displayed .
He now says that he was aware of the problem and was planning on making it up later to everyone within earshot by comping dessert and whatnot , even before I invaded his space .
Still , I ’m not sorry I spoke up , and Mr. Forgione was n’t interested in apologizing to me either .
Is either one of us right or wrong ?
What would you have done if you were me , or if you were Mr. Forgione ?
The benefits of breast milk for babies are numerous .
Lower rates of childhood obesity , decreased incidence of asthma and even better brain development are all linked with drinking more of mother 's milk in infancy , and despite decades of research and promising marketing claims , the formula industry has not caught up to mother nature in the milk department .
But even if technicians could develop a better food for infants , researchers are now realizing that skipping the lactation phase would be problematic for mothers ' health .
In fact , not breastfeeding after giving birth seems to put women at higher risk for breast and ovarian cancer , diabetes , cardiovascular disease and many other serious health conditions .
The mechanisms behind these increased risks are still being sorted out , but researchers think that by not engaging in the process that the body prepares for during pregnancy , many crucial systems can go out of whack .
And the effects can last for decades after children are weaned .
" The normal physiology is breastfeeding after pregnancy , " says Alison Stuebe , an assistant professor in the Division of Maternal Fetal Medicine at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill , who describes breastfeeding as the fourth trimester of pregnancy .
When women cannot or choose not to breastfeed , " there are myriad consequences , and we 're just figuring them out , " she says .
This image , based on medical imaging and computer rendering by the Visual MD , reveals the some of the biological systems affected during lactation , many of which are now thought to have lasting effects on a woman 's health .
Costs of not nursing
About 85 percent of U.S. women have at least one child , and based on information about the virtues of breast milk for all those babies , most health agencies recommend that when biologically possible and safe women breastfeed infants exclusively for the first six months with the option of introducing complementary foods in addition to breast milk through 12 months .
Almost three quarters of women in 2005 ( the latest year for which data are available ) started breastfeeding their infants shortly after birth .
By six months , however , only 42 percent of women were still feeding their babies any breast milk at all ( with 12 percent still feeding exclusively breast milk at that point ) .
Considering the improved health outcomes for the infants alone , the U.S. could save about $ 13 billion each year on medical costs if 90 percent of women nursed their infants exclusively for the first six months , according to an analysis by led by Melissa Bartick of the Department of Medicine at Cambridge Health Alliance and Harvard Medical School , published March 2010 in the journal Pediatrics .
And that sum says nothing of the money that might be saved on health costs for mothers if they breastfed , which Bartick estimates would be " significant . "
In a study of data from 139,681 postmenopausal women in the U.S. , those who breastfed for less than 12 months during their reproductive years had a higher risk for cardiovascular disease , diabetes , hyperlipidemia and hypertension than women who had lactated for more than a year in total .
For example , among women who had children , those who did not breastfeed had a 42.1 percent chance of developing hypertension , where mothers who breastfed for at least 12 months had a 38.6 percent chance , according to an analysis led by Eleanor Schwarz , an assistant professor of medicine , obstetrics , gynecology and reproductive sciences at the University of Pittsburgh , and published May 2009 in Obstetrics & Gynecology .
For women who never become pregnant , many of their risks seem to be closer to those who have children and breastfed .
Mobilizing mothers ' fat
Those breastfeeding benefits accrue in part because nursing can start to break down some of the fat that accumulates in women 's bodies during pregnancy .
At first , some mothers despair for their figures because having children generally leads to thicker midsections and thighs as women 's bodies change to nourish a developing fetus and boost stores for feeding the baby once it is born .
Although not optimal for long - term health , this extra weight serves an important evolutionary function .
" Clearly the woman 's body is positioning itself to be able to put out an extra meal for another body , and it just takes saving calories , " Schwarz explains .
Producing milk for a single infant requires about 480 extra calories a day .
Various analyses have come back with different information of the ability of breastfeeding to help women slim down more quickly after pregnancy .
New research presented in March from Schwarz and Candace McClure , a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Pittsburgh 's Department of Epidemiology , found that women who had not breastfed had an average of about seven and a half additional centimeters of fat around their waists ( as gleaned from CT scans ) .
But as Schwarz points out , " not all body fat is created equal . "
The fat that tends to accumulate during pregnancy is in part visceral fat , which sits around organs in the midsection and can put people more at risk for heart and other types of diseases .
Their CT study also found that , of the 351 women aged 45 to 58 , those who had children and not breastfed had 28 percent more visceral fat than those who had consistently breastfed .
Lactating women appear to be better at mobilizing these new fat stores than new mothers who are using formula .
And not shedding those extra post - pregnancy pounds may put women at risk for complications in later pregnancies as well as metabolic syndrome and related health problems , Stuebe and colleagues noted in a January 2009 review article published in the American Journal of Perinatology .
One big concern about these additional fat stores is their potential role in upping chances for diabetes later in life .
Pregnancy itself can decrease glucose tolerance and raise insulin resistance , hence the prevalence of gestational diabetes .
But research is accumulating to suggest that the process of lactation works to re-establish the balance of these key sensitivities .
According to a cohort analysis by Stuebe et al. , the longer a woman had lactated during her reproductive years , the less likely she was to get type 2 diabetes , regardless of BMI , which can be a risk factor for the disease .
Women who develop gestational diabetes are generally thought to be at higher risk for developing regular diabetes later in life .
But new research has shown that this increased risk is significantly lessened for women who breastfeed for more than nine months , Schwarz points out .
She adds that being able to tell women who have had gestational diabetes that breastfeeding will lower their chances of getting diabetes later has given her and many of her patients renewed hope for their future health .
Helping heart health
Breastfeeding helps mothers ' cardiovascular health in very specific ways , Schwartz found in her analysis of postmenopausal women .
" Women who reported longer histories of lactation had significantly lower rates of risk factors for cardiovascular disease , even after adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle variables , family history and BMI category , " Schwarz and her colleagues concluded in their May 2009 analysis .
In fact , those who had breastfed for more than 12 months were about 10 percent less likely to develop cardiovascular disease compared with women who had not breastfed .
Recent research has shown aortic calcification , a risk factor for stroke , heart attack and other cardiovascular complications , was " significantly more likely " to be found in mothers who had not breastfed than in those who had for at least three months — even after adjusting for lifestyle , family history , socioeconomic status , BMI and other health issues , according to a study led by Schwarz that was published in January 2010 in Obstetrics & Gynecology .
Schwarz and others are still trying to figure out why not nursing might lead to hardened arteries and other cardiovascular risk factors .
One possible explanation hinges on cholesterol levels , which increase during pregnancy .
For mothers who do not breastfeed , levels of triglycerides seem to take longer ( by about three months ) to reach pre-pregnancy levels .
Nursing mothers also seemed to have higher levels of high - density lipoprotein ( HDL , or so - called " good cholesterol " ) while they were breastfeeding .
But these shorter - term effects do not entirely clear up some of the questions surrounding heart disease later in life .
Better long - term heart health for breastfeeding mothers might stem in part from blood pressure , which was " significantly higher " in mothers who had not breastfed than in those who had ( 120 mmHg and 115 mmHg , respectively ) , according to the 2010 Schwarz study .
Research has suggested that one in 29 cases of postmenopausal hypertension could be avoided if mothers breastfed for at least 12 months during their reproductive years .
Risks for cardiovascular disease in lactating versus non-lactating mothers seem to be firm regardless of BMI , which is usually a factor for both conditions .
This finding " indicates that lactation does more than simply reduce a woman 's fat stores , " Schwarz and her colleagues wrote in their May 2009 paper .
They proposed that hormonal stimulation is likely playing a substantial role .
The neurotransmitter oxytocin , which is released during nursing , seems to help women get to that " blissed - out state " many women have while breastfeeding , Stuebe says .
And this relaxed state of mind can help women cope with all the stresses " that go with being a new mom . "
Simply getting the body in the habit of releasing this hormone by frequent nursing can pay off long after weaning .
" Moms who breastfeed over long times get really good at releasing oxytocin " at other times , which activates the parasympathetic nervous system and can help alleviate stress later in life , Stuebe says .
Cutting chances of cancer
Perhaps the most well - known maternal benefit of breastfeeding is reduced risks for breast and ovarian cancers .
New research is underscoring that link and shedding new light on some of the ways in which not nursing puts some women at higher risk .
For every 12 months a woman breastfed , her risk of breast cancer dropped 4.3 percent , Stuebe and Schwarz noted in a 2010 Journal of Perinatology paper .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
And for women who have a family history of breast cancer , breastfeeding seemed to decrease the risk of getting it , according to an analysis of data from more than 60,000 women led by Stuebe , published August 2009 in the Archives of Internal Medicine .
Whereas the potent drug Tamoxifen can reduce risk for those with a mother or sister who had breast cancer by about half , " moms who had breastfed at all had about 60 percent less risk , " Stuebe says .
" That 's a pretty significant statistic , " she adds .
The mechanisms behind these statistics remain unclear .
Women who had taken medication to suppress lactation also seemed to have a lower risk of developing breast cancer compared with women who gave birth but did not breastfeed , according to recent research by Stuebe and colleagues ( though these drugs have questionable safety records ) .
These findings hint that the changes in breasts that become engorged with milk that is not expressed could up the chances for breast cancer down the road .
Ovarian cancer risk also appears to be partially tied in with breastfeeding .
When compared with women who had breastfed for at least 18 months , mothers who never breastfed had a 1.5 - fold increased risk of developing ovarian cancer , according to one analysis .
Another study , published November 2009 in Cancer Causes & Control , found that the protective effect of lactating on ovarian cancer was strongest if women had breastfed their last child .
One hypothesis for the ovarian cancer connection is that small infections that often occur during breastfeeding ( known as mastitis ) might serve to protect the body against tumors in the future .
Antibodies that develop to fight the mastitis would persist in the body , and corollary evidence has shown that women who breastfed but did not have these antibodies were more likely to develop ovarian cancer than those who breastfed and did have the antibodies .
Assessing limitations
Although knowledge on the health rewards of breastfeeding only seems to be growing , many of these apparently protective effects do seem to diminish with time .
In Schwarz 's study of postmenopausal women , those aged 60 to 69 were only significantly less likely to get cardiovascular disease than those who had formula - fed if they had lactated for a total of 13 to 23 months , according to the analysis published last May .
And women who were 70 to 79 years old appeared to be at about the same risk for cardiovascular disease as their formula - feeding compatriots — regardless of how much they had breastfed during their younger years .
Despite the multitude of studies on maternal health outcomes and breastfeeding , many are small or based on methodologies that can fall prey to unintentional biases .
" Findings must be interpreted with caution , " Stuebe and her colleagues noted in their 2009 American Journal of Perinatology paper .
Although many studies try to control for lifestyle , they asserted , " women who breastfeed are more likely to engage in other healthy behaviors " and these are challenging to fully take into account .
There also might be a sort of long - term feedback loop , in which women who were breastfed as infants would be more likely to breastfeed their own children , thus benefiting from both their own early breast milk diet and the effects of lactating themselves , as Schwarz has pointed out .
No matter how many factors researchers have controlled for , confounding variables continue to abound .
Big questions about the complex relationship between breastfeeding and obesity remain .
Although some studies have tied breastfeeding to faster weight loss , the dynamic is much more complicated .
Being obese at delivery has also been linked to difficulty breastfeeding and decreased release of the hormone prolactin , which stimulates lactation , as Stuebe pointed out in her 2009 paper .
So teasing out finer elements of causation — and possibilities for mitigation — continues to challenge researchers looking for effective ways to study breastfeeding .
The best way to study the effects of breast and formula feeding on mothers and children would be to design a long - term , randomized controlled trial , which is the research gold standard in many medical fields .
But given the accumulated literature on the benefits of breastfeeding , such a trial would be " ethically problematic , " depriving half of the mother - baby dyads , Stuebe and her colleague noted in their 2009 paper .
One subtle but central adjustment in both the research and popular opinion has been to shift the act of breastfeeding from the experimental group to the baseline assessment .
" Breastfeeding is the standard to which all other feeding methods should be compared , " Bartick says .
" It 's not best , it 's not optimal — it 's just normal . "
Although many of the results from studies that use formula feeding as a baseline remain valid , the mindset behind it is overdue for change , she says .
When assessed as the norm , breastfeeding should not bestow benefits as much as formula feeding increases risks .
The research is still evolving , however , and Stuebe is not sure we have found all of the reasons breastfeeding should be a no - brainer health choice when it is an option .
" I think there are going to be many answers , " she says .
" It 's like saying , ' How does exercising improve health ? '
It 's the physiological norm . "
Check the version of your Downloads app
Any Downloads app with the version number starting 1 ( e.g. 1.14.2 ) must be uninstalled before installing the new Downloads app .
This is the old version of the Downloads app .
If your app has a version number starting 2 , you do n’t need to take any further steps .
John , our new junior writer , finally sent in two videos he recorded during his Team Portress demo shenanigans .
As you can tell right off the bat , the boy is pretty good switching between his shotgun and tricking his opponents with the portal gun .
In the first video , you can hear the red team grabbing the intelligence 3 times in a row very quickly .
Yes , this is one of the reasons why it is still in the alpha stage .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3659861&dest=-1 ]
In the video past the break , watch how John , pwns a heavy by sneaking up behind him using Portals science .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3660050&dest=-1 ]
I think THAT move right there could be the future of Team Fortress 2 .
Kyrgyz protester : “ The Jews are Kaput ”
Freelance reporter Ben Judah has just filed an absolutley gripping and powerful first - hand account of this week ’s events in Kyrgyzstan for FP .
Here ’s one brief excerpt :
Hundreds of men are on the move .
Their eyes have turned to glares .
Men enter this mob as shopkeepers , drivers or factory workers — only to lose themselves in the surge .
They are moving as one body , copying each other as they pick up the rhythmic chants and grab rocks to hurl at police .
A man in a gas mask is waving an AK - 47 .
All work has stopped .
Shop fronts are being boarded up .
Society is dissolving .
The grief of a people who have seen their quality of life slide continuously since the fall of the Soviet Union is turning into a frenzy born of despair .
Judah also notes a disturbing undercurrent of anti-Semitism in the crowd :
A placard hangs in a prominent spot on the building .
Black - painted words , in Russian so that foreigners like me can read them .
" Dirty Jews and all those like Maxim Bakiyev [ President Kurmanbek Bakiyev ’s son ] have no place in Kyrgyzstan . "
" We captured the building … Lots of people died , but now we are in control . "
The older man waves his laminated membership card of an opposition party in my face and grins at the placard .
" The Jews are Kaput . … The Jews are already gone . "
A smoker chides in from the left .
" The Jews were around the president and his gangster son Maxim .
They were taking over our economy , with banks and capital .
They have fled . "
The whole piece is an absolute must - read .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The House of Representatives approved a plan Friday that would pave the way for an eventual repeal of the military 's controversial " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , which bars openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service .
The measure passed in a largely party - line , 229- 186 vote as part of a larger defense authorization bill despite a growing controversy over allegations of wasteful spending in the legislation .
Most Democrats backed the bill while most Republicans opposed it .
Attention now shifts to the Senate , where the Armed Services Committee approved a " do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal earlier in the week .
As in the House , the committee was divided sharply along partisan lines .
The plan is a compromise under which the repeal would occur only after a military review of the question and subsequent approval by Obama , the defense secretary and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Opponents of the repeal language argue the military should first carry out the review ordered by Defense Secretary Robert Gates that is scheduled to be completed in December .
Only then would military leaders have the necessary information from force members to develop a plan for carrying out the repeal , they claim .
Under the compromise , the military would be given time to complete its review as sought by Gates and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm .
Mike Mullen .
Gates and Mullen both said this week they could accept the compromise language .
A recent CNN poll seemed to suggest that Americans are ready for the change .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday indicated that 78 percent of the public supports allowing openly gay people to serve in the military , with one in five opposed .
Threatening to derail the plan , however , is House members ' insistence on spending almost $ 500 million on a fighter engine that neither the White House nor the Pentagon wants .
Funding for the engine was included in the House 's version of the legislation but not the Senate's .
A White House spokesman warned before the House vote on Friday that President Barack Obama would veto the bill if funding for the engine is n't removed .
Gates has blasted the proposed funding for the extra F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter engine , calling it a " waste of money " that does n't meet the fighter 's performance needs .
The chairman of the Senate Armed Services committee said Friday that he hopes Obama would n't veto the plan if Congress failed to remove the controversial funding .
" It 's difficult to believe the president would do anything other than look at the entire bill , not just one provision , " said Sen. Carl Levin , D - Michigan .
Levin would n't predict if the engine funding would still be in the bill by the time it reaches Obama 's desk .
" We are a long way from having a product , " he said .
" Some of the things which I would think ( Obama ) may not like may be dropped along the way . "
Supporters of repealing the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy have been pressuring congressional Democrats to act now , fearing the party will lose its House or Senate majority in November 's midterm election and be unable to pass the measure afterward .
The compromise emerged late Monday from a meeting at the White House involving administration officials , gay rights groups and Pentagon officials , sources told CNN .
There were also talks on Capitol Hill involving White House lawyers , Pentagon officials and staff from the offices of influential House and Senate Democrats , including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , the sources added .
A senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the Pentagon review process told CNN it is well under way , with a survey going out shortly to about 70,000 troops and families to solicit their views .
In addition , the official said , town hall meetings already have been held around the country and more are expected , while a website provides a place for troops to write in their views .
The military needs until the end of 2010 to figure out how to implement the repeal in terms of housing , medical and marriage benefits , as well as issues involving the reinstatement of gay soldiers previously discharged under the policy , the official said .
A major problem might be determining how to reconcile the repeal of " do n't ask , do n't tell " with federal law that defines marriage as between a man a woman , the official added .
CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Laurie Ure , Alan Silverleib and Adam Levine contributed to this report
A month of the Hurd : Arch Hurd , updated Debian GNU / Hurd QEMU image , and GSoC students .
The Arch Hurd folks keep making good progress : their count of available packages keeps increasing , and one of their team reported the first instance of Arch Hurd running on real hardware ( and uploaded a photo as evidence ) .
Of course , our Debian port is still progressing , too : 66 % of all Debian packages are currently available for Debian GNU / Hurd .
Samuel Thibault 's fix got included in libxcb1 , so X.org again works out of the box using a simple startx .
Philip Charles extended his offerings with an updated GRUB USB stick for booting Debian GNU / Hurd .
Carl Fredrik Hammar proposed a patch to faciliate debugging the startup of misbehaving translators .
Mainly thanks to Jose Luis Alarcon Sanchez , we now have a new QEMU image .
It can be run with a simple qemu -m 512 - hda debian - hurd - 17042010 - qemu.img .
Thomas Schwinge updated our glibc maintenance repository to a recent version , including a bunch of the patches from the Debian glibc package ( and these are meant to eventually be submitted upstream ) .
After a long break , he as well updated his toolchain cross-compilation script cross - gnu to the current source code packages , and added C++ support .
On to the Google Summer of Code 2010 : we got three students working on the Hurd this year :
We'd be happy to see YOU sign up on our mailing lists ( bug - hurd and debian - hurd are the main lists ) , and contribute towards making the Hurd usable for everyone , as written down in our mission statement .
Perhaps one of the unassigned projects ( outside of the Google Summer of Code context ) from our project ideas list is fit for you ?
Everyone 's Talking about Carriers dumping the Google Nexus One , not so fast !
Turns out this is not true at least in one case .
While having a off topic conversation regarding our site with Verizon Executive they ran across a article about ' Verizon choosing Incredible over The Nexus One ' and pointed it out to our Editor Chris Y. and said " That article is not correct , this story is not true . "
" Verizon never dropped or decided not to pick up the Nexus One , " she said , " it was actually Google who did not make the phone available to Verizon . "
And they never cited a reason as to why they did not .
Our Chris Y. told her that he thought that " Everyone thought it was Verizon that decided to not go with Google Nexus One because of the HTC Incredible . "
She firmly replied , " Not True , we never turned down the Nexus One . "
Normally , if this was a customer service agent / representative , this story would not have much credibility , even if someone else had posted such a thing on the internet ; easily it would be dismissed .
This representative on the other hand is a high level executive that has been with Verizon for over ten years and is a very trustworthy source .
Another thing that really puts credit to this story is that the Executive was actually looking at our site and picked out our article , without any prompting from our staff , this was all done on their part and effort .
Which of course is greatly appreciated to help increase awareness in the Android , Verizon , and Google world .
This was much to our surprise after just releasing a article in regards to Sprint 's announcement about their decision not to carry the Google Nexus One .
Advertisement
" when Sprint 's Michelle Leff Mermelstein told gizmodo.com that the company would n't be selling the Nexus One because of the " upcoming availability of the award - winning Evo 4G , " it did n't change much for your average user .
The Evo , like the Incredible , looks at least as enticing as the Nexus One , and even shares a lot of the same hardware .
Where it diverges , Sprint says it 's a " more robust , full - featured device "
Contrary to popular belief , the handset carriers did not abandon Google and their Nexus One , but as they say , every flapjack has two sides and so does this battle of Google 's phone and handset carriers .
Why it is exactly that Google did not allow the Nexus One to be available to Verizon remains a mystery , but Engadget even hinted at the possibility that it have been Google 's decision all along , but as a little jab , nothing too serious .
Google created an excellent and beautiful phone that all manufactures and Android users alike longed for without a doubt , though its marketing was a sad failure with the high numbers and projections and hype that Google had created .
It seems that Google 's experiment with the new way of buying phone 's is not looking like something that they would attempt again and is still an ongoing nightmare for them and Nexus One owners a like .
Advertisement
One can only wonder as to what exactly the Android Market , not for apps but market for buying Android phones , would look like if the Nexus One has been distributed as most handsets handle such things .
What could have been , is and forever will be a question many of us have , especially with all of the many devices and fragmentation in the Android world .
We probably will never know why Google chose to offer this phone directly , though with T - Mobile and contract at a discounted price , but never the less Nexus
One owners can take pride in owning a phone that has not been marketed to the masses and may even one day be a collector 's edition Android Phone .
Our Chris Y. followed up with Verizon Exec a few days later as this left us both a little baffled and they assured him " it was Google 's decision to pull the Nexus One " .
They could not speak for Google and did not want to because of their business relationship which is very understandable .
Although from the general conversation we had we took away from it that this may have been a pure business related decision .
See when Google entered the Phone business they did not have the typical manufacturer set up like HTC , Motorola and Samsung and Google considered this being a new way of selling phones and was always considered a experimental new method of selling phones .
In order to move these phones in wholesale to the masses they would need to setup a entire division just for phone support and sales and warranty work .
Well if you sell a whole lot of phones that turns into a whole lot of staff and the costs associated with it .
For a normal company like HTC that is okay , because they have many phones and different handsets and platforms and can justify those costs .
Whereas Google with their one phone would have to create a entire division to support this device .
Advertisement
Yes , Google has a lot of finances but at the end of the day they are a business and after the release of the phone I am sure some of head bean counters did a " cost benefit analysis " and was deemed that based on these numbers it may not be a great idea to continue down this path .
This is a just a opinion of what the true motives may be behind Google pulling out from Verizon being a supporting carrier for their Nexus One ( It has some fiscal sense and may be a reason why they pulled away from the other carriers as well ) .
I have a hard time believing that all three carriers decided they do not want to carry one the best Android handsets .
Yes , they had other handsets on the way but with proper marketing and releases dates they could have easily fit The Nexus One into their already impressive line up .
So the prevalent question remains , why did Google pull the Nexus One off of Verizon 's availability ?
Did this happen to Sprint too and their comments about the EVO 4G are only a cover up ?
The Nexus one not debuting on one of the Major Carriers Networks is a huge blow to The Nexus One .
Do you think these Carriers would really want to make such waves with Google ?
The real story here leads to the fact that the Nexus One 's new way of selling phones experiment is over and Google may be getting out of the cellular phone business .
Not sure we will hear anything official from Google as it would be admitting failure and not be good for Android and themselves in general .
This though a sign that they have closed up shop on the idea of changing how people buy cell phones .
Much remains to be seen or known at this point , but it just raises even more question about what we will see at Google 's I / O conference , but hopefully it answers more questions than it raises .
You would n't think it , given recent commentary , but a look at history suggests the government has no reason to panic .
Anyone who takes opinion polls and media coverage of them at face value would think the Coalition is an even chance of winning this year 's federal election .
'' Rudd takes a battering ' ' , '' Rudd in free fall ' ' , '' Election - losing result ' ' : the headlines paint a picture of terminal decline .
Yes , the Coalition has drawn level , and even edged ahead in two recent polls , and Kevin Rudd 's approval rating of 45 per cent is a personal low .
Think that 's bad within six months of an election ?
Time for a historical reality check .
Illustration : Andrew Dyson
The polls for Tony Abbott and the Coalition are the worst in 20 years for any opposition at this point in the election cycle .
Of seven elections in that time , only two changed the government .
Six months before John Howard 's 1996 triumph , The Age headline read : '' Coalition opens up huge lead on ALP . ''
Huge it was : 51 to 35 per cent on the primary vote and 58 - 42 on preferences .
Prime minister Paul Keating 's approval fell to 35 per cent ; disapproval was up to 58 per cent .
With a 52 per cent approval rating , Howard led 49 - 37 as preferred PM .
In 2006 - 07 , Rudd turned the tables on Howard , although few were game to write off the Coalition .
'' PM gains , but Rudd leads '' and '' Inkling of hope for Howard ' ' do not reflect the gap between the parties after the 2007 budget .
Labor , ahead for more than a year , led by an average of 49 - 38 on the primary vote and 58 - 42 on preferences in the major polls .
Rudd was preferred prime minister by a 51 - 43 margin .
Yet a one - point gain for Howard and a two - point lift in the primary vote were seen as offering hope , as was a dip in Rudd 's approval rating to 64 per cent .
It 's behind you !
Trainspotter inches from death after he fails to notice the 2.45 pm Cambridge express hurtling towards him
As this dedicated trainspotter stood alongside a set of tracks with his video camera fixed on the approaching train , he forgot to do one thing - look the other way .
As these astonishing images show , the man came within inches of death as a passenger train hurtled past him .
The enthusiast is seen standing dangerously close to the tracks in order to get a close view of old steam train the Oliver Cromwell at Thurston Station in Suffolk .
Scroll down to see the amazing footage
[ caption ]
A fellow trainspotter , who was filming in the opposite direction , caught the man on camera and yelled to him as he noticed the DMU passenger train rapidly coming up behind him .
But it was too late - and the train rushed past the oblivious man .
Remarkably he remained standing as the train sent a rush of wind through his clothes .
Only once the train had gone by did the man realise just how close he came to death .
With a dazed look on his face , he lowered his camera and stumbled away from the tracks .
[ caption ]
In the mobile world , you have two types of users :
1 – The type that takes things as they come , and is happy about it .
2 – The type that looks at bleeding edge and still wants more .
Disclaimer : rooting your phone will void your warranty , damage your reputation as an upstanding member of society and maybe even insult your family .
In no way , shape or form do we condone any action that goes against the principles of any agreement that you might have signed to not modify your phone ’s software .
Read further at your own risk .
Personally , I ’m an Android owner and proud resident of group # 2 .
As such , when I bought my Droid , it was n’t long before I started looking into ways to modify the UI and the phone ’s software .
A friend of mine sparked my interest in the practice known as rooting .
If you ’re not familiar , rooting your phone is the process of flashing the phone ’s memory to run a ( sometimes ) customized software .
i Phone users call this practice jail breaking , just for clarification .
There are some pretty huge benefits , and that ’s what we ’ll talk about today .
I wo n’t go into details of how to root your phone , as Google can quickly show you all sorts of resources .
Instead , I ’ll just tell you about the benefits and potential risks .
1 – Improved Performance
One of the biggest issues for me , when I got my Droid , was the performance .
It was quick , but not as smooth as I ’d have liked .
Depending on the ROM that you choose , the maker might have included some performance tweaks including overclocking the phone ’s CPU .
Alternately , there are applications available in the Android Market that will allow you to overclock , but your phone must be rooted in order to use them .
Obviously there are some risks here .
If your phone ’s CPU gets clocked too high you can experience damage , or even outright failure , from overheating .
Approach any overclocking with caution .
2 – More Application Choices
The Android platform can do a lot of things .
However , there are still some limitations , imposed either by the manufacturer or perhaps by your carrier .
A rooted phone will bypass those limitations and allows you a wider variety of application choices .
One of the most annoying limitations is the lack of ability to take a screen shot .
But a quick search of the Android Market shows applications ready to do just that …if you ’re running a rooted device .
This is just naming one of numerous examples .
There are firewalls , backups , cache file managers and many more .
3 – Breaking the Fragmentation
A major complaint of many Android device users is OS fragmentation .
Across all users , there are many different versions of the Android OS in use .
Rooting a phone will allow a user to use a ROM that includes the latest features even if their own carrier has n’t pushed that update yet .
There are limitations here .
Some phones are not capable of running the latest editions and you will need to do some investigation to find out what your phone can handle .
At the worst case scenario , as long as you ’ve done a backup prior to attempting to root , all you ’ll have to do is restore if things go boom .
4 – Options
Maybe it seems like we ’ve already covered this , but by that logic , this entire article is about options .
But in this case , I ’m speaking of some very specific ones .
I want the option to run custom ROMs that I feel are a better match for my needs than what the manufacturer or carrier have provided .
I want the option to run my phone at its full speed .
I demand the option to have full access to a device that I purchased .
This is the real strength of rooting .
I keep a couple of ROMs handy at all times : the one that I prefer and a backup of Android 2.1 with no modifications , in case I need it .
I toss them onto the Micro SD card in the phone and I never have to worry if something goes wrong with the software .
Having the option to change things that I own at my own will is a pretty cool piece of mind .
5 – Because you can .
Nope , this is n’t a cop -out # 5 reason and no I did n’t run out of ideas .
This is just a basic fact .
You own an incredibly cool , highly capable device .
Why would n’t you want to see its fully ability ?
Honestly , following popular tutorials online will walk you step by step through what is an already simple process .
Now here ’s another of those “ peace of mind ” things : if you screw it up , all you have to do is load something different .
There ’s very little chance that you ’ll actually break anything to the point that it ca n’t be easily repaired .
So give it a shot , but be forewarned that rooting will void your warranty .
Of course , stock ROMs are available for easy download … you know … just in case .
Image credit
Read next : WSJ Uses Foursquare To Alert Users About Times Square Evacuation
BP Was Aware Of Problems At Deepwater Horizon Months Before Explosion
Doug Mataconis · · 17 comments
There ’s a fairly disturbing report in today ’s New York Times indicating that British Petroleum was aware of safety problems at the Deepwater Horizon oil rig months before the April 20th explosion that destroyed it :
WASHINGTON — Internal documents from BP show that there were serious problems and safety concerns with the Deepwater Horizon rig far earlier than those the company described to Congress last week .
The problems involved the well casing and the blowout preventer , which are considered critical pieces in the chain of events that led to the disaster on the rig .
The documents show that in March , after several weeks of problems on the rig , BP was struggling with a loss of “ well control . ”
And as far back as 11 months ago , it was concerned about the well casing and the blowout preventer .
On June 22 , for example , BP engineers expressed concerns that the metal casing the company wanted to use might collapse under high pressure .
“ This would certainly be a worst - case scenario , ” Mark E. Hafle , a senior drilling engineer at BP , warned in an internal report .
“ However , I have seen it happen so know it can occur . ”
Of course , there ’s a good case to be made that being prepared for the worst case scenario is probably a good idea , especially when you ’re dealing with the possibility of a catastrophic disaster .
The most disturbing revelations , though , involve the blowout preventer , the one piece of equipment that was supposed to stop a disaster like this from happening in the first place :
The documents show that in March , after problems on the rig that included drilling mud falling into the formation , sudden gas releases known as “ kicks ” and a pipe falling into the well , BP officials informed federal regulators that they were struggling with a loss of “ well control . ”
On at least three occasions , BP records indicate , the blowout preventer was leaking fluid , which the manufacturer of the device has said limits its ability to operate properly .
“ The most important thing at a time like this is to stop everything and get the operation under control , ” said Greg McCormack , director of the Petroleum Extension Service at the University of Texas , Austin , offering his assessment about the documents .
He added that he was surprised that regulators and company officials did not commence a review of whether drilling should continue after the well was brought under control .
After informing regulators of their struggles , company officials asked for permission to delay their federally mandated test of the blowout preventer , which is supposed to occur every two weeks , until the problems were resolved , BP documents say .
At first , the minerals agency declined .
“ Sorry , we cannot grant a departure on the B.O.P. test further than when you get the well under control , ” wrote Frank Patton , a minerals agency official .
But BP officials pressed harder , citing “ major concerns ” about doing the test the next day .
And by 10:58 p.m. , David Trocquet , another M.M.S. official , acquiesced .
“ After further consideration , ” Mr. Trocquet wrote , “ an extension is approved to delay the B.O.P. test until the lower cement plug is set . ”
When the blowout preventer was eventually tested again , it was tested at a lower pressure — 6,500 pounds per square inch — than the 10,000 - pounds - per - square - inch tests used on the device before the delay .
It tested at this lower pressure until the explosion .
Some of these revelations were also covered in a 60 Minutes piece two weeks ago ( Part One and Part Two ) when they interviewed Mike Williams , one of the only survivors from the Deepwater Horizon , who revealed that there had been problems with the blowout preventer weeks before the explosion and that BP officials on the rig had chosen to proceed ahead with drilling rather than investigating what could have been a potentially huge safety problem .
Things are not looking very good for BP right now .
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
What ’s going to change in Killzone 3 ?
The answer : a LOT .
Fresh off their European Killzone 3 media event , Guerrilla Games dropped into San Francisco to unveil Killzone 3 to the North American press for the first time last night , 3D TVs en tow .
I grabbed a few moments ( well , 11 minutes , actually ) with Guerrilla Games ‘ Senior Producer Steven Ter Heide to talk jetpacks , fan requests , new Helghast foes , and how Killzone 3 will improve upon Killzone 2 in terms of graphics , controls , combat , and more .
BEIJING —
The authorities have identified a new threat to political stability in the restive region of Tibet : photocopiers .
Fearful that Tibetans might mass - copy incendiary material , public security officials intend to more tightly control printing and photocopying shops , according to reports from the Tibetan capital , Lhasa .
A regulation now in the works will require the operators of printing and photocopying shops to obtain a new permit from the government , the Lhasa Evening News reported this month .
They will also be required to take down identifying information about their clients and the specific documents printed or copied , the newspaper said .
A public security official in Lhasa , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said the regulation “ is being implemented right now , ” but on a preliminary basis .
The official hung up the phone without providing further details .
Tibetan activists said the new controls were part of a broader effort to constrain Tibetan intellectuals after a March 2008 uprising that led to scores of deaths .
Since the riots , more than 30 Tibetan writers , artists and other intellectuals have been detained for song lyrics , essays , telephone conversations and e-mail messages deemed to pose a threat to Chinese rule , according to a report issued this week by the International Campaign for Tibet , a human rights group based in Washington .
What are those darned algorithms up to now ?
( Image : KPA / Zuma / Rex Features )
When the Dow Jones stock market index suffered its largest ever single - day drop last week , fingers were soon pointing at the high - frequency traders and the computer programs they rely on .
Are computers now too powerful to be allowed in financial markets ?
Could computer traders bring down Wall Street ?
It certainly seemed plausible at 2.30 pm in New York on 6 May .
Traders went into a panic as the Dow Jones index , which follows 30 large publicly traded companies plunged an unprecedented 6 per cent in 20 minutes – for no apparent reason .
Advertisement
Such a drop represents billions of dollars being wiped off a company ’s value , although in this case prices quickly bounced back .
The reasons for the plunge remain unclear , but high - frequency traders – who use powerful computer algorithms – are in the frame .
The traders use computers to profit from short - lived fluctuations in markets .
An algorithm might , for example , watch for large transactions from institutional investors that could affect a stock ’s price and make trades before the rest of the market has time to react .
That and similar strategies have created a market for high - frequency traders in which transactions amounted to around $ 8 billion last year .
These near - instantaneous trades make some economists nervous .
They fear that the algorithms could interact to create a feedback loop of continuous selling , driving market prices off a cliff .
Although the cause of last week ’s volatility is still unclear , it seems that algorithmic trading played a role .
But computer trading has been around for years .
Why the growing concern ?
Algorithmic trading is well established , but the speed at which trades are executed – usually milliseconds – is shrinking fast : by a factor of 10 since 2007 , says Kevin McPartland at Tabb Group , a firm based in Westborough , Massachusetts , that studies financial markets .
These lightning - fast speeds are due to investment in dedicated optical - fibre networks and faster routing devices .
Speed is so critical that high - frequency traders must have their computers physically as close to markets as possible .
It takes over 0.01 seconds for a signal to travel to Chicago to New York and back via optical fibre , a delay that Chicago - based high - frequency traders cannot afford .
“ Everybody has relocated , ” says Bernard Donefer , a finance professor at Baruch College in New York .
“ Not doing it means you ’re behind the curve .
Nobody will do business with you . ”
Should high - frequency traders be banned ?
In any market , buyers need to find sellers and vice versa .
And if traders can’t find a partner , funds stay locked up in existing investments when they could be used elsewhere instead .
That ’s why all markets want more of what economists call “ liquidity ” – the more liquidity there is , the easier it is for traders to do business .
High - frequency traders are valued by the companies who run markets because they buy and sell large volumes every day , which adds liquidity to the system .
The number of trades on the New York Stock Exchange rose from 3 million per day in 2005 to 22 million by 2009 , largely thanks to the rise of high - frequency trading .
Meanwhile , transaction times have been dropping : the average execution time for one class of small trade on the New York stock exchange fell from 10 seconds to 0.7 seconds between 2005 and 2009 .
What can be done to improve market stability ?
“ The big problem , ” says James Angel , who studies financial markets at Georgetown University in Washington DC , “ is that US exchanges have no real - time safeguard against extreme malfunction . ”
If a mistake in an algorithm – or even deliberate sabotage – were to set off a wave of selling , the people tasked with suspending markets in the event of dangerous trading would not be able to react quick enough .
“ We could see a major crash within milliseconds , ” says Angel .
“ Is this a high - probability scenario ?
No .
But can it happen ?
Yes . ”
He proposes that the US Securities and Exchange Commission require that all markets incorporate a “ circuit - breaker ” which would suspend trading on signs of an algorithm - driven crash .
High - frequency trading should be allowed to continue in the meantime , say most financial researchers .
But much about the practice remains to be understood .
Donefer backs a proposed SEC rule that would require firms to identify the type of strategy – the market condition the algorithm is designed to exploit – behind each trade .
The information would be seen only by the commission , which would use it to study the positive and negative effects of different trading strategies .
Armed with that information , regulators might be able to do a more thorough post - mortem next time the Dow takes a plunge .
PALM SPRINGS , Calif . -
A game with anti-Semitic elements played by dozens of high school students was offensive but is n't illegal , officials say .
The game , called " Beat the Jew , " has caused " extreme disappointment , " but the 40 students involved can't be punished because it happened off school property , La Quinta High Principal Donna Salazar said Wednesday .
Some people said something more should be done to teach tolerance .
" We only have three weeks until there 's not much you can do about it , " said the 18 - year - old La Quinta High student who alerted officials to the game and Facebook page promoting it .
She has asked to remain anonymous and is staying home from school out of fear of retribution .
" Some of these kids that have joined the group , they 're like the cream of the crop of my class , " she said .
" They 're going to be the leaders of our future and they feel this way ? "
The chase game involved a runner - called a " Jew " - and groups of people chasing in cars - " Nazis . "
" The objective for the Jew is to run down Hwy .
111 to a specified checkpoint before the Nazis can catch up to him , tackle him down and capture him , " according to a Facebook page that was taken down Friday .
" I 'm profoundly disappointed and very surprised that our students do n't think or did n't realize that this was offensive and insensitive and not acceptable , " Salazar said .
School administrators learned of the game from the student and her parent .
School officials said they spoke with the students and asked them to take down the page , but no crime was committed and they cannot punish students for actions that happened outside of school .
" They claimed that this was just a game and it really has nothing to do with targeting Jewish people , " Salazar said .
" I 'm surprised that they do n't see that when you start using these labels that it's offensive . "
Although the game is insensitive , La Quinta police Lt. Jason
Huskey said that if all players are willing participants , the game likely is n't criminal .
" ( It 's ) their freedom of speech ; there 's not much we can do except be disappointed , " Desert Sands Unified School District Superintendent Sharon McGehee said , adding that many of the students apologized .
" There was no threat ( made ) ; there was no crime .
They just played a game that had an ugly , insensitive , stupid name , so there is no crime . "
It was unclear if students from other schools also played .
Rabbi Avi Levine of Temple Sinai said the school should take students to the Tolerance Education Center in Palm Desert or a Holocaust museum in Los Angeles .
" Just because it 's not on ( school ) property , they are your students , and if they 're acting in a way that 's contrary to tolerance , they should be educated , " Levine said .
" It 's not going to stop just because a kid says , Oh , I 'm sorry . ' "
La Quinta
High students are well educated on the Holocaust and its impact , Salazar said .
Next year , the school may add more counseling on tolerance and respect , she said .
" I think you can't do too much , " Salazar said .
Much of the game was communicated through social networking pages such as Facebook and MySpace - another reason parents need to keep a close eye on what their children are doing online , La Quinta High parent Darlene Nelson said Wednesday .
" I think it 's a wake - up call to parents to stay in tune with what their kids are doing , " she said .
Some students expressed disappointment and anger in those who played or joked about the game .
" I 'm ashamed by the kids that did that , " sophomore Josh Orr said .
" It 's not right at all , " junior Makel Cunningham said , adding that it has tarnished the school 's reputation .
" Now we 're going to be known for Beat the Jew . ' "
The student who blew the whistle says she has received more negative reaction than positive to her decision .
She still plans to attend graduation next month and hopes someone will speak on tolerance during the ceremony .
" None of this is funny whatsoever .
...
It 's just disgusting , " she said .
" Where are people 's humanity ? "
But the most esoteric derivatives — which also are the most profitable for banks to create and trade — have little economic purpose other than to let investors place financial bets , critics say .
A more complex type of derivative helped to inflate the housing bubble in recent years , as Wall Street repackaged high - risk mortgages into securities that speculators could use to bet on the direction of the housing market .
Financial institutions earned millions of dollars in fees for creating the securities .
But many of the derivatives became worthless when foreclosures skyrocketed , leading to billions of dollars of losses — and taxpayer bailouts — at the banks and insurance companies that owned them .
Image Timothy Geithner , center , Treasury secretary , with Senators Blanche Lincoln and Saxby Chambliss of the Agriculture Committee .
Credit ... Jim Watson / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Now , these obscure and largely unregulated securities — more than $ 600 trillion of which are tucked into investors ’ portfolios , according to the Treasury Department — are at the center of the fight over financial reform led by the Obama administration .
“ The best that we can do for the American people is to put in place rules that will prevent firms from taking this risk again , make sure we protect the taxpayer , bring derivatives out of the dark — that ’s what we can do , ” said Timothy F. Geithner , the Treasury secretary .
The lobbying is not just coming from Wall Street .
Manufacturers , airlines and other industries , which use derivatives to control their business and foreign currency costs , worry that an important means of protecting their assets could be curtailed by Mrs. Lincoln ’s bill .
“ I think a lot of members of Congress are just getting up to speed on how these markets work , ” said Paul Cicio , who is president of the Industrial Energy Consumers of America , which represents an array of industries like fertilizers and chemicals .
He said he worried that the lobbying prowess and financial resources of Wall Street firms , even when operating in the unusual environs of the agriculture committee , had the potential to outmuscle their opponents , which want greater regulation .
Sustainable sewage ( Image : Jonathan Hordle / Rex Features )
You might think a constant supply of fresh air would be essential for a sewage treatment plant , but some bacteria cannot stand the stuff .
These bugs could be the key to cleaning waste water so efficiently that the process could generate power rather than consume it .
In conventional sewage plants , micro-organisms digest solid waste in “ activated sludge ” .
They convert the organic matter into methane but leave liquid waste containing ammonium and phosphates , which must be removed before the water can be poured into rivers .
Existing treatment plants use a lot of energy to get rid of the ammonium .
The process uses bacteria that convert ammonium into nitrate , and the bugs that do this need oxygen , which must be constantly supplied to the treatment tanks by electric pumps .
The nitrate is then converted into nitrogen gas by still more bugs , known as denitrifying bacteria .
These require methanol , which must also be added to the mix .
Advertisement
This process consumes an average of 44 watt - hours per day for each person who adds waste to the sewage system .
This can add up to megawatts in a big city .
Cut out the middle bug
But now Gijs Kuenen at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands and colleagues are developing a technique that cuts out the energy - consuming processes .
The key is a recently discovered type of bacteria that can munch ammonia without oxygen .
So - called anammox bacteria short - cut the nitrogen cycle by converting ammonium directly into nitrogen gas .
When the activated sludge and anammox processes are combined , one by - product is methane , which Kuenen proposes to harvest and use as fuel .
The team calculates that , far from consuming energy , the process could generate 24 watt - hours per person per day .
“ This is about trying to make waste water treatment plants completely sustainable , in the sense that they could even produce energy , which is not the case in present treatment facilities , ” says Kuenen .
This month the team will begin building a pilot plant to demonstrate the technology at the Dokhaven waste water treatment plant in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , working with from Radboud University Nijmegen and water purification firm Paques , based in the Dutch town of Balk .
Michael Wagner , a microbiologist at the University of Vienna in Austria , points out that anammox bacteria were discovered only 20 years ago and hold great promise for a new generation of sustainable waste water treatment plants .
“ The anammox story shows how fundamental discoveries by microbiologists can revolutionise waste water treatment , ” he says .
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1185941
President Barack Obama 's plan to allow expanded offshore oil and gas exploration won rebuke from the top House Republican on Wednesday .
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) dismissed the president 's plan as not going far enough in opening up U.S. waters for exploration .
Obama 's decision " continues to defy the will of the American people , " Boehner said in a statement , pointing to the president 's decision to open Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico waters , while leaving Pacific and many Alaskan waters largely closed to exploration .
" It 's long past time for this Administration to stop delaying American energy production off all our shores and start listening to the American people who want an “ all of the above ” strategy to produce more American energy and create more jobs , " the House GOP leader added .
" Republicans are listening to the American people and have proposed a better solution – the American Energy Act – which will lower gas prices , increase American energy production , promote new clean and renewable sources of energy , and encourage greater efficiency and conservation . "
Obama 's allowance of increased exploration is seen as a concession to centrists in his own party and some Republicans in Congress , especially as a tripartisan group of senators work on cobbling together a comprehensive energy and climate bill .
For his part , Boehner tied today 's administration decision to potential climate rules under consideration by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) as well .
" At the same time the White House makes today ’s announcement , the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) is plotting a new massive job - killer that the American people can’t afford : a cascade of new EPA regulations that will punish every American who dares to flip on a light switch , drive a car , or buy an American product .
Americans simply do n’t want this backdoor national energy tax that will drive up energy and manufacturing costs and destroy jobs in our states and local communities , " the Ohio Republican said .
Cross-posted from the Briefing Room
A network of individuals , independent and alternative media activists and organisations , offering grassroots , non-corporate , non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues .
Tate Modern 10th Birthday Sees Action Against Slick BP Sponsorship
Tate Modern was forced to close down parts of its No Soul For Sale tenth anniversary exhibition on Saturday ( 15 May ) whilst it struggled to remove dozens of dead fish and oil - soaked birds hanging from huge black balloons let loose in the Turbine Hall .
DEAD FISH AND OIL - DRENCHED BIRDS HANG FROM TURBINE HALLTate Modern was forced to close down parts of its No Soul For Sale tenth anniversary exhibition on Saturday ( 15 May ) whilst it struggled to remove dozens of dead fish and oil - soaked birds hanging from huge black balloons let loose in the Turbine Hall .
Josephine Buoys , who took part in the art action , said : “ We took this action whilst Tate sponsor BP is creating the largest oil painting in the world .
Across the Gulf of Mexico ecosystems and livelihoods are being devastated by their oil spill .
Every day
Tate scrubs clean BP ’s public image with the detergent of cool progressive art .
Yet there is nothing cool about a corporation that cares more about its profits than life or the future of our fragile world . ”
By late afternoon
Tate staff had burst some the oil bubble - like black balloons by climbing onto a high gantry , but many remained out of reach and the rotting fish and sea birds hovered above the evening 's celebrations headlined by Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth .
Rumours circulated that Tate would commission a marksman to shoot the remaining balloons down from the top of the former power station .
LIBERATE TATE said : " Every time we step inside the museum Tate makes us complicit with acts that are harming people and creating environmental destruction and climate change , acts that will one day seem as archaic as the slave trade .
We call on Tate to become a responsible , ethical and truly sustainable organisation for the 21st century and drop its sponsorship by oil companies .
As a public institution the Tate ’s Trustees , chaired as they are by an ex-CEO of BP , must abandon its association with BP .
All visitors to the Tate must be able to enjoy great art with a clear conscience about the impact of the museum on society and the environment . ”
LIBERATE TATE distributed a communiqué ( online here
LIBERATE TATE have issued an open invitation for artists , activists , art lovers and other concerned members of the public to act to ensure that Tate ends its oil sponsorship by the end of 2011 ahead of Tate Modern 's expansion into its cleaned out underground oil tanks .
LIBERATE TATE contact details :
web : www.twitter.com/liberatetate email : liberatetate@gmail.com
See also www.artnotoil.org.uk
(* - the fish were bought sardines , and the birds were made by members of Liberate Tate )
Art activists from LIBERATE TATE , a growing network dedicated to ensuring the museum drop its sponsorship deal with BP , entered Tate Modern 's Turbine Hall and released dozens of helium - filled black balloons with dead animals ( * ) attached .
Crowds of tourists and art lovers gathered to watch the balloons rise up in the air until they filled the ceiling of the Turbine Hall .
Josephine Buoys , who took part in the art action , said : “ We took this action whilst Tate sponsor BP is creating the largest oil painting in the world .
Across the Gulf of Mexico ecosystems and livelihoods are being devastated by their oil spill .
Every day
Tate scrubs clean BP ’s public image with the detergent of cool progressive art .
Yet there is nothing cool about a corporation that cares more about its profits than life or the future of our fragile world .
” By late afternoon Tate staff had burst some the oil bubble - like black balloons by climbing onto a high gantry , but many remained out of reach and the rotting fish and sea birds hovered above the evening 's celebrations headlined by Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth .
Rumours circulated that Tate would commission a marksman to shoot the remaining balloons down from the top of the former power station .
LIBERATE TATE said : " Every time we step inside the museum Tate makes us complicit with acts that are harming people and creating environmental destruction and climate change , acts that will one day seem as archaic as the slave trade .
We call on Tate to become a responsible , ethical and truly sustainable organisation for the 21st century and drop its sponsorship by oil companies .
As a public institution the Tate ’s Trustees , chaired as they are by an ex-CEO of BP , must abandon its association with BP .
All visitors to the Tate must be able to enjoy great art with a clear conscience about the impact of the museum on society and the environment .
” LIBERATE TATE distributed a communiqué ( online here http://bit.ly/9RFfxJ ) throughout the Tate Modern 10th anniversary promising further actions to ' free art from oil ' by artists and activists across Britain until Tate ends its association with BP.
LIBERATE TATE have issued an open invitation for artists , activists , art lovers and other concerned members of the public to act to ensure that Tate ends its oil sponsorship by the end of 2011 ahead of Tate Modern 's expansion into its cleaned out underground oil tanks .
LIBERATE TATE contact details : web : www.twitter.com/liberatetate email : See also www.artnotoil.org.uk(* - the fish were bought sardines , and the birds were made by members of Liberate Tate ) Josephine Buoys
e-mail : liberatetate@gmail.com
Homepage : http://www.twitter.com/liberatetate
What we were doing was for the good of the Federation , and we can't blame ourselves if the others could n't see that . "
Erik Pressman was a male Human Starfleet officer of the 24th century .
By 2370 , he became a rear admiral in Starfleet Intelligence .
Contents show ]
The Pegasus
In 2358 , as captain of the USS Pegasus , Pressman was placed in charge of testing an experimental phasing cloaking device , which had been developed by a secret group at Starfleet Security in direct violation of the Treaty of Algeron , which banned the use of cloaking technology aboard Federation starships .
In response to this illegal activity , the crew of the Pegasus mutinied against Pressman and attempted to gain control of the ship .
Pressman and a small group of officers , including a young Ensign William T. Riker , were able to escape the ship by fighting their way to the escape pods .
From there , they observed what appeared to be the destruction of the ship .
When Pressman and the surviving crew returned , they faced a board of inquiry with the Judge Advocate General about the mutiny and the loss of the ship .
He ordered the rest of the crew not to divulge the nature of the experiment .
The report from the inquiry was classified and Pressman did not face charges .
Pressman eventually obtained a position within Starfleet Intelligence .
By 2370 , he became a rear admiral .
Attempt to retrieve the Pegasus
In 2370 , when Intelligence operatives within the Romulan High Command learned that the Romulans had become aware of the Pegasus ' experiment , Pressman was chosen to head up the mission to retrieve the ship .
He boarded the USS Enterprise - D , determined to find it before the Romulans .
Reuniting with Riker , who by this point was first officer of the Enterprise - D , Pressman attempted to use his relationship with Riker for the mission , ordering him to take part without telling Picard and the Enterprise crew .
Feeling unable to continue his role in the conspiracy , Riker revealed the true nature of Pressman 's mission to Captain Picard , who promptly ordered Pressman placed under arrest .
Although he and his cohorts were facing a court martial for their role in the illegal activities , Pressman warned Picard that he had " a lot of friends " at Starfleet Command , to which Picard indifferently replied " You 're going to need them . "
( ENT : " These Are the Voyages ... " ; TNG : " The Pegasus " )
Appendices
Background information
Pressman was portrayed by veteran actor Terry O'Quinn .
Ronald D. Moore rejected the idea that Pressman might be vindicated and reinstated due to the changes in policy allowing the USS Defiant to use a cloaking device .
( AOL chat , 1997 )
Apocrypha
In the short story " Orphans " , which was published in the anthology book Strange New Worlds 9 , it was revealed that Pressman was recruited by Section 31 after his court martial .
In 2374 , he and Doctor Julian Bashir were sent to the planet Angosia III to recruit super - soldiers such as Roga Danar for a mission to Gateway to prevent the Dominion from seizing the Guardian of Forever .
Pressman used a salvaged Romulan vessel with a working cloaking device as his transport .
External link
I was deeply suspicious of personal injury law and personal - injury lawyers when my husband wanted to pursue a case regarding the failure to diagnose his cancer .
Luckily , we ended up in the hands of Smiley & Smiley .
They zealously pursued our case , guiding us through the process in a way that that minimized the burden and stress of a legal action when we were already shouldering difficult medical and emotional issues , and leading to an outcome more successful that I had hoped .
Andrew , Jason , and the rest of the team treated us with exceptional sensitivity and compassion , and even after the case was resolved they went to beyond their obligations to help address related , lingering legal and financial matters .
I am deeply appreciative of their advocacy and their friendship , and would strongly recommend them to anyone in the unfortunate situation of needing this type of legal help .
D.F .
Google Review
Photos at left and center show the paper supercapacitor printed on Xerox paper .
The right photo shows the paper supercapacitor printed on newspaper .
Image credit : Liangbing Hu , et al. © 2010 AIP .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
All those paper transistors and paper displays that scientists have been designing can now be powered by an onboard power source , thanks to the development of a new paper supercapacitor .
Designed by researchers at Stanford University , the paper supercapacitor is made by simply printing carbon nanotubes onto a treated piece of paper .
The researchers hope that the integrated design could lead to the development of low - cost , disposable paper electronics .
In the paper supercapacitor , all the necessary components are integrated onto a single sheet of paper in the form of single walled carbon nanotubes ( SWNTs ) .
High - speed printing could be used to print the SWNTs directly onto a piece of paper - anything from Xerox paper to newspaper and even grocery ads will work .
At first , the researchers found that the SWNTs were so small that they penetrated the paper through micron - sized pores , which would cause the device to short - circuit .
To solve this problem , the researchers first coated both sides of the paper with polyvinylidene fluoride ( PVDF ) , which blocked the pores but still allowed for electrolytes to be transported through the paper .
As such , the treated paper could function as an electrolyte membrane and separator without short - circuiting .
“ The key design is that SWNTs stick well on paper and do not penetrate through paper completely to avoid shorting , ” Yi Cui of Stanford University told PhysOrg.com .
Once the SWNTs were printed onto the treated paper , they experienced strong bonding forces similar to those experienced when writing with a pen or pencil on paper .
Even when rubbed or subjected to tape , the SWNTs remained attached to the paper .
After printing SWNTs on both sides of single sheets of paper , electrolyte was loaded to form a supercapacitor .
The SWNTs served as both the electrodes and current collectors in the supercapacitor , which had a capacitance of about 3 F/g .
The device also showed an excellent cycling stability , with very little loss of capacitance after 2500 cycles .
The researchers say the same concept could be extended to make batteries , as well .
The fully integrated supercapacitor is based on an earlier version that the researchers made , in which nanomaterials were coated separately onto different anode and cathode substrates and then assembled together with a separator .
The advantage of the new integrated structure is that it allows for high - speed printing , which greatly reduces fabrication costs and brings disposable , flexible , and lightweight paper electronics closer to reality .
Cui said that , in the future , the researchers plan “ to use this new design for real applications . ”
More information : Liangbing Hu , Hui Wu , and Yi Cui .
“ Printed energy storage devices by integration of electrodes and separators into single sheets of paper . ”
Applied Physics Letters 96 , 183502 ( 2010 ) .
Liangbing Hu , Hui Wu , and Yi Cui .
“ Printed energy storage devices by integration of electrodes and separators into single sheets of paper . ”
Applied Physics Letters 96 , 183502 ( 2010 ) .
Doi:10.1063/1.3425767
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Las compa��as pagar�n derechos por la expedici�n de licencias , permisos o autorizaciones para construir y colocar en la v�a p�blica o en propiedad privada su infraestructura de cableado , postes o antenas
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 14 de abril de 2010
Carlos Avil�s | El Universal
15:48
Top 10 Healthy Teeth for Kids Tricks
Getting children into cleaning their teeth is definitely easier said than done .
As any parent knows , we are attacked with advice as to the things that we must do when it comes to our kids ’ oral hygiene ; but sadly , the tooth fairy is nowhere to be found just when you need her to tell you precisely how to accomplish it !
Anaheim , CA - May 15 , 2015 - Getting children into cleaning their teeth is definitely easier said than done .
As any parent knows , we are attacked with advice as to the things that we must do when it comes to our kids ’ oral hygiene ; but sadly , the tooth fairy is nowhere to be found just when you need her to tell you precisely how to acaccomplish it !
Attempting to reason out with your childd that they should have their teeth get cleaned to avoid cavity , erosion and plaque apparently is not going to get you anywhere .
Thus , to win the discussion with your cute , little kid , you need to follow the kid-friendly tricks in getting clean and healthy teeth .
1. Kids do love to imitate grownups .
So , if ever you are cleaning your teeth the likelihood is they will want to copy it .
It gives you the idea to aalways clean your teeth at the same time as your kids .
2. Positive reinforcement and negotiation can be a strong tool when bringing up children .
For example , telling your kid that is he cleans his teeth well for three - four minutes after eating , night and morning , he will be given with something he will surely such as reading his favorite story and a trip to arcade .
3 . When it comes to choosing toothbrush , prefer to buy bright - colored ones .
Children are attracted to brighter colors and will be having interest in cleaning their teeth when their toothbrush is attractive to their eyes .
4 . Purchase a toothpaste especially intended for young children because apparently , it tastes naturally sweet and will definitely have your child a pleasant teeth cleaning experience .
Moreover , kids usually swallow toothpaste so pick up a toothpaste that is fluoride - free .
5. Minimize Sugar Intake .
As a kid who does only have milk teeth , which only means they are not that strong yet as compared to adults of the family , advise them to avoid too much munching sugary foods .
Sugar plus bacteria equals oral plaque .
Plaque then leads to bleeding gums , cavities and tooth decay .
And , the acid in carbonated beverages and refined sugar dissolves tooth enamel .
6. Encourage them to eat teeth - cleaning foods .
Foods that are crisp or clean help to clean the teeth as they ’re eaten .
One of the examples of teeth - cleaning food is apple ; some other selections include celery , raw carrots , as well as unsweetened popcorn .
For more ideal results , make “ detergent ” food the final food your child munches in your dinner plate if you know he cannot brush his teeth right after eating .
7. Avoid tooth breaks .
Do not bite , instead , suck hard foodstuff such as ice and candies .
Biting hard food makes little cracks in the enamel of your kid's teeth that , through the years , consolidate to result in more complicated cracks .
8. Change your kids ’ brush .
Discard your child ’s toothbrush or replace the head of your kid ’s electric toothbrush ( if you permit them using ) , no less than each two to three months .
Else , you 're simply exchanging bad bacteria to your mouth .
9 . You brush your kid ’s teeth , then let them do it after .
Parent should brush first , then your kid brushes the second .
Aside of it being a bonding moment , you teach your child the value of independence .
And it ’s super nice to raise independent children .
Is n’t it ?
10 . Have your kids ’ teeth checked by your dentist for .
You should also visit your dentist if your child has a dental problem he or she ’s been dealing with such as a bleeding gums and toothache .
This is where your trusted dental company comes along , the 7 Day Dental .
All four offices of 7 Day Dental have dentists with different specializations to provide complete oral health care ; patients never had to look for a specialist elsewhere .
Every call made to the office is answered by a knowledgeable staff member and emergency appointments can be made on the same day .
As 7 Day Dental remains open even on weekends , it has become well known in the area as a “ weekend dental office ” , or “ emergency dentists for Orange County ” .
For more information about 7 Day Dental , visit their site , http://www.7daydental.com
Contact info :
7 Day Dental
[ email protected ]
Main office :
2265 W. Lincoln Avenue
Anaheim , CA 92801
http://www.7daydental.com
Image caption
The previous summit took place in Stockholm last November
European Union leaders , overloaded with debt problems in the eurozone economy , are heading to Russia , which , it seems , learnt some lessons from its own recent economic woes .
The EU - Russia summit in Rostov - on - Don in southern Russia at the beginning of next week is expected to focus on strengthening mutual economic and business ties .
Moscow , once reluctant to invite foreign investment , now appears to be more open to closer co-operation with the EU , as its energy - dominated economy is in need of modernisation .
Russian officials ' attitudes were changed by the latest global crisis , says Torbjorn Becker , director of the Stockholm Institute of Transition Economics at the Stockholm School of Economics .
Russia 's economy shrank by almost 8 % in 2009 , and while it is forecast to grow by 4 % this year , the country faces budget deficits for years to come and has to learn to live without the cushion of oil revenues , which has helped it finance the deficit .
Furthermore , Russia 's economic well - being continues to depend heavily on oil prices , which have been falling in recent weeks .
" We have been strengthening our strategic partnership with the European Union and promoting an alliance for modernisation between Russia and the EU , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov wrote in an article for Revue Defense Nationale magazine .
European know - how
The EU is by far Russia 's biggest economic partner , with business between the two accounting for more than half of Russia 's total volume of foreign trade .
Trade between the two had been growing steadily until the second half of 2008 , when it was hit by the global crisis .
As Europe is thinking about diversifying energy supplies , it is only natural that Russia is thinking about diversifying energy demand Torbjorn Becker , Director , Stockholm Institute of Transition Economics
In the first three months of 2010 , the level of trade reached $ 69bn ( £ 48 bn ) , up by more than 50 % from the same period in 2009 , as the economies recover from the economic crisis .
Russia supplies about a quarter of the EU 's gas needs , with oil and metals being the other main exports .
In turn , Russia imports mainly machinery and transport equipment from European countries .
The two sides have been negotiating a new agreement , The Partnership for Modernisation , aimed at increasing foreign investment , boosting trade and integrating markets .
Russia insists that it is seeking mutual benefits , rather than just gaining access to EU technological know - how that can be used by Russian firms in sectors which must be modernised .
Moscow believes that Europe could , for example , use Russia 's knowledge and expertise in space exploration and pharmaceutical projects .
Access to markets
The partnership between Avtovaz , Russia 's huge - and troubled - maker of Lada cars , and France 's Renault is one of the examples of using European technology to help the Russian economy .
RUSSIA BUSINESS REPORT Russia Business Report is a new television programme for BBC World News .
Every month we take a look at the latest trends in the Russian economy and business world .
Watch the next programme on Saturday , 29 May at 0430 GMT and 1730 GMT and on Sunday , 30 May at 1030 GMT and 2330 GMT .
Russia Business Report
One of Renault 's budget models is expected to become the platform to make Lada cars more attractive in comparison with foreign cars assembled at many plants in Russia .
Ksenia Yudaeva , director of the Center for Macroeconomic Research at Sberbank , thinks it would be an over - simplification to say that the only thing Europe needs from Russia is oil and gas , while Russia is interested purely in obtaining know - how .
" European companies open their research centres in Russia , in the fields where they need Russia 's engineering knowledge , " she says .
Ms Yudaeva also believes that there is a problem in terms of co-operating with the EU in new sectors : " There is low demand in Europe for new products made by unknown firms . "
Another problem in the economic relations between Russia and the EU is the existence of trade barriers in many sectors , such as restrictive tariffs on each other 's exports .
The situation should change when Russia finally becomes a member of the World Trade Organization .
Moscow has been locked in accession talks for years and hopes to obtain the membership by the end of the year , although it could take longer as Russia , Kazakhstan and Belarus have been trying to create a customs union .
Mr Becker says that becoming a WTO member would make it easier for Russia to gain access to the know - how it needs .
Diversity
So far , the current debt crisis in the eurozone has not affected Russia directly .
In the next few years , we need to create a competitive export potential and take positions in growing markets Elvira Nabiullina , Russian Economic Development Minister
However , if the euro economy slows down , it will create economic problems everywhere else .
" It will affect Russia indirectly .
Oil prices have already been going down , " said Ms Yudaeva .
If demand slows in Europe , it will be an issue for Russia .
Economic Development Minister Elvira Nabiullina has voiced her concerns , saying that , because Russian exports are directed towards the EU market , Russia risks missing out on being present in " the new centres of growth " .
" In the next few years , we need to create a competitive export potential and take positions in growing markets .
This concerns both traditional energy exports as well as innovation products , " the minister said .
However , even if Russia does seek out new markets , the EU is still expected to remain a key market .
Mr Becker says that " as Europe is thinking about diversifying energy supplies , it is only natural that Russia is thinking about diversifying energy demand " .
From January to the end of March , Russia 's trade with China amounted to 9 % of the overall volume of the Russian foreign trade , less than the Netherlands ' share of 10 % and a bit more than Germany 's 8.3 % .
Mr Becker also points out that Russia could even benefit from the crisis in the eurozone , by getting opportunities to buy new assets there .
" Russia , being really pragmatic , can capitalise on troubles in Europe , " he says .
For more about business in Rostov - on - Don and the Russian economy , watch Russia Business Report on BBC World News this weekend : on Saturday , 29 May at 0430 GMT and 1730 GMT and on Sunday , 30 May at 1030 GMT and 2330 GMT .
A soldier who drove at 143 mph ( 230 km / h ) on the M40 in Warwickshire has been allowed to keep his licence so that he can save lives in Afghanistan .
Kameron Edmondson , 20 , of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers , from Blackburn , Lancashire , had pleaded guilty to speeding in July .
He had thought he was being chased , Warwick Crown Court heard .
The judge said it set a bad example but without his licence the soldier could not help to clear roadside bombs .
' Appalling behaviour '
Earlier the prosecution dropped a dangerous driving charge against Mr Edmondson , who it acknowledged had previously had a clean licence and had been driving more slowly before he sped past an unmarked police car .
Judge Marten Coates told him :
" You richly deserve to be disqualified because of this appalling behaviour on the motorway , which is what I was going to do . "
He said imposing a driving ban would prevent Mr Edmondson from being able to train for his military role in Afghanistan .
" It is a matter of balancing two different public interests , and the saving of lives must be the more important .
" I must allow you to remain in the role you do , which is essential for our armed forces . "
Judge Coates said at Friday 's hearing that Mr Edmondson would not be on the roads for long before going on his next tour of duty .
The soldier was given six points on his licence , fined £ 300 and ordered to pay £ 80 costs with a £ 15 surcharge .
The two - second dilemmas that can change your life
Shower or bath ?
Green olive or black ?
Wine or G&T ?
They might seem trivial , but these small decisions make a huge difference .
They might seem trivial but these small decisions make a huge difference
SHOWER OR BATH ?
Answer : Shower
It ’s a healthier way to clean your body than soaking in the water you wash in .
But baths are brilliantly relaxing .
Use the shower head to rinse off afterwards .
WEIGHT OR WAIST SIZE ?
Answer : Waist size
The circumference of your waist is a better predictor of heart disease risk than your body mass index ( BMI ) .
The reason is that it ’s belly fat that poses the
most danger to your heart and arteries .
Research shows that for women , health risk begins to rise with a waist circumference
above 32in — over 35in is a serious threat .
Wrap a tape measure around your skin at mid-abdomen , at or near the belly button .
Keep it snug , but not tight — and do n’t suck in your tummy .
MANUAL OR ELECTRIC TOOTHBRUSH ?
Answer : Electric
A Review of studies from the past four decades found electric toothbrushes were
more effective than manual alternatives in reducing plaque and gingivitis .
FRUIT JUICE OR FRUIT ?
Answer : Fruit
Get the real thing .
Fruit juices are loaded with sugar and have been stripped of fibre .
Most fresh fruits are more than 80 per cent water making them more filling and with fewer calories than dried fruit
BACON OR SAUSAGE ?
Answer : Bacon
A sIice of bacon , cooked thoroughly , has fewer calories than a sausage .
EMAIL OR WALK ALONG THE CORRIDOR ?
Answer : Walk
You ’ll get blood circulating better , burn calories and , most likely , have a more productive , personal conversation than you would have had via the computer .
FRESH FRUIT OR DRIED ?
Answer : Fresh
The higher water content ( most fresh fruits are more than 80 per cent water )
means a larger volume , making the fruit more filling and satisfying , with fewer
calories .
But for convenience and shelf life , use dried fruit as your back - up plan .
CASH OR CREDIT ?
Answer : Cash
You ’ll almost certainly spend less on your groceries if you pay with cash .
In one study , researchers asked several hundred families to do all of their grocery
shopping with cash for three months , then , for the next three months , to use only a credit card .
When the families used cards , they spent between 20 and 30 per cent more on their
shopping .
TEA OR COFFEE ?
Answer : Tea
Choose black or green tea .
these are jammed with heart - healthy antioxidants that provide more than an energy - boosting punch .
they contribute to healthy arteries and may help prevent cancer .
LUNCH OR GRAZE ?
Answer : Graze
Nibble food throughout the day , rather than having a large , formal lunch .
spreading
out your calories stabilises blood sugar and insulin levels , provides more frequent
relief from stress , tension and boredom and avoids post - meal fatigue because you
do n’t have a big meal .
Best reason : all - day grazing frees up lunchtime for other things , such as a walk .
Green olives have n't ripened fully , so they contain roughly half the fat levels of black olives
GREEN OR BLACK OLIVES ?
Answer : Green olives
Green olives have n’t ripened fully , so they contain roughly half the fat levels you that they would have achieved had they ripened and blackened .
SPARKLING WATER OR SODA WATER ?
Answer : Sparkling Water
There 's a reason soda and sodium sound similar .
Soda water is called that because it is based on the use of sodium bicarbonate to ' carbonate ' it .
So it should come as no surprise that soda water is salt - rich .
With only 3 mg of sodium , sparkling water beats soda water 's 75 mg hands down .
WALK OR RUN ?
Answer : Walk
Although runners may scoff at walking , saying it does n't burn enough calories to result in real weight loss , research has shown that a regular walking programme , mile for mile , has just as beneficial an effect on your waistline .
HARD OR SOFT MASSAGE ?
Answer : Hard
The point of massage is n't to stimulate the skin ; it's to relieve the muscles lying below .
While you 're not advised to massage to the point of pain , you need to use effort to work the muscles thoroughly .
CUP OF COFFEE OR 20 - MINUTE NAP ?
Answer : Nap
This is according to a French review of research on techniques that helped night - shift workers to remain alert .
set an alarm to wake you in 20 minutes .
A longer nap could interfere with your sleep later that night .
SWIMMING OR WALKING ?
Answer : Walking
While swimming is great exercise for your lungs and heart , it does n't do anything for your bones because there 's little resistance in water .
HOLD IN ANGER OR EXPRESS IT ?
Answer : Express it
If you 're angry , get it under control and then express it .
With free weights , you can work both sides of your body separately , eliminating muscle imbalances
FREE WEIGHTS OR MACHINES ?
Answer : Free weights
With free weights , you can work both sides of your body separately , eliminating muscle imbalances .
Only some machines allow that .
Also , gym machines are generally designed for a male body .
If you are short or slight , your body may be too small for the machine .
Finally , dumb - bells are inexpensive and portable .
LAUGH OR CRY ?
Answer : Cry
While laughing off the situation may seem like a mature ' I 'm in control ' response , it may be masking or denying some very unhealthy issues .
Crying is a more honest , anxiety - releasing response .
It signals to you and your loved ones that all is not well and that change may be in order .
WINE OR GIN AND TONIC ?
Answer : Wine
Not only does a glass of wine provide more volume for the alcohol ( meaning it lasts longer , so you 'll drink less ) , but the health benefits of wine are legendary .
Choose red for maximum health benefits .
EXERCISE OR ANTIDEPRESSANTS
Answer : Exercise
A study of older adults found that ten weeks of standard exercise was 20 per cent more effective than medication at reducing depressive symptoms .
However , because depression may make you want to do anything but exercise , many doctors recommend combining the two treatments .
A glass of wine provides more volume for the alcohol meaning it lasts longer , so you 'll drink less
A GOOD BOOK OR A GOOD FRIEND ?
Answer : A good friend
Perhaps not every night , but , in general , time spent with friends is time well invested in your health .
Relationships are critical in terms of reducing the negative effects of stress hormones on blood pressure .
MANUAL OR AUTOMATIC CAR ?
Answer : Automatic
The main arguments for driving a manual car - you 'll burn more calories and less petrol - do n't hold up .
Changing gears and using the clutch pedal do n't add up to exercise unless you 're driving an 18 - wheel tractor .
An automatic will make driving less stressful .
WORK OR SEX ?
Answer : Sex
A group of economists found that going from having sex once a month to having it at least weekly is equivalent to the amount of happiness that an enormous pay rise would bring to the average person .
QUICK -DRYING OR STANDARD NAIL POLISH ?
Answer : Standard
Quick - drying nail polish may save time , but at the expense of your nails .
Most of these formulas contain more formaldehyde and alcohol than standard polishes , which are drying and make nails prone to splitting .
To fast - dry nails naturally , empty ice cubes into your sink and fill with cold water .
After each coat of nail polish , dip your wet nails into the cold water for a minute .
Miraculously , they 'll be dry when you take them out .
APPLE OR ORANGE ?
Answer : Apple
The old adage is true .
A study from the university of Nottingham found that people who ate more than five apples a week had improved lung function , less wheeziness and fewer asthma - like symptoms .
ORGANISED WEIGHT -LOSS PLAN OR SOLO WEIGHT LOSS ?
Answer : Organised
Join the group .
When researchers assigned 413 overweight men and women to either a self - help programme , in which they met a nutritionist twice and then followed a programme on their own , or to Weight Watchers , they found that , after two years , those in the Weight - Watchers group lost more weight than those going it alone .
SIRLOIN STEAK OR RIBEYE ?
Answer : Sirloin
A 300g sirloin steak contains 325 kcal and 13g of fat , six of them saturated , compared to 423 kcal and 23g of fat found in the same - size ribeye steak .
The new Reader 's Digest book , 5 Minute Health Boosters ( www. rubooks.co.uk ; £ 26.99 ) .
This looks like it ’s going to be a massive tune over the summer , it ’s an absolute monster .
The full track will be released on the forthcoming release from Never Say Die Records , and it will be available to buy late July on Vinyl and Digital alongside a Ctrl Z Remix too .
ytaudio( K1VLaXoRRdk )
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " I 'm working at home today so I can concentrate without any distractions . "
Dilbert says , " Please do n't disturb me .
Nothing is so important that it can't wait . "
Dogbert says , " I take that as a challenge . "
Dilbert says , " No , please ... "
Dogbert says , " Do you smell that ? "
Dogbert says , " I 'm pretty sure it 's a gas leak . "
Dogbert says , " Have you noticed that the lamp makes huge sparks every once in a while ? "
Dogbert says , " I would n't worry .
What 's the worst thing that could happen ? "
Dogbert says , " I think I hear a baby trapped in the wall ! "
Dilbert says , " Get out of my head ! "
Vast amounts of research on postpartum depression have focused on difficulties facing new mothers , and studies of adult depression have focused on individual struggles .
Depression in mothers with children over the age of six months , however , is less discussed but exceedingly common .
At least 12 percent of women in any given year — many of whom are mothers — and 20 percent of disadvantaged mothers have depressive symptoms .
New findings , presented May 1 at the Pediatric Academic Societies meeting in Vancouver , Canada , provide hope , showing that proper screening and brief cognitive behavior therapy can be a big help to both the mothers and their children .
" Anyone can be depressed , " says Carol Weitzman , an associate professor of developmental - behavior pediatrics at Yale University School of Medicine and lead researcher on the study .
But when an adult is caring for children , depression can have large and lasting effects on the kids , making maternal depression " a big public health problem for children , " she notes .
" The effects of depression on children are very profound .
We can't look at children 's health and function without looking at parents ' functioning . "
Depressed moms , weak bonds
Maternal depression is not an isolated event but part of " a continuum that actually starts prenatally , " explains Janice Cooper , interim director of the National Center for Children in Poverty at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health .
Regardless of a child 's age , " moms with depression are less able to bond well with their children , " she says .
Many mothers with depression are less likely to engage positively with their children , such as playing , reading or singing .
They may even have trouble managing basic child well - being tasks , such as arranging doctor 's checkups , childproofing a home or buckling children up in cars .
Additionally , Cooper points out , depressed parents tend to be less consistent in their parenting .
As symptoms wax and wane , discipline and engagement can fluctuate , leaving children in less - stable environments .
All of these behaviors can influence cognitive , social and physical development , she says .
In many instances , maternal depression can initiate what Cooper calls a " vicious cycle . "
When depressed mothers do not respond well to their children , the children tend not to respond well to the mother , adding to the mother 's concern , anxiety and general malaise .
And these feelings are more likely to increase as the child gets older , a finding that surprised even Weitzman .
These growing anxieties might stem from increased concern about difficulties children might face as they get older , she hypothesizes .
Exploring options
Given the high rates of maternal depression and its impact on the mother - child bond , Weitzman and her colleagues are seeking to understand how it can be better diagnosed and treated .
" I think that we should be sitting up and really taking notice when we see numbers like that , " Weitzman says .
" For certain kinds of disorders , we would be all over that , but we still carry a lot of stigma for mental health . "
The issue of maternal depression is outsized in disadvantaged families , and depressed mothers are less likely to be employed , probably increasing stress .
A combination of other factors , such as less educated parents , also put children at higher risk for poor developmental outcomes even without a depressed parent .
In the new randomized study of 71 underserved mothers with depressive symptoms , Weitzman and her team examined how several short , on - site cognitive behavior therapy sessions compared with traditional referrals for improving both maternal symptoms and how mothers rated their children 's behavior .
Conventionally , observant doctors might suggest specialists for women who seem to be depressed .
For the study , Weitzman and her group gave women who were randomized into this control group substantial case management , in which they spoke with a social worker and were helped with referrals .
In the cognitive behavior therapy group , the social workers " tried to help people make the link from their moods and behavior to how it affected their children . "
The six two - hour therapy sessions covered the relationship between thought , mood , behavior and physical feelings .
It got the mothers to identify stigmas , practice relaxation techniques , reduce negative thinking , and explore the link between maternal mood and behavior and child mood and behavior .
Both groups showed improvement , but the cognitive behavioral therapy group " significantly reduced their ratings of problem behavior in their young children , " Weitzman and her colleagues conclude in their abstract .
" These are great findings , " says Cooper , who was not involved in the study .
" We know that depression is highly treatable , " she notes , adding that these data give credence to other work showing the importance of diagnosing and treating disadvantaged mothers with depression .
The follow - up period for Weitzman 's study did not provide long - term assessments of mother and child behavior , and as Cooper notes , not all mothers can be helped by cognitive behavior therapy .
In some cases , she says , the best solution is including some joint parent - child therapy : " For some families , they really do need help developing that parent - child relationship , rebonding , reconnecting with their children . "
Incorporating treatment
But finding a way to integrate both screening and treatment into an already tenuous health care environment can be challenging .
" We should be bringing this stuff right into pediatrics , " Weitzman says .
They have found that a simple screening , whether it is via a paper survey or simple questions from a pediatrician , is feasible to incorporate into a standard well - child visit .
It will help , she notes , if pediatricians are aware of some of the red flags , such as infrequent ( or overly frequent ) doctor visits , negative description of young children or other behavioral signals .
But once doctors recognize signs of depression , there are often few resources — especially for disadvantaged families — to recommend and even fewer on - site cognitive behavior therapy programs like the one in the study .
And even in their study , Weitzman notes , there were high dropout rates , which emphasize the need for treatments that are easy for families .
Beyond the challenge of providing sessions and making sure those who need treatment get it , the cost of these programs can be prohibitive .
Finding a way to establish screening and treatment protocols so they are not only convenient for families and practitioners but also integrated into the reimbursement structure is likely to be difficult .
Because many programs address postpartum depression through six months , it can be hard to find reimbursable programs that will address maternal and parent - child bonding in treatment , Cooper notes .
As with other diseases , however , treating it is likely to pay off in the long run .
Depressed adults often miss work or have trouble retaining consistent employment , resulting in lost productivity .
" We know that depression is a huge cost to our society , " Cooper says .
And beyond the individual , improving parental state of mind pays long - term dividends for improved child development , she notes , adding that any booster to " foster those bonds and make sure those children have the most quality early childhood experience " is a solid investment .
Citing a frequently used figure for cost - benefit analysis , Cooper notes that , " for every $ 1 invested in early childhood , we save $ 8 . …
If you think of it in terms of prevention , this is a huge benefit to society . "
First , however , the concept surrounding maternal depression needs to change , Weitzman notes .
" Depression is a chronic disorder — it waxes and it wanes , " she says .
" We just need to expand and broaden our thinking [ from the idea ] that there 's this short time after the birth of a baby that someone can be depressed . "
An Arizona minister preaches about “ gender confusion ” and why women should n’t wear pants ( For a related post , click here http://christiannightmares.tumblr.com/post/549100732/pastor-steven-l-anderson-preaches-that-men-must)
What is the real identity of the pseudonymous author of satirical novel Revolt ?
Who is Robina Hood ?
Photograph : Graham Turner
The United States of Europe are here .
Englishness has been outlawed .
And the BBC holds morning prayer meetings to swear loyalty to its European overlords .
Welcome to the satirical sledgehammer of small - mindedness that is Revolt , the first novel to be published under the pseudonym Robina Hood .
It is interesting for one reason only ; the real author is , if the blurb is to be believed , one of the country 's best - loved broadcasters .
Surely , then , her identity is a matter of public interest .
People deserve to know which of the country 's best - loved broadcasters is responsible for the notion of a " quasi - compulsory homosexual experience " at a " Gay Awareness Camp " .
An entirely speculative investigation turns up two prime candidates : Carol Vorderman and Anne Robinson .
Robinson has the Little Englander credentials , having famously put the Welsh into Room 101 .
Combine this with her support for fox hunting , and the fact that Robina is a bit like " Robinson , A " , and suddenly it does n't seem too implausible that she might have mistaken herself for Ukip 's own Orwell .
But Vorderman is also a candidate after her performance as the wicked witch of the witless on Question Time .
Either way , someone wrote this book , and for all we know they are still out there , being revered as a national treasure .
Now there 's a reason to be worried about the future of the BBC .
Peter Crouch ’s mother wo n’t be happy with him as he ended her favorite team ’s hopes of playing Champions League football next year .
Instead Peter Crouch has taken that favor himself after an instinctive header off of the emergency loan keeper Marton Fulop .
The victory at the Eastlands sends Tottenham 4 points clear of Manchester City and only two points behind Arsenal .
A victory this weekend for Tottenham and a loss from Arsenal will send the Hotspur straight through to the group stage of the Champions Leauge , skipping the playoff round leading to it .
Tonight ’s game lived up to expectations and more with both sides playing physically and with great tempo .
City were the first to take their chances with Carlos Tevez and Adam Johnson putting the pressure on the Tottenham defense .
Tottenham would show some attacking displays of their own and nearly went ahead on an 18th minute header by Peter Crouch which rattled the woodworks .
Peter Crouch was brilliant up front teeing off Gareth Bale moments later on a strike that went wide .
While a tie would do Tottenham just fine they were still fighting for a goal throughout the game .
Jermain Defoe almost broke the deadlock in the 56th minute but Marton Fulop was solid between the sticks .
Peter Crouch was also denied by the Hungarian keeper on a 77th minute header .
Moments later though Peter Crouch would put the Hotspur ahead on a header that came off a deflection from Marton Fulop .
It was only his 8th goal of the season and definitely the most important of his career .
We can expect Carlos Tevez rumors to start circulating almost immediately as he once mentioned that he will only stay if City will be playing in the Champions League next year .
With clubs like Real Madrid and Milan apparently seeking his services papers will be eager to write almost anything about the future of the Argentinean striker .
Tottenham finish the season this Sunday as they travel to Turf Moor to face Burnley who will be playing their last Premiership game before heading the Championship .
Manchester City will visit West Ham United to play for their dignity and 5th place as Tevez will face his former club .
We ’ll keep you updated on all events as the season comes to an end .
Make sure you follow us on twitter and facebook to stay updated on all the Premiership events .
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xd79tr_manchester-city-v-tottenham-hotspur_sport
Gary Coleman , the adorable , pint - sized child star of the smash 1970s TV sitcom Diff 'rent Strokes who spent the rest of his life struggling on Hollywood 's D- list , has died after suffering a brain haemorrhage .
He was 42 .
Life support was terminated and Coleman died with family and friends at his side , Utah Valley Regional Medical Centre spokeswoman Janet Frank said .
Coleman , with his sparkling eyes and perfect comic timing , quickly became a star after Diff 'rent Strokes debuted in 1978 .
He played Arnold Jackson , the younger one of a pair of African - American brothers adopted by a wealthy white man .
His skeptical " Whatchu talkin ' ' bout ? " - usually aimed at older brother Willis - became a catchphrase .
" It 's unfortunate .
It 's a sad day , " said Todd Bridges , who played Willis .
" It 's sad that I 'm the last kid alive from the show . "
The series lives on thanks to DVDs and YouTube .
But its equally enduring legacy became the troubles in adulthood of its former child stars .
In 1989 , Bridges was acquitted of attempted murder in the shooting of a drug dealer .
The then 24 - year - old Bridges testified he became depressed and turned to drugs after Diff 'rent Strokes was cancelled .
Dana Plato , who played the boys ' white , teenage sister , pleaded guilty in 1991 to a robbery charge .
She died in 1999 of an overdose of painkiller and muscle relaxer .
The medical examiner 's office ruled the death a suicide .
Coleman 's popularity also faded when the show ended after six seasons on NBC and two on ABC .
He remained estranged until his death from his parents Sue and Willie Coleman , who said they learned about his hospitalisation and death from media reports .
Sue Coleman said she wanted to reconcile and had been patiently waiting for her son to be ready .
" One of the things that I had prayed for was that nothing like this would happen before we could sit with Gary and ( wife ) Shannon and say , ' we 're here and we love you , ' " Sue Coleman said .
" We just did n't want to push him . "
She would not discuss the cause of the estrangement .
In 1989 , when Gary Coleman was 21 , she filed a court request trying to gain control of her son's $ 6 million fortune , saying he was incapable of handling his affairs .
He said the move " obviously stems from her frustration at not being able to control my life " .
Coleman chafed at his permanent association with Diff 'rent Strokes but also tried to capitalise on it through minor reality shows .
endorsements and other TV appearances .
His role as a car - washing plantation slave in the 2008 conservative political satire An American Carol was cut from the final print .
The diminutive actor also appeared in last year 's Midgets vs Mascots , a film that pits little people against mascots in a series of silly contests for a chance to win $ 1 million .
Coleman met with producers of the film earlier this year to ask them to remove a brief scene of frontal nudity that he says he did n't authorise .
His adult life also was marked with legal , financial and health troubles , suicide attempts and even a 2003 run for California governor .
Coleman suffered continuing ill health from the kidney disease that stunted his growth .
The condition required dialysis and at least two transplants .
As an adult , his height reached only 4 feet 8 inches .
He suffered the brain hemorrhage on Wednesday at his Santaquin home , 55 miles south of Salt Lake City .
A statement from his family said he was conscious and lucid until midday Thursday , when his condition worsened and he slipped into unconsciousness .
Coleman was then placed on life support .
Coleman was born February 8 , 1968 , in Zion , Illinois , near Chicago and underwent his first transplant at age 5 .
In a 1979 Los Angeles Times profile , Sue Coleman said her son had always been a ham as a small child .
He acted in some commercials before he was signed by TAT , the production company that created Diff 'rent Strokes .
The sitcom drew most of its laughs from the tiny , 10 - year - old Coleman .
Race and class relations became topics on the show as much as the typical trials of growing up .
However , the attention his starring role brought him could be a burden as well as a pleasure .
Coleman said in 2001 that he would do a TV series again , but " only under the absolute condition that it be an ensemble cast and that everybody gets a chance to shine " .
" I certainly am not going to be the only person on the show working , " he said .
" I 've done that .
I did n't like it . "
Coleman was among 135 candidates who ran in California 's bizarre 2003 recall election to replace then - Gov. Gray Davis , whom voters ousted in favor of Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Coleman finished in eighth place with 12,488 votes , or 0.2 percent , just behind Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt .
Running for office gave him a chance to show another side of himself , he said at the time .
" This is really interesting and cool , and I 've been enjoying the heck out of it because I get to be intelligent , which is something I do n't get to do very often , " he said .
Legal disputes dogged him repeatedly .
And in a 1993 television interview , he said he had twice tried to kill himself by overdosing on pills .
He moved to Utah in fall 2005 , and according to a tally in early 2010 , officers were called to assist or intervene with Coleman more than 20 times in the following years .
The responses included a call where Coleman said he had taken dozens of Oxycontin pills and wanted to die .
Some of the disputes involved his wife , Shannon Price , whom he met on the set of the 2006 comedy Church Ball and married in 2007 .
In September 2008 , a dustup with a fan at a Utah bowling alley led Coleman to plead no contest to disorderly conduct .
The fan also sued him , claiming the actor punched him and ran into him with his truck .
Bazil , the hero of Jean - Pierre Jeunet ’s new film , “ Micmacs , ” is a mild - mannered fellow with a serious grudge .
When he was a child , he lost his father , a member of the French Foreign Legion , to a land mine .
Sometime later , after a stint in an orphanage , the adult Bazil ( Dany Boon ) is minding his own business , working the night shift at a video store and reciting Humphrey Bogart ’s French - dubbed dialogue in “ The Big Sleep , ” when a stray bullet pierces his forehead , nearly killing him .
Both disasters might be classified as accidents , but Bazil traces the mine and the bullet to rival armaments companies , whose offices sit across from each other in an industrial zone on the fringe of Paris , and whose chief executives are contrasting studies in corporate arrogance .
Fenouillet ( André Dussollier ) is an old - fashioned haute - bourgeois stuffed shirt , whose passion is collecting the body parts of historical figures , like Marilyn Monroe ’s molar .
His nemesis , Marconi ( Nicolas Marié ) , is a more modern type , with fashionable stubble on his face , an ultramodern apartment and a young son being raised mainly by a taciturn African nanny .
With the help of a crew of misfit junk collectors  the Micmacs of the title 
Bazil sets out to take revenge on these masters of war , pursuing a campaign of sabotage and humiliation that is at once whimsically prankish and deeply earnest .
Here 's an article in French from a few days ago , detailing an agreement between BNF and the French Wikisource whereby they will be provided 1500 books to put online .
Wikisource already has 56,000 books in total , so typing up and uploading an extra 1500 should n't be a problem .. though it will take some time .
The article notes that using automatic machine recognition is n't a good idea with texts this old , as they are usually full of errors to the extent that simply typing them up from scratch is a faster process .
The list of books provided is here .
Some titles that might be interesting :
La langue française depuis les origines jusqu'à la fin du XIe siècle .
Défense du paganisme par l'empereur Julien , en grec et en françois
La religion védique d’après les hymnes du Rig-veda
La science expérimentale
Réforme ou révolution ?
Les lunettes anglaises .
Le but final .
Journal d’un voyageur pendant la guerre .
See anything else interesting ?
The first 50 books to be uploaded are here
Brooklyn residents awoke Thursday to the sight of two " Stop the Sag " billboards -- and more were on the way .
The billboards are an initiative of Sen. Eric Adams , who believes droopy pants with underwear showing is unkempt and degrading .
Signs on the billboard urge those who would wear their pants that way to " raise your pants , raise your image . "
The sign depicts two men in jeans set low enough to show their boxers .
Adams bankrolled the signs with $ 2,000 in campaign cash and they will primarily hang in Crown Heights , Brooklyn .
The signs were supposed to go up Monday , but the rain prompted a delay .
The Democratic State Senator is the latest in a series of public figures to decry the style that 's been popular since the 1990s .
The chorus of complaints hit something of a fever pitch recently .
" American Idol " auditioner Larry Platt became an Internet sensation with his song " Pants on the Ground , " in January .
Martin Gardner , who inspired the gathering we report on in this article , died on Saturday .
New Scientist consultant Jeff Hecht has written an assessment of his career on our CultureLab blog .
Getting together for some mathematical fun
Gallery : Mathemagical visions : a Gathering for Gardner album
Gary Foshee , a collector and designer of puzzles from Issaquah near Seattle walked to the lectern to present his talk .
It consisted of the following three sentences : “ I have two children .
One is a boy born on a Tuesday .
What is the probability I have two boys ? ”
The event was the Gathering for Gardner earlier this year , a convention held every two years in Atlanta , Georgia , uniting mathematicians , magicians and puzzle enthusiasts .
The audience was silent as they pondered the question .
Advertisement
“ The first thing you think is ‘ What has Tuesday got to do with it ? ' ” said Foshee , deadpan .
“ Well , it has everything to do with it . ”
And then he stepped down from the stage .
The gathering is the world ’s premier celebration of recreational mathematics .
Foshee ’s “ boy born on a Tuesday ” problem is a gem of the genre : easy to state , understandable to the layperson , yet with a completely counter - intuitive answer that can leave you with a smile on your face for days .
If you have two children , and one is a boy , then the probability of having two boys is significantly different if you supply the extra information that the boy was born on a Tuesday .
Do n’t believe me ?
We ’ll get to the answer later .
As a melting pot of outside - the - box abstract thinking , this gathering is one of a kind .
Attendees were invited to make the world ’s first snub dodecahedron out of balloons , shown how to solve the Rubik ’s cube while blindfolded and given tips on how to place a lemon under a handkerchief without anyone knowing .
The 300 guests included magicians , origamists , artists , maze designers , puzzle writers , toy inventors and cognitive psychologists , as well as some of the world ’s most gifted mathematicians .
Origami letters
Erik Demaine , for example , is a former winner of the MacArthur fellowship , aka the “ genius award ” , and the youngest person in recent years to be made a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Now aged 29 , he presented to the gathering some typefaces that he had invented as a result of his academic work in computational geometry .
The “ hinged dissection font ” is a font in which each letter can be made from the same linked chain of 128 identical isosceles triangles .
( A hinged dissection is a technique in which a large shape is divided up into smaller shapes , linked together with “ hinges ” , and then refolded into another large shape . )
The letters looked distinctive , if a little clunky .
Demaine reckoned the typeface had another more serious problem : “ It ’s way too easy to read ! ”
So he revealed a brilliantly incomprehensible font based on his work in origami : the “ origami maze font ” , for which each letter of the alphabet is the origami fold - pattern that , once folded , would make that letter protrude from the page .
When he started to write in this font , and the screen at the front of the hall filled with an impenetrable grid of red and blue lines – red lines are the “ mountain ” folds and the blue ones the “ valley ” folds – the audience clapped and guffawed .
Recreational mathematics may be the “ mathematics of fun ” but it often inspires serious science .
Hinged dissections were invented by the British puzzle creator Henry Dudeney a century ago .
Though Demaine became interested in them and in origami for purely playful purposes , they have resulted in some of his most important academic research .
Hinged dissections form the basis of his designs for reconfigurable robots , in which blocks hinged together in a chain can be made to fold into any three - dimensional shape .
The pop -up lettering technique behind his origami font could , he says , be used with paper that can pucker up to form tactile shapes : to make , for example , a map you can read in the dark .
“ There is no way to predict from the recreational side to the product side , ” Demaine says .
Games master
The four - day Gathering for Gardner , or G4G , owes its name to the journalist Martin Gardner , who died as this article was going to press , aged 95 .
Between 1957 and 1981 Gardner wrote the monthly “ Mathematical games ” column in Scientific American , which inspired a cult following .
A decade after he put down his pen , Atlanta businessman and puzzle collector Tom Rodgers decided to pay tribute to Gardner by organising a gathering in his honour .
This year the gathering mostly took place in the windowless conference room of an Atlanta hotel , apart from one afternoon when everyone relocated to Rodgers ’s residence on the outskirts of Atlanta .
It ’s a modern house surrounded by a Japanese garden , containing geometrical sculptures and a pathway based on the Fibonacci sequence .
Here the guests are free to indulge in all manner of mathematical recreations : University of Arkansas mathematician Chaim Goodman - Strauss led a group in building a Hilbert - space - filling curve out of 320 kilograms of steel ; performance artist Caspar Schwabe constructed a “ kinetic bamboo hyperboloid ” ; and composer Vi Hart demonstrated how to make polyhedra out of balloons .
“ As a melting pot of outside - the - box abstract thinking , this gathering is one of a kind ”
Of the three main professions represented – mathematicians , magicians and “ puzzle people ” – the magicians were the easiest to spot : they tended to wear black jackets .
Mark Setteducati was a prime example , and he also wore a dandyish black shirt .
He was displaying a copy of a puzzle he had invented called Jigazo , currently the top - selling puzzle in Japan .
Setteducati is a performing magician who curates the magic side of the G4G .
Magic was chosen as a theme because Gardner himself was an amateur magician and his first foray into mathematics writing in the 1950s was a book on the mathematics of magic .
The two disciplines are happy bedfellows : both exhibit a wonder at the structure of the world , and seek playful ways to subvert it .
Mathemagics
The G4G facilitates the free exchange of ideas between the magical and mathematical communities .
The Jigazo – which will be released in Europe and the US later this year – was a product of this traffic .
At a previous G4G , Setteducati met the computer graphics pioneer Ken Knowlton , and the puzzle is a collaboration between them .
The Jigazo is a jigsaw puzzle that can be customised to display any picture you want .
It contains 300 identically shaped pieces that are all a different shade of blue , and all have a unique symbol on the back .
If you take a portrait of yourself and email the image to the Jigazo website , you will receive an email back with a map of the arrangement of the symbols such that when the pieces are assembled in this way the jigsaw shows your portrait .
“ What I love about this is the magic behind it , ” says Setteducati .
“ With 300 pieces you can make any face in the world . ”
In this context , “ magic ” means a good deal of fiendishly clever number - crunching .
Setteducati gave me his business card , which is written in backwards - script and incorporates a mirror to read it the right way round .
Judged on the originality of its guests ’ business cards , the G4G is a pretty special event : several were origami models or unusual shapes .
The card of Pablos Holman , futurist and security expert , was completely black , his details only visible in UV light .
Another charming aspect of the gathering is the age range of those present .
Many of Gardner ’s contemporaries still come , including 93 - year - old mathematician Richard Guy and Solomon Golomb , aged 88 , whose work on polyominoes – dominoes with more than two squares – gained prominence thanks to a Gardner column in the late 1950s .
( And , many years later , inspired the computer game Tetris , in which falling tetrominoes must be stacked together . )
At the opposite end of the age spectrum was Neil Bickford , aged 12 , a mathematics blogger from San Jose , California .
Reptilian designs
In 1964 , Golomb coined the term “ reptile ” – short for repetitive tiling – to mean any tile that can reproduce a larger copy of itself .
An example of this is the L - shaped tile .
Carolyn Yackel , who is best known for her book Making Mathematics with Needlework , demonstrated that the number of L - tiles you need to make into a bigger L is always a square : 4 , 9 , 16 and so on .
And she showed a table made of ceramic reptiles that she made with her father .
Tiling is a major theme in recreational mathematics – possibly because as well as being conceptually rich it is also aesthetically gratifying .
For example , computer scientist Craig Kaplan from the University of Waterloo in Ontario , Canada , spoke of different ways to design parquet tiles that morph from one shape to another as they cross the floor .
The evolution of tiles , he said , suggested “ an inexhaustible source of inspiration for art ” .
Mathematicians are especially fascinated by sets of tiles that can only produce a pattern that never repeats .
Such sets are called “ aperiodic ” and were discovered in the 1960s and later popularised by Roger Penrose in the 1970s .
Aperiodicity is interesting because it is so counter - intuitive , and because if patterns never repeat it means that every tile in an arrangement somehow influences the position of every other tile .
Until now , at least two different shapes of tiles were needed , such as Penrose ’s famous “ kite ” and “ dart ” tiles .
Which is why a new design known as the “ einstein ” tile presented at the conference was such a significant mathematical breakthrough .
It is the first aperiodic tile that works on its own , with no need for any other shape .
Designed by Joshua Socolar , a physicist from Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , and Joan Taylor from Burnie , Tasmania , Australia , it looks like a cross between a snowflake and a small craft from an early Star Wars movie .
Identical einsteins can only fit together without any gaps or overlaps in a non-periodic way .
“ Everyone finds probability questions mind - bending , even the world ’s best mathematicians ”
Perhaps the mathematician whose career most embodies the spirit of recreational mathematics is G4G stalwart John Horton Conway of Princeton University in New Jersey .
“ I absolutely love this .
It ’s just so interesting being here with such different people . ”
Yet Conway ’s presence in Atlanta was not merely physical .
In 1970 Gardner wrote one of his most widely read columns , on a Conway invention called the Game of Life .
Conway ’s “ Life ” is an example of what is known as a cellular automaton , a grid in which the cells can be either alive ( white ) or dead ( black ) and where four simple rules determine what happens to the cells in successive generations .
The “ game ” is to choose a pattern of live cells and see how they evolve .
As well as providing something fun for early computer programmers , the wonder of seeing how complexity emerges from such simple beginnings captured many people ’s imaginations in the early 1970s .
Life and Stephen Wolfram
The Game of Life seemed to be everywhere at the G4G .
California - based mathematician Tom Rokicki showed some new patterns of mind - boggling ingenuity , including one which produced the image of the numeral 3 , then the numeral 1 , then 4 and continued writing out the digits of pi .
William Gosper , who once held the record for discovering pi to the greatest number of decimal places and is considered one of the first computer hackers , was showing new Life forms on his laptop : “ The ingenuity is staggering , ” he says .
Life appeared again in a talk by Stephen Wolfram , the mathematician and software entrepreneur behind the Wolfram Alpha computational engine and the blockbuster software Mathematica .
He believes that cellular automata can recreate the universe and is trying to find the ones that do .
Wolfram attended the G4G with his wife and two of his four children .
Which brings us back to the opening question : “ I have two children .
One is a boy born on a Tuesday .
What is the probability I have two boys ? ”
Trouble with boys
The first thing to remember about probability questions is that everyone finds them mind - bending , even mathematicians .
The next step is to try to answer a similar but simpler question so that we can isolate what the question is really asking .
So , consider this preliminary question : “ I have two children .
One of them is a boy .
What is the probability I have two boys ? ”
This is a much easier question , though a controversial one as I later discovered .
After the gathering ended , Foshee ’s Tuesday boy problem became a hotly discussed topic on blogs around the world .
The main bone of contention was how to properly interpret the question .
The way Foshee meant it is , of all the families with one boy and exactly one other child , what proportion of those families have two boys ?
To answer the question you need to first look at all the equally likely combinations of two children it is possible to have : BG , GB , BB or GG .
The question states that one child is a boy .
So we can eliminate the GG , leaving us with just three options : BG , GB and BB .
One out of these three scenarios is BB , so the probability of the two boys is 1/3 .
“ Judged on the originality of attendees ’ business cards , this is a pretty special event ”
Now we can repeat this technique for the original question .
Let ’s list the equally likely possibilities of children , together with the days of the week they are born in .
Let ’s call a boy born on a Tuesday a BTu .
Our possible situations are :
When the first child is a BTu and the second is a girl born on any day of the week : there are seven different possibilities .
When the first child is a girl born on any day of the week and the second is a BTu : again , there are seven different possibilities .
When the first child is a BTu and the second is a boy born on any day of the week : again there are seven different possibilities .
Finally , there is the situation in which the first child is a boy born on any day of the week and the second child is a BTu – and this is where it gets interesting .
There are seven different possibilities here too , but one of them – when both boys are born on a Tuesday – has already been counted when we considered the first to be a BTu and the second on any day of the week .
So , since we are counting equally likely possibilities , we can only find an extra six possibilities here .
Summing up the totals , there are 7 + 7 + 7 + 6 = 27 different equally likely combinations of children with specified gender and birth day , and 13 of these combinations are two boys .
So the answer is 13 / 27 , which is very different from 1/3 .
It seems remarkable that the probability of having two boys changes from 1/3 to 13/27 when the birth day of one boy is stated – yet it does , and it ’s quite a generous difference at that .
In fact , if you repeat the question but specify a trait rarer than 1/7 ( the chance of being born on a Tuesday ) , the closer the probability will approach 1/2 .
Which is surprising , weird … and , to recreational mathematicians at least , delightfully entertaining .
Gallery : Mathemagical visions : a Gathering for Gardner album
Here are two excellent C - SPAN videos on F. A. Hayek ’s mega- seller The Road to Serfdom .
The Great Books Council of Delaware has a reading group discussion on Hayek ’s The Road to Serfdom , with a special introduction featuring Lanny Ebenstein , William Rehnquist , Milton Friedman Robert Bork , George Will , David Boaz , and Seymour Martin Lipset .
Brian Lamb , from a clip introducing the Great Books video : “ One of the reasons that we wanted to asked you [ Lanny Ebenstein ] here to do this [ is ] because over the years .. the name Hayek —
I never knew it before I started the show — it pops up all the time .. “ .
More C- SPAN videos discussing Hayek here .
Dal Codice della vita italiana di Giuseppe Prezzolini : Firenze 1921.1 .
I Cittadini italiani si dividono in categorie a causa : i Furbi ei fessi.2 .
Non c'è una Definizione di fesso .
Però : se uno paga il biglietto intero in ferrovia , non entra gratis a teatro , non ha un commendatore zio , amico della moglie e Potente Magistratura Nella , Nella Pubblica Istruzione ecc. ; E non Massone o Gesuita ; dichiara all ' agente delle imposte il Suo vero reddito ; mantiene la parola data anche a costo di perderci , ecc. QUESTI è un fesso .3 .
I Furbi non mai Usano parole Chiare .
I fessi qualche volta .4 .
Bisogna non confondere il furbo con l'intelligente .
L'intelligente Spesso è un fesso anche lui .5 .
Il furbo è sempre in un Posto che si è meritato non per le sue Capacità , ma per la sua Abilità uno fingere di averle .
6 . Colui
Che sa è un fesso .
Colui
Che riesce senza sapere è un furbo .
7 .
Segni distintivi del furbo : pelliccia , automobile , teatro , ristorante , donne .
8 . I fessi Hanno dei Principi .
I Furbi Soltanto dei Fini.9 .
Dovere : E quella parola che si trova Nelle Orazioni solenni DEI FURBI Quando vogliono
Che i fessi marcino per loro .10 .
L'Italia va avanti perché ci sono i fessi .
I fessi lavorano , pagano , crepano .
Chi fa la figura di mandare avanti l'Italia sono i Furbi
Che non fanno nulla , spendono e se la godono .
11 .
Il fesso , in generale , è stupido .
Se non Fosse stupido avrebbe cacciato via i Furbi da parecchio tempo.12 .
Il fesso , in generale , è incolto per ogni stupidaggine .
Se non Fosse stupido , capirebbe Il valore della cultura per cacciare i Furbi.13 .
Ci sono fessi intelligenti e colti , Che vorrebbero mandar via i Furbi . Ma non possono:1 ) Perchè sono fessi;2 ) Perché gli altri fessi sono stupidi e incolti , e non li capiscono .
14 .
Per andare avanti ci sono sistemi di scadenza .
Uno è buono , ma l'altro è il migliore .
Il primo è leccare i Furbi .
Ma riesce meglio il secondo Che consisté nel paura Loro lontano :1 ) Perchè non c'è furbo
Che non abbia qualche Marachella da nascondere ;2 )
Perchè non c'è furbo
Che non preferisca il quieto vivere alla lotta , e con la Associazione altri briganti alla guerra contro questi .15 .
Il fesso si interessa al problema della produzione della ricchezza .
Il Furbo Soprattutto uno Quello della distribuzione .16 .
L'Italiano ha un tale culto per la furbizia , che arriva persino all ' ammirazione di chi se ne serve a suo danno .
Il furbo è in alto in Italia non Soltanto per la propria furbizia , ma per la reverenza
Che l'italiano in generale ha della furbizia Stessa , alla Quale principalmente fa appello per la riscossa e per la vendetta .
Nella famiglia , scuola Nella , Nelle carriere , l'esempio e la Dottrina corrente - Che non si trova nei libri - insegnano i sistemi della furbizia .
La Vittima si lamenta della furbizia Che Colpita l'ha , ma in cuor Suo si ripromette di imparare la lezione per un'altra occasione .
La diffidenza degli umili
Che si riscontra in quasi tutta l'Italia , è appunto l'effetto di un secolare dominio dei Furbi , contro i qualifiche la corbelleria dei più si è andata corazzando di una corteccia di silenzio e di ottuso Sufficiente non sospetto , , uno porli al riparo delle sempre nuove di scaltrezze , però quelli .
You thought my last overhaul of the Pentagon was radical ?
Wait 'til you see what I 've got planned for next year .
That 's the message Defense Secretary Robert Gates is sending to the armed services and to Capitol Hill .
In a speech today at the Eisenhower Library in Abeliene , Kansas , Gates not only informed the military establishment that the post - 9/11 " gusher of defense spending ... has been turned off , and will stay off for a good period of time . "
He warned that he 's putting everything from ships to jets to general 's billets to troops ' healthcare reimbursement rates under fresh scrutiny .
" Given America ’s difficult economic circumstances ... military spending on things large and small can and should expect closer , harsher scrutiny , " Gates added .
In 2008 , before Gates rolled out the budget that offed the Air Force and Army 's signature programs for superpower war , he paved the way with a series of speeches blasting the military - industrial complex for not focusing on today 's conflicts .
This talk – along with one given Monday at the Navy League symposium – signal a similar approach .
Cutting hardware will almost certainly be part of the equation , once again .
Gates all - but - told the Navy earlier this week that the idea of having 11 carrier strike groups was overkill .
But this next time , Gates is promising to do something much , much harder .
First , he wants to rejigger the military 's healthcare system .
" The premiums for TRICARE , the military health insurance program , have not risen since the program was founded more than a decade ago , " Gates noted .
" In recent years the Department has attempted modest increases in premiums and co-pays to help bring costs under control , but has been met with a furious response from the Congress and veterans groups .
The proposals routinely die an ignominious death on Capitol Hill . "
Then , he wants to convince the military 's barnacled , byzantine bureaucracy to do the unthinkable : cut itself down .
" According to an estimate by the Defense Business Board , overhead , broadly defined , makes up roughly 40 percent of the Department ’s budget , " he said .
" Almost a decade ago , Secretary Rumsfeld lamented that there were 17 levels of staff between him and a line officer .
The Defense Business Board recently estimated that in some cases the gap between me and an action officer may be as high as 30 layers ...
A request for a dog - handling team in Afghanistan – or for any other unit – has to go through no fewer than five four - star headquarters in order to be processed , validated , and eventually dealt with . "
The private sector has flattened and streamlined the middle and upper echelons of its organization charts , yet the Defense Department continues to maintain a top - heavy hierarchy that more reflects 20th Century headquarters superstructure than 21st Century realities ...
Now , just about every military listener will answer this talk with a loud " amen . "
The question is how many generals and how many senior execs will really put their little fiefdoms on the chopping block .
As Gates noted , his successors have waged war on the Pentagon 's bureaucracy , too – only to be forced to retreat .
Gates even gave props in his talk to Donald Rumsfeld 's ( in ) famous statement of September 10th 2001 , that the military 's PowerPoint - pushers were " a serious threat to the security of the United States of America . "
But unlike Rumsfeld , Gates appears ready to order the bureaucratic cuts - not just bitch about the bloat .
Therefore , as the Defense Department begins the process of preparing next ’s years Fiscal Year 2012 budget request , I am directing the military services , the joint staff , the major functional and regional commands , and the civilian side of the Pentagon to take a hard , unsparing look at how they operate – in substance and style alike ...
In other words , to convert sufficient “ tail ” to “ tooth ” to provide the equivalent of the roughly two to three percent real growth – resources needed to sustain America ’s combat power at a time of war and make investments to prepare for an uncertain future .
Simply taking a few percent off the top of everything on a one - time basis will not do .
These savings must stem from root - and - branch changes that can be sustained and added to over time .
What is required going forward is not more study .
Nor do we need more legislation .
It is not a great mystery what needs to change .
What it takes is the political will and willingness , as Eisenhower possessed , to make hard choices – choices that will displease powerful people both inside the Pentagon and out .
I once called Gates the " most dangerous man in the military complex . "
But if he follows through on this speech , his most hazardous job may lie ahead .
[ Photo : DoD ]
See Also :
There ’s a new study , which apparently has n’t been published yet because I can not find it ANYWHERE , examining rates of sexual activity among teenage girls in various weight categories .
MSNBC published an article and interview with the study ’s lead author , Margaret Villers , that leaves me absolutely enraged .
Here are the facts :
The study found that 6 percent of normal weight teens had sex before age 13 , as compared with 11 percent of overweight teens and 15 percent of obese teens .
And 39 percent of normal weight teens reported having sex with more than three partners as compared with 45 percent of overweight teens and 47 percent of obese teens .
What ’s more , they are not only more likely to engage in earlier sexual activity and with more partners , “ overweight ” and “ obese ” girls are less likely to use birth control :
[ O ] bese and overweight girls were also less likely to use condoms and other birth control .
The study found that girls with weight issues were almost 20 percent less likely use condoms than thinner girls , and more than 30 percent less likely to use other methods of contraception .
Okay , I am going to get really tired of putting quotes around everything .
Can you all , kind readers , just assume that for the rest of the piece , every time I write the words “ obese ” or “ overweight , ” I am putting scare quotes there ?
Because they belong there , and now is not the time when I am going to get into an extended Fat Acceptance 101 explanation .
Just take it from me .
The BMI categories “ normal weight , ” “ overweight , ” and “ obese ” are pretty much bullshit .
But let ’s just accept that girls who fall into the overweight and obese categories are , in fact , fatter than the other girls .
Okay , fine .
These girls are having more sex , earlier , and with more partners .
There is so much wrong with the analysis of this study ’s results that I ’m not even sure where to start .
I ’d like to do a critical analysis of the study , too , but it ’s not out yet , so I am only left with the wise words of Ms. Villers :
“ They develop sooner , ” Villers explained .
“ They look like women sooner .
And maybe that ’s why they are more likely to be pressured by their boyfriends to have sex at a younger age . ”
Seriously ?
Do we understand so little about sex that we think the question of who ’s having sex and who ’s not is just about who is the most attractive to men ?
That ladies with big boobs get laid and ladies with small boobs do n’t , because apparently men are unable to speak and therefore can’t determine anything about a woman except boob size ?
Okay , well there ’s also the “ they have low self - esteem , because , duh , they ’re fatties ” explanation :
Another factor could be low self - esteem and poor body image , which have been correlated with obesity in other studies .
“ It may be harder for girls who do n’t feel good about themselves to say ‘ no , ’ or even to stop a partner long enough to say they need to use a condom , ” Villers said .
The article goes on to quote another scientist - person who says that parents should thus help their girls by encouraging them to “ eat right . ”
So let me get this straight .
According to this analysis , the correlation goes like this : fat –> low self - esteem –> ca n’t say no –> sexy time .
So , thus the solution is to prevent the fatness , and therefore prevent the low self - esteem and thus the sexy time !
Got it .
But this is in serious contravention of piles and piles of research that shows that fatness , especially among children , has serious genetic components and we still do n’t know how to make fat people thin .
Okay , MSNBC and Margaret Villiers and all the countless pundits who will surely weigh in on how horrible it is that these poor young fatties , in addition to the indignity of being fat , have to suffer the horrors of sexual activity ( quick !
Someone call Caitlin Flanagan ! ) , let me explain to you how it works .
I am a veritable expert , having been both a slightly fat teenage girl and a bonafide fat adult , and also someone who has engaged in sexual activity throughout these times !
1 . Unless you are very naturally thin , people around you will constantly be worrying about your weight well before you even hit puberty .
I remember this well .
I was n’t a skinny kid .
I was n’t a fat kid either .
Looking back on pictures of my child self , I do n’t even think I was chubby .
I just … was n’t as skinny as some of the other girls who were my friends .
Unfortunately , instead of fighting the negative media messages I got about thinness and my body , the adults around me reinforced those messages by not going WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU THINKING when I announced I was going on a diet , and by being constantly on diets themselves .
When you are in the pre-teen era , you spend a lot of time looking to adults to figure out how you should behave , because you are just beginning to become aware of changes in your body that mean you will be an adult within a few years !
And holy shit !
And guess what — the adults around you are constantly obsessing about their own weight .
And yours .
Because , since it is the responsibility of parents to decide what their kids eat , and there are a million narratives about how if you do n’t eat right you will get fat , parents are looking for your not - fatness as a way to verify that they have n’t completely fucked up as parents .
And they are talking about how when you grow up , you will “ struggle with your weight , ” so enjoy it now , kid !
Except you think , wait ?
I have compared myself to friends that I have ?
And I am , in fact , bigger than some of them ?
DIET TIME .
2 . Here is what you learn very early , as a young woman prone to fatness , even before puberty :
My body is bad .
My body is disgusting .
My body is something for me to fight against .
My body will not cooperate with my desire to be thin .
My body is a disappointment to the people around me .
I hate how all these studies and articles just assume as true that it is the natural order of things that fat girls will feel bad about themselves , as if this is , in fact , the proper way to view yourself when you are fat .
No , this is not natural .
This does not come from looking in the mirror .
Girls are inculcated with messages that fatness is bad and that their bodies are their enemies .
Loving your body is not option .
That fatness - shame , combined with the puberty - shame of our puritanical , anti-woman , anti-sex culture , means that at the onset of puberty fat girls undergo deep , deep dissociation with their bodies .
This happens to all kinds of girls , but especially fat girls .
3 . On the other hand , you have all these anti-sex messages coming at you , hard and fast , which says , oh your body is a temple your body is special do n’t just let anyone touch it , sex is only for true love blah blah blah .
But those messages can’t take hold , because you ’ve already been taught that your body is bad and disgusting and is your enemy because it does not conform to the beauty ideal ( and , yes , I am sad to say , there is a beauty ideal even for twelve - year - old girls ) .
And those message are working on the other girls , who think that they will devalue their bodies if they get intimate with boys .
But for fat girls , your body is already devalued , and so , it ’s kind of like : FUCK IT .
4 . Ever read asshole rich people complaining about how poor people are so fat because they eat too much junk food ?
Well , nevermind the fact that a lot of people living in poverty do n’t really have the resources to “ eat healthy , ” I also think : hell yes , if I was poor , I would eat a lot of crap .
Because you know what , when your life is miserable , fattening and sugary food is just about one of the only sensual pleasures that you can actually afford .
And at the end of that day where you are working several jobs and dealing with child care and not having health care and living in a shitty apartment , you really just might want some McDonald ’s , and I ca n’t blame you .
Being a young fat girl , sex is like that .
You just do n’t care .
Your body has been the source of so much unhappiness , so much shame , that , oh my god–here is something you can do with your body that makes you feel good and alive and yes ?
Sign me up .
5 . Can we talk about how we automatically assume that having more than three partners as a teenage girl is automatically a bad thing ?
Because I do n’t see why it has to be , except for in our narratives about how promiscuity is awful .
It ’s only awful because it ’s supposed to be awful , and presto !
You get slut - shamed out the wazoo for doing it .
And then you do , in fact , feel awful , because slut - shaming sucks .
But you also get slut - shamed for not doing it .
As has been aptly covered by every feminist everywhere , you can end up a slut for completely perplexing reasons , like because you have a single mom , or because you have big breasts , or because of your race or ethnicity , or because of a rumor that might not even be close to true .
6 . Fat girls are more likely to get labeled as sluts , because “ slut ” is a catch - all word for women and girls who do not conform to ladylike and womanly behavior , and being fat is definitely not lady - like or womanly behavior .
And look , I can say from experience , if enough people are calling you a slut , you start to believe it .
You ’re 12 !
What do you know about what a slut is ?
And you are hitting puberty , and having all these sexual thoughts about boys , and thinking , okay , people are saying I am a slut so OBVIOUSLY this is not normal and there must be something deeply , deeply wrong with me .
Perhaps after a while , you think , hey , if everyone is calling me a slut , I might as well go ahead and be one , because they sure as hell are n’t going to stop , are they ?
7 . I really hate that female desire is just completely erased in that MSNBC article .
It chaps my hide something fierce .
Because if it is the case that fat girls go through puberty earlier , why do we say “ they grow boobs , so boys pressure them to have sex ” rather than “ they go through puberty , so they have sexual desire earlier than other girls . ”
Why was that not even thought of as an explanation ?
No. NOT POSSIBLE !
Teenage girls ?
Actually wanting sex or sexual activity ?
No , it must be the boys who are making them do it .
Puberty happens because of a rapid hormonal shift in your body .
Those hormones do all kinds of things : make you grow boobs , get your period , grow body hair , and START FEELING SEXUAL DESIRE .
Yes , so the girls who go through puberty earlier will start feeling sexual desire earlier than other girls .
But we could n’t possibly advance that as an explanation because if girls engage in sexytime because they want to , rather than because boys force them to , it does n’t fit into our nice little narrative about how girls are being ruined by sex , does it ?
In short , they are so completely wrong and this whole enterprise is bogus .
As one of my favorite ladybloggers ( and personal friend ) Gayle Force said to me in chat : “ Can everyone stop examining teen girls ’ sex lives ?
It is creepy and morbid .
I think the articles are secretly hoping to find how it fucks up all the girls , and then they are miserable and deranged . ”
Basically .
( CNN ) -- Abbie Dorn always wanted children , and in June 2006 she got her wish -- triplets .
But during a difficult birth she suffered severe brain damage that took away her chance to raise them .
Now , her parents and former husband are locked in a legal battle over whether Dorn is capable of interacting with her children , and whether they should visit her .
On Tuesday , a judge in Los Angeles County Superior Court ruled that Abbie Dorn 's parents have the right to fight for visitation rights on her behalf .
The ruling clears the way for a trial , scheduled for May 13 .
No matter who prevails , the case is likely to lead to years of appeals that could result in a legal landmark affecting the rights of mentally incapacitated parents .
Dorn , 34 , last had contact with triplets Esti , Reuvi and Yossi in October 2007 , when they were toddlers .
They will turn 4 on June 20 .
Paul and Susan Cohen , a physician and former nurse , are conservators of Abbie Dorn 's estate and care for their daughter full - time at their home in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina .
A $ 7.8 million medical malpractice settlement funds her treatment .
Her former husband , Daniel Dorn , is raising the triplets in Los Angeles , California .
Susan Cohen says her daughter has made considerable progress after intensive rehabilitation and now communicates by blinking her eyes .
" One slow blink means ' yes . '
No response means ' no , ' " said Cohen .
Daniel Dorn maintains that his former wife remains in a vegetative state .
She is more than physically disabled , he contends in court papers , she is " neurologically incapacitated " and legally incompetent to make decisions involving her children .
Abbie and Dan Dorn , both devout Orthodox Jews , were in their early 20s when they met in Atlanta , Georgia , and embarked on a whirlwind romance .
They married in August 2002 after dating for six months .
Dan Dorn took a job with his father in Los Angeles , and his wife moved to Southern California with him .
Three years later , in the fall of 2005 , Abbie became pregnant .
" They were very much in love , " recalled her mother .
But what happened to Abbie when her triplets were born would tear the young family apart .
According to her parents and their lawyers , during the delivery Abbie began bleeding severely and went into cardiac arrest , which deprived her brain of oxygen .
Medical personnel were not able to resuscitate her for nearly 20 minutes , according to the Cohens and their lawyers .
After Abbie Dorn was revived , her condition initially seemed to improve .
Her organs were functioning .
Her blood was clotting .
But over the next three days , she took a turn for the worse
With his wife 's parents overseeing her medical care , Dan Dorn found himself a young father raising triplets .
He believed Abbie 's prospects of recovery were faint .
One year to the day after the triplets were born , Dan notified the Cohens that he was ready to move on .
" I still love Abbie very much , but I am trying to move on and have been and will continue to parent our children , who are happy and are thriving , " Dan Dorn told CNN in an e-mail .
At Dan 's request , the Cohens initiated divorce proceedings on Abbie 's behalf .
The divorce was finalized in the fall of 2008 .
Dorn and the Cohens continue to disagree over whether or not Abbie is making progress in her treatment .
They also cannot agree on whether she has the ability to interact with her children .
Dan Dorn maintains in his legal papers that it is not in his children 's best interest to see their mother now .
" The neurosurgeons told me in 2007 that she would not recover .
I have asked for an updated neurological report , " he told CNN by e-mail .
The judge granted that request at Tuesday 's hearing .
CNN has obtained the 2007 medical report in which neurologist Richard Helvie described Abbie Dorn 's condition as " permanent . "
Observing a list of mental functions , Helvie noted that she was " so impaired as to be incapable of being assessed " for most of the evaluation .
Abbie Dorn 's parents and therapists tell a different story about her recovery .
" Abbie has made dramatic progress since 2008 , " said her mental health counselor , Dr. Robert McCarthy .
McCarthy is part of a $ 33,000 - a- month rehabilitation program designed by Susan Cohen .
He is treating Abbie using a method called neurofeedback , which trains the brain to function more efficiently .
" With the introduction of neurofeedback , she has become increasingly alert , can voluntarily bounce her legs up and down , has regained movement in her arms , and can even verbally respond ' yes ' or ' no , ' " McCarthy said .
Court battles like the one between Dorn and the Cohens are rare but not without precedent .
In 1979 , the California Supreme Court ruled in favor of a quadriplegic father , William T. Carney , stating that physically disabled parents cannot be deprived of their children because of their disability .
But there are key differences between these cases : Carney 's case dealt with custody of a physically disabled parent , while the Dorns ' involves visitation by a mentally incapacitated parent .
Dan Dorn contends in court documents that the legal drama is more about what the Cohens want rather than what Abbie might have wanted for her children .
" Abbie and I were happily married and very much in love .
She would want the best for me and our children , " he told CNN in an e-mail .
Paul Cohen visits the triplets every three months .
The Cohens have asked Dorn to send videos of the children and allow the family to see each other via webcam but so far , they say , that has n't happened .
" There 's no reason for the triplets not to have a relationship with their mother , whatever that relationship may be , " said Lisa Helfend Meyer , the Cohens ' attorney .
Dorn 's attorney , Vicki J. Greene , responded that he " wants to be the one to parent the children and tell them at an appropriate age the proper details of their life .
From our perspective , he gets to make the decisions .
He 's the father . "
Dorn , who is seeking child support from Abbie 's estate , stated in court documents that he has not told the children what happened to their mother because they are too young to understand .
He says he will consider taking the children to see Abbie when they are older -- if he receives medical evidence that she will be able to communicate with them .
The Cohens argue that if the children are properly prepared for the situation , the experience will not be detrimental .
They have requested that the children see a psychologist to help prepare them .
For now , the Cohens will continue to hold on to hope for their daughter .
" I ca n't let her lose her children , " Susan Cohen said .
At the time , Dennis was attempting the comeback from his disastrous stint as mayor of Cleveland , an office which Dennis handed on a silver platter to George Voinovich in 1979 .
Dennis is reprising his stubbornness from his mayoralty over the current health care bill .
Like he is today , Dennis as mayor , took a single issue ( the continued existence of a public utility , Cleveland Public Power ) to the then logical extreme of leading the city of Cleveland into default .
Yes , Dennis was right at the time .
Yes , Cleveland Public
Power is still with us , thanks to Dennis .
Yes , Dennis has been proven right over time .
All that " being right " also led to George Voinovich , a Republican mayor of the largest Democratic vote base in Ohio , in the most important presidential state in the country , Ohio .
Dennis , in effect proven by facts , created with his own hand a kryptonite for Democrats statewide .
By giving birth to George Voinovich and a Voinovich GOP machine which could count on Democratic votes from the Democratic base , Dennis Kucinich , through his own stubbornness , doomed Ohio to two solid decades of Republican misrule , which in turn led to Ohio being the turning point for at least two Republican presidencies , each of which has been utterly disastrous for this country .
Just take one look around Ohio .
Now that I 'm running for office , I have no incentive to criticize Dennis over his current idiocy on health care reform .
Dennis represents a good chunk of my county council district .
My voters like Dennis .
And I 'd love to have Dennis ' support .
But I 'd much rather have Dennis ' vote on this health care bill .
Because if Dennis gets his way on health care , and this bill fails , Dennis will again , as he did in Cleveland in 1978 , doom this country to further Republican misrule .
Only this time , Dennis will be doing it with full knowledge aforethought .
Dennis knows that if this bill fails , Democrats across this country will pay a heavy price .
It may cost Barack Obama re-election .
That 's just the politics .
More importantly , if this bill fails , Dennis will doom the rest of us , for the foreseeable future , to a health care system that is fundamentally broken .
Dennis will claim that he again is in the right .
Despite Dennis being completely unable to posit a scenario in which his position for single payer will ever be implemented , yes , he may still be right .
The rest of us will pay for Dennis being right .
I know .
I 've paid that price as a Clevelander , and an Ohioan , for a very long time .
I 'm running for office in part to help clean up the mess " Dennis being right " left behind .
But you are wrong , Dennis , to vote against this health care bill .
The saddest part is that you know it .
Campaign website .
Donate page .
The Archigram Archival Project makes the work of the seminal architectural group Archigram available free online for public viewing and academic study .
The project was run by EXP , an architectural research group at the University of Westminster .
It was funded by the Arts and Humanities Research Council and made possible by the members of Archigram and their heirs , who retain copyright of all images .
This morning I found out what happens when you search for " hamster vacuum " on YouTube .
It was glorious .
From that search , here are five of my favorite " hamster eating everything in its path in a vacuum - like manner " videos , after the jump .
Hamster Eating Pumpkin Seeds
Smoke , the Amazing Hamster Storing Food
Hamster Vacuum Tube
Hamster Vacuum with Sound Effects
Hamster Eating in a Straight Line
BONUS : Hamster - Powered Vacuum Cleaner
More Videos of Cute Animals Eating
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Cyber Savvy Youth
This Cyber Safe NJ website , maintained by the Division of Consumer Affairs , provides useful tips to help consumers take an active role in protecting themselves and their information in the online world .
The Cyber Savvy Youth webpage is maintained by the DCA and provides NJ youth the resources to protect their information and that of their friends and family .
NEW YORK : More than 20 million people employed in the fishing industry may need to be retrained for other work over the next 40 years if the final collapse of fish stocks in the world 's oceans is to be avoided , the United Nations has warned .
The UN 's environment branch , UNEP , gave a preview on Monday of its green economy report to be published in October .
It said if the world remained on its path of overfishing , fish stocks could become uneconomic to exploit , or extinct , by 2050 .
Pavan Sukhdev , head of the initiative , said : '' Already 30 per cent of the ocean fisheries have collapsed and are producing less than 10 per cent of their original ability . ''
At the heart of the analysis is the $ 27 billion ( $ 31 billion ) in subsidies the UN estimates is being injected into fishing every year , mainly by developing countries .
CME Group has issued a statement following rumors that erroneous or irregular trades by Citigroup Global Markets Inc may have been the cause for a more than 900 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average during mid-day trading on Thursday :
“ While our policy is not to comment on individual participation in our markets , in light of volatile market conditions , CME Group confirmed that activity by Citigroup Global Markets Inc. in CME Group stock index futures markets does not appear to be irregular or unusual in light of market activity today . ”
Image caption Madagascar security forces have been fighting against a rebel police faction
Calm has been restored after clashes in the Madagascar capital Antananarivo between rival security forces .
Madagascar 's army and police exchanged gunfire with a rebel police faction .
The faction has retreated to its barracks and is trying to negotiate a way out , a military officer says .
Madagascar has been in political turmoil since opposition leader Andry Rajoelina assumed power in January 2009 , with military backing .
Dissident members of the elite intervention force National Gendarmes Intervention Force ( FIGN ) were thought to be protesting against the country 's political crisis .
Colonel Richard Ravalomanana , who was leading the military operation against the rebel faction , says there were 21 dissidents .
" We never meant to attack but they started opening fire on us .
We only retaliated for half an hour when we decided to move towards their base , " he told the AFP news agency .
The dissidents had set up barricades around their base in Antananarivo .
Reports suggest both members of the security forces and civilians were injured in the clashes .
Mr Rajoelina has faced criticism at home and abroad for not having resolved the country 's political crisis .
Earlier this month , he announced he would not run in elections planned for later this year .
Maybe it 's because they seem primordial , or because you did really well in rocks for jocks , or actually know a thing or two about geology .
Or perhaps just because it 's there , and well , so are you .
But for some ( perhaps magnetic ) reason , where there is an accessible volcano , there are travelers ( and sometimes locals ) bathing in its hot - springs , scaling its slopes and marveling at its lava flows .
As you make your way around this still - forming planet , consider the following fairly accessible volcanoes for part of your next been - there - done - that party .
It goes without saying that climbing or getting close to an active volcano carries risks , but most travelers find that those risks pale in comparison to lava , fumaroles , lava tubes , tumbling rocks and the kshgrrrrburbleburble that volcanoes whisper and shout to you when you 're nearby .
Below you 'll find a list of accessible volcanoes for your hiking and viewing pleasure in the Americas .
Sadly , Kilauea in Hawai'i is politically but not geographically in the Americas , so we 'll have to save that for a special ring of fire edition of the volcano walking for the mildly intrepid .
For now you 'll have to make do with these beauties .
Mount St. Helens - Washington , USA
Since May of 1980 , when Washington state 's Mt. St. Helens blew her cone and covered Seattle with ash that my friends tell me looked like snow , she has gained respect from locals and travelers alike .
On a clear day , she is visible in the distance , from Seattle and Portland , Oregon as well , a flattened giant that blew her top .
Since 1987 , the southern slopes of Mt. St. Helens have been open to climbers who wish to climb close to ( but not into ) the crater .
Monitor Ridge is a popular trail that starts at Climber 's Bivouac , and takes between 7 and 12 hours to climb .
Climbers can gain views of the crater , blast area and other nearby volcanic peaks , but those wishing to climb above 4,800 feet ( the rim is at 8,365 ) must seek a permit .
More details are on the Mt. St. Helens website .
Mt. Redoubt - Alaska , USA
Mt. Redoubt is an active stratovolcano that erupted violently in March 2009 , and is probably best seen from nearby , as opposed to up close .
Until recently , climbing Redoubt required some technical expertise , fixed rope climbing and a peakside scramble to the top , but there 's no telling what things will be like after the eruption finally stops , so do your research before packing your gear .
For now , views of Redoubt volcano ( from the Russian Sopka Redutskaya meaning fortified place ) are best taken from afar .
The 9,000 - foot volcano is less than 200 miles from Anchorage .
You can also get a ( less sulphuric ) peek from home at the Alaska Volcano Observatory webpage .
Tequila Volcano - Mexico
In Mexico , there are a number of volcanoes that can be easily accessed , including Tequila Volcano , where visitors can actually drive to the edge of the crater and peer inside to see the forests that have sprung up inside .
Not surprisingly , this volcano is located a stone 's throw from the town of Tequila , better known for another kind of liquid fire .
Rock climbers will want to summit the plug , a lava column that formed inside the mouth of the volcano and was then thrust upward by geologic pressure .
Its sheer walls are not for the uninitiated , nor the acrophobic .
Other climbable volcanoes in Mexico
Also near the state of Jalisco is the Nevado de Colima volcano ( inactive ) , which can be climbed , and Volcan de Fuego , which is active , and therefore best seen from down below .
High - altitude treks would take climbers to the peaks of Iztaccihuatl and Orizaba ( the highest peak in Mexico at 18,404 feet ) , but these are not for the inexperienced , the guideless or those who are short of time as they require a few days .
Volcan Arenal - Costa Rica
This starring player in Costa Rica 's ecotourism route is far too active and explosive to be climbed safely .
It is often socked in with clouds , but nighttime visits to the nearby hot springs bring vantage points to see the small lava explosions and red - hot rocks tumble forth from the cone .
The area has grown in recent years with Costa Rica 's runaway tourism , and you may find more souls with whom to say oooh and aaaah than you were expecting .
Several hotels and outfitters in the town of Arenal , and nearby Fortuna , run tours , and the Arenal Observatory Lodge offers volcano views from right inside .
Horseback riding and bicycling are popular in this area , with all eyes trained towards the volcano , day and night .
Pacaya - Guatemala
Guatemala's Pacaya volcano's ash - lined slopes have been calling to travelers since the gringo trail first appeared .
Volcano - lovers generally stay in the colonial town of Antigua , where tours can easily be arranged , and which is a pleasant , oft - visited spot on its own .
The hike up Pacaya starts with a steep climb through a pine forest , up through a strenuous section up slippery ash - lined slopes ( two steps forward , one step back ) .
Views from the top extend down to the pacific lowlands and all the way to El Salvador .
A guide is recommended as the volcano 's activity is unpredictable , and the route may not always be clear .
Also , historically there have also been muggings on this volcano , so going with a tour is a safer option .
For those aspiring vulcanologists for whom one Guatemalan volcano is not enough , you might consider taking a five - day tour with an outfitter that leads hikers up Pacaya , Sta.
Maria , Acatenango and Fuego with camping on the slopes of the volcanoes .
Ometepe - Nicaragua
Nicaragua is home to several active volcanoes , including Masaya , which can be toured at night , and which has lava tubes which visitors can explore .
A headlamp is a nice touch , as it keeps your hands free , but a flashlight is fine as well .
Nicaragua 's Ometepe Island in Lake Nicaragua attracts volcano lovers as well for the two volcanoes that comprise the island ( Ometepe means two mountains ) , Maderas and Concepción , neither of which tops 6,000 feet .
Concepción is the world 's highest lake island and is considered a fairly perfect example of a cone volcano .
It remains active .
Maderas is terraced in places where farmers take advantage of fertile growing conditions on her slopes .
For those visitors for whom these three volcanoes in Nicaragua have not quelled their need to see the world 's geology lab might consider also visiting Cosigüina , in the northwest corner of the country .
This volcano 's violent eruption in 1859 spewed ash and rock , and contributed to the formation of some of the islands in the Gulf of Fonseca .
It 's now considered dormant , and is only 900 meters high , and covered in dense vegetation .
Boiling Lake - Dominica
Of sixteen active volcanoes in the Carribean , Dominica is home to nine , and since no significant eruptions have taken place since Columbus ' time , the rainforests are lush and mostly undisturbed .
Visitors to this eco-destination can visit Morne Trois Pitons National Park , a World Heritage site since 1997 , which is named for the remains of what was once an enormous volcano .
The park contains several volcanic features , including the hot springs at the Valley of Desolation and a 13 km , 3 - 4 hour hike up to the world 's second - largest boiling lake , a bubbling , burping greyish - blue 200 - foot - wide lake which geologists believe to be a flooded fumarole .
Locals consider it to be a right of passage , but except for the guides , you wo n't find many repeat visitors .
It 's messy business , especially since in addition to being highly volcanic , Dominica is also the rainiest of the Carribean islands .
Stinking hole is another feature here , a lava tube in the middle of the forest that leaks sulphuric fumes .
For those who prefer their waters a little clearer , Dominica also offers an unusual underwater view of volcanic activity in the form of Champagne , an underground vent system that releases ticklish sulphuric bubbles that visitors can snorkel through .
This is accessible by tour , or by kakaying out to the access point .
Soufrière Hills - Monserrat
The formerly dormant Soufrière Hills volcano on Monserrat came back to life in 1995 , triggering fears of an imminent eruption , and chasing half of the island 's 12,000 inhabitants away .
In 1997 , the volcano made good on its threats , and covered the southern part of the island , including Plymouth , the 200 - year - old capital , with a giant , lava - spilling eruption .
Ever since the volcano stabilized , travelers teem there to see the aftermath , and investments pour in from abroad to keep the economy going .
Guests at Hot Rock Hostelget front row seats to the spectacle , and hiking and boat tours are also available .
For details on what the volcano is doing at any given time , you can also visit the Montserrat Observatory site .
An overview ( if brief ) glimpse of the contrast between the two sides of the island , destroyed and unscathed is perhaps best gleaned from up above , which you can achieve by flying to one of the nearby islands , such as Dominica , a volcanic powerhouse in itself ( see above ) .
In fact , some experts suspect that Dominica is primed for an eruption on a similar scale to that suffered on Montserrat .
Villarica Volcano - Chile
Villarica Volcano is 19 km from Pucón , Chile 's adventure sports capital in the Lakes District , in the middle - south of this stringbean of country .
Outfitters charge a pretty penny to suit you up with mountaineering boots , a nifty waterproof jumpsuit , helmet , and piolet , or ice axe .
A several hour - long climb takes you up to about 9,000 feet , and when the snow cooperates , much of the descent is done on little sleds on snow chutes set up by the guides , and stopped ( hopefully ) through self - arrest with an ice axe , which has led to more than one emergency - room visit in recent years .
Thousands of hikers climb this volcano every year , though weather turns many people back before reaching the top .
Depending on the wind , the sulfur fumes can be blinding , and the temperatures punishing up at the top .
Other volcanoes in Chile that can be climbed in a relatively short time period include Guallatiri in the far north , and Lincancabur and Lacsa from touristy San Pedro de Atacama .
The Llaima and Chaiten volcanoes ( in the south ) have both erupted very recently and at the moment are not considered climbable .
There is also a short ski season during the southern winter up on the slopes of Villarrica and Osorno ( near Puerto Varas ) volcanoes .
The mother of all volcanoes , and the highest ( probably active ) volcano in the world is Ojos del Salado on the Argentine / Chilean border , but this is a several day trip that requires serious mountain gear .
Cotopaxi - Ecuador
Ecuador is home to Pichincha , Riminahui , Cotopaxi and Chimborazo volcanoes , and of these , Cotopaxi is perhaps the most emblematic and the most frequently climbed , though is does require an overnight at a refuge .
At 19,347 feet , it is the second highest volcano in Ecuador ( the first is Chimborazo ) , but not on the continent .
That honor goes to Ojos del Salado , on the Chile / Argentina border ( see above )
From Quito , you can hire a guide , though since the starting point of the hike is at nearly 15,000 feet , a number of days ' acclimation in Quito beforehand , as well as climbing some smaller , nearby mountains would be wise .
Hikes up Cotopaxi start the day before , gain several hundred feet of elevation over the course of a few hours , and then have climbers resting / sleeping from 6 PM to around midnight .
At 1 AM climbers begin their summit attempt .
It generally takes approximately 7 hours to summit and 3 to arrive back to the parking lot .
For those who just want to get close and then put the volcano behind them , some Quito outfitters offer mountainbike trips down from the park 's entrance .
El Misti - Peru
Beautifully symmetrical El Misti Volcano is 19,101 feet high , and is accessible from the white city of Arequipa in Perú , which itself is 2400 meters above sea level , which will help travelers to acclimate .
Misti ( which means the gentleman in Quechua ) last erupted in 1870 and is the source of much of the white stone of which the city itself ( the second largest in Peru ) is constructed .
This trip takes two days and one night , and gives hikers the chance to descend into one of the three concentric craters , should energy abound .
The first day involves a 4 ×4 trip to the end of the road , followed by a 6 - 8 hour hike , a night of sleep at 4800 meters , and a 4 AM wakeup to make the summit in about five hours .
Participants can expect to drink copious amounts of coca tea and be cold , even in their - 15C sleeping bags .
Tour agencies recommend booking this trip before arriving in Arequipa , as it is quite popular .
For a list of volcanoes of the world , visit the Global Volcanism Project .
For a list of volcanoes with recent and ongoing volcanic activity , please see the International Volcano Research Centre 's website .
If you 've climbed one of these volcanoes , or another in the Americas , let us know in the comments .
Read about author Eileen Smith and check out her other BootsnAll articles .
Photo credits : Mt. St. Helens by barcar on Flickr , Redoubt on wikicommons , Tequila by mickou on Flickr , Arenal by pawpaw67 on Flickr , Pacaya by Bruno Grin on Flickr , Conception by tarariffic7 on Flickr , Dominica on wikicommons , Monserrat on wikicommons , Cotopaxi on wikicommons , Villarica by andyinsouthamerica on Flickr , El Misti on wikicommons
Correction Appended
Where was the Flash ?
Web designers  and a fair number of Web users  noticed something missing from Steven P. Jobs ’s demonstration of the Apple iPad Wednesday .
On some of the Web sites he displayed on the tablet computer ’s screen , blank squares appeared where video or animated content would normally be displayed .
The holes , observers correctly assumed , meant that the iPad would not display videos , animations or any other features created using Flash , a type of multimedia software made by Adobe .
Flash is one of the world ’s most ubiquitous applications , appearing on 98 percent of all computers .
YouTube videos run on it .
It is what animates millions of graphics and advertisements on Web sites around the world .
Adobe says the technology supports nearly 75 percent of video on the Web and 70 percent of online gaming sites .
But Apple ’s support for Flash has been flagging .
While Flash is present on nearly every Apple desktop and laptop computer , the company decided that Flash would not be used on the iPhone .
Apple has argued that the Flash technology is too slow and unduly taxes laptops and netbooks .
The company also has concerns over Flash ’s vulnerability to viruses and other malware , as well as the way Flash - based content can voraciously consume battery life .
Adobe , unsurprisingly , disagrees  and has its own theory about why Apple remains hostile to Flash .
Adrian Ludwig , group manager for the Flash platform product at Adobe , said he believed Apple ’s opposition was a way for the company to control its iTunes system .
“ I think it ’s pretty clear that Apple wants to regain control of the content consumers see online and the content Apple offers for their devices , ” Mr. Ludwig said .
A mock - up of how the projection could look as results come in The results of the general election are to be projected on to St Stephen 's Tower , which houses Big Ben , for the first time , by the BBC .
The number of seats won by the three largest Westminster parties will be updated over the course of the night .
The images , illustrating the state of the parties , will be beamed from the moment the first result is declared until about 0530 BST the next morning .
The BBC said it was " delighted " with the initiative .
With four days of campaigning left , the latest opinion polls suggest the election remains finely balanced and that a hung parliament - where no party has an overall majority - remains a possibility .
' Historic '
The idea behind projecting the results is to provide a clear and simple source of information and an arresting image .
The projections , which will not carry BBC branding , will be beamed onto the side of St Stephen 's Tower , at the Houses of Parliament , which houses the world - famous bell known as Big Ben .
They will provide a running tally of the number of seats won by Labour , the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats , along with those gained by the smaller parties and independents combined .
In the minutes after polls close on 6 May , the details of an exit poll conducted by NOP / Mori will be beamed onto Big Ben , under an agreement between the BBC , ITN and Sky News .
The results projection , which will be removed after dawn on 7 May , will feature a " winning line " , representing the 326 seats that any party will need to win to be sure of an outright victory .
The idea was approved by the parliamentary authorities , responsible for the management of its buildings .
" This is an historic election , " said Craig Oliver , editor of the BBC's Election Night programme .
" We 're delighted Parliament is joining with the BBC to project the results onto Big Ben for the first time ever . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fisker Automotive will be shipping between 70 and 100 cars before the end of 2010 as part of a large scale test of their Karma model hybrid electric car according to Ray Lane a managing partner in the U.S. venture capital fund Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , who are large shareholders in the still relatively new car company .
The cars will be produced by Valmet Automotive in Finland , Valmet is contracted to build the Karma and will begin mass production in February 2011 by which time Fisker is hoping to be building and selling approximately 15,000 cars per year .
Fiskers main rival is Tesla Motors , although the companies are taking slightly different routes to market with Fisker using plug - in hybrid technology and Tesla using 100 % battery power .
This differing strategy will give Fisker a slight advantage on range with the base version of the Karma sedan reaching 300 miles ( combined hybrid ) range , the Tesla Model S base model is said to have a 160 mile range although it is important to note that you can upgrade the Tesla ’s battery pack to a 160 , 230 or 300 mile range depending on your budget .
The Karma 4 - door sedan will be Fisker ’s first model with a number of new models due by 2012 , currently referred to as “ Project Nina ” these 3 cars will be more affordable than the $ 87,900 USD asking price of the Karma but will also be a step down in the luxury stakes .
The most affordable Project Nina car will reportedly be $ 39,900 after US tax credits .
The US Department of Energy awarded Fisker a half billion dollar loan in late 2009 aimed at encouraging the less expensive Project Nina cars and bringing them to market , the cars will also feature a minimum of 65 % US made parts .
Fisker will be using battery systems developed by A123 Systems ( NASDAQ : AONE ) who will also be supplying batteries to GM , Daimler AG , BMW and GE .
The order books for the Fisker Karma are already 1,600 names long it might be a little while before you can walk into a showroom and buy one although if Fisker manage to come within 50 % of their production target for 2011 it is n’t hard to imagine that Karma sedans will become a common sight on the streets of California .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity –
-
In a column last month I wrote about Anthony Graber , a Maryland man who was arrested for posting a video of a traffic stop to YouTube .
Graber was pulled over on his motorcycle by Maryland State Trooper Joseph David Ulher .
Uhler drew his gun during the stop .
Graber was wearing a camera on his helmet .
Graber thought
Uhler 's actions were excessive , so he posted the video to the Internet .
Days later , police raided the home of Graber 's parents .
Graber was arrested , booked , and jailed .
He was charged with violating Maryland 's wiretapping statute .
In an interview he gave to blogger Carlos Miller shortly after , Graber said , " The judge who released me looked at the paperwork and said she did n't see where I violated the wiretapping law . "
In my previous column , I interpreted that to mean the judge had dropped the charge .
Apparently that is n't the case .
Graber is due in court next week .
He faces up to five years in prison .
State 's Attorney Joseph Cassilly has also charged Graber with " Possession of an Interception Device . "
That " device " would be Graber 's otherwise - perfectly - legal video camera .
Graber 's case is starting to spur some local and national media discussion of the state 's wiretapping law .
As I mentioned in my column last month , his arrest came at about the same time the Jack McKenna case broke nationally .
McKenna , a student at the University of Maryland , was given an unprovoked beating by police during student celebrations after a basketball game last February .
McKenna would probably still be facing criminal charges and the cops who beat him would likely still be on the beat were it not for several cell phone videos that captured his beating .
According to Cassily 's interpretation of the law , if any of those cell phones were close enough to record audio of the beating , the people who shot the videos are felons .
Now we have another video of an arrest during the Preakness Stakes in which a Baltimore police officer can be heard telling the camera - holder , " Do me a favor and turn that off .
It 's illegal to record anybody 's voice or anything else in the state of Maryland . "
That simply is n't true , and it 's outrageous that Maryland law enforcement keeps perpetuating this myth .
Perhaps that officer was merely misinformed .
But Maryland police spokesmen and prosecutors are giving the impression that the state 's wiretapping law is ambiguous about recording on - duty police officers .
It really is n't .
They 've just chosen to interpret it that way , logic and common sense be damned .
Maryland is an all - parties - consent state , which means you have to get permission from all parties to a conversation before you can record it .
But unlike Illinois and Massachusetts , Maryland 's law does include a privacy provision .
That is , if the non-consenting party does not have a reasonable expectation of privacy with respect to the conversation that has been recorded , there is no violation of the law .
State and federal courts across the country have determined that there is no reasonable expectation of privacy in public spaces .
This is why someone can snap your photo in public without your consent .
The Graber - Uhler traffic stop would fall under the " oral communication " provision of the law .
Here 's how the statute defines that term :
" Oral communication " means any conversation or words spoken to or by any person in private conversation .
Seems pretty clear , does n't it ?
Graber is now represented by the Maryland ACLU .
Yesterday , I spoke with David Rocah , who is handling Graber 's case .
" To charge Graber with violating the law , you would have to conclude that a police officer on a public road , wearing a badge and a uniform , performing his official duty , pulling someone over , somehow has a right to privacy when it comes to the conversation he has with the motorist , " Rocah says .
Not to mention the gun .
Under Casilla 's view of Maryland law , not only is a cop permitted to pull a gun on you for a misdemeanor traffic offense , but his privacy rights protect you from documenting the encounter .
To date , no Maryland court has ruled that a police officer has a right to privacy in his on - duty interactions with the public .
I 've been researching this issue for a couple of months now , and to my knowledge no other state or federal court has , either .
Massachusetts courts have upheld the convictions of people charged with recording cops under the state 's wiretapping laws , but Massachusetts does not have a " reasonable expectation of privacy " provision in its law .
Illinois passed the toughest wiretapping law in the country specifically because the Illinois Supreme Court ruled that cops have no right to privacy in their interactions with the public .
In response , the state legislature revoked the expectation of privacy provision from the wiretapping law for the express purpose of making it illegal to record cops on the job .
But in Maryland it actually gets even more absurd .
In 2000 , Maryland Attorney General Joseph Curran , Jr. was asked to issue his opinion ( PDF ) on whether a plan by the Montgomery County Police Department to install recording devices on patrol officers would violate the wiretapping statute .
To date , Curran 's opinion has not been modified or changed .
Curran determined that because protocol for the plan required officers to inform motorists they were being recorded , it did not .
But Curran was also asked to determine what would happen if an officer inadvertently recorded someone without informing him first .
Curran again said the officer would not have violated the statute .
But a footnote to that opinion included the following language :
It is also notable that many encounters between uniformed police officers and citizens could hardly be characterized as " private conversations . "
For example , any driver pulled over by a uniformed officer in a traffic stop is acutely aware that his or her statements are being made to a police officer and , indeed , that they may be repeated as evidence in a courtroom .
It is difficult to characterize such a conversation as " private . "
I suspect most people would find this to be common sense .
No one expects what they say to a cop during a traffic stop to be private .
But when you combine that with how some Maryland cops and prosecutors are interpreting the law , such as in Graber 's case , you get a perverse result :
When a cop pulls you over or detains you for questioning , he — the public servant with the badge and the gun—retains a right to privacy for the entire encounter .
You do n't .
This does not sound like a serious interpretation of the law .
But it 's apparently the interpretation among Maryland law enforcement officials .
A cynic might conclude that law enforcement officials in Maryland are reacting to the McKenna embarrassment by threatening and cracking down on anyone who videotapes on - duty cops , and they 'll interpret the law in whatever way allows them to do so .
At least until a court tells them otherwise .
Whatever their motivation , their legal justification is dubious .
The McKenna case is a strong argument in favor of more citizen monitoring of on - duty police .
The police not only beat the kid , they then lied about it in police reports .
The security camera footage of McKenna 's beating , which is controlled by University of Maryland Campus POlice , mysteriously disappeared .
The officer in charge of the camera system is married to one of the officers involved in the beating .
Does anyone really think the charges against McKenna would have been dropped — and the officers who beat him suspended — if it were n't for the cell phone videos ?
There are strong constitutional arguments in favor of a basic right to record on - duty police officers .
But the prosecution of Anthony Graber is also wrong by any reasonable interpretation of state law , and by any sane concept of good public policy .
This is the state that 's home to the notorious Prince George 's County Police Department , for God 's sake — the department that spent five years under federal oversight because of the repeated use of excessive force among its officers .
Maryland Attorney General Doug Gansler should put an end to this faux ambiguity and declare that Marylanders who record on - duty cops are breaking no laws , much less committing felonies .
He should also make it clear that so long as they do n't physically interfere with an arrest or police action , they also are at no risk of having their recording equipment confiscated or destroyed .
If he does n't , the state legislature should do it for him .
Law .
the killing of another human being under conditions specifically covered in law .
In the U.S. , special statutory definitions include murder committed with malice aforethought , characterized by deliberation or premeditation or occurring during the commission of another serious crime , as robbery or arson ( first - degree murder , or murder one ) , and murder by intent but without deliberation or premeditation ( second - degree murder , or murder two ) .
Slang .
something extremely difficult or perilous :
That final exam was murder !
The FBI sought the public 's help Tuesday in identifying a bank robber who wore a crash helmet during a heist at an Alpine bank and then escaped on a bicycle .
The robber , described as 17 to 25 years old , entered the California Bank and Trust in eastern San Diego County on Monday and yelled , " Give me your money ! " the FBI said .
He lifted his shirt as if to show a gun , but no weapon was seen .
When the teller did not move fast enough , he slammed his fist on the counter and grabbed money from the drawer .
He fled on a red BMX - type bicycle and was last seen westbound on Arnold Way in Alpine .
He wore a full - face crash helmet and a bandanna or goggles to cover his face .
Anyone with information is asked to call the FBI at ( 858 ) 565-1255 .
-- Tony Perry in San Diego
Photo : Surveillance camera catches bank robber in the act .
Credit : FBI
The Romans , as Monty Python famously acknowledged , have done many things for us .
Contrary to popular wisdom , however , improving our diet was not one of them .
A study of the remains of almost 20,000 people dating from the 8th century BC to the 18th century AD has found that the Roman empire reduced our level of nutrition , which increased again in the " dark ages " .
That is because the key factor in determining average height over the centuries – an indicator of nutritional status and wellbeing – has been an increase in milk consumption due to improved farming .
Higher population densities and the need to feed the army during Roman times may have worked against this .
The " anthropometric " approach pursued by Nikola Koepke of Oxford University , which combines biology and archaeology , suggests longer bone length is indicative of improved diet .
Koepke 's study , presented at the Economic History Society 's 2010 annual conference , also challenges assumptions about the effect of the industrial revolution .
Urbanisation did not improve wellbeing , she argues , at least as measured by height .
Rather , Koepke says , the key factor in determining average height growth over the past 2,500 years has been the increased consumption of milk as a result of the spread of , and improvements in , farming .
She found that overall European living conditions improved slightly in the past 2,500 years even in the centuries prior to the industrial revolution .
Her study is based on data compiled from analysing the skeletal remains of more than 18,500 individuals of both genders from all social classes , from 484 European archaeological dig sites .
" Higher milk consumption as indicated by cattle share had a positive impact on mean height , " Koepke writes .
" Correspondingly , this determinant is the key factor in causing significant European regional differences in mean height . "
For the record , I did NOT file this under the " News and Politics " section .
: DAll we need here is another Gorilla and a cup and I 'd have us a Viral ....
Recon 2010
Recon 2010 Presentations :
Richard Thieme - Ethical Considerations of Intelligence and Information Security
Pierre - Marc Bureau and Joan Calvet - Understanding Swizzor 's Obfuscation Scheme
Ero Carrera and Jose Duart - Packer Genetics : The Selfish Code
Gynvael Coldwind and Unavowed - Syndicate Wars Port :
How to port a DOS game to modern systems
Dino Dai Zovi - Mac OS X Return - Oriented Exploitation
Nicolas Falliere - Reversing Trojan .
Mebroot's Obfuscation
Yoann Guillot and Alexandre Gazet - Metasm Feelings
Sean Heelan - Applying Taint Analysis and Theorem Proving to Exploit Development
Assaf Nativ - Memory analysis - Looking into the eye of the bits
Ricky Lawshae - Picking Electronic Locks Using TCP Sequence Prediction
Danny Quist - Reverse Engineering with Hypervisors
Devian Ollam - Distinguishing Lockpicks - Raking vs Lifting vs Jiggling , and More
Sebastien Porst -
How to really obfuscate your malware PDF files
Jason Cheatham and Jason Raber - Reverse Engineering * with Hardware Debuggers
Stephen Ridley - Escaping the Sandbox
Igor Skochinsky - Intro to Embedded Reverse Engineering for PC reversers
Michael Sokolov - SDSL reverse engineering
Jonathan Stuart - DMS , 5ESS and Datakit VCS II : interfaces and internals
William Whistler - Reversing , better
Georg Wicherski - dirtbox , a highly scalable x86 / Windows Emulator
Sebastian Wilhelm Graf - Rainbowtables re-implemented
NEWS
28/05/2010 : We are oppening a second training " Windows Internals for Reverse Engineers by Alex Ionescu " on the 12 to 14 of July .
We just finished the selection of talks for Recon 2010 , we will soon add the full description of the talks .
The price of the conference entrance and of the trainings will increase tomorrow .
19/05/2010 : Both Alex Ionescu and Rolf Rolles trainings are sold out .
19/05/2010 :
We are currently selecting the talks , and starting to contact the selected speakers .
12/05/2010 : Hotel room can now be reserved online using the code " mnf57sdlkk999 " .
04/05/2010 : Only 11 Days before the end of the Call For Papers .
We have received very good submissions so far .
We have decided to keep early registration price for training and april price for the conference until the end of the CFP , the day after the speakers announcement the price will increase , there are only 55 tickets left so do n't wait too mutch to register .
There are still seats available in all the training , but some of them are trainings are filling up quickly .
02/03/2010 : Trainings have now been announced .
We are keeping Febuary rate until Friday to allow people that where waiting for training to register under the super early registration rate .
15/02/2010 : Registration is now open .
Trainings will be announced later this week .
04/02/2010 : CFP for Recon 2010 has been released .
04/02/2010 : Alex Ionescu will be training on Windows Internal for Reverse Engineer .
04/02/2010 : Gerardo Richarte will be training on Binary vulnerabilities and Exploit Writing .
04/02/2010 : Rolf Rolles will be training on Binary Literacy : Static Reverse Engineering .
28/06/2008 : Videos are now online on archive.org ; download the avi files as other format videos are corrupted .
We had technical problems that led to degraded video quality , so sorry for the inconvenience ...
WHAT
RECON is a computer security conference being held in Montreal .
The conference offers a single track of presentations over the span of three days .
RECON also offers a variety of technical training courses that take place just before the conference dates .
WHEN
Conference : 9-11 July 2010
Training : 6 - 8 July 2010 .
WHERE
Recon will be held in Montreal , Canada at the DoubleTree Plaza Montreal .
REGISTER
Conference registration is now open , visit the conference page for details
Response to a criticism of left - libertarianism posted at The Libertarian Standard by Juan Fernando Carpio .
Juan Fernando Carpio at The Libertarian Standard has a problem with left - libertarianism with ‘ libertarian ’ in quotes .
He umbrellas soi disant left - libertarians as “ regressing to unsound , and thus , unfair economics ” .
I ’ve never exchanged thoughts with him before , so I ’ll apologize in advance if I make incorrect assumptions on ( or straw man ) his theories and rationale .
But , after reading his post , I ’m left with an all - too - familiar bad taste in my mouth of libertarianism regressing to pseudo - Beltway reformism , conservatism or maybe even vulgar social Darwinism — I ’m not completely sure .
Left - libertarianism , according to Mr. Carpio , is a “ trend among young and ‘ eternally rebel ’ types to try and conflate Capitalism and Interventionism ” , ignorant of “ the role that Murray N. Rothbard and others played in advancing Libertarianism by providing Austrian insights to the fundamental issue of value , and thus of ethics and justice ; an International Relations analysis of the key role of war as a destructive force abroad and at home ; and other key elements … when they ‘ discover ’ or regress to pre-Austrian individualist authors ” .
He argues that Ludwig von Mises and Ayn Rand , “ path - breaking thinkers , both could easily devise new or old - new terms for what they were describing , yet they both advocated Capitalism [ as ] a system of private property in the means of production , as opposed to Socialism ( a system of public or State - owned property in the means of production ) . ”
The initial reasoning flaw of Mr. Carpio is multi-facted :
He concedes that capitalism was ‘ devised ’ in the early 20th century “ as opposed to Socialism ” .
He misdefines socialism as Mises and Rand did .
The fact is that “ socialism ” was n’t a concrete system and never has been .
Lacking authoritarian measures meant lacking in dictatorial systems of ‘ how things will happen ’ .
These “ pre-Austrian individualist authors ” were socio-political commentators harshly scrutinizing what they saw to be wrong , authoritative and deviating for the liberty of the individual .
They saw property , wealth and monopoly privilege trickling up to the elite .
Though , we have enlightening criticism from these philosophers of the State , what they provided was unique — and in many ways , accurate — observations of how the State was exploited by capitalists as a tool indirectly dominate society .
What “ anarcho - capitalists ’ refer to as “ mercantilism ” was not misunderstood by these libertarians , free marketeers and collectivists .
It ’s what they called “ capitalism ” .
It ’s what capitalism was , is and always will be , to a large extent .
Capitalism is defined by Mr. Carpio as ‘ private ownership of the means of production ’ for basically no other reason than Mises , Rand and Rothbard said so .
The definition before these philosophers was more true to the derivative , ‘ capital ’ , and therefore , conventional wisdom is not so far off from its real meaning .
Even if we ’re to get abstract and question whether words are primarily defined by their derivatives or by common understanding , “ capitalism ” is just not equal to liberty or free markets .
The derivative is materialistic , not humanistic ; I would go as far as to call it an inherently dehumanizing system , based solely on being an ‘ - ism ’ based on capital .
And the conventional wisdom is a system of domination forced on the masses by the powers that be — power and privilege bought by the wealthy capitalist oligopoly .
At this point of understanding , it should be understood that we ’re not just playing semantics ; and clinging to ‘ capitalism ’ is “ of course is not only a conceptual , but also a strategic mistake ” .
Not to mention , unjust “ regressing to unsound , and thus , unfair ” political philosophy .
Rothbardian ethics and theories of justice and activism were not “ capitalist ” .
They were not “ socialist ” .
If you want to attach a pre-existing ‘- ism ’ to Rothbardian philosophy , it would be “ humanism ” or “ individualism ” .
His analysis of ethics was first and foremost .
From these , he analyzed the status quo , history and activism toward the future .
Removing property from the hands of the State is Rothbardian ethics taken to logical conclusions .
This covers a lot of land theft injustices throughout society , but once you get into the stolen land by non-governmental agents and free ideas to the commons from these agents , complete non-governmental ownership of the means of production is not a libertarian endgame .
Even under this extremely liberal definition of “ capitalism ” , adopted by Mr. Carpio — that property is simply not owned , rented or distributed by the State — it ’s ignorant of Rothbardian ethics by shaping them into conservative platitudes .
The ethics derived from the discovered sovereignty of the individual over all authority makes libertarianism , politically , a philosophy with justice as its center , not ‘ out there ’ on the periphery .
Removing property from governmental and non-governmental criminals applies justice to the anti-social elements corrupting the moral fabric of individual sovereignty .
The direct and indirect violence attached to the acquisition and maintained possession of this stolen property carries undeniable social costs via , what Rothbard called , “ continuing aggression “ .
Returning the stolen property to its rightful owners and holding the criminals liable for their damages , is not an act in the interest of rolling over capital , but primarily acts of applying social justice .
I agree with Mr. Cario that libertarianism is “ unfinished and far from error - free ” , but clinging to an socio- economic system defined by factors of production with the sole purpose of rolling it over and combining that with hating government is libertarian regression , not a ‘ sounder grounding ’ .
I also accept the truism that “ exchanges ” are the “ source of wealth ” , but forced exchange through government privilege drives the excess of wealth concentrated into the hands of a relative few .
Government - granted monopolies on land and ‘ intellectual property ’ force the direction of exchanges in order to eat , read , prevent and heal sickness , manufacture , distribute .
Government applied fees narrows the marketplace to cartels while legislation curbs the free assembly of laborers .
Government paramilitary forces overtly shut down resistance to curbing free association in the workplace , organizing , non-aggressive means of negotiating for increased bargaining power by force .
Forget that these workplaces are already removed of bargaining power , largely due to the prior mentioned interventions by the State , in the interest of maximizing capital .
A principle “ taken up , adapted and developed within libertarian left currents ” — echoed by Prof .
Noam Chomsky , a very conservative voice associated with the libertarian left , but a principle against which I see no argument consistent with libertarian ethics — is : “ According to this anarchist vision , any structure of hierarchy and authority carries a heavy burden of justification , whether it involves personal relations or a larger social order .
If it can not bear that burden — and it sometimes can — then it is illegitimate and should be dismantled .
When honestly posed and squarely faced , that challenge can rarely be sustained . ”
I do n’t speak for many interpretations among left - libertarians of culture , economics and title , but encouraging free association is not a “ distrust of the vertical division of labor ” .
Scrutinizing every facet of hierarchy in the workplace is vital because the hierarchy exists , first and foremost , and hierarchy is authoritative .
Is hierarchy and division of labor ‘ wrong ’ or ‘ immoral ’ by themselves ?
No , but scrutinizing these concepts where they are practiced , to any degree , is n’t “ misplaced antagonism ” .
Some institutions can meet the burden of proof that the authority asserted is ethical .
Others ca n’t and when they can’t , dismantling them , holding the agents liable for damages , the distribution of restitution to the damaged , the criminals ’ retribution and allowing for the institutions to be replaced in accordance with ethical will ought to be encouraged .
Denying the right to any individual ’s right to self - determination is to deny that person of liberty and deny one ’s own liberty .
Demeaning this rationale toes a much more dangerous line between liberty and slavery than does maximum scrutiny .
In accordance with Rothbardian ethics , Aristotelian virtue , objective morality and just being a decent human being , I feel it ’s imperative to never accept a person ’s received compensation for any act of labor as justified prima facie .
I ’m not applying guilt to the authority over the individuals because my parents could ’ve been nicer to me , but because the burden of proof is on any person or collective exercising any form of authority to justify their role and invalidate the claim against them .
Personally , I encourage laborers , pencil - pushers and desk jockeys everywhere — who bear the majority of the burden in just about every culture for the sake of producing relatively less than those above them in the hierarchy — to scrutinize the authority over them .
Where they find injustice , I encourage them to seek justice ; and , yes , apply it themselves if necessary in ways that are n’t immoral or self - defeating , but steadfast in the pursuit of justice .
Why are capitalists so intimidated by cooperation among paycheck - to - paycheck types of people collectivizing their bargaining power , not only in a free market but as a means to free the market ?
Why are capitalists so knee - jerky to terms like “ self - management ” ?
Is it because the liberty of self - management does n’t guarantee the preservation of what they prefer a free society to look like ?
Is n’t this liberty taking a back seat to capitalism ?
Does n’t this separate a free market libertarian from a minarchist capitalist ?
Defining liberty and rulers solely within the confines of the State is “ regressing to unsound , and thus , unfair ” ethics .
It ’s our workplace that largely rules : when we eat , when we sleep , when we read for pleasure , when we socialize for pleasure , when we see the new art exhibit , when we play with the children in our family , when we see the play that opened , when we actually get to watch that movie we grabbed form the Red Box a week ago , when we write , when we think to write , when we edit , when we read others , when we think with the least distraction about that , when we call our significant other , how often we cook , the clothes we have to buy , how often we have to walk them to the dry cleaners , when we can exercise , how we talk , when we talk , when we catch up with ourselves , when we cope , when we grieve , when we connect … .
Is it so un-libertarian to step our on a limb and say it ’s in a critical mass of individuals ’ rational self - interest to maximize control over an external factor that governs the vast majority of each of our lives ?
Kenton Cool has previously skied down an 8,000 - metre mountain A mountaineer from Gloucestershire has scaled Everest for the eighth time , breaking his own British record .
Kenton Cool , 36 , from Fairford , completed the challenge earlier at about 0600 local time ( 0100 BST ) .
He was leading an expedition of four others including Berkshire 's Bonita Norris , 22 , who has become the youngest British woman to reach the summit .
Mr Cool 's wife Jazz said the group , accompanied by Sherpa supporters , had left base camp on Thursday .
Mrs Cool , who is expecting the couple 's first child in about five weeks ' time , said : " I got a call from the summit last night and he sounded absolutely jubilant and really delighted that he had managed it for the eighth time . "
Bonita Norris is the youngest British woman to reach the summit
She said everyone in the expedition had reached the peak .
Ms Norris , from Wokingham , reached the summit at about 1130 local time ( 0630 BST ) , she added .
Ms Norris ' mother Jacqui Andrews said : " We are so proud of Bonita in completing this amazing achievement .
" When Bonita told us back in 2008 that she wanted to climb Mount Everest , I have to admit we had reservations - it 's such a dangerous thing for anyone , yet alone our daughter , to undertake .
" But , despite our initial misgivings , we 've been behind Bonita every step of the way and we can't wait to welcome her home in a couple of days ' time . "
The other members of the expedition are two American men and an Australian woman .
In 2006 , Mr Cool became the first Briton to ski down from the summit of an 8,000 - metre peak in Tibet .
In 2007 , he became the first British guide to successfully lead a client up the North Face of the Eiger in Switzerland , commonly referred to as the " Death Wall " .
The client was Sir Ranulph Fiennes and the expedition raised £ 2 m for the charity Marie Curie Cancer Care .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over the last week , during my visit to Paris , I 've been using both my regular camera and the EVO 4G I got at Google I/O for taking shots and videos of the beautiful French capital .
So what kind of pictures can you expect from the EVO , which has an 8 MP camera and a dual LED flash ?
Just click on the images below to find out .
Camera Details And Performance
The performance of the camera during the day far exceeded my expectations - the pictures come out very sharp and crisp , for a mobile phone camera - it almost seems like there is an image stabilization packed somewhere in there .
Of course , performance varies depending on conditions , substantially suffering in the dark , and no , it wo n't replace a dedicated camera .
The camera automatically focuses , or you can pick a manual focus point by holding your finger over a specific location on the screen .
The autofocus works really well in my experience , unlike the one on the HTC Hero .
The dual LED flash is very - very bright for a cell phone camera - just look at the pictures taken in complete darkness .
I was able to take pictures in pretty dark places without too many problems - the camera flashes once to focus , and then the second time to take the picture .
Pretty worry free if you 're out on the town and want to take some photos of your friend passed out under a dark chair at a bar .
Since EVO 4G sports a speedy Snapdragon processor , taking pictures with it is pure pleasure - the camera app loads in a split second , taking the picture and moving on is very snappy , as is switching between the camera and the photos already taken .
The camera software is what you would expect from an Android 2.1 phone , with an additional option of switching to the front facing 1.3MP camera .
As MG Siegler of Techcrunch noted in his post , switching between the 2 cameras takes far too many clicks .
Fortunately , you almost never have to do that , so not having yet another button wasting the screen real estate is actually a plus in my book .
One interesting fact is that EVO can take pictures in widescreen mode , and it does so by default .
This is controlled by the " Widescreen " option in the settings .
The max resolutions when switched to the 8MP mode are 3264x1952 in widescreen mode and 3264x2448 in regular mode - that 's a lot of pixels .
The front facing 1.3MP camera 's max resolution is 1280x960 .
The ISO starts at 100 and goes all the way up to 1250 , and of course has an Auto mode .
Another thing I wanted to add was that it turned out to be much harder than I thought to take pictures as horizontally as I 'd want them to be , compared to my Canon .
Some pictures end up being crooked , even though I could swear I was holding the phone fine .
One annoying thing about the EVO , especially apparent while taking pictures , was pressing the touch - sensitive buttons when I did n't mean to .
This happens all the time and pulls up a Google Search box , goes home , or back - really annoying .
I wish there was a way to have those buttons require a long press while in the camera mode .
Note :
If you want to view the full size pictures outside of the lightbox , right click on the thumbnail you want and select Copy Link Location or Save As .
Be warned that they are quite large ( remember the 8 megapixels ? )
Note :
If you want to view the full size pictures outside of the lightbox , right click on the thumbnail you want and select Copy Link Location or Save As .
Be warned that they are quite large ( remember the 8 megapixels ? )
Day Shots
EVO really shines when taking shots with good lighting available .
Inside Shots
Inside shots still do pretty well , though some artifacting and graininess can be noticed .
Shots While Moving
Moving shots are still pretty crisp and not blurry .
Night Shots
Here are the best night shots I 'd taken .
There are lots of artifacts and graininess which makes me wonder if the ISO the camera switches to may be too high for its sensor size .
A lot of shots , which I have n't included here , do n't come out right in the dark , so you definitely want to use a separate camera if you are planning on taking those .
Shots In Complete Darkness
I was very impressed with how the dual LED flash performed .
It lit up a completely dark small space pretty well , albeit giving the photos an unnatural whitish tint .
There is simply no competition compared to my previous Android phone - the HTC Hero , which has no flash at all .
These photos are lower res , as I took them a while ago before I tweaked the settings .
720P HD Video Recording
Sample 720P HD videos are coming in a separate review , as I 'm having trouble uploading to YouTube during my trip .
Stay tuned .
Final Words
EVO 4G 's 8 MP camera is the best camera I 'd ever used in a mobile phone , especially during the day .
It is very snappy , which makes it a pleasure to use .
The auto focus works better than expected as well .
Having said that , EVO 's camera is not a proper replacement for a good dedicated camera , even a point - and - shoot one .
However , having access to a camera of this caliber at all times right in your pocket is priceless .
What do you , our readers , think about EVO 's camera ?
How does it stack up against yours ?
The comments are always open for you .
I ’m pleased to announce the immediate availability of Grails 1.3 !
Followers of Grails releases will recall that it has not been long since the last major release of Grails ( Grails 1.2 was released in December ) , but given the need to get the latest and greatest version of Groovy in the hands of developers , Grails 1.3 can be seen as the Groovy 1.7 release .
The Groovy team did a fantastic job in bringing all sorts of excellent new additions to the Groovy language such as annonymous inner/nested classes , an AST builder and power asserts ( my personal favourite ) , all of which are now available in your Grails application .
Other than all the goodness of Groovy 1.7 there are a number of significant new features that further advance the Grails platform , including :
There will be follow - up articles describing all of these features in more details over the coming days / weeks .
For now you can refer to the following links for more information on the release :
With Grails 1.3 out we will be continuing to distribute maintenance releases of the 1.2.x and 1.3.x branches of Grails , in conjunction with developing major new plugins .
The first of these has already come to fruition with the release of the Spring Security Core plugin for Grails , a new modular plugin built on Spring Security with pluggable authentication layers for Open ID , OAuth etc .
Users of Grails can anticipate exciting new plugin releases in the areas of persistence ( NoSQL ) , cloud , performance monitoring and messaging in the coming months .
Speaking of plugins Grails now has a total of 408 ( and counting ) plugins , and a growing ecosystem that we are very conscious of nurturing .
The plugin website infrastructure around the website is targeted for improvements that will continue to allow the community to thrive .
Beyond plugins , we will also be formally starting the planning process for Grails 2.0 , which will be a major new revision of the framework focusing on plugin runtime modularity , database reverse engineering / migration and build time / usability improvements .
More details to follow soon .
In the meantime , enjoy the release and thanks to all those who contributed to the release process .
PS
If you want to hear from me personally talking about what is new in Grails 1.3 make sure you attend my talk on “ What ’s new in Grails 1.3 ” at the S2G Forum in London .
HTC Tattoo
HTC is well known for its android series mobile phone and the company has launched its new android series phone known as HTC tattoo which is very popular around the world .
HTC mobile phone is popular because it provides its own user interface for their android smart phones and that ’s the highlight for its popularity .
It is the mid budget series mobile having android OS that performs various operations similar to windows operating system .
The mobile device is available in various colors like black , white , silver , graphite .
There are many features in this mobile like GPS , maps , Google browser and also we can download software from softpedia .
HTC TATTOO is launched officially in the year 2009 .
HTC TATTOO mobile is providing android operating system that is more effective when compared windows operating system .
Let us see the features of this mobile phone ,
Features :
The main advantage of this mobile is we can change the cover of the mobile according to our wish .
2.8 inch display with touch screen , 240*320 resolution having 65 k colors .
Track ball is replaced with four way navigation with an enter button .
Long slim volume key which is placed right side of the smart phone .
3.5 mm jack port is provided by replacing ordinary port .
Camera is provided with 3 mega pixel but with no flash and mirror A Small speaker is provided near the camera .
Micro SD slot is provided at the back cover which we can extend up to 16 GB .
The resolution of the camera is2048 * 1536 pixels .
Operating system is android – cupcake 1.5 .
Smart phones includes varies features like browser , calendar , calculator and maps .
Fm radio is very clear and it is having RDS .
Weather can be detected by using the OS .
It provides GPRS , EDGE and also 3G having speed HSDPA 7.2 mbps and HSUPA 384 kbps .
Wi -Fi and blue tooth is also included .
It has MSM 7225 processor which runs at a speed of 528 MHz An MP3 player is there which supports formats like mp3 , AAC.
AAC + , WMA , and real player .
Battery is LI - ON having 6 hrs talk time for 2G and 5 hrs for 3G .
The device measures 106*55.2 * 14 mm with weight of 113gm .
The maximum resolution of camera is 352*228 pixels .
Advantages :
Cost is very cheap when compared to the other smart phones .
Battery back up for 3G is higher while comparing to other leading mobile phones .
The cover is replaceable so that it can looks like a new mobile .
The mobile is very compact so that we can carry easily .
Main advantage of this mobile is android OS .
Display resolution of the mobile is very clear .
WebPages like BBC , CNN , and WIKIPEDIA can also be viewed in this phone .
Disadvantages :
Memory slot on the back side is also a draw back .
The display of the mobile is very small .
Track ball is not provided .
Loud speaker is not producing enough sound .
Design is not so good .
[ youtube qYprZzXsbKs 400 300 ]
There are many other features in this phone such as digital compass which helps to find the exact direction , dedicated search key to find the menu , a particular image , videos can also be found using this option .
Touch screen of this mobile is very sensitive so that we can select the menu easily and also integrated services such as Gmail , Google browsers are very much useful for the users .
Google browser helps the user to search the information by connecting to the internet .
3G helps the user to access internet faster when compared to WIFI and EDGE services also we can download information at a rate of 7.2 mbps using this facility .
Tags : HTC , HTC Tattoo , smart phone , Tattoo
Solar energy will play a crucial role in the energy mix of tomorrow as solar energy is available in unlimited quantities .
With the aid of concentrator solar cells , even more sunlight can be converted into electricity .
Climate change and ever scarcer fossil resources will determine the energy mix of the future .
Solar energy will play an integral role in this regard .
Dr. Andreas Bett and Dr. Frank Dimroth of the Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE in Freiburg developed metamorphic triple - junction solar cell consisting of III - V compound semiconductors : gallium indium phosphide , gallium indium arsenide and germanium .
This special structure makes it possible to optimize the use of almost the entire solar spectrum for energy production .
Researchers have been able to transform more sunlight into power than ever before , at a record degree of efficiency of 41.1 percent .
In recognition of their work , they are receiving the 2010 Joseph von Fraunhofer Prize .
This high degree of efficiency is made possible by stacking multiple top-quality solar cells on top of each other .
“ Our triple solar cell consists of more than 20 individual layers , all of which we have optimized , ” says Dr. Frank Dimroth .
“ We have improved both the structure of the semiconductor as well as the material quality , the metal contacts and the antireflection coatings , in order to arrive at this result . ”
Originally , these compound solar cells were engineered for use in space — most satellites in space are loaded with them .
They supply the operating power .
Since the production process is comparatively expensive , these cells had not been used on earth before .
The combination of highly efficient cells with a lens amplifier ensures that — in comparison to conventional solar modules — only one five - hundredth of the semiconductor surface will be needed .
The cells within their own specially designed concentrator modules measure only three square millimeters in size .
A Fresnel lens is situated over these mini solar cells , at a distance of approximately ten centimeters .
This configuration concentrates the sunlight by a factor of 400 to 500 .
To prevent the cells from overheating , they are attached to a copper support that distributes the heat sufficiently well .
Thus , passive cooling of the solar cells suffices .
“ Thanks to this construction , we were able to produce modules with a degree of efficiency in excess of 29 percent , ” says Dr. Andreas Bett .
These modules have been on the market since 2007 under the brand name FLATCON , and are being used in a solar park in Spain , for example .
To facilitate the swift transfer of technology from the laboratory to industry , a demonstration laboratory was constructed at the institute , with the same machines that would be used in industry .
Here , researchers are developing and testing production processes for the construction and connection technology , module integration and quality control .
A spin -off of ISE — Concentrix Solar GmbH — produces the concentrator systems that , for example , feed solar power into the grid from a solar park in Spain with 25 percent system efficiency .
For the development of metamorphic triple - junction solar cells , the team has been closely collaborating for years with AZUR Space Solar Power in Heilbronn , the leading European manufacturer of solar cells for space .
This partner is aiming to bring the highly efficient solar cells to the market by 2011 .
I somehow managed to lose my Wii sensor bar .
I was surprised to find that none of the shops around here sell replacements , since they are composed of nothing more than some plastic and infrared LEDs .
Huge markup potential .
No matter !
Wii " sensor " bars are easy enough to make with materials I had lying around the house .
There are tons of these builds floating around the web but electrically I think mine 's one of the more sound ones out there .
Most people use resistors to drop the current for LEDs but I 've instead used an LM317 variable voltage regulator as a current limiter .
It 's a common use for the chip and I can see why : the thing works like a horse to keep the current at the desired level .
I was surprised that the current did n't divide when I wired the second set of LEDs in parallel ; the LM317 compensated to keep me at a cool ~ 20 mA per LED .
I opted not to use another LM317 for voltage control since it 's more or less impossible to go over 2 volts per LED with this circuit .
The LEDs themselves were scavenged from a couple super - cheap IR helicopter controllers .
The wiimote seems to love them .
I did n't have a battery holder so I used Super Sculpey and chopsticks to make one .
In hindsight , it was probably a waste of valuable Super Sculpey , but it works .
Behold , the ugliest Wii sensor bar ever created !
Awesome !
Now we can play some Wii. Edit :
Here is the schematic in case anyone 's interested .
Critique / criticism welcome !
TOLEDO , OH - Citing the need to devote himself to reelection , President Obama has announced the formation of a blue ribbon panel to run the ...
' Police : Girl raped , then relocated '
By TRENT SPINER
Monitor staff
Last modified : 5/25/2010 12:00:00 AM
After being raped and impregnated by a fellow churchgoer more than twice her age , a 15 - year - old Concord girl was forced by Trinity Baptist Church leaders to stand before the congregation to apologize before they helped whisk her out of state , according to the police .
While her pastor , Chuck Phelps , reported the alleged rape in 1997 to state youth officials , Concord police detectives were never able to find the victim .
The victim said she was sent to another church member 's home in Colorado , where she was home - schooled and not allowed to have contact with others her age .
It was n't until this past February that the victim , who is now 28 , decided to come forward after reading about other similar cases , realizing for the first time it was n't her fault that she had been raped , she told the police .
The police arrested Ernest Willis , 51 , of Gilford , last week in connection with the case , accusing him of raping the girl twice - once in the back seat of a car he was teaching her to drive in and again after showing up at her Concord home while her parents were away .
He was charged with four felonies - two counts of rape and two counts of having sex with a minor , court records show .
In a statement to the police , the victim said Willis came to her home in the summer of 1997 without warning .
' He said he wanted to talk to me about something so I let him in the house , ' she wrote .
' He locked the door behind him and pushed me over to the couch .
I had a dress on and he pulled it off .
I pushed my hands against his shoulders and said ' No , ' but he did n't stop . '
At the time of the alleged rape , Phelps was in touch with the police , who told him to contact the Division for Children , Youth and Families .
But moving the girl out of state prevented the police from collecting evidence or a statement , the police said yesterday .
' Without a victim , it makes it very difficult to have a case , ' said Lt. Keith Mitchell .
' That basically made the investigation very difficult . '
At the time , Willis also refused to give a statement , police records show .
So for 13 years , a file on the case sat closed and marked ' unresolved ' at the Concord police station .
Police records do not show whether detectives asked church leaders to help them get in contact with the victim or if information was withheld .
' If somebody tried to cover this up or not cover this up , that 's a separate issue , ' Mitchell said .
Phelps did not return a message seeking comment yesterday .
He no longer works at the church .
' The leadership of Trinity Baptist Church reported this alleged crime within 24 hours of hearing the accusations on Oct. 8 , 1997 , ' said spokesman Peter Flint from a prepared statement .
' We continue in our commitment to cooperate with authorities so that justice is served . '
' Completely in shock '
The victim said she came forward after getting in touch with Jocelyn Zichterman , who runs an online group for victims of church abuse .
In a seven - page statement to the police , the victim recounted the moments leading up to her departure from New Hampshire .
At 14 , she began babysitting for Willis , a well - known member of the church .
She told the police she would often stay the night if he got home late .
Just over a year later , he offered to give her driving lessons .
While in the parking lot of a Concord business , Willis asked her to pull over to switch seats , she told the police .
But instead he pulled her into the backseat and raped her , according to a statement to the police .
In the summer of 1997 , Willis raped her again , this time while at her home while her mother was out , according to police records .
' I was completely in shock , but too scared to go and tell anyone because I thought I would get blamed for what happened , ' she said .
Over the next few months , the girl became suspicious she was pregnant .
She called Willis , who brought over a pregnancy test that came up positive , she told the police .
' He asked me if I wanted him to take me to a neighboring state where underage abortions were legal . . . and he would pay for an abortion , ' she told the police .
' He then asked me if I wanted him to punch me in the stomach as hard as he could because that might cause a miscarriage . '
She declined both .
' Church discipline '
The victim told her mother about the pregnancy .
Soon after , Phelps was also alerted .
The victim said Phelps told her she would be put up for ' church discipline , ' where parishioners go before the congregation to apologize for their sins .
She asked why .
' Pastor Phelps then said that ( Willis ) may have been 99 percent responsible , but I needed to confess my 1 percent guilt in the situation , ' the victim told the police .
' He told me that I should be happy that I did n't live in Old Testament times because I would have been stoned . '
Fran Earle , the church 's former clerk , witnessed the punishment session .
At a night meeting of the church 's fellowship in 1997 , Phelps invited Willis to the front of the room .
Willis apologized to the group for not being faithful to his wife , Earle said .
' I can remember saying to my husband , I do n't understand it 's any of our business why this is being brought up , ' Earle said .
Phelps then told parishioners a second matter was at hand ; he invited the victim to apologize for getting pregnant .
' I can still see the little girl standing up there with this smile on her face trying to get through this , ' Earle said .
A day after the session , Earle called the pastor 's wife , who said the victim had decided not to press charges for statutory rape .
' You 've got to understand , we trusted our pastor and his wife to be telling us the truth , ' Earle said .
' They told us it had been reported .
He reported it as a consensual act between a man and a woman .
Well , I did n't know a 15 - year - old was a woman . '
Earle , who left the church in 2001 after 19 years , said it was regular to see young girls who were pregnant called to the front of the congregation to be humiliated .
Rob Sims , another former member , said the discipline sessions were formulaic - Phelps would read Bible verses , give a limited overview of what happened and then each person would read a statement .
'( The ) statement agreed that they had done wrong and why they ' now believed ' that they had sinned , ' he said .
' Then Pastor Phelps would give a few closing remarks and then a vote would be taken to remove the guilty party from membership or to keep them in membership but under discipline , or something to that effect . '
The police said the victim 's family asked for her to be moved to Colorado .
' I think that she clearly did not want to go to Colorado , and I 'm quite sure she expressed that to the church , her mother and the pastor , ' said Concord police Detective Chris DeAngelis .
' However , she was a juvenile .
Her mom requests assistance and that was what they came up with . '
Mitchell said the police are looking at pressing other charges .
Willis was released on $ 100,000 personal recognizance bail .
He faces an arraignment June 16 in Concord District Court .
Trent Spiner can be reached at 369-3306 or tspiner@cmonitor.com
Introduction
As you might be aware , the C++ language is being updated by the ISO standard .
The codename for the new C++ language is C++0x , and many compilers have already introduced some of the features .
This tutorial is an attempt to give you an introduction to the new changes in the C++ language .
Please note that I am explaining the new features for the Visual C++ 2010 compiler only , although they are applicable for other compilers as well .
I do not comment for absolute syntax in other compilers .
This article assumes that you have moderate knowledge of C++ , and that you know what type casting is , what const methods are , and what templates are ( in a basic sense ) .
New features in C++
Following is the list of the new C++ language features that I will be discussing .
I 've put more emphasis on lambdas and R - values , since I do not find any digestible stuff anywhere .
For now , I 've not used templates or STL for simplicity , but I would probably update this article to add content on templates / STL .
Let 's get started !
The ' auto ' keyword
The auto keyword now has one more meaning .
I assume you do know the original purpose of this keyword .
With the revised meaning , you can declare a local variable without specifying the data - type of the variable .
For example :
auto nVariable = 16 ;
The code above declares the nVariable variable without specifying its type .
With the expression on the right side , the compiler deduces the type of the variable .
Thus the above code would be translated by the compiler as :
int nVariable = 16 ;
As you can also deduce , the assignment of the variable is now mandatory .
Thus , you cannot declare the auto variable like :
auto nVariable ;
Here , the compiler does not ( cannot ) know the data type of the variable nResult .
Please note that , with the auto keyword :
The data type of a variable is determined at compile time , not at runtime .
Having said that , no matter how complicated your assignment is , the compiler would still determine the data type .
If the compiler cannot deduce the type , it would emit an error .
This is not like in Visual Basic or web scripting languages .
A few examples
auto nVariable1 = 56 + 54 ; auto nVariable2 = 100 / 3 ; auto nVariable3 = 100 / 3 . 0 ; auto n Variable4 = labs (- 127 ) ;
Let 's get slightly complicated ( continuing with the above declared variables ) :
auto n Variable5 = sqrt( nVariable3 ) ; auto nVariable = sqrt( nVariable4 ) ;
Pointer deductions :
auto pVariable6 = &nVariable1 ; auto pVariable = & pVariable6 ; auto * pVariable7 = &nVariable1 ;
Reference deductions :
auto & pVariable = nVariable1 ;
With the new operator :
auto iArray = new int [ 10 ] ;
With the const and volatile modifiers :
const auto PI = 3 .
14 ; volatile auto IsFinished = false ; const auto nStringLen = strlen ( " CodeProject.com " ) ;
Not allowed scenarios
Arrays cannot be declared :
auto a Array1 [ 10 ] ; auto a Array2 [ ] ={ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 } ;
Cannot be a function argument or return type :
auto ReturnDeduction ( ) ; void ArgumentDeduction ( auto x ) ;
If you need an auto return type or auto arguments , you can simply use templates ! ;)
You cannot have auto in a class or struct , unless it is a static member :
struct AutoStruct { auto Variable = 10 ; } ;
You cannot have multiple data - types ( types that can be deduced to different types ) :
auto a= 10 , b= 10 . 30 , s= " new " ;
Likewise , if you initialize variables with different functions , and one or more function returns different data types , the compiler would emit the same error ( C3538 ) :
auto nVariable = sqrt( 100 . 0 ) , n VariableX = labs ( 100 ) ;
You can use the auto keyword at a global level .
This variable may seem to be a boon for you , but can be a curse if misused .
For example , a few programmers assume the following declares float , but actually declares double .
auto nVariable = 10 . 5 ;
Similarly , if a function returns int , and then you modify the function return type to return short or double , the original automatic variable definition would go wary .
If you are unlucky , and place only one variable in the auto declaration , the compiler would just deduce that auto- variable with the new type .
And , if you are lucky , and mixed that variable with other variables , the compiler would raise a C3538 ( see above ) .
So , when should we actually use the ' auto ' keyword ?
1 . When the data - type may change depending on the compiler and / or target - platform
For example :
int nLength = strlen ( " The auto keyword . " ) ;
would return a 4 - byte integer on a 32 - bit compilation , but would return an 8 - byte int on a 64 - bit compilation .
Sure thing , you can use size_t , instead of int or __int64 .
What if the code is compiled where size_t is n't defined , or strlen returns something else ?
In that case , you can simply use auto :
auto nLength = strlen ( " The auto keyword . " ) ;
2 . When the data - type is complex to express , or it makes the code clutter
std::vector<std::string >
Strings ; for ( std:: vector < std : : string > ::iterator iter = Strings.begin( ) ; iter != Strings.end ( ) ; ++iter ) { std::cout << * iter << std::endl ; }
You know that typing the type std ::vector < std :: string >:: iterator iter is cumbersome , error prone , and makes code less readable .
Though , the option exists to typedef the return type somewhere else in the program and use the type name .
But for how many iterator types ?
And , what if the iterator - type is used only once ?
Thus , we shorten the code as follows :
for ( auto iter = Strings.begin( ) ; iter != Strings.end ( ) ; ++iter ) { std::cout << * iter << std::endl ; }
If you have been using STL for a while , you know about iterators and constant iterators .
For the above example , you might prefer to use const_iterator , instead of iterator .
Thus , you may want to use :
for ( vector < string >::const_iterator iter = Strings.begin( ) ; iter != Strings.end ( ) ; ++iter ) { std::cout << * iter << std::endl ; }
Thus making the iterator const , so that it cannot modify an element of the vector .
Remember that when you call the begin method on a const object , you cannot assign it to a non-const iterator , and you must assign it to a const_iterator ( const iterator is not the same as const_iterator ; since I am not writing about STL , please read / experiment about it yourself ) .
To overcome all these complexities , and to aid the auto keyword , standard C++ now facilitates the cbegin , cend , crbegin , and crend methods for STL containers .
The c prefix means constant .
They always return const_iterator , irrespective of if the object ( container ) is a const or not .
Old methods returns both types of iterators , depending on the constness of the object .
The modified code :
for ( auto iter = Strings.cbegin( ) ; iter!=Strings.cend ( ) ; ++iter ) {...}
Another example can be an iterator / constant iterator on :
map<std::vector<int > , string > mstr ; map<vector < int > , string >::const_iterator m_iter = mstr.cbegin( ) ;
The iterator assignment code can be shortened as :
auto m_iter = mstr.cbegin( ) ;
Just like complex templates , you can use the auto keyword to assign hard - to - type , error prone function pointers , which might be assigned from other variables / functions .
I assume you do understand what I mean by this , thus no example is given .
3 . To assign Lambdas to a variable
Refer to the explanation about lambdas below in this article .
4 . To specify Trailing Return Types
Though not related to lambdas , learning lambda expression syntax is required .
So I will be discussing this one after lambdas .
External references
The ' decltype ' keyword
This C++ operator gives the type of the expression .
For example :
int nVariable1 ; ... decltype ( nVariable1 ) nVariable2 ;
declares nVariable2 of int type .
The compiler knows the type of nVariable1 , and translates decltype( nVariable1 ) as int .
The decltype keyword is not the same as the typeid keyword .
The typeid operator returns the type_info structure , and it also requires RTTI to be enabled .
Since it returns type - information , and not type itself , you cannot use typeid like :
typeid ( nVariable1 ) nVariable2 ;
whereas , decltype deduces the expression as a type , perfectly at compile time .
You can not get the type - name ( like ' int ') with decltype .
decltype is typically used in conjunction with the auto keyword .
For instance , you have declared an automatic variable as :
auto xVariable = SomeFunction ( ) ;
Assume the type of xVariable ( actually , the return type of SomeFunction ) is X . Now , you can not call ( or do n't want to call ) the same function again .
How would you declare another variable of the same type ?
Which one of the following suits you ?
decltype ( SomeFunc ) yVar ; decltype ( SomeFunc ( ) ) yVar ;
The first one declares yVar of type function - pointer , and the second one declares it to be of type X .
As you can assess , using the function name is not reliable , since the compiler will not give an error or warning until you use the variable .
Also , you must pass the actual number of arguments , and the actual type of arguments of the function / method is overloaded .
The recommended approach is to deduce the type from the variable directly :
decltype ( xVariable ) yVar ;
Furthermore , as you have seen in the auto discussion , using ( typing ) the template types is complicated and ugly , and you should use auto .
Likewise , you can / should use decltype to state the proper type :
decltype ( Strings.begin( ) ) string_iterator ; decltype ( mstr.begin ( )->second.get_allocator ( ) ) under_alloc ;
Unlike the previous examples , where we used auto to deduce the type from the expression on the right side , we deduce the type without assigning .
With decltype , you need not assign the variable , just declare it - since the type is already known .
Note that the function is not being called when you use the Strings. begin ( ) expression , it is just deducing the type from the expression .
Similarly , when you put the expression in decltype , the expression will not be evaluated .
Only the basic syntax check will be performed .
In the second example above , mstr is a std : : map object , where we are retrieving the iterator , the second member of that map element , and finally its allocator type .
Thus , the deduced type is std:: allocator for string ( see above where mstr is declared ) .
Few good , though absurd , examples :
decltype ( 1/0 ) Infinite ; decltype ( exit ( 0 ) ) MyExitFunction ( ) ;
External references
decltype type specifier - MSDN
The ' nullptr ' keyword
The null - pointer finally got its classification in the form of a keyword !
It is mostly the same as the NULL macro or integer 0 .
Though I am covering only native C++ , it must be mentioned however that the nullptr keyword can be used in native ( unmanaged code ) as well as in managed code .
If you write mixed mode code in C++ , you may use the __nullptr keyword to explicitly state the native - null - pointer , and nullptr to express the managed null .
Even in a mixed mode program , you 'd rarely need to use __nullptr .
void * pBuffer = nullptr ; ... if ( pBuffer == nullptr ) { void SomeClass :: SomeFunction ( ) { if ( this != nullptr ) { ... } }
Remember , nullptr is a keyword , not a type .
Thus , you can not use the sizeof or decltype operator on it .
Having said that , the NULL macro and the nullptr keyword are two different entities .
NULL is just 0 , which is nothing but int .
For example :
void fx ( int *) {} void fx ( int ) {} int main ( ) { fx ( nullptr ) ; fx( NULL ) ; }
External references
nullptr keyword - MSDN
( The / clr compiler option requirement is wrong .
MSDN is not updated , as of this writing . )
The ' static_assert ' keyword
With the static_assert keyword , you can verify some condition at compile time .
Here is the syntax :
static_assert ( expression , message )
The expression has to be a compile time constant - expression .
For non-templated static assertions , the compiler immediately evaluates the expression .
For a template assertion , the compiler tests the assert for and when the class is instantiated .
If the expression is true , that means your required assertion ( requirement ) is fulfilled , and the statement does nothing .
If the expression is false , the compiler raises an error C2338 with the message you mentioned .
For example :
static_assert ( 10 == 9 , " Nine is not equal to ten " ) ;
Is it obviously not true , thus the compiler raises :
error C2338 : Nine is not equal to ten
The more meaningful assertion , which would be raised when the program is not being compiled as 32 - bit :
static_assert ( sizeof ( void *) == 4 , " This code should only be compiled as 32 - bit . " ) ;
Since the size of any type of pointer is the same as the target platform chosen for compilation .
For earlier compilers , we need to use _STATIC_ASSERT , which does nothing but declare an array of size - condition .
Thus , if the condition is true , it declares an array of size 1 ; if the condition is false , it declares an array of size 0 - which results in a compiler error .
The error is not user friendly .
error C2466 : cannot allocate an array of constant size 0
External references
Lambda Expressions
This is one of the most striking language features added to C++.
Useful , interesting , and complicated too !
I will start with the absolute basic syntax and examples , to make things clear .
Thus , the first few code examples below may not feature the usefulness of lambdas .
But , be assured , lambdas are a very powerful , yet code - concise feature of the C++ language !
Before we start , let me brief it first :
Lambdas are like locally - defined functions .
You can implement a lambda almost anywhere where a Regular Expression can be placed or a function can be called .
( Recollect the error from the VC ++ compiler saying " Local function definitions are illegal " ? )
The absolute basic lambda :
[ ]{} ;
Yes , the above code is perfectly valid ( in C++0 x only ! ) .
[ ] is the Lambda - introducer , which tells the compiler that the expression / code followed is lambda .
{} is the definition of the lambda , just like any function / method .
The lambda defined above does not take any arguments , does n't return any value , and of course , does n't do anything .
Let 's proceed ...
[ ]{ return 3 .
14159 ; } ;
The lambda coded above does simple work : returns the value of PI .
But who is calling this lambda ?
Where does the return value go ?
Let 's proceed further :
double pi = [ ] { return 3 . 14159 ; }( ) ;
Making sense ?
The return value from the lambda is being stored in a local variable pi .
Also , note in the above example the lambda being called ( notice the function - call at the end ) .
Here is a minimal program :
int main ( ) { double pi ; pi = [ ] { return 3 . 14159 ; } ( ) ; std::cout << pi ; }
The parentheses at the end of the lambda are actually making a call to the lambda - function .
This lambda does n't take any arguments , but still , the operator ( ) is required at the end so that the compiler would know the call .
The pi lambda may also be implemented like :
pi = [ ] ( ) { return 3 . 14159 ; } ( ) ;
which is similar to :
pi = [ ] ( void ) { return 3 . 14159 ; } ( ) ;
Though , it is a matter of choice if you put the first parenthesis for the argument - less lambdas , or not .
But I prefer you put them .
The C++ standard committee wanted to make lambdas less complicated , that 's why they ( might have ) made the lambda - parameter - specification optional for parameter - less lambdas .
Let 's move further , where the lambda takes an argument :
bool is_even ; is_even = [ ] ( int n ) { return n%2== 0 ; }( 41 ) ;
The first parenthesis , ( int n ) , specifies the parameter - specification of the lambda .
The second , ( 41 ) , passes the value to the lambda .
The body of the lambda tests if the passed number is divisible by 2 or not .
We can now implement the max or min lambda , as follows :
int nMax = [ ] ( int n1 , int n2 ) { return ( n1 > n2 ) ? ( n1 ) : ( n2 ) ; } ( 56 , 11 ) ; int nMin = [ ] ( int n1 , int n2 ) { return ( n1 < n2 ) ? ( n1 ) : ( n2 ) ; } ( 984 , 658 ) ;
Here , instead of declaring and assigning variables separately , I put them in a single line .
The lambdas now take two arguments , and return one of the values , which would be assigned to nMin and nMax .
Likewise , the lambda can take more arguments , and of multiple types also .
A few questions you should have :
What about the return type ?
Is only int available ?
available ?
What if the lambda can not be expressed in one return statement ?
What if the lambda needs to do something , like display a value , perform something else ?
Can I store a reference to the defined lambda , and re-use it somewhere else ?
Can a lambda call another lambda or function ?
A lambda is defined as a local - function , can it be used across functions ?
Does a lambda access the variables from where it is defined or called ?
Can it modify the variables ?
Does it support default arguments ?
How are they different from function pointers or function objects ( functors ) ?
Before I answer them one by one , let me present to you the Lambda Expression Grammar with the following illustration :
Q. What about the return type ?
You can specify the return type after the -> operator .
For example :
pi = [ ] ( ) -> double{ return 3 . 14159 ; }( ) ;
Remember , as shown in the illustration , if the lambda contains only one statement ( i.e. , only a return statement ) , there is no need to specify the return type .
So , in the example above , specifying double as the return type is optional .
It is up to you if you should specify the return type for automatic inferential return types .
An example where specifying the return type is mandatory :
int nAbs = [ ] ( int n1 ) -> int { if ( n1 <0 ) return - n1 ; else return n 1 ; }(- 109 ) ;
If you do not specify -> int , the compiler would raise :
error C3499 : a lambda that has been specified to have a void return type cannot return a value
If the compiler does not see only a return statement , it infers the lambda as having a void return type .
The return type can be anything :
[ ]( )-> int* { } [ ] ( ) ->std::vector<int>::const_iterator& {} [ ] ( int x ) -> decltype ( x ) { } ;
It can not return arrays .
It also cannot have auto as the return type :
[ ] ( ) -> float [ ] {} ; [ ] ( ) -> auto {} ;
Yes , of course , you can put a return value of lambda into an auto variable :
auto pi = [ ] { return 3 . 14159 ; } ( ) ; auto nSum = [ ] ( int n1 , int n2 , int n3 ) { return n1+n2+n3 ; } ( 10 , 20 , 70 ) ; auto xVal = [ ] ( float x ) -> float { float t ; t=x*x/2.0f ; return t ; } ( 44 ) ;
As a last note , if you specify the return - type to a parameter - less lambda , you must use parentheses .
The following is an error :
[ ]-> double { return 3 . 14159 ; } ( ) ;
Q . What if the lambda cannot be expressed in one return statement ?
The explanation above is sufficient enough to disclose that a lambda can contain any code a regular function can have .
A lambda can contain everything a function / method can have - local variables , static variables , calls to other functions , memory allocation , and other lambdas too !
The following code is valid ( absurd though ! ) :
[ ] ( ) { static int stat= 99 ; class TestClass { public : int member ; } ; TestClass test ; test.member= labs (- 100 ) ; int ptr = [ ] ( int n1 ) -> int * { int * p = new int ; *p = n1 ; return p ; }( test.member ) ; delete ptr ; } ;
Q . What if the lambda needs to do something , like display a value , perform something else ?
Can I store a reference to a defined lambda , and re-use it somewhere else ?
A lambda is defined as a local - function , can it be used across functions ?
Let 's define a lambda that determines if a number is even or not .
With the auto keyword , we can store the lambda in a variable .
Then we can use the variable ( i.e. , call the lambda ) !
I will discuss what the type of the lambda is later .
It is as simple as :
auto IsEven = [ ] ( int n ) -> bool { if ( n %2 == 0 ) return true ; else return false ; } ;
As you can infer , the lambda 's return type is bool , and it is taking an argument .
And importantly , we are not calling the lambda , just defining it .
If you put ( ) , with some argument , the type of the variable would have been bool , not lambda - type !
Now the locally defined function ( i.e. , lambda ) can be called after the above statement :
IsEven ( 20 ) ; if ( ! IsEven ( 45 ) ) std::cout << " 45 is not even " ;
The definition of IsEven , as given above , is in the same function in which two calls have been made .
What if you want the lambdas to be called from other functions ?
Well , there are approaches , like storing in some local or class - level variable , passing it to another function ( just like a function pointer ) , and calling from another function .
Another mechanism is to store and define the function at global scope .
Since I have n't discussed what the type - of - lambda is , we 'll use the first approach later .
But let 's discuss the second approach ( global - scope ) :
Example :
auto IsEven = [ ] ( int n ) -> bool { if ( n %2 == 0 ) return true ; else return false ; } void AnotherFunction ( ) { IsEven ( 10 ) ; } int main ( ) { AnotherFunction ( ) ; IsEven ( 10 ) ; }
Since the auto keyword is applicable only for local or global scope , we can use it to store lambdas .
We need to know the type so that we can store it in a class variable .
Later on .
As mentioned earlier , a lambda can almost do what a regular function can do .
So , displaying a value is n't a remote thing that lambda cannot do .
It can display a value .
int main ( ) { using namespace std ; auto DisplayIfEven= [ ] ( int n ) -> void { if ( n%2 == 0 ) std::cout << " Number is even
" ; else std::cout << " Number is odd
" ; } cout << " Calling lambda ... " ; DisplayIfEven ( 40 ) ; }
One important thing to note is that locally - defined lambdas do not get the namespace resolution from the upper - scope they are being defined in .
Thus , the std namespace inclusion is not available for DisplayIfEven .
Q. Can a lambda call another lambda or function ?
Definitely .
Provided the lambda / function name is known at the time of call , as it is required for the function call in a function .
Q. Does lambda support default arguments ?
No .
Q. Does a lambda access variables from where it is defined or called ?
Can it modify the variables ?
How are they different from function pointers or function objects ( functors ) ?
Now I will discuss the thing I kept empty till now : Capture Specification .
Lambdas can be one of the following :
Stateful
Stateless
The state defines how variables from a higher scope are captured .
I define them into the following categories :
No variable is accessed from the upper -scope .
This is the one we have been using till now .
Variable is accessed in read - only mode .
You cannot modify the upper - scope variable .
Variable is copied into lambda ( with the same name ) and you can modify the copy .
This is similar to the call - by - value mechanism used in function calls .
You have full accessibility to the upper - scope variable , with the same name , and you can modify the variable .
You should understand the four categories are derivations of the following C++ mantras :
Variable is private , you cannot access at all .
In a const method , you cannot modify the variable .
Variable is passed - by - value to the function / method .
The variable is fully accessible in the method .
Or say , the variable is passed by reference .
Let 's play with captures !
The capture specification , as mentioned in the above illustration , is given in [ ] .
The following syntax is used to specify capture - specification :
[ ] - Capture nothing .
- Capture nothing . [ = ]
- Capture everything by value .
- Capture everything by . [ & ]
- Capture everything by reference .
- Capture everything by . [ var ] - Capture var by value ; nothing else , in either mode , is captured .
- Capture by value ; nothing else , in either mode , is captured .
[ &var ] - Capture var by reference ; nothing else , in either mode , is captured .
Example 1 :
int a= 10 , b= 20 , c= 30 ; [ a ] ( void ) { std::cout << " Value of a= " << a << std::endl ; a ++ ; std::cout << b << c ; }( ) ;
Example 2 :
auto Average = [ = ] ( ) -> float { return ( a + b + c ) / 3 .0 f ; } ; float x = Average ( ) ;
Example 3 :
auto ResetAll = [ & ] ( ) -> void { a = b = c = 0 ; } ; ResetAll ( ) ;
Putting = specifies by - value .
Putting & specifies by - reference .
Let 's explore more about these .
For shortness , now I am not putting lambdas into an auto variable and then calling them .
Instead , I am calling them directly .
Example 4 :
int nSum = [ a , b ] { return a+b ; }( ) ; std::cout << " Sum : " << n Sum ;
As shown in example 4 , we can specify multiple capture specifications in a lambda - introducer ( the [ ] operator ) .
Let 's take another example , where the sum of all three ( a , b , c ) would be stored into the nSum variable .
Example 5 :
[= , &nSum ] { n Sum = a +b+ c ; }( ) ;
In the above example , the capture - all - by - value ( i.e. , = operator ) specifies the default capture mode , and the &nSum expression overrides that .
Note that the default capture mode , which specifies all - capture , must appear before other captures .
Thus , = or & must appear before other specifications .
The following causes an error :
[ &nSum , = ] {} [ a , b , c, & ] {}
A few more examples :
[& , b] {} ; [= , &b ] {} ; [ b , c , &nSum ] ; [ = ] ( int a ) {} [ & , a , c, nSum ] {} ; [ b , &a , &c , &nSum ] {} [= , & ]{} [ &nSum , =] {} [ a , b , c , & ] {}
As you can see , there are multiple combinations to capture the same set of variables .
We can extend the capture - specification syntax by adding :
[ & , var ] - Capture all by reference , except var , which is by value .
- Capture all by reference , except , which is by value . [ = , &var ] - Capture all by value , except var , which is by reference .
- Capture all by value , except , which is by reference .
[ var1 , var2 ] - Capture var1 , var2 by value .
- Capture , by value .
[ &var1 , &var2 ] - Capture var1 , var2 by reference .
- Capture , by reference .
[ var1 , &var2 ] - Capture var1 by value , var2 by reference .
Till now , we have seen that we can prevent some variables from being captured , capture by - value const , and capture by reference non-const .
Thus , we have covered 1 , 2 , and 4 of the capture - categories ( see above ) .
Capturing const reference is not possible ( i.e. , [ const &a ] ) .
We will now look into the last one - capturing in call - by - value mode .
The ' mutable ' specification
Just after the parentheses of a parameter - specification , we specify the mutable keyword .
With this keyword , we put all by - value captured variables into call - by - value mode .
If you do not put the mutable keyword , all by - value variables are constant , you cannot modify them in lambda .
Putting mutable enforces the compiler to create copies of all variables which are being captured by - value .
You can then modify all by - value captures .
There is no method to selectively capture const and non-const by - value .
Or simply , you can think of them being passed to the lambda as an argument .
Example :
int x= 0 , y= 0 , z= 0 ; [ = ] ( ) mutable -> void { x++ ; }( ) ;
After the lambda - call , the value of ' x ' remains zero .
Since only a copy of x is modified , not the reference .
It is also interesting to know that the compiler raises a warning only for y and z , and not the previously defined ( a , b , c ... ) variables .
However , it does n't complain if you use previously defined variables .
Smart compiler - I can not speak more on it !
How are lambdas different from function - pointers or function - objects ?
Function - pointers do not maintain state .
Lambdas do .
With by - reference captures , lambdas can maintain their state between calls .
Functions cannot .
Function pointers are not type safe , they are prone to errors , we must mangle with calling - conventions , and requires complicated syntax .
Function - objects do maintain states very well .
But even for a small routine , you must write a class , place some variables into it , and overload the ( ) operator .
Importantly , you must do this outside the function block so that the other function , which is supposed to call the operator ( ) for this class , must know it .
This breaks the flow of the code .
What is the type of lambda ?
Lambdas are actually classes .
You can store them in a function class object .
This class , for lambdas , is defined in the std ::tr1 namespace .
Let 's look at an example :
#include < functional > .... std::tr1::function<bool( int ) >s IsEven = [ ] ( int n ) -> bool { return n%2 == 0 ; } ; ... IsEven ( 23 ) ;
The tr1 namespace is for Technical Report 1 , which is used by the C++0 x committee members .
Please search by yourself for more information .
< bool ( int ) > expresses the templates parameter for the function class , which says : the function returns a bool and takes an argument int .
Depending on the lambda being put into the function object , you must typecast it properly ; otherwise , the compiler would emit an error or warning for type - mismatch .
But , as you can see , using the auto keyword is much more convenient .
There are cases , however , where you must use a function - when you need to pass lambdas across function calls .
For example :
using namespace std::tr1 ; void TakeLambda( function < void( int ) > lambda ) { lambda( 32 ) ; } TakeLambda( DisplayIfEven ) ;
The DisplayIfEven lambda ( or function ! ) takes int , and returns nothing .
The function class is used the same way as the argument in TakeLambda .
Further , it calls the lambda , which eventually calls the DisplayIfEven lambda .
I have simplified TakeLamba , which should have been ( shown incrementally ) :
void TakeLambda( function < void ( int ) > & lambda ) ; void TakeLambda ( const function < void ( int ) > & lambda ) ; void TakeLambda ( const std::tr1:: function < void ( int ) > & lambda ) ;
What is the whole purpose of introducing lambdas in C ++?
Lambdas are very useful for many STL functions - functions that require function - pointers or function - objects ( with operator ( ) overloaded ) .
In short , lambdas are useful for those routines that demand callback functions .
Initially , I will not cover the STL functions , but explain the usability of lambdas in a simpler and understandable form .
The non-STL examples may be superfluous and nonsense , but quite capable of clearing out this topic .
For example , the following function requires a function to be passed .
It will call the passed function .
The function - pointer , function - object , or the lambda should be of a type that returns void and takes an int as the sole argument .
void CallbackSomething ( int nNumber , function < void( int ) > callback_function ) { callback_function( nNumber ) ; }
Here , I call the CallbackSomething function in three different ways :
void IsEven ( int n ) { std::cout << ( ( n%2 == 0 ) ? " Yes " : " No " ) ; } class Callback { public : void operator ( ) ( int n ) { if ( n < 10 ) std::cout << " Less than 10 " ; else std::cout << " More than 10 " ; } } ; int main ( ) { CallbackSomething ( 10 , IsEven ) ; CallbackSomething ( 23 , Callback ( ) ) ; Callback obj ; CallbackSomething ( 44 , obj ) ; CallbackSomething ( 59 , [ ] ( int n ) { std::cout << " Half : " << n/2;} ) ; }
Okay !
Now I want that the Callback class can display if a number is greater than some N number ( instead of a constant 10 ) .
We can do it this way :
class Callback { int Predicate ; public : Callback ( int nPredicate ) : Predicate ( nPredicate ) {} void operator ( ) ( int n ) { if ( n < Predicate ) std::cout << " Less than " << Predicate ; else std::cout << " More than " << Predicate ; } } ;
In order to make this callable , we just need to construct it with some integer constant .
The original CallbackSomething need not be changed - it still can call a routine with an integer argument !
This is how we do it :
CallbackSomething ( 23 , Callback ( 24 ) ) ; Callback obj( 99 ) ; CallbackSomething ( 44 , obj ) ;
This way , we made the Callback class capable of maintaining its state .
Remember , as long as the object remains , its state remains .
Thus , if you pass an obj object into multiple calls of CallbackSomething ( or any other similar function ) , it will have the same Predicate ( state ) .
As you know , this is not possible with function pointers - unless we introduce another argument to the function .
But doing so breaks the entire program structure .
If a particular function is demanding a callable function , with a specific type , we need to pass a function of that type only .
Function pointers are unable to maintain state , and thus are unusable in these kind of scenarios .
Is this possible with lambdas ?
As mentioned previously , lambdas can maintain state through capture specification .
So , yes , it is possible with lambdas to achieve this stateful functionality .
Here is the modified lambda , being stored in an auto variable :
int Predicate = 40 ; auto stateful = [ Predicate ] ( int n ) { if ( n < Predicate ) std::cout << " Less than " << Predicate ; else std::cout << " More than " << Predicate ; } ; CallbackSomething ( 59 , stateful ) ; Predicate= 1000 ; CallbackSomething ( 100 , stateful ) ;
The stateful lambda is locally defined in a function , is concise than a function - object , and cleaner than a function pointer .
Also , it now has its state .
Thus , it will print " More than 40 " for the first call , and the same thing for the second call as well .
Note that Predicate is passed as by - value ( non-mutable also ) , so modifying the original variable will not affect its state in lambda .
To reflect the predicate - modification in lambda , we just need to capture this variable by reference .
When we change the lambda as follows , the second call will print " Less than 1000 " .
auto stateful = [ & Predicate ] ( int n )
This is similar to adding a method like SetPredicate in a class that would modify the predicate ( state ) .
Please see the VC ++ blog , linked below , for a discussion on lambda - class mapping ( the blogger calls it mental translation ) .
With STL
The for_each STL function calls the specified function for each element in the range / collection .
Since it uses a template , it can take any type of data - type as its argument .
We will use this as an example for lambdas .
For simplicity , I would use plain arrays , instead of vectors or lists .
For example :
using namespace std ; int Array [ 10 ] = { 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 } ; for_each ( Array , & Array [ 10 ] , IsEven ) ; for_each ( Array , Array + 10 , [ ] ( int n ) { std::cout << n << std::endl ;} ) ;
The first call calls the IsEven function , and the second call calls the lambda , defined within the for_each function .
It calls both of the functions 10 times , since the range contains / specifies 10 elements in it .
I need not repeat that the second argument to for_each is exactly same ( oh! but I repeated ! ) .
This was a very simple example , where for_each and lambdas can be utilized to display values without needing to write a function or class .
For sure , a lambda can be extended further to perform extra work - like displaying if a number is prime or not , or calculating the sum ( use reference - by - capture ) , or to modify ( say , multiply by 4 ) the element of a range .
Modify the lambda argument ?
Well , yes !
You can do that .
For long , I talked about taking captures by references and making modifications , but did not cover modifying the argument itself .
The need did not arise till now .
To do this , just take the lambda 's parameter by reference ( or pointer ) :
for_each ( Array , Array + 10 , [ ] ( int& n ) { n *= 4 ; } ) ;
The above for_each call multiplies each element of Array by 4 .
Like I explained how to utilize lambdas with the for_each function , you can use it with other < algorithm > functions like transform , generate , remove_if , etc.
Lambdas are not just limited to STL algorithms , they can also be efficiently used wherever a function - object is required .
You need to make sure it takes the proper number and type of arguments , and check if it needs argument modifications and things like that .
Since this article is not about STL or templates , I will not discuss this further .
A lambda cannot be used as a function - pointer
Yes , quite disappointing and confusing , but true !
You cannot use a lambda as an argument to a function that requires a function - pointer .
Through sample code , let me first express what I am trying to say :
typedef void ( * DISPLAY_ROUTINE ) ( int ) ; void CalculateSum ( int a , int b , DISPLAY_ROUTINE pfDisplayRoutine ) { pfDisplayRoutine ( a+b ) ; }
CalculateSum takes a function - pointer of type DISPLAY_ROUTINE .
The following code would work , as we are supplying a function - pointer :
void Print ( int x ) { std::cout << " Sum is : " << x ; } int main ( ) { CalculateSum ( 500 , 300 , Print ) ; }
But the following call will not :
CalculateSum ( 10 , 20 , [ ] ( int n ) {std:: cout << " sum is : " < < n;} ) ;
Why ?
Because lambdas are object - oriented , they are actually classes .
The compiler internally generates a class - model for the lambdas .
That internally generated class has operator ( ) overloaded ; and has some data members ( inferred via capture - specification and mutable - specification ) - those may be const , reference , or normal member variables and classic stuff like that .
That class cannot be downgraded to a normal function - pointer .
How did the previous examples run ?
Well , because of the smart class named std::function !
See ( above ) that CallbackSomething is actually taking function as an argument , not a function - pointer .
As with for_each - this function does n't take std:: function , but uses a template instead .
It directly calls the passed argument with parenthesis .
Carefully understand the simplified implementation :
template < class Iteartor , class Function > void for_each ( Iteartor first , Iterator , Function func ) { func( first ) ; }
Likewise , other STL functions , like find , count_if etc. , would work will all three cases : function - pointers , function - objects , and lambdas .
Thus , if you plan to use lambdas in APIs like SetTimer , EnumFontFamilies , etc. - unplan it !
Even with forceful typecasting the lambda ( by taking its address ) , it wo n't work .
The program will crash at runtime .
External references
Trailing return types
Let 's start with a simple example .
Following is a function whose return type is long .
This is not a lambda , but a function .
auto GetCPUSpeedInHertz( ) -> long { return 1234567890 ; }
It returns a long , as you can see .
It uses the new syntax of specifying a return type , known as Trailing Return Type .
The keyword auto on the left is just a placeholder , the actual type is specified after the -> operator .
One more example :
auto GetPI ( ) -> decltype ( 3 . 14 ) { return 3 .
14159 ; }
Where the return type is deduced from the expression .
Please re-read about the decltype keyword above , to recollect .
For both of the functions given above , you obviously need not use this feature !
Where to actually use it ?
Consider the template function :
template < typename FirstType , typename SecondType > AddThem ( FirstType t1 , SecondType t2 ) { return t1 + t2 ; }
The function adds two arbitrary values , and returns it .
Now , if I pass an int and a double as the first and second arguments , respectively , what should the return type be ?
You 'd say double .
Does that mean we should make SecondType the return type of the function ?
template < typename FirstType , typename SecondType > SecondType AddThem ( FirstType t1 , SecondType t2 ) ;
Actually , we cannot .
For the obvious reason that this function may be called with any type of argument on the left or right side , and either type can be of a higher magnitude .
For example :
AddThem ( 10 . 0 , ' A ' ) ; AddThem ( " CodeProject " , " .com " ) ; Add Them ( " C++ " , ' X ' ) ; AddThem ( vector_object , list_object ) ;
Also , the operator + ( in the function ) may call another overloaded function that may return a third type .
The solution is to use the following :
template < typename FirstType , typename SecondType >< typename /> auto AddThem ( FirstType t1 , SecondType t2 ) -> decltype ( t1 + t2 ) { return t1 + t2 ; }
As mentioned in decltype 's explanation , that type is determined though the expression ; the actual type of t1+t2 is determined that way .
If the compiler can upgrade the type , it will ( like int , double upgrades to double ) .
If type / types are of class ( es ) , and + leads an overloaded operator to be called , the return type of that overloaded + operator would be the return type .
If types are not native , and no overload could be found , the compiler would raise an error .
It is important to note that the type deduction will only take place when you instantiate the template function with some data - types .
Before that , the compiler wo n't bother checking anything ( same rules as with normal template functions ) .
R -Value references
I assume that you know what call - by - value , by reference , and by constant reference mean .
I further assume that you know what L - value and R - value mean .
Now , let 's take an example where R - value references would make sense :
class Simple {} ; Simple GetSimple ( ) { return Simple ( ) ; } void SetSimple ( const Simple& ) { } int main ( ) { SetSimple ( GetSimple ( ) ) ; }
Here , you can see that the GetSimple method returns a Simple object .
And , SetSimple takes a Simple object by reference .
In a call to SetSimple , we are passing GetSimple - as you can see , the returned object is about to be destroyed , as soon as SetSimple returns .
Let 's extend SetSimple :
void SetSimple ( const Simple& rSimple ) { Simple object ( rSimple ) ; }
Kindly ignore the missing copy constructor , we are using the default copy constructor .
For understanding , assume the copy constructor ( or a normal constructor ) is allocating some amount of memory , say 100 bytes .
The destructor is supposed to destroy 100 bytes .
Do n't get the problem in here ?
Okay , let me explain .
Two objects are being created ( one in GetSimple , one in SetSimple ) , and both are allocating 100 bytes of memory .
Right ?
This is like copying a file / folder to another location .
But as you can see from the example code , only ' object ' is being utilized .
Then , why should we allocate 100 bytes twice ?
Why can not we use the 100 bytes allocated by the first Simple object construction ?
In earlier versions of C++ , there was no simple way , unless we wrote our own memory / object management routines ( like the MFC / ATL CString class does ) .
In C++0x , we can do that .
Thus , in short , we 'll optimize the routine this way :
The first object is created , and it allocates memory .
It is about to be destroyed .
Before it gets destroyed , we attach the memory of the first object to the second object .
We detach the memory from the first object ( like , setting the pointer to null ) .
We use the second object .
The second object gets destroyed , which eventually de-allocates the memory originally allocated by the first object .
By this , we save 100 bytes !
Not a big amount , though .
But if this feature is used in larger containers like strings , vectors , list , it would save huge amounts of memory , and time , both !
Thus , it would improve the overall application performance .
Though the problem and solution is available in the form of RVO and NRVO ( Named Return Value Optimization ) , in Visual C++ 2005 and later versions , it is not as efficient and meaningful .
For this , we use a new operator introduced : R-value Reference Declarator : && .
Basic syntax : Type&& identifier .
Now we modify the above code , step by step :
void SetSimple ( Simple&& rSimple ) { Simple object ; object .
Memory = rSimple .
Memory ; rSimple .
Memory = nullptr ; delete [ ] object .
Memory ; }
The above code is for moving the content from the old object to the new object .
This is very similar to moving a file / folder .
Note that the const has been removed , since we also need to reset ( detach ) the memory originally allocated by the first object .
The class and GetSimple are modified as mentioned below .
The class now has a memory - pointer ( say , void* ) named Memory .
The default constructor sets it as null .
This member is made public for simplifying the topic .
class Simple { public : void * Memory ; Simple ( ) { Memory = nullptr ; } Simple ( int nBytes ) {
Memory = new char [ n Bytes ] ; } } ; Simple GetSimple ( ) { Simple s Obj( 10 ) ; return sObj ; }
What if you make a call like this :
Simple x ; SetSimple (x ) ;
It would result in an error since the compiler cannot convert Simple to Simple&& .
The variable ' x ' is not temporary , and cannot behave like an R - value reference .
For this , we may provide an overloaded SetSimple function that takes Simple , Simple& , or const Simple& .
Thus , you know by now that temporary objects are actually R- value references .
With R-values , you achieve what is known as move semantics .
Move semantics enables you to write code that transfers resources ( such as dynamically allocated memory ) from one object to another .
To implement move semantics , we need to provide a move constructor , and optionally a move assignment operator ( operator = ) , to the class .
The move constructor
Let 's implement moving the object within the class itself with the help of a move constructor .
As you know , a copy constructor would have a signature like :
Simple ( const Simple& ) ;
The move - constructor would be very similar - just one more ampersand :
Simple ( Simple&& ) ;
But as you can see , the move - constructor is non-const .
Like a copy constructor can take a non-const object ( thus modify the source ! ) , the move - constructor can also take const ; nothing prevents this - but doing so forfeits the whole purpose of writing a move - constructor .
Why ?
If you understood correctly , we are detaching the resource ownership from the original source ( the argument of the move - constructor ) .
Before I write more words to confuse you , let 's take an example where the so - called move - constructor may be called :
Simple GetSimple ( ) { Simple s Obj( 10 ) ; return sObj ; }
Why ?
The object sObj has been created on the stack .
The return type is Simple , which would mean the copy - constructor ( if provided ; otherwise , the default compiler provided ) would be called .
Further , the destructor for sObj would be called .
Now , assume the move - constructor is available .
In that case , the compiler knows the object is being moved ( ownership transfer ) , and it would call the move - constructor instead of the copy - constructor .
Unlike the copy - constructor , the compiler does not provide a default move - constructor ; you must write it yourself .
Here is the updated Simple class implementation :
class Simple { void * Memory ; public : Simple ( ) { Memory = nullptr ; } Simple ( Simple&& s Obj ) { Memory = sObj.
Memory ; sObj.
Memory = nullptr ; } Simple ( int nBytes ) {
Memory = new char [ n Bytes ] ; } ~ Simple ( ) { if ( Memory != nullptr ) delete [ ]
Memory ; } } ;
Here is what happens when you call the GetSimple function :
The program control enters the GetSimple function , allocates a new Simple object on stack .
Calls the ( creation ) constructor of class Simple .
The constructor allocates the desired number of bytes ( the resource ) .
The return statement is ready to convert the stack object sObj to a returnable object .
Here , the smart compiler finds that the object is actually being moved ; and finds that the move - constructor is available , it calls the MC .
The move constructor ( Simple ( Simple&& ) ) now takes the Memory content ( instead of allocating again , as the copy - constructor would have done ) .
Then it sets the original object 's Memory to be null .
It does not allocate and copy the memory !
Control comes back to return - point .
Now the original sObj is to be destroyed .
Destructor for sObj is called ( ~ Simple ( ) ) , which sees that Memory is null - does nothing !
It is important to note , and understand clearly :
The MC is called only because it is available ; otherwise , CC would have been called ( default or user - defined ) .
Returning an object by value ( i.e. , Simple , not Simple& or Simple * ) causes the copy - constructor or move - constructor to be called .
This point is very important to understand !
, not or ) causes the copy - constructor or move - constructor to be called .
This point is very important to understand !
Move - constructor detaches the object knowing what the destructor is actually doing .
In this case , we are setting Memory to null , so that DTOR does n't delete it .
to , so that does n't delete it .
Checking if a pointer is null ( Memory ! =nullptr ) is not required as per C++ standards , but is mentioned for clarity .
On your classes , you must design MC and DTOR so that they have a similar protocol .
We see that we moved the original data to the new object .
This way , we saved memory and processing time .
As mentioned earlier , this saving is negligent - but when it is employed in larger data structures , and / or when temporary - objects are created and destroyed a lot , the saving is paramount !
The move assignment - operator
Understand the following code :
Simple obj1 ( 40 ) ; Simple ob j2 , obj3 ; obj2 = obj1 ; obj3 = GetSimple ( ) ;
As you know , ob j2 = obj1 would call the assignment - operator , there is no ownership transfer .
The contents of obj2 are replaced with contents of obj1 .
If we do n't provide an assignment operator , the compiler would provide the default assignment operator ( and would copy byte - by - byte ) .
The object on the right side remains unchanged .
The compiler does not provide the default move assignment - operator , unlike the default ( copy ) assignment operator .
The signature of the user - defined operator can be :
void operator =( const Simple& ) ;
What about the statement : obj3 = GetSimple ( ) ?
The object returned by GetSimple is temporary , as you should clearly know by now .
Thus , we can ( and we should ) utilize what is known as Move - Semantics ( we 've used the same concept in the move - constructor also ! ) .
Here is a simplified move assignment - operator :
void operator =( Simple&& ) ;
And here is the modified Simple class ( previous code omitted for brevity ) .
Self assignment is not taken care of :
class Simple { ... void operator = ( const Simple& s Other ) { delete [ ]
Memory ; } void operator = ( Simple&& sOther ) { delete [ ]
Memory ; Memory = sOther .
Memory ; sOther .
Memory = nullptr ; } } ;
Thus , in the case of the obj3 = GetSimple ( ) statement , the following things are happening :
The GetSimple function is being called , which returns a temporary object .
Now , the special function , move assignment - operator , is to be called .
Since the compiler identifies that the argument to this special - function is temporary , it calls the assignment - operator which takes the R - value reference .
This case is the same as the SetSimple mentioned above .
The move - assignment - operator takes the ownership , and detaches the ownership from the so - called temporary object / R- value reference .
The destructor of the temporary - object gets called , which identifies that the object does n't own any resource - it does nothing .
Just like the move - constructor , the move - assignment operator , and the destructor ( in short , all three ) must agree with the same protocol for resource allocation / deallocation .
Another example ( cascading )
Assume the Simple class we have been working on is some data container ; like string , date / time , array , or anything you prefer .
That data container is supposed to allow the following , with the help of operator overloading :
Simple obj1 ( 10 ) , ob j2 ( 20 ) , obj3 , ob j4 ; obj3 = obj1 + ob j2 ; obj2 = GetSimple ( ) + ob j1 ; ob j4 = obj2 + obj1 + obj3 ;
You can simply say , " Provide the plus (+ ) operator in the class " .
Okay , we provide an operator + in our Simple class :
Simple operator +( const Simple& ) { Simple sObj ; return s Obj ; }
Now , as you can see , a temporary object is created and is being returned from operator + , which would eventually cause a call to the move - assignment operator ( for the obj3 = obj1 + obj2 expression ) , and the resource is preserved - fair enough !
( I hope you understand it fully before you move to the next paragraph . )
For the next statement ( ob j2 = GetSimple ( ) + obj1 ) , the object on the left itself is temporary .
Note that in SetSimple and in the move special - functions , the argument is temporary , not in this .
There is no technique ( at least in my knowledge ) to make this a temporary object .
Okay , okay , I am not Bjarne Stroustrup ; here is the solution :
class Simple { ... friend Simple operator + ( Simple&& left , const Simple& right ) ; } ; Simple operator + ( Simple&& left , const Simple& right ) { Simple newObj ; newObj.
Memory = left .
Memory ; left .
Memory = nullptr ; return newObj ; }
Explanation about the code :
The non-class version of operator + is taking an R - value reference as its left argument ; the right side argument is an ordinary constant reference of the object .
is taking reference as its left argument ; the right side argument is an ordinary constant reference of the object .
The function / overloaded - operator is just attaching the ownership to the new object and detaching the ownership from the ' left ' ( the temporary ) object .
Since it is just a simulated version , ' right ' is not used .
In an actual container - class , you 'd , however , do it .
Returns a Simple object , which has just snatched ownership from a temporary object .
What about the last statement ( ob j4 = obj2 + obj1 + obj3 ) ?
First , the normal class version of operator + is called ( for ob j2 + obj1 ) .
It returns a new Simple object , we call it t1 .
is called ( for ) .
It returns a new object , we call it .
Now with t1 ( the outcome of ob j2 + obj1 ) , which is a temporary object , operator + gets called again ( t1+obj3 ) - the out - of - class version of operator + is called , which takes ownership from t1 .
( the outcome of ) , which is a , gets called again ( ) - the out - of - class version of is called , which takes ownership from .
The global operator + returns another ( presumably the binary plus ) object .
We call the returnable object as t2 .
returns another ( presumably the binary plus ) object .
We call the returnable object as .
Now , t2 is to be assigned to obj4 , and since it is also a temporary object , the move - assignment operator gets called .
Here it goes in a more simplified , non-verbal form ( italic is the call being made ) :
ob j4 = obj2 + obj1 + obj3
ob j4 = t1 + obj3
+ obj3 obj4 = t2
External references
Other language features
This section lists the C++ features that were not added into the C++0 x standard , but were added in VC8 / VC9 compilers .
They are now part of the C++0 x standard .
1. Strongly typed enums
What is the sizeof enum ?
Four bytes ?
Well , depending on the compiler you choose , the size could vary .
Does sizeof an enum matter ?
Yes , if you put the enum as a member in a class / struct .
The sizeof class / struct changes , which makes the code less portable .
Also , if struct is to be stored in a file or transferred , the problem is further compounded .
Strongly typed enums enforce type , thus save from any bug creeping in .
They make the code more portable within the software system .
The solution is to specify the base - type of an enum :
enum Priority : BYTE { VeryLow = 0 , Low , Medium , High , VeryHigh } ;
Which results in sizeof ( Priority ) to be 1 byte .
Likewise , you can have any integral type as the base - type for an enum :
enum ByteUnit : unsigned __int64 { Byte = 1 , KiloByte = 1024 , MegaByte = 1024L * 1024 , GigaByte = ( unsigned __int64 ) 1 << 30 , TeraByte = ( unsigned __int64 ) 1 << 40 , PetaByte = ( unsigned __int64 ) 1 << 50 } ;
The sizeof this enum becomes 8 - bytes , since the base - type is unsigned __int64 .
If you do not specify the base - type , in this case , the compiler would warn you for putting an out of range value in the enum .
Note : the Microsoft C/C++ compiler implements this feature only partially .
External reference : Proposal N2347 .
2. Right angle brackets
When you declare templates of templates , like in the example below , you need to put extra white - space between the consecutive right angles ( greater - than sign ) :
vector < list< int > > ListVector ;
Otherwise , the compiler would emit an error , since >> is a valid C++ token ( bitwise right shift ) .
Other than multiple templates , this operator might appear when you typecast to a template , using the static_cast operator :
static_cast < vector < int >>( expression ) ;
With the new C++0 x standard , you can use consecutive right - angle brackets ( more than twice also ) , like :
vector < vector < vector < int >>>
ComplexVector ;
External reference : Proposal N1757
3. Extern templates
I failed to find the exact purpose and meaning of extern templates .
Anyway , I am sharing what I discovered with this term .
True , that I might be wrong - and expect you to share your knowledge , so that I could update this section .
This is what I ascertained :
Different instantiation of a template for the same type results in object code duplication .
With extern templates , we can let only one translation unit generate the appropriate code .
You can forward declare template - instantiation (s ) , rather than delay it when you actually instantiate in code .
This way , the template - class along with the specified type is verified well in advance .
Explicating point 1 clearly is out of my comprehension - the details available are vague and overlapping , so I am not discussing point ( 1 ) .
For example , you have a class :
template < typename T > class Number { T data ; public : Number ( ) { data = 0 ; } Number ( T t) { data = t ; } T Add ( T t) { return data + t ; } T Randomize ( T t) { return data % t ; } } ;
Now , before you actually instantiate the template for some data - type , you want to make sure that the class compiles for that data type .
That is , for this example , the type should support the + and % operators .
Thus , you can specify the template instantiation in advance :
template Number<int > ; template Number < float > ;
which would raise an error for the second specification , since operator % is not valid for float .
Likewise , when you specify a template argument that does n't support the operation the template class might need , the compiler would complain .
For this template class , the template - type must support assignment to zero , assignment operator , operator + , and operator % .
Note that we did not actually instantiate the template - class .
This is just like declaring a function , and specifying the argument and return type .
The function is externally defined somewhere else .
External reference : Proposal N1987 .
External references for C++0 x features
Article follow ups :
Conclusion
Though this article is almost complete , there are may be a few glitches , spelling / grammatical mistakes , small mistakes in code etc .
Please let me know of them .
For the downloadable code - I am wondering if this content requires some code ?
History
embed
Copy +
Paste : < object width = " 400 " height =
" 300 " >< param name= " allowfullscreen " value = " true " />< param name= " allowscriptaccess " value= " always " />< param name = " movie " value = " http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=11119432&server=vimeo.com&show_title=1&show_byline=1&show_portrait=0&color=&fullscreen=1 " />< embed src= " http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=11119432&server=vimeo.com&show_title=1&show_byline=1&show_portrait=0&color=&fullscreen=1 " type=" application/x-shockwave-flash " allowfullscreen =" true " allowscriptaccess =" always " width = " 400 " height =
" 300 " ></embed ></object > < p > < a href= " http://vimeo.com/11119432 ">
Humans !</a> from < a href = " http://vimeo.com/threeleggedlegs ">three legged legs < /a> on < a href = " http://vimeo.com " >
Vimeo</a>.</p>
Vimeo Link → Vimeo Link → http://vimeo.com/11119432
Humans !
We really care about the environment .
No really , we do .
And we hate the human species .
Really , we do .
We decided to get political for a minute to bring you this warning about a possible future for the planet .
Heed our warning .
What are you going to do about it ?
Artwork
Progress Print
Evulvalution : The Portrayal of Women 's External Genitalia and Physique Across Time and the Current Barbie Doll Ideals .
" Media images of the female body commonly represent reigning appearance ideals of the era in which they are published .
To date , limited documentation of the genital appearance ideals in mainstream media exists .
Analysis 1 sought to describe genital appearance ideals ( i.e. , mons pubis and labia majora visibility , labia minora size and color , and pubic hair style ) and general physique ideals ( i.e. , hip , waist , and bust size , height , weight , and body mass index [ BMI ] ) across time based on 647 Playboy Magazine centerfolds published between 1953 and 2007 .
Analysis 2 focused exclusively on the genital appearance ideals embodied by models in 185 Playboy photographs published between 2007 and 2008 .
Taken together , results suggest the perpetuation of a " Barbie Doll " ideal characterized by a low BMI , narrow hips , a prominent bust , and hairless , undefined genitalia resembling those of a prepubescent female . "
Image : flickr / SantaRosa OLD SKOOL
Related content : Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : You might want to put a condom on that symbolic penis .
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : What kind of erotic film clips should we use in female sex research ?
An exploratory study .
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : If Vladimir Nabokov did primary research ...
WTF is NCBI ROFL ?
Read our FAQ !
SPOILER ALERT ... SORT OF ...
IF YOU HAVEN'T WATCHED IN A WHILE , AND I GUESS RIGHT .
The Houston Texans ' defense took a major blow Friday when defensive rookie of the year Brian Cushing learned he is being suspended four games for violating the NFL 's policy on performance - enhancing substances .
Cushing , who said in a statement that he tested positive for a non-steroidal banned substance , appealed the league 's decision at a hearing at the NFL scouting combine in February , but the linebacker was informed Friday his appeal had been rejected .
" I believe we presented compelling evidence during the appeal process to challenge the test results , and I disagree with and am disappointed by the suspension , " Cushing said in the statement .
" Bound by the decision of the league , I regret the situation it presents to the Texans ' organization , my teammates , and our fans .
My dedication to a championship season in 2010 continues undeterred . "
Cushing will be allowed to participate in training camp with the Texans this summer , but then will serve his four - game suspension to start the 2010 regular season .
" We were disappointed to learn that Brian has been suspended for the first four games of the 2010 season , " Houston general manager Rick Smith said in a statement .
" Brian is a productive member of our team and this is a significant loss , but we have to be prepared to win without him . "
Cushing 's attorney , Harvey Steinberg , did not return telephone calls seeking comment .
The Texans ' defense will suffer without Cushing , especially considering that its first game of the season is against the defending AFC South champion Indianapolis Colts .
Cushing will also miss games against the Washington Redskins , Dallas Cowboys and Oakland Raiders .
Cushing , who was voted to the Pro Bowl , had 133 tackles and helped lead the Texans to a 9 - 7 record , their first winning season in franchise history .
Cushing finished the season with four sacks , four interceptions and two forced fumbles .
Cushing was hounded by rumors of performance - enhancing drug use before he became a pro , but the Texans were undeterred .
They said then they found no truth to those rumors in their draft preparations .
" I 've passed every drug test out there and still have , " Cushing said during his 2009 draft news conference .
" I 'm not that kind of guy . "
Cushing had been promoting an appearance on the NFL Network show " Total Access Live " scheduled for Friday evening on his Facebook page before posting the following message Friday afternoon : " Had to cancel NFL Network and all other interviews due to a family emergency .
Heading to airport to fly back to NJ to be with the fam . "
Cushing did not provide any further details about an emergency .
He is from New Jersey and had been in school in California this week .
Adam Schefter is an NFL Insider for ESPN.com .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Rails Integration Testing Stack for Winners
Full - stack , acceptance , integration , or whatever - you - want - to - call - it testing should be a large part of your test suite .
I ’m not going to waste time trying to convince anyone of this , since there are probably a million other blog posts doing that ( and probably twice as many arguing the different names ) .
Rather , I ’ll show you the hands - down best way to do it with what ’s out there right now .
Follow this setup and you too can be a winner .
I ’ve written a bit about this earlier , but things have gotten better since then .
Currently , while Rails 3 is close , it ’s not out yet , so I ’m ignoring it for this post .
Latest is 2.3.5 .
Here we go .
Cucumber
Cucumber drives everything .
It ’s awesome , and you should have already heard of it .
Everyone uses it .
It ’s surpassed the vegetable on google for the top result .
It ships with webrat , but do n’t use webrat .
It ’s neat and probably helped a lot to get cucumber popular .
But it ca n’t do javascript .
And what site does n’t have JS these days .
You need to be testing that too , you know .
Cucumber — cukes.info
Capybara
This is what you use instead of webrat .
It lets you use a bunch of web drivers behind it .
Out out of the box it supports selenium ( ugh ) and Celerity / Culerity ( awesome ) .
Before getting cucumber to work with Capybara was a little hacky , but they ’re best friends now .
Use this .
You tag the stories that need javascript with @javascript , and it ’ll fire up culerity when it needs to .
That ’s all you have to do .
It ’s fantastic .
Capybara — github
Culerity
This provides a nice bridge between your MRI Ruby rails app , and the jruby - only gem Celerity .
It ’ll fire off a separate server running in the test environment , then start up a jruby process for celerity .
Now this one can be a bit of a pain to set up , since you need to install jruby and then celerity and make sure that ’s all working and wired up .
A nice alternative is Matt Fletcher ’s fork , which bundles all that into the gem itself so you do n’t have to worry about it .
There can be some problems with gem bundler , though .
The gist of it is that you have to use JRuby v1.3.1 or earlier .
I wrote more details about the bug on the mailing list .
It looks like just yesterday Matt updated his fork to fix this , so hurray !
Culerity — github
Celerity
This is what ’s actually doing the work .
It ’s a JRuby - only gem , since it uses the Java HttpUnit headless web browser .
This is a complete web browser , with its own javascript engine , except it is just controlled though some API , and does n’t have a display .
Selenium was cool for it ’s time .
Watir too , I guess , though I never used it .
But relying on a real browser sucks .
It ’s really slow .
You have to worry about browser upgrades breaking the tenuous control .
And it makes your CI server a hundred times more complicated than it has to be .
Fuck that , when you can use Celerity which is awesome .
For some reason I can’t quite remember , I had to stay on version 0.7.6 .
If you ’re having weird problems try that version .
Of course , if you ’re using Matt ’s culerity fork like I suggested , you do n’t have to worry about it .
Celerity
picture credit : philo nordlund
Twenty - Ten may be written down in the annals of history as the year of the smartphone .
According to IDC ’s analysis , smartphone shipments increased a whopping 56.7 % year - over - year with vendors shipping 54.7 million converged devices in Q1 2010 alone .
This impressive growth rate doubles that of the overall handset market which grew a comparatively low 21.7 % YoY .
Rising stars within the handset manufacturers include Apple , which saw its handset shipments increase a mind boggling 131 % YoY , Motorola which posted an impressive 91 % increase , and HTC which came in third with a 71 % increase .
The driving force behind these three smartphone manufacturers is the iPhone OS for Apple and Android for both Motorola and HTC .
Though Nokia is still king of the hill with 39 % of the market share and handset shipments of 21.5 million , the company out of Espoo should keep an eye on its back as Apple and the little green robot are coming on fast and furious .
Read
Quotes
In the absence of any other proof , the thumb alone would convince me of God 's existence .
Sir Isaac Newton
We can land men on the moon , but , for all our mechanical and electronic wizardry , we cannot reproduce an artificial fore - finger that can feel as well as beckon .
John Napier
The hand is the cutting edge of the mind .
Jacob Bronowski
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist .
Indira Gandhi
The fragrance always remains in the hand that gives the rose .
Heda Bejar
Hold a true friend with both hands .
Nigerian Proverb
Nor do not saw the air too much with your hand , thus , but use all gently .
William Shakespeare , ' The Tragedy of Hamlet , Prince of Denmark , 'Act III , scene ii The preservation of the sacred fire of liberty and the destiny of the republican model of government are justly considered ... deeply , ... finally , staked on the experiment entrusted to the hands of the American people .
George Washington , First Inaugural Address , Apr. 30 , 1789 May the road rise to meet you .
May the wind always be at your back .
May the sun shine warm upon your face , the rains fall soft upon your fields and , until we meet again , may God hold you in the palm of his hand .
Irish Blessing
Do not withhold good from those to whom it is due , when it is in the power of your hand to do so .
Proverbs 3:27
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor .
Hubert H. Humphrey
The upper limb is the lightning rod to the soul .
Robert Markison
The art of life is to show your hand .
E. V. Lucas
The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm .
Fred Dehner Children are the hands by which we take hold of heaven .
Henry Ward Beecher
A child 's hand in yours -- what tenderness and power it arouses .
You are instantly the very touchstone of wisdom and strength .
Marjorie Holmes
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but hold hands .
Alexander Penney Criminals do not die by the hands of the law .
They die by the hands of other men .
George Bernard Shaw Ignorant men do n't know what good they hold in their hands until they 've flung it away .
Sophocles PALMISTRY , n . The 947th method ( according to Mimbleshaw 's classification ) of obtaining money by false pretences .
It consists in " reading character " in the wrinkles made by closing the hand .
The pretence is not altogether false ; character can really be read very accurately in this way , for the wrinkles in every hand submitted plainly spell the word " dupe . "
The imposture consists in not reading it aloud .
Ambrose Bierce Infinite striving to be the best is man 's duty , it is it 's own reward .
Everything else is in God 's hands .
Mahatma Gandhi
To make a man happy , fill his hands with work .
Frederick E. Crane
Since we are now in the midst of one of the biggest oil spills in U.S. history and just a few weeks after the deaths of 29 West Virginia coal miners , I believe it is time to reflect upon where the politicians of both parties are trying to redirect the country .
We now we learn that leaking oil well in the Gulf of Mexico lacked a safeguard device as reported by The Wall Street Journal .
And even though the President maintains the industry will pay for clean up expenses , the Gulf Governors have sent their national guards , and the federal government has sent U.S. Navy ships and Air Force planes to the scene .
These actions represent no small expense for U.S. taxpayers and taxpayers in those states .
It certainly calls into question the “ Drill Baby Drill ” chants of the last political convention .
Earlier last month , The New York Times ran a cover story about the 29 deaths at a West Virginia mine , saying that the incident raises “ issues about safety . ”
No kidding .
And of course , let ’s add to all that the local , regional and national campaigns against mountaintop removal coal mining that throws coal and rock waste onto private land , public facilities , and fills local rivers and streams .
And what about water ?
A national laboratory has been studying U.S. water supply issues , which may soon become an even bigger strategic problem than that of our energy resources .
In the U.S. today , electricity generation uses more surface water than growing our food , and food and energy combined encompasses nearly 85 % of all water use .
How ’s that for a food vs fuel ?
And then there ’s the nuclear mess where a whistleblower who taped his fellow guards sleeping on the job at the Peach Bottom nuclear power plant was fired , prompting anger from government watchdogs who say he should have been lauded as a hero .
Energy savant and nuclear energy critic , Amory Lovins stated in a post entitled Nuclear Nonsense that :
The world in 2008 invested more in renewable power than in fossil - fueled power .
Why ?
Because renewables are cheaper , faster , vaster , equally or more carbon - free , and more attractive to investors .
Worldwide , distributed renewables in 2008 added 40 billion watts and got $ 100 billion of private investment ; nuclear added and got zero , despite its far larger subsidies and generally stronger government support .
From August 2005 to August 2008 , with new subsidies equivalent to 100+ % of construction cost and with the most robust nuclear politics and capital markets in history , the 33 proposed U.S. nuclear projects got not a cent of private equity investment .
And Earth Day cofounder and SUN DAY founder Dennis Hayes posted a commentary on the temporary demise of the Climate Bill in the Huffington Post , stating that the proposed alternative bill is a good compromise .
He said :
Cantwell - Collins returns 75 percent of the revenue collected to the public on a pro rata basis .
Because the rich spend more ( directly and indirectly ) on energy than the poor , more than 80 percent of the public will be made richer by this progressive revenue measure .
All the money will be returned to taxpayers and invested in technologies designed to reduce carbon — not to enrich coal companies and oil companies and pay for their lobbyists .
The policymakers , Democrats and Republicans alike , are caving in to the status quo , even in the face of over 30 preeminent studies in the last few years showing how high - value energy efficiency and renewable energy can meet our nation ’s and the globe ’s energy needs .
The world could eliminate fossil fuel use by 2090 by spending trillions of dollars on a renewable energy revolution according to a DLR ( German ) report commissioned by the environmental group Greenpeace .
The 210 - page study is one of few reports — even by lobby groups — to look in detail at how energy use would have to be overhauled to meet the toughest scenarios for curbing greenhouse gases outlined by the U.N. a Climate Panel .
Then there is the excellent American Solar Energy Society ( ASES ) 200 - page report , Tackling Climate Change in the U.S. : Potential Carbon Emissions Reductions from Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by 2030 , ” which was unveiled in October 2007 .
The report showed how energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies can provide the emissions reductions required to address global warming cutting 60 % of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by utilizing 57 % energy efficiency , 43 % renewables .
Google is thinking the same thing .
In 2009 , Google.org , the philanthropic arm of the search giant , unveiled “ Clean Energy 2030 ” a plan to move the U.S. to a future where by 2030 electricity will be generated not from coal or oil but from energy efficiency and renewable energy .
The report goes on to say that :
Energy demand will be two - thirds what it is now , thanks to stringent energy - efficiency measures .
Ninety percent of new vehicle sales will be plug - in hybrids .
Carbon dioxide emissions will be down 48 percent .
Getting there will cost $ 4.4 trillion , says the plan — but will recoup $ 5.4 trillion in savings .
The Clean Energy 2030 plan would require ambitious national policies , a huge boost to renewables , increased transmission capacity , a smart electricity grid , and much higher fuel - efficiency standards for vehicles .
I think it ’s time for us to remind the President of his campaign statement that “ oil and gas drilling ” will not solve our energy problems .
It ’s time for us to tell both political parties that coal use in the 21st century is not sustainable , healthy , environmental or safe .
It ’s time for us not to be boonswaggled that nuclear in the post September 11th world is safe , economic or an efficient way to boil water .
The renewable energy industry has the commercial answers , a grand clean energy portfolio including : combined heat and power , solar ( daylighting , water and space heating / cooling , PV and CSP ) , large and small wind , superinsulating and electrochromic windows , insulation , super - efficient motors and compressors , ground - coupled ( geothermal ) heat pumps , water energy ( freeflow , tidal , wave and ocean currents and thermal ) geothermal , biomass ( biopower , biothermal , biofuels through biorefineries ) , storage ( smart batteries , thermal storage , and hydrogen for fuel cells ) , all imposed in a web - enabled distributed network and tied to a “ smart ” electric grid .
But the policymakers are pulled back for every step forward .
It is time for the American public to stand firm — no more wars for oil or petroleum spills , no more nuclear safety breeches .
It ’s time to end blowing up our mountaintops and spewing carcinogens , heavy metals and carbon through mining or burning coal .
It is time stop apologizing about the grand portfolio of clean energy .
Thousands of Americans will lose their fishing and tourism jobs due to this Gulf oil spill , more will have brown and black lung or lose their lives prematurely in our coal mines .
Finally , do not assume the “ unthinkable ” ca n’t happen with our nuclear power plants and nuclear repositories .
I am no Luddite .
If there were no alternatives , the conventional energy sources and their “ warts ” would just have to be accepted to grow our economies and society .
But when we have the proven , commercialized alternatives — these deaths , this massive pollution and waste , and the national security risks seem not only irresponsible and uneconomical , but also unethical .
That ’s my message , issued on Earth Day from my head and my heart after the deaths of the coal miners and the landmark oil rupture in the Gulf of Mexico .
TEL AVIV — At least nine pro-Palestinian activists died when Israeli commandos boarded a ship headed to the blockaded Gaza Strip early Monday , plunging Israel into a diplomatic crisis that could obstruct action on the most pressing issues in the Mideast , from U.S. - backed peace talks to sanctions against Iran .
The incident drew harsh words from the Arab world and questions from foes and allies about why the operation to intercept the six - ship flotilla , for which Israel had weeks to prepare , turned deadly .
The United Nations Security ...
WASHINGTON - Drill , baby , drill .
Even after the recent — and highly publicized — oil spill in the Gulf Coast , that ’s the overwhelming sentiment from the public , with six in 10 Americans supporting more offshore drilling , according to the latest NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll .
In addition , a majority believes that the potential economic benefits of offshore drilling outweigh its potential harm to the environment .
Those are n’t the only striking results from this survey , which was conducted after several significant and newsworthy events :
Nearly two - thirds of Americans back Arizona ’s new controversial immigration law ;
After the failed car bomb in Times Square , 58 percent of respondents say they ’re worried this country will experience another terrorist attack , the highest percentage on this question in almost five years ;
And in the wake of the federal government ’s fraud charges against Wall Street giant Goldman Sachs , a clear majority thinks that the biggest concern about the financial reform legislation moving through Congress is that it wo n’t go far enough to rein in Wall Street ’s perceived excesses .
The more things change ...
Yet given these events and findings , perhaps the biggest takeaway from the poll is that the overall political environment remains virtually unchanged .
Half of the nation still approves of President Barack Obama ’s job performance ; Republicans continue to enjoy an enthusiasm advantage heading into the upcoming midterm elections ; and more than eight in 10 remain dissatisfied about the economy .
“ The more things change , the more they stay the same , ” says Democratic pollster Peter D. Hart , who conducted this survey with Republican pollster Bill McInturff .
“ The dynamics of 2010 are overriding any of these huge events that are happening . ”
Adds McInturff , “ We have a corrosive economy , and that economy is continuing to be a weight on the political system . ”
The poll — which was conducted May 6 - 10 of 1,000 adults , and which has an overall margin of error of plus - minus 3.1 percentage points — comes after the explosion of an oil rig in the Gulf Coast and its subsequent spill .
Offshore drilling , immigration , terrorism
Despite the spill , 60 percent say they support allowing for more drilling off U.S. coasts , and 53 percent believe that offshore drilling ’s potential economic benefits outweigh its potential harm to the environment .
The public is split on the federal government ’s response to the spill : 45 percent say it has not done enough , while 43 percent say it has done enough .
By comparison , 50 percent say that British Petroleum , which leased the oil rig , has not done enough , versus 37 percent who think that it has .
Another significant event in recent weeks was Arizona ’s new anti-illegal immigration law , which makes it a state crime for a person to be in the country illegally .
It also requires local and state law enforcement officials to question people about their immigration status if they suspect those persons are in the country illegally .
Sixty - four percent favor this law , and 34 percent oppose it .
But those numbers are essentially reversed among Latinos — with 70 percent of them opposing the law , and only 27 percent supporting it .
Even though almost two - thirds of the public supports Arizona ’s law , nearly an identical number ( 66 percent ) believe it will lead to the discrimination of Latino immigrants who reside in the U.S. legally .
A third event that took place in recent days was the failed car bombing in New York ’s Times Square .
According to the poll , 58 percent say they are worried that the United States will experience another major terrorist attack — the highest score on this question since 2005 .
What ’s more , a majority of Americans ( 52 percent ) say they are willing to give up personal freedoms and civil liberties to prevent another terrorist attack .
And another majority ( 51 percent ) approve of using racial or ethnic profiling to combat terrorism .
Asked which of these recent stories concerned them more , 38 percent cited the Gulf Coast spill , 31 percent said the failed Times Square bombing , 19 percent mentioned Arizona ’s new immigration law and 8 percent said the charges against Goldman Sachs .
Obama , the midterms and health care
Despite these events — as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average ’s nearly 1,000 - point temporary drop last Thursday ( which occurred as this poll was being conducted ) — the political environment remains surprisingly stable .
Obama ’s overall approval rating sits at 50 percent , a two - point increase from March .
Also , the approval of his handling of the economy is now a net - positive 48 percent to 46 percent , versus his net - negative 47 percent to 50 percent rating from two months ago .
And a combined 69 percent say they like the president personally , even if some do n’t approve of his policies .
But that is down from the combined 75 percent who said they personally liked him in January .
Looking ahead to the November midterm elections , Democrats and Republicans are tied on the generic ballot question — with 44 percent preferring a Democratic - controlled Congress and 44 percent preferring a GOP - controlled Congress .
In fact , it ’s only the second time in the past seven years in the poll when Republicans have pulled exactly even with Democrats on this question ( and the first time was January 2010 ) .
Republicans also enjoy a significant advantage among those most enthusiastic about the midterms — they prefer the GOP controlling Congress by 20 points .
Opinions of the health care legislation , which Obama signed into law back in March , have n’t changed much , either .
In the poll , 38 percent think Obama ’s health plan is a good idea , while 44 percent say it ’s a bad idea — only a slight improvement from the 36 percent to 48 percent good / bad score before the legislation passed .
That said , 55 percent say they are more likely to support a congressional candidate who believes the new law should be given a chance to work , compared with 42 percent who will back a candidate supporting the law ’s repeal .
Still sour on the economy , Congress
Perceptions of the U.S. economy also have n’t changed much , despite data ( like the 290,000 jobs created in April ) pointing to a recovery .
A whopping 81 percent say they ’re dissatisfied with the economy , and 76 percent believe the country is still mired in a recession .
“ The grassroots is not feeling the economic recovery yet , ” says Hart , the Democratic pollster .
And the grim outlook extends to other topics — 56 percent think country is headed on the wrong track , 72 percent disapprove of Congress and both the Democratic and Republican parties have negative favorable ratings .
The one true bright spot in the poll : General Motors , which has seen its favorable rating jump from 18 percent after its federal government bailout to 37 percent now .
Mark Murray covers politics for NBC News .
OTTAWA
From Canada ’s perspective , the overdue rehabilitation of the concept of coalition building in a minority Parliament was just one of the beneficial collateral results of the recent British election .
Another could be to put electoral reform squarely on the federal agenda .
As part of the deal between Prime Minister David Cameron ’s Conservative party and Nick Clegg ’s Liberal Democrats , the UK will be looking at alternatives to the first - past - the - post system .
But there should be no need for Canada to wait for the UK to work its way through a discussion on its electoral system to have one of its own .
Since Ontario and British Columbia foundered in their attempts to move to more proportional voting systems , the issue has fallen off the parliamentary radar .
The failed provincial bids have just about killed the notion that a Medicare - style domino effect would , in time , provide a compelling provincial model for a federal reform
If this debate is going to regain momentum , it will have to come from a change in the dynamics at the federal level .
Until now the NDP has been the only party to champion the cause of electoral reform in Parliament and , so far , the results of its efforts have been underwhelming .
By contrast , conventional federal Liberal wisdom has been that the first - past - the - post system worked well for the party and its position has been to stick with it .
In the 1997 election , it helped Jean Chrétien eke a governing majority out of as shallow a pool of popular support as 38 per cent .
But looking back on three decades of steady erosion of the Liberals ’ national foundation , the party has traded short - term electoral gain for long - term pain .
While the distortions of the system did benefit the Liberals in Ontario , especially over the period when the right was divided , they have also exacerbated their absence from other important regions .
Western Canada is a case in point :
In the last election the Liberals won 19 per cent of the vote in Manitoba but only 7 per cent of the seats and the support of one in five British Columbian voters translated into only five Liberal seats out of a provincial total of 36 .
Over time , those distortions have resulted in a vicious circle .
The Liberals have yet to stage a leadership campaign that features a top - tier contender from Western Canada and since the advent of the Bloc Québécois , the party ’s pool of francophone talent has also shrunk dramatically .
On that latter score , the same is true of the other federalist parties .
For almost two decades and even as a majority of its voters have supported federalist parties , Quebec has been massively represented by sovereignists in the House of Commons .
A recurring criticism of a more proportional election system is that it would make majority governments harder to secure .
But given the well - entrenched regional fault lines in federal party support across Canada , the best a party could hope for under the current system would be to achieve a technical majority – i.e. one that reflects regional divisions rather than a national consensus .
At the same time , some of the most pressing issues on the federal plate – matters such as climate change , energy and equalization , to name just three – will require a serious amount of intra-regional compromises .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
That give - and - take is much more likely to be fostered under the common roof of a national caucus than across the federal - provincial table .
If the Liberals are serious about restoring their status as a national institution , it is time for them to abandon their faith in short - term electoral short cuts and rethink their approach to a more proportional voting system .
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer .
Her column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
User name :
Password :
Show password
Select this option if you 're the only person who uses this computer .
Your server will allow a longer period of inactivity before signing you out .
Warning :
By selecting this option , you confirm that this computer complies with your organization 's security policy .
Use the light version of Outlook Web App
The light version of Outlook Web App includes fewer features .
Use it if you 're on a slow connection or using a computer with unusually strict browser security settings .
We also support the full Outlook Web App experience on some browsers on Windows , Mac , and Linux computers .
To check out all the supported browsers and operating systems , click here .
Deepwater rig owner wants to pay workers a fraction of its own insurance payout
By Andre Damon
18 May 2010
Transocean , the owner of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig , filed a petition May 13 to limit its liabilities in the disaster to $ 27 million , despite receiving $ 560 million in insurance compensation .
Framed pictures on display at the funeral of Karl Kleppinger
As part of the request , Transocean will be allowed to consolidate all cases against it into federal court , and to put a stay on the over 100 cases being brought against it at the state and local levels .
Eleven workers — most employed by Transocean — were killed in the April 20 blast , and at least 17 more were injured .
Workers who escaped from the rig have claimed that the horrific event they witnessed caused them post - traumatic stress syndrome .
Regardless of whether Transocean is successful in limiting its liabilities , it stands to gain advantages from moving the cases to federal court , several of those familiar with maritime law told the World Socialist Web Site .
“ Transocean will get to fight the case once , and they get control of the agenda , ” said Martin J. Davies , a professor of maritime law at Tulane University .
“ They are trying to put a lid on the proceedings , just like BP is trying to do . ”
“ They have , in essence , robbed the claimants of the right to select their own venue , ” said Steve Gordon of Gordon & Elias & Seely Maritime Lawyers , which represents victims and survivors of the disaster .
The filing would also bring down the statute of limitations for workers ’ injury claims from three years to six months .
“ If workers from the Deepwater Horizon do n’t file a claim by November 16 , 2010 , they wo n’t ever get the chance to do so , ” said Gordon .
The request is being made in accordance with an obscure maritime law , the Limitation of Liability Act of 1851 , a protectionist measure created to help build up the fledgling US merchant marine .
It was designed to keep ship owners from going bankrupt in the event of a disaster , by capping their liability to the value of the ship and its cargo .
Nearly 160 years later , the law ’s effect is entirely different .
“ It is simply being used to protect multinational companies from paying their workers , ” said Davies .
“ The drafters of that law never even contemplated a vessel like the Deepwater Horizon , and they certainly never contemplated that one vessel could destroy a body of water , ” added Gordon .
Although the maximum compensation was intended to correspond with the value of the ship , Davies said that the figure of $ 27 million was calculated as a standard multiple of the rig ’s tonnage , since the rig is not recoverable .
This is despite the fact that Transocean will receive $ 560 million in insurance payments for the rig , of which over $ 400 million has already been paid over .
Transocean ’s goal will be to show that it was not guilty of negligence in relation to the explosion , said Davies .
If the court finds that the captain of the rig , or a Transocean executive , was at fault , then they wo n’t be able to limit their liability .
But
If it finds one of the lower - ranking employees to be responsible , then the damages paid by Transocean will be capped at $ 27 million .
This cap includes all legal claims against Transocean relating to the event , including property damage claims , environmental damage claims , and wrongful death claims .
Gordon said he doubts that Transocean will succeed in its effort , “ but if they were successful , it would be a complete travesty , ” he said .
“ $ 27 million is ridiculously low , ” said Gordon .
“ Transocean are the only ones who have ever gotten any money from the disaster .
Why do n’t they at least take part of that $ 560 million they ’re getting for the rig and give it to their workers ? ”
At the end of last year , Transocean , the world ’s largest offshore drilling contractor , had over one billion dollars in cash and cash equivalents , as well as $ 36 billion in other assets .
“ This filing means that Transocean does not believe that it should fully compensate the people who lost their lives and were injured , even though they have already accepted over $ 400 million in insurance payments , ” said Jeff Seely , also from Gordon & Elias & Seely Maritime Lawyers .
“ That is the very definition of injustice . ”
Transocean is set to realize a $ 270 million “ accounting gain ” from the explosion , since it insured the Deepwater Horizon at a higher value than what it cost to build , according to a statement by executives .
It also announced on Friday that it would distribute $ 1 billion in dividends to shareholders .
Glenn Beck has decided that net neutrality is censorship and the work of the devil :
[ …] President Obama has compiled something “ almost like an enemy ’s list ” and how Obama is into “ silencing opponents . ”
The president ’s tool of choice for this censorship ?
Network neutrality — the principle that ISPs cannot interfere with content .
“ We are dealing with people who think they should rebel until they get their little kingdom like Satan did , ” said Beck .
“ You know what ?
Thanks , Mr. President , but I think we ’re going to keep the Internet the way it is right now .
You know — or at least until people who are worshipping Satan , you know , are n’t in office . ”
That ’s just general Glenn Beck stupidity and not really worth remarking on .
What ’s more interesting is that AT&T recently used a Satanic reference in the title of a blog entry accusing net neutrality advocates of apocalyptic predictions .
I know that Satan dwells in everyone ’s heart , but I did n’t know that he also lives in TCP / IP networks .
We really do have to work to keep him down in the hole .
UC Irvine scientists have created an eight - layer , early stage retina from human embryonic stem cells , the first three - dimensional tissue structure to be made from stem cells .
It also marks the first step toward the development of transplant - ready retinas to treat eye disorders such as retinitis pigmentosa and macular degeneration that affect millions .
" We made a complex structure consisting of many cell types , " said study leader Hans Keirstead of the Reeve - Irvine Research Center and the Sue and Bill Gross Stem Cell Research Center at UCI .
" This is a major advance in our quest to treat retinal disease . "
In previous studies on spinal cord injury , the Keirstead group originated a method by which human embryonic stem cells could be directed to become specific cell types , a process called differentiation .
Results of those studies are leading to the world 's first clinical trial using a stem cell - based therapy for acute spinal cord injury .
In this study , the Keirstead team utilized the differentiation technique to create the multiple cell types necessary for the retina .
The greatest challenge , Keirstead said , was in the engineering .
To mimic early stage retinal development , the researchers needed to build microscopic gradients for solutions in which to bathe the stem cells to initiate specific differentiation paths .
" Creating this complex tissue is a first for the stem cell field , " Keirstead said .
" Dr. Gabriel Nistor in our group addressed a really interesting scientific problem with an engineering solution , showing that gradients of solutions can create complex stem cell - based tissues . "
The retina is the inside back layer of the eye that records the images a person sees and sends them via the optic nerve from the eye to the brain .
Retinal diseases are particularly damaging to sight .
More than 10 million Americans suffer from macular degeneration , the leading cause of blindness in people over 55 .
About 100,000 have retinitis pigmentosa , a progressive , genetic disorder that usually manifests in childhood .
" What 's so exciting with our discovery , " Keirstead said , " is that creating transplantable retinas from stem cells could help millions of people , and we are well on the way . "
The UCI researchers are testing the early - stage retinas in animal models to learn how much they improve vision .
Positive results would lead to human clinical trials .
The study appears online in the Journal of Neuroscience Methods .
Nistor , Magdalene J. Seiler , Fengrong Yan and David Ferguson contributed to the effort , supported by The Lincy Foundation and private donations to the Keirstead group .
sure there must be
Today or yesterday was the one year anniversary of the Stimulus package and everyone was marveling at the conservative hypocrisy epitomized by Republicans fighting against the Stimulus bill before it was passed and lying about its impact since then ( especially this week ) , while sandwiched in between , something like a hundred of them demanded some of that money for their pet projects back home -- and even touted the benefits as though they had passed the legislation !
Disgraced former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough , now one of MSNBC 's right - wing talking heads , invited Howard Dean and Sam Stein onto his show yesterday to discuss the anniversary .
Dean , though effectively and justifiably bashing the Republicans for their crass obstructionism , did n't make any friends at the White House .
He forcefully pointed out that the Obama is coming across as weak and incompetent .
I 'mopen to the possibility that there might possibly be some people who disagree with the proposition that Obama is one gigantic disappointment ... but I 've never met one .
The best I ever hear about him is that he 's better than the alternatives .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Just look at the outside evaluations of the stimulus .
Perhaps the best - known economic research firms are IHS Global Insight , Macroeconomic Advisers and Moody ’s Economy.com .
They all estimate that the bill has added 1.6 million to 1.8 million jobs so far and that its ultimate impact will be roughly 2.5 million jobs .
The Congressional Budget Office , an independent agency , considers these estimates to be conservative .
Yet I ’m guessing you do n’t think of the stimulus bill as a big success .
You ’ve read columns ( by me , for example ) complaining that it should have spent money more quickly .
Or you ’ve heard about the phantom ZIP code scandal : the fact that a government Web site mistakenly reported money being spent in nonexistent ZIP codes .
And many of the criticisms are valid .
The program has had its flaws .
But the attention they have received is wildly disproportionate to their importance .
To hark back to another big government program , it ’s almost as if the lasting image of the lunar space program was Apollo 6 , an unmanned 1968 mission that had engine problems , and not Apollo 11 , the moon landing .
The reasons for the stimulus ’s middling popularity are n’t a mystery .
The unemployment rate remains near 10 percent , and many families are struggling .
Saying that things could have been even worse does n’t exactly inspire .
Liberals do n’t like the stimulus because they wish it were bigger .
Republicans do n’t like it because it ’s a Democratic program .
The Obama administration hurt the bill ’s popularity by making too rosy an economic forecast upon taking office .
Moreover , the introduction of the most visible parts of the program -- spending on roads , buildings and the like -- has been a bit sluggish .
Aid to states , unemployment benefits and some tax provisions have been more successful and account for far more of the bill .
But their successes are not obvious .
... The case against the stimulus revolves around the idea that the economy would be no worse off without it .
As a Wall Street Journal opinion piece put it last year , “ The resilience of the private sector following the fall 2008 panic -- not the fiscal stimulus program -- deserves the lion ’s share of the credit for the impressive growth improvement . ”
In a touch of unintended irony , two of article ’s three authors were listed as working at a research institution named for Herbert Hoover .
Of course , no one can be certain about what would have happened in an alternate universe without a $ 787 billion stimulus .
But there are two main reasons to think the hard - core skeptics are misguided -- above and beyond those complicated , independent economic analyses .
The first is the basic narrative that the data offer .
Pick just about any area of the economy and you come across the stimulus bill ’s footprints .
In the early months of last year , spending by state and local governments was falling rapidly , as was tax revenue .
In the spring , tax revenue continued to drop , yet spending jumped -- during the very time when state and local officials were finding out roughly how much stimulus money they would be receiving .
This is the money that has kept teachers , police officers , health care workers and firefighters employed .
Then there is corporate spending .
It surged in the final months of last year .
Mark Zandi of Economy.com ( who has advised the McCain campaign and Congressional Democrats ) says that the Dec. 31 expiration of a tax credit for corporate investment , which was part of the stimulus , is a big reason .
The story is n’t quite as clear - cut with consumer spending , as skeptics note .
Its sharp plunge stopped before President Obama signed the stimulus into law exactly one year ago .
But the billions of dollars in tax cuts , food stamps and jobless benefits in the stimulus have still made a difference .
Since February , aggregate wages and salaries have fallen , while consumer spending has risen .
The difference between the two -- some $ 100 billion -- has essentially come from stimulus checks .
Obama 's biggest mistake was made on the second day after his election when he chose the Beltway 's most over - hyped incompetent , Wall Street shill Rahm Emanuel to run his administration .
There isWall Street could have done more effectively to sabotage that " hopey - changey thing " than placing one of their most dependable operatives right at the heart of the Administration .
Emanuel spent his entire career doing three things : enriching himself , ingratiating himself to the richest and most powerful forces , and manufacturing a totally baseless image with the pathetically snookered sucker media in The Village .
And Obama fell for it , lock , stock and barrel .
Dean did n't -- which is why the most spectacularly successful head of the DNC was replaced by a colorless and failed conservative hack .
Yesterday ' ssaid all that is needed to be said about the results of the Stimulus package .
Take my word for it -- it is n't what you 'll hear parroted by the TV talking heads who reach far more people ( and have a different agenda ) .
Labels : Howard Dean , Obama 's stimulus package , Rahm Emanuel
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Transport Secretary Lord Adonis has said that the government ' made the right decisions in dealing with the Icelandic ash cloud .
The UK has reopened its airports after the eruption of Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull volcano caused severe disruption to European air carriers in the last week .
Chatroulette :
Is new teenage website the most disturbing internet craze yet ?
When writer OLIVIA LICHTENSTEIN 's daughter told her about a ' cool ' new teen website , she decided to investigate .
What she found was the most worrying internet craze to date .
Late on a weekday afternoon and I 'm sitting at my computer .
On the screen in front of me are two small boxes - little video streams - one above the other .
My face is in the bottom box .
The face and bare torso of a man is in the one on top .
Let 's call him Gerry .
Beside Gerry 's face is a box into which we can type , so that we can chat to one another .
So he types hello and then asks where I come from .
I say hello back and tell him I am from London .
Our exchange has lasted barely seconds , but suddenly another message pops up .
He 's asking me if I will remove my top so he can see my breasts .
Worried mother : Olivia Lichtenstein was horrified by what daughter Francesca could access online
He is a complete stranger , and one of the many crude and deviant men I have encountered in the past 30 minutes .
I quickly click a button to have him removed from my screen .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is the world of Chatroulette - an internet site that is turning into something of a phenomenon .
It was my 16 - year - old daughter who told me about Chatroulette , a ' cool ' new site she and her friends recently started using .
It 's the fast - growing , latest fad among teenagers - a quick and easy way to communicate online with people from all over the world .
It works literally like roulette .
Users log on , press a big button labelled ' Next ' and it then randomly connects you to any one of a number of people across the world currently logged on .
The gimmick is the fact that all of the users have webcams - so they can ' meet ' the random strangers .
It was the idea of 17 - year - old Russian schoolboy Andrey Ternovskiy .
He launched it in November last year and his business quickly grew virally from 50 users to 50,000 in its first month .
One million people now visit it each day .
However , what may have started as the innocent game of a Moscow schoolboy has quickly become a potential tailor - made portal for perverts and paedophiles - proving once again that the internet is putting the lives of our vulnerable teenagers in jeopardy .
And believe me , after you 've seen it , you 'll never complain about your teen 's obsession with texting their friends again .
For this , the latest Frankenstein monster spawned by the internet is , as with so much web - based activity , impossible to monitor , restrict or control .
Disturbing : A girl tries out Chatroulette and is linked to a man who immediately starts unzipping his trousers
After my daughter first told me about it a few weeks ago , I decided to investigate the site for myself - and , even for a technophobe like me , the ease with which I was able to access it was terrifying .
It does n't require you to log in or register ( despite the fact that the site states it is for over - 16s only ) and all you need is a computer with a webcam .
It 's entirely free and once you 've clicked a button to allow the site to access your webcam , your face appears in one of two boxes .
In fact , it 's so disturbingly easy that even primary school children , with basic computer skills , could access it .
Once you 're plugged in , the site immediately starts searching for a ' partner ' and within seconds you find yourself jettisoned into a stranger 's bedroom , living room , or , all too often , trousers .
The webpage is unsophisticated and states only the following rules : ' 16 + , clothes , report button . '
More often than not , though , as I discovered , ' unclothed ' was the order of the day .
And the button which allows you to report unseemly behaviour is all very well , but the perpetrator 's punishment is a tame warning and 40 minutes suspension from the site .
Hardly a deterrent .
During my time on Chatroulette , the users I encountered were men and women from Germany , Holland , Turkey , Spain , America and Britain .
To begin , you click a button marked ' New game ' .
' After you 've seen Chatroulette , you 'll never complain about your teen 's obsession with texting their friends again '
If you do n't like the look of the person you have been connected to , you click a button marked ' Next ' and somebody else instantly pops up at random .
They can be any age , any sex and hail from Manchester to Moscow - although the site 's lingua franca is English .
Many of the people on this site are exhibitionists who are free to display themselves to total strangers .
Mostly , the people I chatted to were men .
Some of them showed their faces - others angled the computer in such a way as to mask their identities and , all too often , to reveal their genitals .
At least one out of every five of the strangers I was connected to was a man with the camera pointed directly at his private parts .
Within the first few seconds of using the site , I was asked : ' Do you show boobs ? '
This was a man from Ibiza , who had angled the computer in such a way that all I could see was his clothed lap .
He could have been anything from 17 to 70 .
A man from Germany whose face was masked with a scarf asked if I would like to watch him fondle himself .
Another told me in graphic terms what he would like me to do to him .
Apart from a sweet but banal conversation with a Spanish student who wanted to improve his English , and a courteous Turkish architect ,
most of the encounters I experienced left me feeling that I had become the unwitting participant in a porn film .
The ability to parachute into the lives of strangers is simultaneously addictive and repellent .
Just like pornography , it leaves the user feeling dirty and ashamed .
Most of the people I encountered were foreign - and while their English was often poor , they knew the words required to fulfil one purpose : to persuade young girls and women to undress .
Chatroulette may have been invented by a child , but it 's clearly not appropriate for children - and it's anything but a game .
Celebrity fan : Actress Demi Moore has used Chatroulette in the past
But , thanks to celebrity users such as Paris Hilton and Ashton Kutcher , teenagers are flocking to the site .
Indeed , if you swiftly ' next ' your way through your matches , you will find that around 50 per cent of users appear to be younger than 20 .
The fact that my daughter and her friends are not shocked by the site is shocking in itself - it's a further indication that such aberrant behaviour has been normalised .
' If you do n't like something , you just click " next " , ' my daughter blithely told me .
It saddens me that she has grown up in a society that makes it possible for her to be so worldly and resigned at such a young age .
But she is not alone .
Even more depressingly , it seems that - thanks to the internet - such sexualised behaviour is pervading all generations .
Just last week , a newspaper column related the story of a woman who had recently gone on a date with an unnamed parliamentary candidate .
Their date went well , but - as the source revealed - the very next day she received an email containing a photograph of his genitals .
Shocking enough , but sadly not a unique occurrence .
I have a number of middle - aged friends who are newly divorced or still single and navigating the tricky minefield that is internet dating .
They have found that conversations online all too quickly turn vulgar .
And increasingly pornographic , too .
One told me of a man who , within minutes of meeting online , tried to engage her in dirty talk .
Another had an online suitor who bombarded her with a series of naked pictures .
Of course , my friends did not participate .
But one short afternoon on Chatroulette and you will find that there are a number of women who will .
So what is it that is attracting so many modern men and women to such disturbing exhibitionism ?
Dr Taly Weiss is a Jerusalem - based marketing trends researcher with a PhD in Social Psychology .
She says that internet encounters , be they ones such as on Chatroulette or dating sites , or the sending of explicit photos , are about satisfying the feeling of excitement that comes when we are allowed inside private places and invite people into them too .
Chatroulette , in particular , where you are literally live in front of a total stranger , takes this to extremes .
I fear for what is going to happen next .
For , when you think back to the creation of mobile phones , what started as a useful way of communicating quickly turned into sexting ( sending explicit text messages ) .
Poll Would you let your teenager use Chatroulette ?
No Yes Would you let your teenager use Chatroulette ?
No 7821 votes
Yes 4700 votes Now share your opinion
Now , we face the worrying prospect that a growing number of men find it acceptable to expose themselves to strangers online - and the young girls watching them not only think it 's normal , but some even agree to perform sex acts on themselves in return .
Will this soon become the perverted future of courtship ?
Just think of the way that Ashley Cole threw away his marriage to Cheryl Cole by texting naked photos of himself to a stranger , before embarking on an alleged affair with her .
17 - year - old Ashleigh Hall was raped and murdered by 26 - year - old Peter Chapman , a man who had met and groomed her on Facebook .
Let us no longer pretend that this is all a ' bit of fun ' .
How long will it be before we hear of a similar Chatroulette tragedy ?
Sarita Yardi , a PhD candidate at the Georgia Institute of Technology , is studying the role of technology in teenagers ' lives .
She says that the idea of showing your face to strangers violates almost all social norms of the offline world .
' If someone walked up to you at a cocktail party , stared at you intensely , then simply walked away , you would feel confused and probably offended , ' she says .
She advises parents to think carefully about what material is socially appropriate for their child and to weigh up the risks and rewards .
' It 's like an online Lord Of The Flies , ' she says .
' There are too many unacceptable cultural and moral boundaries that are crossed - like random and unpredictable exposure to nakedness - for it to persist in its present state .
This brings up interesting questions of governance . '
Indeed it does .
The startling lack of internet controls has been a cause of anxiety for parents for some time .
While users of other social networking sites are urged to check the identities of those they talk to , Chatroulette aficionados socially enter into conversation with random strangers who remain entirely anonymous .
' The fact that my daughter and her friends are not shocked by the site is shocking in itself '
Our children live in an age where the internet is all that they 've ever known and they have access to all manner of images and information that we , as children , were not exposed to .
According to a recent Home Office report on the Sexualisation of Young People , 99 per cent of eight to 17 - year - olds have access to the internet and 60 per cent of 12 to 15 - year - olds say that they mostly use it on their own .
The study found that 49 per cent of children aged eight to 17 have an online profile on sites such as Bebo , MySpace and Facebook and that girls report being under increasing pressure to display themselves in their underwear online .
Almost half of them say that their parents set no rules for the use of such sites .
Chatroulette has taken social networking to the next level and provides a perfect forum for men to prey on vulnerable girls and women .
The images I encountered were shockingly pornographic , and it disturbs me profoundly to think that my 16 - year - old has been exposed to them , even if she does have the street smarts to move swiftly on if she encounters anything unseemly .
The site is little more than a haven for exhibitionists and voyeurs .
It 's not a game , it 's porn , and pornography is addictive , corrosive and promotes unhealthy sexual stereotypes and behaviour for girls and boys .
It undermines dignity and respect for others by making sexual intimacy into little more than a spectator sport without love , commitment or responsibility .
Depressingly , the business world has been quick to exploit the opportunities of this viral site , now worth an estimated £ 30 million , which has spread like bushfire around the world .
Fred Wilson , a New York - based venture capitalist with Union Square Ventures who has invested in dozens of dotcom companies , including Twitter , states on his blog : ' The internet is this huge network with over a billion people worldwide on it .
' Chatroulette feels like a cool way to take a quick trip around that network , meeting people and talking to them . '
But while the site 's founder claims he built it so he and his friends could start doing things together online , like watching movies or making things , those aims have quickly been subverted .
And , as I discovered during my short venture into that world , it 's yet another example of the pernicious sexual culture that threatens to corrupt the fibre of our children 's innocence .
Ever wonder what the days of the week would be like if they took human form ?
Kind of like that really annoying song from the 90’s about God being one of us , except what if MONDAY was one of us ?
I spent some time pondering this most serious matter and came up with some possibilities … for my week anyway .
Your humanized form of Monday could be the archenemy of mine .
Here ’s what I got ( besides lovin ) .
Sunday – Would most definitely take a humanized form of someone like my Grandma Nellie who I only picture sitting in her rocking chair and knitting while watching golf on tv .
That woman could , and would knit anything .
Even shopping bags .
Sunday would be an old woman just hanging out in a bathrobe , always .
Monday – Hmm … tough one .
Monday would be a baby of some kind .
A baby dressed as a lobster , more specifically .
Monday means its back to the grind , and sometimes it feels like you are being shoved into a pot of boiling water .
Not actually , but this is what happens to lobsters .
Point is , sometimes Mondays are like a slap in the face .
Monday is a lobster baby trying to make it in this wild , wild world .
Tuesday –
No question this day would be an angry old man with a top hat and Harry Potter glasses .
Tuesday probably has a thick British accent too .
As of recent , Tuesdays have become long monotonous days where all I want to do is make this old man face .
That is a hard face to make in public , I do my best though .
If I saw Tuesday in real life , I would take him out for a drink …or three .
Wednesday – Wednesday Addams , obviously .
Thursda y –
This day would be Lindsay Lohan .
She ’s always thirsty , and so is Thursday .
Therefore , Lindsay MUST be Thursday .
Friday – Fridays are wacky , just like Willy Wonka .
Gene Wilder Wonka , not Johnny Depp Wonka .
Yeah , definitely Wilder .
Saturday –
This is a motivation day .
Productivity at its finest !
Saturday would be someone like Denzel Washington in Remember The Titans .
I would listen to anything that man said , especially if The Temptations were playing as my life soundtrack .
Well there you have it , my week in human form !
What a relief to finally have this all figured out .
Feels like a giant weight has been lifted off my shoulders .
You should do this too .
That way , you can pass people on the street and think to yourself , “ She is such a Thursday . ”
Maybe not , that does n’t sound as fun as I imagined .
Whatever , just humanize your week for pure amusement !
It ’s fun , I swear .
For Immediate Release
WASHINGTON – The Libertarian Party ( LP ) will hold its National Convention in St. Louis from Saturday , May 29 , through Monday , May 31 .
The convention will take place at the Renaissance Grand Hotel in St. Louis .
The press is welcome to attend .
Information about the convention , including the schedule , is available at the convention website .
The convention has been titled “ Gateway to Liberty . ”
Additional meetings and related events will occur on May 27 and 28 .
Unlike the Democratic and Republican parties , the Libertarian Party holds a national convention every two years .
At this convention , delegates from around the country will be amending the party ’s platform and bylaws , and will elect officers and other members to the Libertarian National Committee .
One of the highlights of the convention will be the hotly contested election to replace outgoing Chairman William Redpath .
Five Libertarians have declared their candidacies in that race .
Redpath commented , “ We ’re seeing tremendous voter antipathy toward the Democratic and Republican parties .
This is shaping up to be an exciting year for the Libertarian Party . ”
Currently , there are 632 Libertarian candidates declared for the November 2 elections , including 172 candidates for U.S. Congress .
A list of candidates may be viewed here .
Among the speakers at the convention will be Bob Barr , the LP ’s 2008 presidential nominee .
For more information , or to arrange an interview , call LP Executive Director Wes Benedict at 202-333-0008 ext. 222 .
The LP is America ’s third - largest political party , founded in 1971 .
The Libertarian Party stands for free markets and civil liberties .
You can find more information on the Libertarian Party at our website .
###
Sex .
Greed .
Family Secrets .
Lorenzen Wright .
Now , stunning new details and exclusive audio recordings .
‘ Mystery in Memphis ’ the new 20 / 20 event airs tonight at 9|8c on ABC .
Washington ( CNN ) --
A war memorial shaped like a cross that has been at the center of a Supreme Court fight has been torn down by vandals from its remote perch in a California desert .
The 6 - foot - tall metal structure was removed Sunday night from Sunrise Rock in a lonely stretch of the Mojave National Preserve , said government officials and veterans groups that have been fighting for years to keep the cross on national park land .
The National Park Service said it is investigating the incident ; no arrests had been made as of Tuesday morning .
The high court on April 28 ruled the cross did not violate the constitutional separation of church and state .
The American Civil Liberties Union , which had brought the original lawsuit to have the cross removed , promised to continue the court fight .
The Veterans of Foreign Wars and the Liberty Institute , the legal organization that represents the veterans groups in the case , are offering rewards totaling $ 35,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those behind the theft .
" This is an outrage , akin to desecrating people 's graves , " said Kelly Shackelford , president and CEO of Liberty Institute .
" It 's a disgraceful attack on the selfless sacrifice of our veterans .
We will not rest until this memorial is re-installed . "
The Latin cross was first erected in 1934 by a local VFW unit to honor war dead .
It has been rebuilt several times over the years , and Easter services are held annually at the remote desert site .
The site is on national park land that totals about 1.6 million acres , or 2,500 square miles .
The cross itself was embedded in rock held in place by concrete .
Whomever removed it would have had to climb up the steep outcropping , maneuvering around rattlesnakes that hide in the crevices .
A federal judge in 2001 ordered the cross covered with plywood until the legal issues were resolved .
Many tourists driving by the site had believed the memorial was a neglected billboard .
The Park Service told CNN the wooden cover was reported missing Saturday morning .
When staff arrived Monday to replace it , the cross itself was missing .
" Park law enforcement is investigating this crime and is asking for the public 's assistance , " said Linda Slater , a Mojave National Preserve spokeswoman .
The unofficial caretakers of the structure said they are heartbroken at its disappearance .
Henry and Wanda Sandoz have driven 140 miles each way from their home on a weekly basis to maintain the area .
Sitting near the cross last September , Henry Sandoz told CNN he has done heavy maintenance over the years .
" Up until the box went on it , I would replace it when it got knocked down , repair it , " he said .
" The last time , I had to get a couple of cowboys across the way and they helped me put it up .
We had to literally to hoist it up because it 's heavy , 3 - inch pipe , and filled it with cement .
I put it up to stay . "
Frank Buono , a former Park Service employee , initiated the lawsuit , saying the cross represented government endorsement of the Christian faith .
A federal appeals court ultimately agreed , and rejected a move by Congress in 2003 to transfer the tiny portion of land where the cross sits to the VFW as a privately held national memorial .
The justices did not completely resolve the fight over the fate of the cross , but the conservative majority re-affirmed recent rulings that there is a limited place for religious symbols on government land .
" It is reasonable to interpret the congressional designation as giving recognition to the historical meaning that the cross had attained , " wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy .
" The Constitution does not oblige government to avoid any public acknowledgment of religion 's role in society . "
Michael Dell took the stage at the Citrix Synergy conference yesterday and , like any good CEO with a hot , new product on the horizon , he could not resist the opportunity to show off a shiny new Dell Streak .
While the crowd at the virtualization conference was entertained with a minute long preview of the handheld device , the rest of the world was given the juicy tidbit of information that confirms the Android device will land in Europe via O2 Telefonica in June and in the US via AT&T later this summer .
Anyone else excited for sun , sand , and Android this summer ?
Read
Electronic Frontiers Australia today revealed what it said was evidence that Stephen Conroy ’s department was hosting a protected online forum to discuss controversial issues about the Government ’s internet filter initiative , including the lack of a complete draft of the planned legislation as of several weeks ago and the possibility of making it an offence to promote methods of circumventing the filter .
Delimiter has sighted apparent screenshots from the forum possessed by the EFA .
The digital rights advocacy group believes the site is being hosted internally by the Department of Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy ( DBCDE ) .
In the screenshots , ISPs such as Pacific Internet and Webshield — which will be required to implement the scheme if it goes ahead — discuss the filter with un -named departmental officials .
The office of Communications Minister Stephen Conroy has been contacted with a list of questions to respond to the information contained in the forum .
In December , Communications Minister Conroy had stated the filter legislation would hit Parliament by March , a time frame echoed by Labor Senator Kate Lundy in early February .
But in a posting on the forum which appeared to be dated April 13 , the Department wrote that at that stage “ there is no complete draft of the legislation ” , although the drafting process had commenced .
“ One of the purposes of consulting with ISPs through this forum is to seek feedback on issues that will be covered in the legislation , which the Department can then take into account in the drafting process , ” it added .
No decision had yet been taken on whether the Government would publicly release an exposure draft of the filter legislation , as it has recently done with similar broadband legislation , the department wrote .
In essence , DBCDE added , the legislation will require ISPs to filter URLs on the Australian Communications and Media Authority ’s Refused Classification ( RC ) blacklist , without specifying exactly how they did it — “ consistent with usual drafting practice and the desire to keep legislation as technologically neutral as possible ” .
Pro-choice euthanasia group Exit International and others such as IT reseller ProxyMate .
net have already started promoting ways to get around the filter legislation , and Conroy ’s office has publicly stated it would not be an offence to bypass the filter .
But DBCDE warned ISPs against promoting the practice in its posting .
“ We would be concerned if an ISP actively promoted sites or instructions for the specific purpose of circumventing the filter , ” it wrote .
“ The Department is exploring whether the legislation needs to make this deliberate and specific promotion of circumvention an offence or whether it is already adequately addressed through existing offences in legislation . ”
“ Rather than actually driving this policy with available evidence as it assures us it does , the government seems to have established a private echo chamber out of reach of public scrutiny and criticism , ” said EFA vice chair Geordie Guy .
“ The only thing that is more dismaying , is that canvassing of opinion within this secret club seems to be even less successful than it is publicly , and points out where the minister has misdirected Australians on the government ’s intentions as a bonus prize . ”
High - traffic sites and games
The forum postings also revealed the Department ’s ideas about other controversial aspects of the internet filtering initiative .
For example , although Conroy has stated that trials have shown that the impact of the filter on internet speeds would be 70 - times less than the blink of an eye , the Department noted it was currently exploring options for managing high - traffic sites in a way that minimised the risk of customers experiencing a noticeable speed impact .
“ This includes options that would see [ Refused Classification ] content hosted on high traffic sites being managed without it having to be included in the RC Content List , and thus filtered by ISPs , ” it wrote .
“ These discussions are ongoing , so at this stage the Department is unable to provide further detail on exactly how this process might work . ”
The Department noted “ as a minimum ” , the RC Content List — or blacklist — would contain a list of URLs with unencrypted content .
But it noted it was aware that there might be some encrypted HTTPS pages — “ for example , log in pages ” — which could be “ seen ” by ISPs , and that it was interested in comments on the practicality of including such pages on the blacklist if they had RC content .
The filter legislation will also allow RC video games to be included on the blacklist at some point , depending on whether the Federal and state governments decide to introduce an R18 + category for games or not .
The Department plans to start by including the websites of RC games on the blacklist so that they can not be accessed .
“ The technicalities of filtering non-HTTP game traffic will be a consideration in any decision regarding filtering online games , ” wrote the Department .
“ One consideration could be the potential effectiveness of selectively blocking RC game traffic using IP address and port numbers , and of remote updates to that information through Border Gateway Protocol . ”
The Department also clarified questions about what level of RC content will be blocked on individual sites , responding to a Pacific Internet example using The Age newspaper by saying that it was “ an accurate illustration of the situation ” .
The filter will block a URL and any sub-link of that URL on the blacklist .
For example , if the list contained :
http://www.theage.com.au
Then the filter would also match and block :
http://www.theage.com.au/news/technology/biztech/yahoo-ceo-jerry-yang-to-step-down/2008/11/18/1226770419907.html
But if the list contained :
http://www.theage.com.au/index.html
Then it would not also block :
http://www.theage.com.au/news/technology/biztech/yahoo-ceo-jerry-yang-to-step-down/2008/11/18/1226770419907.html
Image credits : Paul Brunskill , royalty free and Delimiter
So you ’re asking yourself , what is this “ Milestone C ” ?
Programs of record are structured with several milestones that they must reach in order to progress from good idea to fielded piece of equipment .
In the case of milestone C , it is the decision to “ authorize ” full production and fielding .
And in this case in particular , it is intriguing choice of words .
SOCOM and Crane have remained mum on this decision but have been talking in general terms about a forthcoming milestone C decision for years .
Below is the press release from FNH , manufacturers of the SCAR for SOCOM that is the only known announcement of the move .
FNH USA , LLC received notification from the USSOCOM Program Executive Officeâ € ” SOF Warrior ( PEOâ € ” SW ) that the SCAR Acquisition Decision Memorandum ( ADM ) was approved and signed on April 14 , 2010 , moving this FN Herstal ( FN ) program into the Milestone C phase .
This decision authorizes the production and deployment of the Special Operations Forces ( SOF ) Combat Assault Rifle ( SCAR ) MK 16 and MK 17 , as well as the Enhanced Grenade Launcher Module ( EGLM ) MK 13 .
Following a worldwide solicitation to the military firearms industry , nine vendors submitted a dozen different designs for a new modular , multi-caliber weapons system .
The FN SCAR submission was the only weapons system to pass all of the Go / No - Go criteria and was unanimously chosen in November 2004 by the selection board composed of senior operators from every SOF component .
The SCAR is the first new assault rifle procured by the U.S. Military through a full and open competition since the M16 trials were held in the mid-1960s .
Tests in reliability , accuracy , safety and ergonomics were administered from August 2005 to September 2008 and were conducted in a variety of environments including urban , maritime , jungle and winter / mountain operational test scenarios .
The SCAR weapons system successfully endured more than two million rounds of ammunition during these trials , therein making it one of the most heavily tested weapons in the history of small arms .
â€ œThe SCAR is one of the most tested small arms in our militaryâ€™s history and is currently being employed in the fight to defend freedom , â€ said United States Senator Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) , member of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
â€ œProducts of excellence , like the SCAR , represent the continuation of a long and proud tradition of defense manufacturing in South Carolina .
I look forward to the continued use of this weapons system.â€ 
The FN SCAR system consists of two highly adaptable modular rifle platforms and a grenade launcher .
Type - designated as the MK 16 MOD 0 5.56 mm Special Operations Forces Combat Assault Rifle and the MK 17 MOD 0 7.62 mm Special Operations Forces Combat Assault Rifle , both weapons are available with three different barrel lengths optimized for conducting operations in close - quarters combat , standard infantry and longer - range precision fire roles .
All SCAR barrels can be easily interchanged by the operator in just minutes to instantly meet the requirements of virtually any mission .
The MK 13 MOD 0 40 mm Enhanced Grenade Launcher Module ( EGLM ) quickly mounts under the barrel of either SCAR platform , providing additional capability to the individual warfighterâ€™s firepower , and can be easily configured for use as a stand - alone weapon as well .
Because of the SCAR systemâ€™s modular design , ergonomic commonality ( 100 % ) and parts commonality ( greater than 80 % ) , it represents a significant reduction in training costs and life - cycle support .
The weapon systemâ€™s open architecture is designed to support future advancements in operational requirements including ammunition , aiming devices , sighting systems and other mission critical equipment .
â€ œThe SCAR weapons system is a major USSOCOM program whose success is a direct result of the effort , commitment and teamwork provided by FN and the U.S. Government .
We are extremely pleased to have had the opportunity to work with such a strong team in achieving the Milestone C decision , â€ said Mark Cherpes , Vice President of Military Operations for FNH USA .
â€œThis milestone signifies that our products are operationally effective and suitable for mass fielding .
We believe that the SCAR is the most flexible , reliable and cost - effective small arms weapons system ever offered to Americaâ€™s servicemen and women , and that it will give them a significant operational advantage in both present and future conflicts.â€ 
Now take a look at the two dates associated with this release .
SOCOM approved the milestone C decision on April 14 , 2010 yet the weapon was down selected in November , 2004 .
So it took five - and - a - half years for SOCOM to work the bugs out of the weapon to the point where they could authorize production .
Based on feedback we have received from the field , it has been a long road and the weapon continues to have its fleas .
But a few examples of issues that continue to plague the weapon are the reciprocating charging handle , ergonomics issues , pencil barrel to meet weight standards , and a butt stock that can be unlocked with a simple tap in the right place .
Additionally , both variants of the SCAR are said to be battering the SOPMOD II accessories during firing despite a requirement that the SCAR is compatible with them .
Another issue is that due to the low numbers , the guns are still being manufactured in Belgium and assembled here .
FNH has still not set up a US line .
However , in a stroke of engineering genius , FN has developed the common receiver which essentially makes the Mk 16 and Mk 17 the single , modular weapon envisioned in the original requirements document .
With the advent of this common receiver , essentially every rifle has a Mk 17 receiver , and with the addition of a new barrel and receiver insert , the rifle can be converted to a Mk 16 .
This may be one of the main sticking points on how many weapons and type are actually fielded .
Sources claim that originally , the program was supposed to procure 4 Mk 16 SCAR - Lights for every Mk 17 SCAR - Heavy .
However , once the weapons hit the field , few operators were willing to replace their M4 SOPMODs with the Mk 16 and demand turned this basis of issue on its head flip - flopping the numbers .
In fact , the few photos that have been released by DoD show troops carrying Mk 17s rather than the 5.56 Mk 16 .
And why might you ask is this the case ?
Quite simply because SOCOM lacks a 7.62 battle rifle .
And what is even more interesting is how the Mk 17 was even fielded in the first place .
The simple fact of the matter is that the Mk 17 never participated in a small arms down select .
It was selected simply because SOCOM added a requirement for a 7.62 big brother for the 5.56 SCAR - light .
The Mk 17 did not participate in the initial source selection and at the command level , SOCOM has never competed the SCAR - Heavy against any other rifles .
Furthermore , with the various issues surrounding the weapon , it will be interesting the see how the Mk 16 SCAR - Light will fair if it is entered in next year ’s Army Improved Carbine program .
While the troops are happy with the enhanced capability of the Mk 17 , it too has some special problems in addition to those already common with the Mk 16 .
For example , the current magazine is a modified FN FAL 20 round magazine which falls short of SOCOM ’s desired 25 rounds .
Additionally , with the Mk 13 EGLM fitted to the Mk 16 , the current mag is completely enclosed in the weapon and can get stuck if it does n’t fall free .
The issue of the Mk 13 also makes it all but impossible to develop a polymer magazine for the Mk 17 without major engineering changes .
We cannot lay blame for this dilemma at the feet of FNH nor can we throw Crane under the bus either .
After all , FNH is just building to the requirements and Crane has an excellent history , overseeing the development of the SOPMOD program .
Both are very successful entities in their own right .
It ’s really more a case of acquisition run amok .
It is just difficult to stop a program once it is going , even one gone wrong .
Add to this SOCOM ’s MFP - 11 service - like acquisition authority and you have a situation where they can’t afford to drop the ball on something as simple as a battle rifle when the services wait for their chance to gobble up the funding line .
We will watch to see if the word “ authorize ” in the press release means that the program is just administratively on track and the things that need to happen are happening for bureaucracy ’s sake , or that SOCOM will procure the full or an amended Basis of Issue and field them to its components .
Even more telling will be if those weapons are actually being used .
Man Turned Away for Breast Cancer Screening
Even with family history , federal funds do n't pay for male breast screening .
April 8 , 2010  -- Scott Cunningham has been vigilant about his health since both his parents were diagnosed with breast cancer in the 1990s .
When Cunningham , who is 45 and from Marion , N.C. , developed the same symptoms as his father -- " knots " on the chest underneath the nipple -- he put off getting help for months because he had been laid off from his job at a furniture plant and was uninsured .
" My chest is swollen , just like it started with my dad , " said Cunningham , who also said he feels tired and " different " than he did just a few months ago .
But as symptoms got worse , he finally called the local health clinic and was turned away -- not for financial reasons , but because he was a man .
The clinic , the Rutherford - Polk - McDowell Health District 's National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program , is funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which only serves women , aged 40 to 60 .
The early detection program provides low - income , uninsured and underserved women access to timely breast and cervical cancer screening and diagnostic services .
" I am not the type to ask for anything , " he said .
" I had to work up the guts to call them .
Their reply was , ' We do it for women , not for men . ' "
" I did n't know what to do at first , " said Cunningham .
" I was stunned and confused .
Breast cancer used to be just a woman 's cancer , but now it 's well known men are susceptible . "
Helen
White , clinical nursing supervisor at the Rutherford - Polk - McDowell Health Department , confirmed that federal breast screening funds are limited to women , but she said everything will be done to help Cunningham find a referral for medical care .
" As with any other situation it would be based on whether he has insurance , Medicaid or is low - income [ eligibility ] , " said White .
We would refer him to a couple of options , a free clinic in the county , or Health Plus , which is a sliding scale at the hospital -- whether he was male or female . "
White was able to reach Cunngingham today and offer assistance .
While breast cancer among men is 100 times less common than among women , it can be deadly .
The American Cancer Society reported nearly 2,000 cases of male breast cancer in the United States in 2009 .
About 440 of those men will die from the disease .
Compare that to 240,000 women who will develop the disease and the 40,000 who will die this year .
Though it is most common in older men , it can occur at any age .
And , as with women , early diagnosis gives patients a better shot at a cure .
Kiss Drummer , ' Shaft ' Actor Both Had Breast Cancer
Like Cunningham , men often delay seeing their doctors , and for that reason many male breast cancers are only discovered when the disease is more advanced .
According to the Mayo Clinic , symptoms include a painless lump or thickening in the breast tissue , changes in the skin or in the nipple , such as dimpling or redness , and discharge .
High - profile men who have had the disease include the late U.S. Sen .
Edward Brooke of Massachusetts ; Richard Rountree , star of the 1971 movie , " Shaft ; " and Peter Criss , the drummer for the 1970s band Kiss .
Criss , now 64 and cancer - free , underwent a lumpectomy in 2008 when he found a lump on his left nipple .
" It can happen to you , and when it does , if you do n't deal with it right away , with your ' dude ' and your metal and your tattoos , you 'll go in the box and we 'll see you , " he told Reuters earlier this year .
Criss has talked publicly about the stigma and " excruciating " pain associated with treatment designed for women 's bodies .
" Whoever invented ( mammogram machines ) had to do it in the medieval days , " he said , but the screening is worthwhile .
That was the case with both of Cunningham 's parents , who were diagnosed with breast cancer only six months apart .
His father Bob , a jet - turbine mechanic retired from the U.S. Air Force , has been successfully treated with Tamoxifen .
His mother Shirley found her tumor during a breast self - exam and had a double mastectomy .
Both had medical coverage through the Department of Veteran 's Affairs .
Bob Cunningham , now 79 , had been taken aback by his own diagnosis .
" I sure did n't realize men had breast cancer , " he said .
" My doctor had seen maybe one or two in his whole practice , but that year he had already had three . "
" How many husbands and wives get diagnosed in the same year ? " asked Scott , their son .
" But they 're doing OK . "
Scott Cunningham , who is divorced and has an 11 - year - old son , has been living with his parents since he lost his job .
" I try not to let it get me down , " he said .
His mother , Shirley , said the government should provide screening to men , as well as to women .
" It 's very discriminating as far as I am concerned , " she said .
" We have four sons and another one had a physical recently and told his doctor his dad had breast cancer , and they wanted to start having mammograms .
But he does n't have insurance either . "
The danger of not getting early screening is that men will get diagnosed at a later stage , when the disease is less treatable .
For that reason , death rates are higher among men .
Often it is the stigma of the " female disease " that keeps them away .
Both father and son are not bothered by those stereotypes .
" Some men would hang their heads , but no way , I am a man , " said Scott Cunningham .
Male Breast Cancer Runs in Families
Male breast cancer has a strong genetic link , according to Dr. Deborah Axelrod , director of the breast program at New York University Clinical Cancer Center .
" The telling factor [ in Scott Cunningham 's case ] is that his father had breast cancer , and that is the number one signal for us to be suspicious , " she said .
" I suspect the dad had a genetic predisposition and was carrying a [ gene ] mutation that increases risk for male cancer . "
In men with breast cancer , one in six has the BRCA cancer mutation -- the same one that puts women at higher risk , according to Axelrod .
Mutations in the BRCA gene are not sex - linked and can run on both the maternal and paternal side , so patients need to be better informed to share family history with their doctors .
Though she advocates for more public awareness about male breast cancer , Axelrod is not critical of the CDC 's female - only screening funds .
" It 's designed for women , because only 1 percent of all breast cancers occur in men , " she said .
" They have to address what is common and It 's not common for men .
They could use the same equipment , but there are no screening guidelines for men . "
Both patients and their doctors should be more aware of the dangers of male breast cancer .
" In this instance the man is asking for help and may not get timely care , " said Axelrod .
" But men also sometimes do n't go on their own for timely care .
We do n't have big public awareness for men to watch for breast cancer , even among physicians . "
Have you ever watched a movie where a character figures out the answer to a complicated puzzle before you do , or makes some logical connection that you did n't see until it was pointed out ?
I 'll bet it made you a little impressed by the character 's mental abilities .
" Wow , " you may have thought , " that character sure is smart . "
Now , have you ever noticed that you do n't get that feeling at all while watching the Star Wars movies ?
Seriously , the main characters are supposed to be the elite — the crème de la crème of the galaxy far , far away — but without exception they make some of the most boneheaded decisions you 're ever likely to see .
Here , then , is the evidence I 've gathered to prove this point .
I will make a few references to the prequel trilogy , but am content that characters featured only in those movies can be proved idiots by simply referring to their dialogue .
And the Clone Wars movie and series introduce far too many characters to deal with in a blog article .
So I 'll be concerning myself primarily with the original trilogy .
Emperor Palpatine :
You 're the leader of a powerful Galactic Empire , and you spent an enormous amount of time and resources building a giant planet - killing space station .
Then the pesky rebels went and blew it all to bits , wasting all that investment and presumably killing many thousands of your troops .
So what do you do as a followup ?
Why , build another one , of course !
Now , perhaps that 's just hubris , not stupidity , but do n't you think you 'd get the best engineering minds in your Empire to look over the plans to make sure they did n't have a giant gaping flaw in them that could be exploited the same way the first one did ?
And do n't you think it might make just a little more sense to have the ( " fully armed and operational " ) Death Star generate its own protective shield , rather than situating the source on a nearby moon full of walking teddy bears ?
And of course , there 's no reason to pay attention to the mental state of your right - hand guy Darth Vader , even though you know his mind is easily manipulated because that 's how he became your right - hand man in the first place .
Speaking of Darth Vader : So , OK , let 's assume he believes Palpatine about Padme 's death and figures the baby ( since he does n't know she was pregnant with twins ) died , too .
He was young and naive when that happened , so we 'll give that a pass .
But in the ensuing 18 to 20 years , he never bothers to check up on Tatooine to see if anything interesting is happening there ?
I mean , despite the mentions of Tatooine as a galactic backwater , it 's got a major spaceport , a very popular podracing arena , and moreover , is where Vader was born !
Vader may not have wanted to go back there , but at least he should have sent a spy to see if Obi-Wan showed up , and to keep an eye out for anything unusual — you know , like a kid with the last name " Skywalker " living with Vader 's stepbrother and his wife .
Which bring us to Obi-Wan Kenobi : what a complete , unmitigated dumbass .
He 's trying to hide Vader 's son from him , knowing that this son may turn out to be vital in the eventual destruction of the Empire .
He knows all too well that Vader is an incredibly powerful ( even after being badly injured in their duel )
Sith lord who as the Emperor 's right hand has access to virtually unlimited resources .
So , naturally , the best place to hide this son is by giving him to Vader 's stepbrother to raise , in the house Vader used to live in , and to give him the same highly - distinctive last name Vader used to have .
As if that were n't bad enough , he also decides to live on Tatooine to keep an eye on Luke — an idea that might have some merit if he did n't let his presence be known ( Luke knows about him , remember ) and did n't use his real last name , too !
It seems that mastery of the Jedi way does n't include basic common sense about what to do when trying to hide from a Galactic Empire that 's trying to kill you .
And that does n't even cover all of his stupidity :
Think about how , in Empire , Yoda has to tell him ( well , his ghost , but close enough ) that there 's another hope for the good guys apart from Luke .
Kenobi was there when Luke and Leia were born , but Yoda still has to remind him .
What a dumbass .
Which brings us to Yoda :
Not only does he approve of Kenobi 's plan regarding Luke , but he goes and hides himself away from everyone else so he can't help out without being sought after .
This is of course to protect him from the Empire , but it does n't really do much to help the rebellion , either .
Then there 's his protest against teaching Luke after he reveals his identity to him , as though there were really another choice for the rebellion 's hero .
And he ( to say nothing of Obi- Wan 's ghost ) never bothers to mention to him that his relationship with Leia is just not a good idea .
Speaking of Luke Skywalker :
We can excuse Luke for his comparison of targeting the exhaust port on the first Death Star to bullseyeing womp rats in his T - 16 on Tatooine , despite the fact that ( one assumes ) the womp rats were not at the time flying TIE fighters nearby , trying to kill him .
He 's young and naive when he makes that statement .
But by the time Return of the Jedi rolls around , he 's supposed to be older and wiser , right ?
So look at the insane plan he concocts to rescue Han from Jabba the Hutt : First Lando has to infiltrate Jabba 's guards — evidently that was really easy , since we are n't told how he did it .
Then C3PO and R2 - D2 have to donate themselves to Jabba , the only clear reason being so that Artoo can give Luke back his lightsaber at the crucial moment later on .
Then Leia , dressed as a bounty hunter , needs to bring Chewie in as a prisoner , too , and then go and get Han out of the carbonite ; why Lando could n't have done this , we are n't told .
Only then does Luke arrive .
Luke later tells
Han he 's " thought of everything , " but he does n't look too well - prepared when he 's dropped in the Rancor pit , and how the heck could he have known that Jabba would n't just order his henchmen to open fire on Luke and his friends on the spot ?
We enjoy Leia in the slave costume as much as anyone else , but really , would n't it have made a lot more sense for Lando and Luke to do the whole thing themselves ?
Which brings us to Han Solo : Picture this :
You 're a smuggler by trade .
Due to unforeseen circumstances you end up with a price on your head , put there by gangster kingpin Jabba the Hutt .
You then decide to hang out in a bar in a very popular spaceport on the same planet as Jabba 's headquarters .
Why ?
Because you 're an idiot , of course .
You also , despite being a highly - experienced spaceship pilot , mistake parsecs for a unit of time instead of distance .
Not that far in the future , you finally get enough money that you can afford to pay off Jabba , so you wo n't have to keep running away from bounty hunters , but you do n't go right to Tatooine to give him the money .
Instead you follow your heart , or possibly a different organ , and stay with Princess Leia and the rebels as they move to Hoth , only deciding to leave just before the Empire arrives anyway .
Why ?
You 've got me .
When you mention Han , you have to mention Chewbacca :
He 's an influential elder wookiee , having worked with Yoda many years before .
So what the heck is he doing as Han 's first mate ?
He 's older and more experienced than Han , and except for falling for the Ewok trap on Endor , he tends not to do stupid things .
So why is n't he the captain and Han the first mate ?
And that brings us to Princess Leia :
She may be tough , and she may mostly be practical , but she makes the most boneheaded move of all .
They 're on the Millennium Falcon , having just escaped from the Death Star .
She knows that the Empire let them go and is tracking them , and we know she knows because she tells Han so .
So of course it makes perfect sense to head straight for the rebel 's home base — you know , the one whose location was a vital secret she resisted torture to protect , and which Alderaan was destroyed to protect .
She leads the Death Star right to the base despite not knowing if a weakness can be found in the plans Artoo 's carrying — we know she does n't know because she says she " only hope [s ] that when the data 's analyzed a weakness can be found . "
Would n't it have maybe made a little more sense to go somewhere completely unrelated to the home base 's location to analyze the data ?
Maybe stop somewhere for a short while and look for the tracking device so it could be disabled before going to the base ?
No , she very nearly loses the entire war because of her utterly dumbass choice .
And for some reason the other rebels leave her in charge afterward .
Which probably makes them all dumbasses , too .
As for the droids :
They 're only as good as their programming .
But really , C3PO is a neurotic , bumbling , babbling fool .
And yet R2 - D2 sticks with him , which , according to Obi-Wan , makes him the more foolish .
Of course , Obi-Wan is a dumbass , so that may not be a valid conclusion after all .
As the author / artist explains , this “ explores the ‘ photocopy effect ’ , where upon repeated copies the object begin to accumulate the idiosyncrasies of the medium doing the copying . ”
See how different the film becomes through various phases of uploading and ripping ( warning : turn down your headphones ) :
Video 1
WASHINGTON — A total of 775 banks , or one - tenth of all U.S. banks , were on the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .'s list of " problem " institutions in the first quarter , as bad loans in the commercial real - estate market weighed on bank balance sheets .
Poor loan performance in other sectors also continued to hurt banks , with the total number of loans at least three months past due climbing for the 16th consecutive quarter , FDIC officials said in a briefing on Thursday .
" The banking system still has many problems to work through , and we cannot ignore the possibility of more financial market volatility , " FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair said .
There were 702 on the FDIC's " problem " bank list at the end of 2009 and 252 at the end of 2008 .
( It ’s one am in late August . )
Me : “ Hello , guest services . ”
Guest : “ Yes , my air conditioner has stopped working .
Can you send a maintenance man up here right now to fix it ? ”
Me : “ Sir , our maintenance guy will be here at five am .
I can send him there as soon as he arrives .
If the room is unbearable , I will gladly place you in a room with a working air conditioner . ”
Guest : “ No , I do n’t want to switch rooms .
If you ca n’t come up here yourself to fix it now , I am going to jump in your pool ! ”
Me : “ Sir , the pool is closed for the night , but it will open at seven am .
Unfortunately , I am not sure how to fix your air conditioner .
However , I will gladly put you in another room . ”
Guest : “ Listen here , either you fix the machine right now or you let me get in the pool !
Or… let me have some cookies . ”
Me : “ Cookies , sir ? ”
Guest : “ Yes , cookies ! ”
Me : “ Sir , we have cookies down in the lobby 24 / 7 .
You are welcome to take all you want . ”
Guest : “ Okay , I ’ll be right there ! ”
This story is part of the American States roundup !
Want to read the next story ?
Click here !
Want to read the roundup ?
Click here !
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
In the movie “ Ironman 2 , ” Larry Ellison makes a cameo appearance as a billionaire , playboy software magnate .
It is a role he knows well .
He is playing himself -- chief executive of Oracle Corp , one of Silicon Valley ’s most enduring , successful and flamboyant figures .
Larry Ellison , owner of BMW Oracle , winner of the 33rd America 's Cup , stands next to the America 's Cup on the USS Midway in San Diego , California February 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS /K.C.
Alfred
At age 65 , he is undertaking one of the biggest challenges of his career , and it ’s not playing Hamlet on Broadway .
Oracle , the company Ellison founded three decades ago and built into dominant force in the software industry , is making a go at hardware with the acquisition of money - losing Sun Microsystems .
This is not entirely unlike MIT deciding to field a competitive football team , but Ellison being Ellison , he could not be less worried .
“ We have a wealth of technology to package into systems , ” said Ellison , who won the America ’s Cup in February .
“ I see no reason why we ca n’t get this to where Sun under Oracle should be larger than Sun ever was . ”
In a rare interview he discussed his turnaround efforts at Sun so far , revealed plans to purchase additional hardware companies and detailed new products that will launch in the near future .
And he did so with his usual in - your - face style -- heaping all manner of abuse , for example , on Sun ’s previous managers .
During the 1990s , Sun prospered by selling high - end computers at top dollar to large corporations and dot - com start - ups .
Its business peaked in 2001 , then slid with the collapse of the Internet boom and never recovered , though the company is still widely respected for its technological prowess and the brain power of its engineering staff .
Sun came into play in November 2008 after IBM CEO Sam Palmisano made an overture to buy it .
Oracle , which had been strictly a software maker , unexpectedly jumped in to outbid IBM by just 10 cents a share , paying a total of $ 5.6 billion in cash .
Now Ellison says he is going to rebuild Sun ’s hardware business by using a strategy that helped IBM prosper in the 1960s : Selling computer systems built with standardized bundles of hardware and software .
Plenty of skeptics doubt Ellison can pull it off .
Sun lost $ 2.2 billion in its last fiscal year as an independent company .
Conventional wisdom holds that he will end up divesting the company ’s hardware business .
Ellison has a pretty good track record when it comes to predicting where the industry is headed .
Besides innovating the wildly lucrative relational database that bears Oracle ’s name , Ellison was quicker than most in creating software that works with both Internet technology and the widely used Linux operating system .
He also started buying up smaller software makers in 2003 when critics said his consolidation strategy was doomed to fail .
It has n’t .
“ People have lost a lot of money second guessing Larry about IT strategy , ” said Dave Roux , co-founder of Silver Lake , the world ’s biggest private equity firm focused on technology , in which Ellison was an original investor .
“ He ’s a very thoughtful and reasoned observer of the big tectonic forces that kind of go rippling through the industry , ” said Roux , who worked for Oracle before setting up Silver Lake .
Ellison has maintained his status as the leader of a powerhouse in the topsy - turvy , protean technology world .
IBM , which pioneered business computers , nearly collapsed in the 1990s , but then recovered as it aggressively expanded in services and software .
Ellison ’s close friend Apple ’s Steve Jobs , was forced out of Apple , only to return a decade later to resurrect his company with the iPod .
Meanwhile , Google has replaced Microsoft as the ‘ ubertech company ’ and occasional villain .
Although his products are used by businesses only and not nearly as recognizable as Apple ’s Macs or Google ’s search engine , they ’ve made Ellison the world ’s sixth - richest man , worth an estimated $ 28 billion , according to Forbes .
Oracle counts the bulk of the world ’s major corporations as customers , and the company ’s market value now tops that of Hewlett - Packard , the world ’s top maker of personal computers .
STARING AT SUN
Ellison says he has already stopped the carnage at Sun , less than four months after the sale closed in January .
“ Their management made some very bad decisions that damaged their business and allowed us to buy them for a bargain price , ” he told Reuters .
He added that he expects profit from Sun ’s operations to boost Oracle ’s earnings in the current quarter , which ends May 31 .
The integration has proceeded swiftly , says Ellison , because a protracted antitrust review in Europe gave Oracle time to draw up an exhaustive plan for resuscitating Sun .
In typical Ellison fashion , he took a hands - on approach to the integration , choosing to meet directly with technical managers at Sun as often as four days a week to diagnose its problems , rather than delegating the work to underlings .
Mark Barrenechea , a former Oracle executive who used to sit in on weekly engineering meetings with Ellison and is now CEO of specialty computer maker Silicon Graphics International Corp. , says this is what Ellison does best .
“ He does n’t write the code .
He does n’t solder resisters onto motherboards .
But he understands how all the pieces fit together and how he wants the building to look , ” said Barrenechea .
When Ellison started scrutinizing Sun , he says he found plenty wrong : lots of waste among the billions of dollars that had gone into R&D in recent years .
The hardware maker had cut back the sales staff that sold its most profitable products , including its business computers and storage equipment , causing sales and earnings to decline .
It operated an antiquated manufacturing and distribution system .
It regularly sold hardware and software at a loss , sometimes losing more than $ 1 million on a single deal .
“ Oracle is much more disciplined on the financial side .
Much more detail oriented , ” said John Fowler , head of Oracle ’s new hardware division and the most senior Sun manager to survive the acquisition .
Ellison says he learned that Sun ’s pony - tailed chief executive , Jonathan Schwartz , ignored problems as they escalated , made poor strategic decisions and spent too much time working on his blog , which Sun translated into 11 languages .
“ The underlying engineering teams are so good , but the direction they got was so astonishingly bad that even they could n’t succeed , ” said Ellison .
“ Really great blogs do not take the place of great microprocessors .
Great blogs do not replace great software .
Lots and lots of blogs does not replace lots and lots of sales . ”
Schwartz declined comment as did Sun co-founder and former Chairman Scott McNealy .
At the start , Ellison shut down one of Schwartz ’s pet projects -- development of the “ Rock ” microprocessor for Sun ’s high - end SPARC server line , a semiconductor that had struggled in development for five years as engineers sought to overcome a string of technical problems .
“ This processor had two incredible virtues :
It was incredibly slow and it consumed vast amounts of energy .
It was so hot that they had to put about 12 inches of cooling fans on top of it to cool the processor , ” said Ellison .
“ It was just madness to continue that project . ”
More infuriating , says Ellison , is that Sun routinely sold equipment at a loss because it was more focused on boosting revenue than generating profits .
The sales staff was compensated based on deal size , not profit .
So the commission on a $ 1 million sale that generated $ 500,000 in profit was the same as one that cost the company $ 100,000 , he said .
“ The sales force could care less if they sold things that lost money because the commission was the same in either case , ” he said .
Ellison added that Sun also lost money when it resold high - end storage equipment from Hitachi Ltd , storage software from Symantec Corp and consulting services from other companies .
Oracle is ending those deals .
Ellison has been pruning
Sun ’s line of low - end servers , an area where it lost money as it tried to compete in volume with market leaders Hewlett - Packard Co and Dell Corp .
Sun never gained enough share to make it price competitive , but Ellison says that Sun became so desperate to goose the unit ’s revenue the company would pay a fortune to charter planes during the last two days of a quarter so that it could book extra sales for the period .
REORG OF A SALES FORCE
In recent years , Sun outsourced much of its sales , counting on resellers to promote its products .
That ’s anathema at Oracle , which employs 22,000 salespeople and 11,000 software consultants who work directly with its largest customers .
One casualty of that strategy was StorageTek , a maker of tape storage systems for mainframe computers , which Sun bought for $ 4 billion in 2005 .
“ Astonishingly they laid off all the sales people and they laid off all the field service people .
They just got rid of them all , ” he said .
“ Guess what ?
Sales dropped .
It ’s breathtaking ! ”
The result : Sun went from being tied with IBM as the market leader in 2005 to No. 2 in 2009 , when its $ 474 million in sales were about half those of IBM , according to data from IDC .
On the day the acquisition closed , Oracle advertised openings for some 2,000 hardware sales reps , which would almost double Sun ’s previous sales force of 3,000 .
They have their work cut out .
Sun ’s share of the server and storage markets slipped last year as the company ’s pending sale raised uncertainty about its future .
It slid from second to third place last year in the $ 13 billion UNIX server market behind IBM and HP , while sales of its storage gear plunged 27 percent , according to IDC .
Now Ellison is looking to win back customers by boosting investment in Sun ’s key technologies -- including the SPARC microprocessor chip , the brain of its elite server line ; the Solaris operating system that runs those computers , and the MySQL database as well as the widely used Java computer language .
“ It ’s picking the Sun technologies that are commercializable and focusing on those , and ignoring those that are not .
They are just science projects , ” said Ellison .
LESSONS LEARNED
As he enters the hardware business , Ellison is looking to repeat the success he had with his last big strategy shift -- an acquisition spree that began in June 2003 with a hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft , a maker of programs for managing human resources .
Prior to that , Ellison was known to mock advisers who recommended that he consider acquisitions , saying “ we write software , we do n’t write checks . ”
But he changed gears after more than a decade of unsuccessful attempts to design his own business management software , an area where Germany ’s SAP AG was rapidly consolidating its lead .
At the time there were few examples of successful acquisitions in the software industry , let alone hostile deals , but the purchase proved a winner , and Oracle has since spent more than $ 35 billion buying some five dozen software makers .
“ He said it ’s going to get harder and harder to build on our business because we have such a large market share .
When everybody else was standing on the sidelines , he went deep and he went long , ” said Howard Anderson , a lecturer at the MIT Sloan School of Management .
Oracle quickly cuts duplicate costs and waste at a newly acquired company , boosting its margins and absorbing its technologies .
Meanwhile it cross sells its vast line of business software to an acquired firm ’s existing customers while generating revenue from maintenance services for the programs they already use .
Shareholders have benefited .
Oracle ’s stock price has nearly doubled since Ellison began his shopping spree , compared with a 21 percent gain in the S&P 500 Index .
DEAL TIME
Ellison said he will expand further in hardware , adding providers of semiconductor , storage and server technologies to his list of acquisition targets .
“ We ’ll buy in all areas of our business . ”
He is looking for technologies he can incorporate into what Oracle is betting will be its next line of blockbuster products : gigantic appliances made up of servers , storage equipment , networking gear and software working together to handle specialized tasks .
Everything is tweaked at the factory for optimal performance in the data center .
“ We do n’t want customers making those decisions .
They never quite tune it the way we would , ” said Oracle President Charles Phillips .
This approach traces back to Ellison ’s strategy for building his software business .
He has spent two decades telling customers that they should buy pre-integrated software business management suites from Oracle , rather than dealing with myriad vendors .
His mantra : best of breed is good for dog shows , but not software .
“ Where we think we ’ll make our money -- where we think we ’re able to differentiate ourselves from IBM and everybody else -- is by building complete and integrated systems from silicon all the way up through the software , all prepackaged together , ” he said .
His first appliance was developed as engineers found that hardware bottlenecks slowed the pace at which computers could process information stored in Oracle ’s database software .
So the company forged a deal with Hewlett - Packard to jointly develop an appliance known as the Exadata database machine , whose chief components were Oracle ’s database software and an HP x86 server .
Ellison introduced that first appliance in 2008 with the intention of developing other machines with HP .
But when Oracle had a chance to buy Sun , Ellison ditched HP and entered the hardware business on his own .
Last year he unveiled Exadata , version 2 , based on Sun technology , which he says initially has nearly $ 1 billion in potential sales and will likely have annual sales measured in the billions of dollars within a few years .
The machine costs more than $ 1 million , stands over 6 feet tall , is two feet wide and weighs a full ton .
It is capable of storing vast quantities of data , allowing businesses to analyze information at lightening fast speeds or instantly process commercial transactions .
But rivals remain unimpressed .
They say that Exadata does not provide customers enough flexibility to customize the systems to meet their own needs .
“ It ’s got a very narrow band of applicability .
It ’s a one trick pony that has no ability to integrate , ” said Dave Gelardi , vice president of systems strategy at IBM , which sells more than 20 types of computer systems optimized for specific tasks .
IBM also has the world ’s largest technology services organization , which generates billions of dollars a year in fees by helping companies build customized systems .
“ We do n’t say ‘ The answer is Exadata .
What ’s the question ? ’
We operate from the perspective ‘ What is the business problem you are trying to solve ? ’ ” says Gelardi .
Hewlett - Packard and Dell followed IBM ’s example of building a large services organization over the past two years with their acquisitions of EDS and Perot Systems .
Ellison says he ’s not going down that path .
While Oracle will maintain a relatively small force of consultants , his strategy is to do most of the integration work in the factory , based on the Exadata model .
THE NEXT STEP
He plans to unveil at least two new appliances in September , when the company holds its annual Oracle World customer conference in San Francisco , a gathering that had some 40,000 attendees last year , making it the world ’s biggest tech users conference .
The machine that will likely get the most attention is one that will run Oracle ’s yet - to - be - released next - generation suite of business management programs , dubbed Fusion Apps , which will compete with SAP ’s existing software line .
That appliance will include servers , networking equipment and storage gear along with a database , middleware and the Fusion Apps programs .
Oracle has spent five years and billions of dollars developing the software , which helps businesses manage accounting , human resources , sales and marketing as well as more specialized tasks for companies in industries including financial services , telecommunications , healthcare and retailing .
Ellison says he will also show off an appliance that runs Oracle ’s so - called middleware -- the plumbing of a data center ’s software network , performing tasks such as helping various computer systems communicate with each other .
His key rival in this area , too , is IBM .
And that fight wo n’t be easy -- or short .
But Ellison says he expects to see it through and has no plans to leave Oracle any time soon .
“ They may kick me out , but I have no plans to retire , ” he said .
Rebuild , rewire and recode your own Dalek in the new desktop game !
The Bengals sign high risk players .
That 's not news to anybody .
Sometimes the risk pays off , such as in the case of Cedric Benson and Tank Johnson , and sometimes the risk does n't pay off , like in the case of Odell Thurman or A.J. Nicholson .
Joe Reedy wrote something today that should n't really come as a surprise to anybody .
The Bengals lead all NFL teams in arrests since 2000 .
Reedy wrote :
According to the Union - Tribune there have been 31 arrests involving Bengals since 2000 .
They are not the runaway leader though .
Minnesota trails by one with 30 while Denver , Jacksonville and Kansas City are tied for third with 25 .
Twenty of the Bengals ' arrests came between 2000 and 2005 ( which was tied for first with Jacksonville ) but there have been only nine arrests of Bengals players since 2007 ( which is less than Jacksonville , Denver and Miami and is tied with the Steelers ) .
Let me make something clear , this is not me complaining .
After the initial shock of the Adam Jones signing , I 'm on board and excited to see what the guy can do for the Bengals secondary .
This is me taking note that high risk can be high reward .
There were some people that did n't like Benson coming to the Bengals because he had a couple arrests under his belt and he was a big disappointment in Chicago .
However , we all watched Benson lift up the Bengals offense , place them on his shoulders and carry them over 1,200 yards on the way to a 10 - 6 record .
Worth it .
If the Bengals can get guys like that at a cheapish price who produce and help put the Bengals in the playoffs without screwing up the vibe in the locker room then I 'm all for it .
I do n't think any of us really care if the Bengals roster resembles the " island of misfit toys " as long as they win and continue to stay out of jail for the most part .
Here 's the complete list :
Team Total Since ‘ 05 Since ‘ 07 Cincinnati 31 20 9 Minnesota 30 17 7 Jacksonville 25 20 15 Denver 25 17 12 Kansas City 25 13 5 Miami 24 16 12 San Diego 22 16 7 Tennessee 22 19 6 Cleveland 20 11 8 Tampa Bay 18 12 10 Chicago 18 11 5 Indianapolis 17 12 7 New Orleans 17 10 7 Pittsburgh 16 13 9 Carolina 15 6 6 Baltimore 15 6 4 Atlanta 13 11 10 Buffalo 13 8 7 Seattle 13 10 6 Oakland 12 4 4 Green Bay 12 6 3 NY Giants 11 8 7 Washington 11 6 4 New England 11 5 4 Houston 9 6 5 Dallas 9 4 2 Arizona 9 3 2 San Francisco 8 3 2 Detroit 7 5 2 Philadelphia 7 4 2 NY Jets 7 3 2 St. Louis 6 5 4
Source : San Diego Union - Tribune
EVE Online : The Less Than Hardcore Need Not Apply
CCP Games
The vast world of massively multiplayer online games offers something for everyone at this point .
Wanna pretend you 're a superhero , defending the helpless citizens of a modern metropolis ?
There 's an MMO for you .
Wanna pretend you 're a futuristic soldier on a far away planet ?
There 's an MMO for you .
Wanna pretend you 're an elf with a hard - on for decapitating orcs ?
There 's a dozen MMOs for you .
Sponsored Enter to WIN a free Hapy Kitchen Tour & Swag Bag !
Win a behind - the - scenes tour of our kitchen , see how we make our artisan edibles , and get some swag .
But if you 're a hardcore sci- fi geek , the kind who followed Battlestar Galactica like it was Jesus and who can explain exactly why it's so crucial that Han Solo shot Greedo in cold blood , there is really only one MMO you should be playing .
EVE
Online is the hardcore sci- fi geek 's MMO .
Hit the jump for proof .
A few weeks ago I opened my apartment door to a delivery from FedEx .
It 's not uncommon that I get deliveries from gaming companies , but normally those are simple thick envelopes , just large enough for the DVD - style packaging that protects modern releases .
This box however , was comparatively huge .
A foot and a half by a foot and a half square , and four inches thick , I was baffled at what the box could contain , so no sooner had I closed the door than I began tearing into it .
I removed one of the sides of the box and spilled the contents onto my bed , noticing briefly that the sender was EVE Online creator CCP Games .
Included in the box was EVE : The Burning Life ( the latest novel set in the EVE Online universe ) , the latest issue of EON ( the EVE Online magazine ) , the most recent EVE Online quarterly economic report , and the standard description page courtesy of EVE 's PR folk .
First , let me say that while I knew that there were novels based in the EVE universe , and that CCP employs a doctor of economics to monitor the game 's fiscal ups and downs , the existence of the thick , almost inscrutably dense economic report left me with raised eyebrows and a gaping smirk .
" The game 's inhabitants care enough about the fictional price of items that do n't actually exist to warrant a novella explaining the trends and financial theory behind the whole thing ? "
I thought , initially shocked , but quickly realizing that it , along with the other contents of the box say something really impressive about the world of EVE and its devotees .
CCP Games
I 'll get to what exactly that is in a moment , but first , let me talk about the magazine , EON .
Let me just say up front , my background in online journalism has left me a pretty blatant detractor of print .
I'm of the opinion that print journalism is a dying enterprise , and at this point pretty much the only people willing to argue with me are those who make their living solely from writing in print , are unable to segue into writing online , and are terrified that they 'll be unemployed any second now .
That said , the people responsible for EON have put together a really gorgeous magazine .
The graphics are glossy , the layouts are modern without being annoyingly " ultra modern " or so gimmicky that it will look dated in a few weeks , and the paper is both crisp and suitably thick .
Most crucially though , the writing is better than 90 percent of the text you 'll find in its online competitors .
Given the credentials and talent of most of those competitors — and keep in mind that I 'm directly insulting my colleagues here — that 's not a huge accomplishment , but it is exactly what such a magazine needs to strive for if it hopes to succeed .
Still , I think the real plaudits for the EON team should come from the work they put into its content .
Once you strip away the pretty pictures ( no small task given that the magazine has 300 percent of your daily recommended allowance of eye candy ) the actual text content can best be described as " player - generated fiction . "
With a couple of exceptions , most content comes directly from the people actually playing EVE and their exploits in - game .
That concept has a lot of potential for being mind - numbingly stupid .
In fact , I could n't imagine it working for any other MMO — attempting to chronicle any player interaction in World of Warcraft for instance would leave you with pages of stupid Internet memes , homophobic slurs and swears — but the denizens of EVE are so devoted to the fiction of their shared online world that stories of their daily exploits could double as compelling tales in one of those yearly sci- fi anthology books .
Sharing a single world with 300,000 sci- fi geeks devoted to a singular fiction enough that their interactions with one another make for intriguing science fiction stories ?
That is exactly what we were all promised when the concept of the massively multiplayer online game was first being kicked around in the mid-90s .
It 's what we all hoped games like Everquest were , instead of the graphically impressive chat rooms that the majority of them wound up as .
It took a bit longer than we had hoped , but as long as you 're into the dense sci- fi fiction that surrounds it , EVE finally realizes the MMO ideal .
CCP Games
Next up is that novel I mentioned , EVE : The Burning Life .
This is far from the first novel based on an MMO , or even the first set in the EVE universe , but it also serves to offer EVE fans more reason to love the world in which they virtually live .
I would n't say that the book offers much over similar sci - fi novels for those who do n't play EVE , but for those who spend the monthly subscription fee to pilot a ship around the EVE universe , reading a book set in the same spaceports they visit on a daily basis adds an indescribable depth to both the reading and the gameplay experience .
Fittingly , I can't quite describe it to anyone who is n't addicted to an MMO , but it 's close to that special kind of geeky joy one gets from recognizing esoteric references in Alan Moore 's comics or grasping the more complex gags in a Douglas Adams novel .
If you 're the sort of person who EVE might appeal to , you 've certainly felt it before , and you 're exactly the target demographic for both the game and the novel .
The problem I have with recommending all of this excess fiction is that I can't imagine it appealing to anyone not already enraptured with the MMO .
So why am I even writing this ?
Because , as I 've said every other time I 've mentioned EVE here , I think it deserves a larger audience than it already has , and I think Portland is home to a lot of hardcore sci- fi geeks who would really dig EVE 's world and its endlessly deep fiction .
If any of this even remotely appeals to you , I urge you to give the game 's free two week trial a shot .
It runs on both PCs and Macs , does n't require a top of the line computer and wo n't even ask you for a credit card .
Then , if after those two weeks , you decide to sign up for a monthly subscription , you should really look into the novel or EON or any of the other dozens of forms of added fiction that CCP and its fans have created .
Just do n't complain to me if you end up forgetting about reality .
The modern world is a whole lot less entertaining than CCP 's world of space pirates and laser cannons .
As we know from our own comment threads right here on this very blog , right - wingers are expert at taking a few facts from situations that appear to be superficially similar but really are n't upon reflection or closer examination and using them to attack liberals .
And so , in the last few days , the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has become Obama 's Katrina .
Um ...look , I 'm as pro-pelican as the next guy , and obviously I do n't mean to gainsay the scope of this environmental catastrophe , which will end up being staggering .
But Katrina killed about 1,500 humans .
And no , it 's not George Bush 's personal fault that they died , either .
But I still rate Katrina a far bigger tragedy for that reason .
And now it turns out , according to an environmental lawyer whose interview on Ed Schultz last week is getting a lot of circulation , that this leak may well be traceable in part to ... Dick Cheney .
How ?
It 's hardly as far - fetched as it sounds .
From the Wall Street Journal :
The oil well spewing crude into the Gulf of Mexico did n't have a remote - control shut - off switch used in two other major oil - producing nations as last - resort protection against underwater spills .
The lack of the device , called an acoustic switch , could amplify concerns over the environmental impact of offshore drilling after the explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon rig last week ... ... regulators in two major oil - producing countries , Norway and Brazil , in effect require them .
Norway has had acoustic triggers on almost every offshore rig since 1993 .
The U.S. considered requiring a remote - controlled shut - off mechanism several years ago , but drilling companies questioned its cost and effectiveness , according to the agency overseeing offshore drilling .
The agency , the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service , says it decided the remote device was n't needed because rigs had other back - up plans to cut off a well .
The U.K. , where BP is headquartered , does n't require the use of acoustic triggers .
The Journal 's report does n't come out and say this , but the environmental lawyer , Mike Papantonio , said on the Schultz show in an interview you can watch here that it was Cheney 's energy task force - the secretive one that he would n't say much about publicly - that decided that the switches , which cost $ 500,000 , were too much a burden on the industry .
The Papantonio segment starts at around 5:00 in and lasts three minutes or so .
In the interests of disclosure I will note that I have n't heard the phrase " acoustic switch " until this weekend , so I do n't really know .
And obviously the fact that the US is n't alone in not requiring this switch indicates that there are legitimate questions about cost v. efficacy .
So maybe it 's just one of those things .
But then again , maybe it 's not .
Regulatory decisions have consequences all the time , and the people who made them should be asked to justify their decisions in a democracy .
It 'll be very interesting to watch this week and see if other news outlets pursue this .
Tricky little devil Harrison
Ford takes advantage of Carrie Fisher getting hit by a storm trooper laser gun , to pull the old " squeeze squeeze " trick on her during the shot of Star Wars .
I guess we missed this part while watching the movie .
When you encounter something you do n’t understand , it ’s much better to admit that you do n’t know … and possibly try to find out … than to invent an answer .
Share : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Related
Tiny meteorites found in ultra-pure Antarctic snow may provide scientists with evidence that the building blocks of life may have come from within our own solar system , rather than from the far reaches of space , researchers reported in a paper published online Thursday in the journal Science .
Scientists have for years been trying to mark a clear line between which materials , including carbon - rich organic materials , formed within our solar system and which came from outer space .
“ This line is very , very difficult to draw , ” said study lead author Jean Duprat , a physicist at the University of Paris - South in France .
“ But to draw that line , you need to have very primitive objects that did n’t change too much . ”
Duprat and co-workers studied micrometeorites , particles fractions of a millimeter in size that fell to Earth from space .
Not just any micrometeorite would do :
Although 30,000 tons of this cosmic dust falls on the Earth each year , most of it is irretrievably contaminated by other particles or water .
To find pure , unadulterated cosmic dust , the researchers went to the Antarctic and headed about 750 miles inland to a dry , deserted region around the French - Italian Concordia research station to collect samples of the cleanest snow they could find .
The winds in Antarctica blow from the center outward , Duprat said , and so contamination is unlikely to travel to this region .
This fact , coupled with the lack of liquid water and limited human presence , means the region provides some of the purest samples on Earth .
When the scientists analyzed two of the carbon - rich micrometeorites they collected there , they found that the samples contained a high proportion of deuterium , a heavier , stable isotope of hydrogen .
In addition , the micrometeorites had a relatively high level of crystalline silicates .
Normally , a higher deuterium ratio is a sign that an object came from far - off interstellar dust clouds .
But it also could mean it came from the cold outer regions of the solar system early in its formation , the researchers argued .
The presence of crystalline silicates suggests the latter , since these materials are associated with the protoplanetary disk , the ring of dust and debris that accumulated around the young sun before forming planets , comets and other heavenly bodies .
The scientists say the micrometeorites — and the organic molecules they contain — could have come from comets within our solar system .
Conel Alexander , a cosmochemist with the Carnegie Institute in Washington , said the data are interesting but not yet conclusive :
It would take the study of more micrometeorites to shore them up .
He added that the origins of organic materials are a subject of much debate — partly , he said , fueled by “ wishful thinking ” because of the implications they may hold for alien life .
If organic molecules came from the far reaches of space , he said , it would imply that life could have been seeded on planets other than our own .
amina.khan@latimes.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Film and stage star Lynn Redgrave has died of breast cancer at the age of 67 .
" Our beloved mother Lynn Rachel passed away peacefully after a seven - year journey with breast cancer , " her children said on Monday .
Her son Ben and daughters Pema and Annabel were with her when she died in Connecticut on Sunday , Redgrave 's publicist Rick Miramontez said .
A member of the Redgrave acting dynasty , she is the third member of her family to die in the past year .
She was first treated for breast cancer in 2003 .
" She lived , loved and worked harder than ever before .
The endless memories she created as a mother , grandmother , writer , actor and friend will sustain us for the rest of our lives , " her children 's statement read .
Vanessa was the one expected to be the great actress .
It was always , ' Corin 's the brain , Vanessa the shining star , oh , and then there 's Lynn '
Lynn Redgrave
Lynn Redgrave obituary
In pictures : Lynn Redgrave Lynn Redgrave : Your memories A private funeral is expected to be held later this week .
Redgrave 's older brother Corin died last month and her niece Natasha Richardson died from head injuries following a skiing accident just over a year ago .
Redgrave spoke at the funeral of her brother , recalling that he had taught her how to climb trees without telling her how to get back down again .
The actress was nominated for two Oscars - once in 1967 for best actress in Georgy Girl and again in 1999 for best supporting actress in Gods and Monsters .
She was the third child of actors Sir Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson - her sister is Vanessa Redgrave .
" Vanessa was the one expected to be the great actress , " Lynn Redgrave told the Associated Press in 1999 .
" It was always , ' Corin 's the brain , Vanessa the shining star , oh , and then there 's Lynn . " '
Redgrave was awarded an OBE for her services to drama in 2002 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Her stage credits include her one - woman play Shakespeare For My Father , Mrs Warren 's Profession and The Constant Wife , which all received Tony nominations .
She has recently appeared in TV shows including Ugly Betty , Law & Order and Desperate Housewives .
In 2004 , she released a book with her daughter Annabel Clark about her fight against cancer , titled A Mother and Daughter 's Recovery from Breast Cancer .
Tributes have been paid to the actress .
Director Michael Winner , who cast Redgrave in one of her first movies , Shoot To Kill , played tribute to a " wonderful person " and a " phenomenal actress , [ who ] could do comedy , tragedy - anything really - with absolute ease " .
Sir Michael Parkinson said Redgrave was " maybe the jolliest and most likeable of all the family " .
" She was a good actress , but being a Redgrave I suppose she could n't help it - it's in their blood , in their marrow .
She had a great comedic talent , " he said .
Redgrave is survived by her children , six grandchildren , her sister Vanessa and four nieces and nephews .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Re : Profiling : Right and Wrong times to use it The problem , and I 've noticed people who are rabid right wing supporters usually fall victim to this , is lazy language skills .
Profiling is correct , it 's what police at all levels use , you search for the most likely perps who could have done something .
It 's usually used AFTER a crime is committed , because it 's AFTER a crime is committed , clues and theories start to be based on evidence collected AFTER the crime .
Racial Profiling , on the other hand , and what the AZ law could allow ( please note I said ' could ' ) is for people to be stopped and searched or detained BEFORE a crime is committed .
( I will get a reply that states illegal aliens have already committed a crime by getting and being here , and I agree , but that 's not the issue at hand in this thread )
Basically , it 's all about labels , if you need to define something by adding a specific label to it , such as BLACK athlete , or FEMALE doctor , you are institutionally identifying them by what is different about them , i.e. black or female .
If you label and allow profilling by racial differences , BEFORE crimes are committed , that is illegal , and against the Constitution of the USA .
About the Film
Following the story of a small American town confronting a firestorm of controversy ignited by a same - sex wedding announcement and the brutal bullying of a gay teen , this gripping documentary will challenge you to rethink your values and help close the gaps that divide our communities .
Read More About the Film
About the Campaign
Out in the Silence is more than a movie , it 's part of the movement for fairness , equality and human rights for GLBT people .
Learn about the Outreach Campaign
Download Discussion Guide and Toolkit
Your Thoughts
What an impressive example of how just a few people can make a huge difference .
Read More or Contribute Your Thoughts
Find Us On Facebook
Australian officials say Chinese coal carrier Shen Neng 1 is leaking oil and in danger of breaking apart on Great Barrier Reef
A transport ship has run aground leaking oil on the Great Barrier Reef and is in danger of breaking apart , officials said .
The Chinese coal carrier Shen Neng 1 ran aground late yesterday on Douglas Shoals , a pristine area east of the Great Keppel Island tourist resort , off the coast of Queensland , Australia .
It is in a protected part of the reef where shipping is restricted .
The vessel hit the reef at full speed , nine miles outside the designated shipping lane , said Queensland 's premier , Anna Bligh .
A police boat was standing by to remove the 23 crew if the ship broke apart and an evacuation was necessary , she said .
Patches of oil were seen near the stricken ship early today , but Maritime Safety Queensland reported no major loss from the 950 tonnes of oil on board .
" We are now very worried we might see further oil discharged from this ship , " Bligh said .
Maritime Safety Queensland 's general manager , Patrick Quirk , said the vessel was badly damaged on its port side .
" At one stage last night , we thought the ship was close to breaking up .
We are still very concerned about the ship .
It is in danger of actually breaking a number of its main structures and breaking into a number of parts . "
Bligh said she feared any salvage operation could spill more oil , which could reach the mainland coast within two days .
Emergency crews were on standby to clean any oil that reached mainland beaches , she said .
The federal environment minister , Peter Garrett , said authorities had been working through the night to determine what risks the ship posed .
" The government is very conscious of the importance of the Great Barrier Reef environment and ensuring that impacts on its ecology are effectively managed , " he said .
The 230 - metre bulk carrier was carrying about 65,000 tonnes of coal to China and ran aground within hours of leaving the Queensland port of Gladstone .
Conservationists have expressed outrage that such ships can travel through the reef without a pilot with local expertise .
" The state government is being blinded by royalties and their shortsightedness will go down in history as killing the reef , " said Larissa Waters , spokeswoman for Queensland 's Green party .
Bligh said the question of when ships should require a pilot on the reef was under review because of the increase in freight traffic that will flow from new gas and coal export contracts to China .
She said a separate inquiry would determine how the ship came to stray from its shipping lane .
Ghosts Of The Future : Borrowing Architecture From The Zone Of Alienation [ Image : From Stalker , directed by Andrei Tarkovsky ] .
[ Note : This is a guest post by Jim Rossignol ] .
During the period in which 3D videogames began to use textures imported from photography , rather than hand - drawn pixel tiles , it became common to hear game developers discuss their photo references .
Drew Markham , director of
[ Image : Photo by Jim Rossignol ] .
A few years later , another photo - reference tour was being cited for the gaming press , only this time it was not a cheery holiday in Europe , but a trip to the
While it has remained quarantined and closed to ( legal ) habitation , it has n't kept out sight - seers .
The production team at already charged with mythology — with narrative .
Creative director Anton Bolshakov explained this in an an existing gigantic antenna located within the Chernobyl exclusion zone .
On some of our photos taken during the trip to Chernobyl the body of the antenna is seen on the horizon spanning several hundred meters across .
So some unofficial sources claim , the waves emitted by the antenna were psychoactive .
The antenna was directed onto Western Europe and preoccupied with a long - lasting military experiment on psychotropic influence onto human psyche .
[ Images :
The " steel giant " near Chernobyl ; all photos via English Russia ] .
The antenna wall — actually an
[ Image : The " brain scorcher , " via Jim Rossignol ] .
However , the zone as an idea already existed before the explosion in 1986 .
It appeared , for instance , in a 1972 science fiction novel called
In the Strugatsky 's book , an alien visitation to the earth — an extra-terrestrial " roadside picnic " — has left dangerous and incomprehensible materials strewn across a zone of Northern Canada .
Although sealed off for scientific research , this zone is raided by " Stalkers " who sell the unnatural trinkets for black - market cash .
To do so , they brave bizarre dangers , because the zone has been transformed into a place that is utterly at odds with our own world .
The alien is never seen or even described , and all the characters encounter is its terrible remainder : landscape made alien .
Pools of jelly that will cripple a man lurk in basements , extra -terrestrial cobwebs that can stop a heart beating are strung across doorways , and gravitational mantraps will crush anyone who passes over the wrong patch of mud .
The zone of Roadside Picnic was seen by many as an allegory for the entire Soviet experiment : not simply in the literal sense of the poisoned landscapes created by the industrial excesses of the region , but the entire social order that was created by the Communist government .
Polluted expanses , continually washed by acid rain , became shorthand for describing the bizarre political situation of a country in which Communism had failed , and yet robotically continued .
Russian film - maker Andrei Tarkovsky shot a movie , called Roadside Picnic .
A glacially slow , almost event - free film about landscape and longing , it 's a work that lingers for long minutes over broken wastelands of abandoned industry .
It encapsulates Tarkovsky 's style , as well as his interest in dereliction and decay — themes that would be revisited by the STALKER videogame , thirty years on .
[ Image : From Stalker , directed by Andrei Tarkovsky ] .
Tarkovsky 's film manages to imbue derelict industrial landscapes with a terrible sense of threat .
Largely unable to realize the alien properties of artifacts in Roadside Picnic , Tarkovsky projected the danger into the architecture itself .
Passive landscapes that could swallow a man .
Tunnels which tear them to shreds .
These effects were never demonstrated , but also never doubted , thanks to the tentative way the actors explored their surroundings .
In much the same way that the images of the real Chernobyl zone seem like lush vegetative scenes , despite being formidably radioactive , so Tarkovsky 's zone is calm and invisibly dangerous .
Cinematic legend had it that the power station shown in the final background scenes of the film was in fact Chernobyl NPP , although the truth is the entire film was shot in Estonia .
That 's not to say that Stalker was without poisonous consequences of its own , however .
The first version of the movie was shot entirely on corrupted film , which was unsalvageable when Tarkovsky 's production team returned to their Russian studios .
Worse , the second shooting took place down stream from a poorly regulated chemical works .
The effluent from the plant was responsible for many of the astonishing visuals in the river scenes from the movie , but team members came to suffer serious side - effects from this exposure , including cancer .
They had , it seems , suffered side - effects from their time in the zone : just like the fate of the fictional Stalkers in the Strugatsky books .
It was as if the fiction and reality were blurring back through each other .
As if — to quote Alan Moore — the written page was too fragile a boundary .
Or perhaps , as Steven Shaviro suggests in his book Roadside Picnic , like all science fiction , actually exists to cast a shadow over the present .
" It shows us how profoundly haunted we are by what has not yet happened , " says Shaviro of science fiction writing .
In the specific case of Roadside Picnic and Tarkovsky 's film , what had not happened yet was the Chernobyl disaster .
After 1986 , however , there were others for whom the ideas of Roadside Picnic were to be immediately accessible and useful in describing the world that they faced .
People going into the Chernobyl exclusion zone , to loot buildings or show tourists around , began to call themselves " Stalkers . "
For them , the zone of the Strugatsky 's vision was immediate and first - hand , a kind of fictional reference for the reality they were facing .
They were living it — and it was strangely convenient to have the Stalker nomenclature to hand .
[ Images : STALKER game images from this very extensive Flickr set ] .
As for Bolshakov and his creative team , borrowing from both the Strugatskys and the real world has proven fruitful .
Real world ruins seem to connect with players far more readily than their fantasy counterparts .
No one has been able to come away from STALKER without talking about the architectural waste that GSC borrowed from the zone .
The game has now reached three iterations and supports an energetic fan community .
Bolshakov suggests that there is more to this than simply commerce or escapism , however : " The motif behind STALKER was to create a game which would remind people of the Chernobyl accident and at the same time warn mankind against any possible fatal mistakes in the future . "
The warning seems likely to go unheard , but perhaps it has another message : to tell game developers that the architecture of the real world comes prefixed with meaning .
Even now , when cities can be
• • •
Jim Rossignol is a games critic , During the period in which 3D videogames began to use textures imported from photography , rather than hand - drawn pixel tiles , it became common to hear game developers discuss their photo references .
Drew Markham , director of Return To Castle Wolfenstein , spent the 2001 pre-release press tour for his game talking about the time he had spent in Europe , sourcing textures from " real " locations that had played host to the war .
Crumbling French flagstones , Teutonic concretes , and other useful built surfaces : these details would add a certain level of authenticity that other games lacked .
When the Wolfenstein sequel finally arrived , British gaming journalists were amused to see the ubiquitous British " H " fire hydrant signs scattered deep within the occult bunkers of Himmler 's SS Paranormal Division .
A few years later , another photo - reference tour was being cited for the gaming press , only this time it was not a cheery holiday in Europe , but a trip to the Zone Of Alienation .
This 30 km area of Ukraine and Belarus remains poisoned and largely off - limits to mankind , thanks to the radioactive caesium that dusted it after the explosion at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in 1986 .
While it has remained quarantined and closed to ( legal ) habitation , it has n't kept out sight - seers .
The production team at GSC Gameworld , a games studio based in nearby Kiev , intended to use the derelict zone as the basis for environments in their action shooter , STALKER : Shadow Of Chernobyl .
The team went into the zone and photographed urban dereliction : a snapshot of an abandoned Soviet Union .
They would go on to fill their game world with the zone 's rusting fences and collapsing grain silos , but that was not all that came with the material : the landscape and its decaying architecture wascharged with mythology — with narrative .
Creative director Anton Bolshakov explained this in an interview in 2007 : " The Soviet system was sealed , many facts were kept secret .
Even the most harmless objectives or events generated unbelievable rumours and legends . "
One example , he says , is The antenna wall — actually an early - warning radar system developed for Cold War defense , which has been preserved thanks to being inside the zone — made it into the game as " the brain scorcher , " a device that must be shut down before the player can progress into the abandoned city of Pripyat .
The environment of Chernobyl not only provided the game with an authentic atmosphere , it was also to influence the events that players could experience .
However , the zonealready existed before the explosion in 1986 .
It appeared , for instance , in a 1972 science fiction novel called Roadside Picnic .
A mysterious , contaminated pocket of landscape , quarantined from the outside world , was the main theme of that book , which was written by two brothers , Boris and Arkady Strugatsky .
In the Strugatsky 's book , an alien visitation to the earth — an extra-terrestrial " roadside picnic " — has left dangerous and incomprehensible materials strewn across a zone of Northern Canada .
Although sealed off for scientific research , this zone is raided by " Stalkers " who sell the unnatural trinkets for black - market cash .
To do so , they brave bizarre dangers , because the zone has been transformed into a place that is utterly at odds with our own world .
The alien is never seen or even described , and all the characters encounter is its terrible remainder : landscape made alien .
Pools of jelly that will cripple a man lurk in basements , extra -terrestrial cobwebs that can stop a heart beating are strung across doorways , and gravitational mantraps will crush anyone who passes over the wrong patch of mud .
The zone ofwas seen by many as an allegory for the entire Soviet experiment : not simply in the literal sense of the poisoned landscapes created by the industrial excesses of the region , but the entire social order that was created by the Communist government .
Polluted expanses , continually washed by acid rain , became shorthand for describing the bizarre political situation of a country in which Communism had failed , and yet robotically continued .
Russian film - maker Andrei Tarkovsky shot a movie , called Stalker , which told a story based on that of .
A glacially slow , almost event - free film about landscape and longing , it 's a work that lingers for long minutes over broken wastelands of abandoned industry .
It encapsulates Tarkovsky 's style , as well as his interest in dereliction and decay — themes that would be revisited by thevideogame , thirty years on .
Tarkovsky 's film manages to imbue derelict industrial landscapes with a terrible sense of threat .
Largely unable to realize the alien properties of artifacts in , Tarkovsky projected the danger into the architecture itself .
Passive landscapes that could swallow a man .
Tunnels which tear them to shreds .
These effects were never demonstrated , but also never doubted , thanks to the tentative way the actors explored their surroundings .
In much the same way that the images of the real Chernobyl zone seem like lush vegetative scenes , despite being formidably radioactive , so Tarkovsky 's zone is calm and invisibly dangerous .
Cinematic legend had it that the power station shown in the final background scenes of the film was in fact Chernobyl NPP , although the truth is the entire film was shot in Estonia .
That 's not to say thatwas without poisonous consequences of its own , however .
The first version of the movie was shot entirely on corrupted film , which was unsalvageable when Tarkovsky 's production team returned to their Russian studios .
Worse , the second shooting took place down stream from a poorly regulated chemical works .
The effluent from the plant was responsible for many of the astonishing visuals in the river scenes from the movie , but team members came to suffer serious side - effects from this exposure , including cancer .
They had , it seems , suffered side - effects from their time in the zone : just like the fate of the fictional Stalkers in the Strugatsky books .
It was as if the fiction and reality were blurring back through each other .
As if — to quote Alan Moore — the written page was too fragile a boundary .
Or perhaps , as Steven Shaviro suggests in his book Connected , like all science fiction , actually exists to cast a shadow over the present .
" It shows us how profoundly haunted we are by what has not yet happened , " says Shaviro of science fiction writing .
In the specific case ofand Tarkovsky 's film , what had not happened yet was the Chernobyl disaster .
After 1986 , however , there were others for whom the ideas ofwere to be immediately accessible and useful in describing the world that they faced .
People going into the Chernobyl exclusion zone , to loot buildings or show tourists around , began to call themselves " Stalkers . "
For them , the zone of the Strugatsky 's vision was immediate and first - hand , a kind of fictional reference for the reality they were facing .
They were living it — and it was strangely convenient to have the Stalker nomenclature to hand .
As for Bolshakov and his creative team , borrowing from both the Strugatskys and the real world has proven fruitful .
Real world ruins seem to connect with players far more readily than their fantasy counterparts .
No one has been able to come away fromwithout talking about the architectural waste that GSC borrowed from the zone .
The game has now reached three iterations and supports an energetic fan community .
Bolshakov suggests that there is more to this than simply commerce or escapism , however : " The motif behindwas to create a game which would remind people of the Chernobyl accident and at the same time warn mankind against any possible fatal mistakes in the future . "
The warning seems likely to go unheard , but perhaps it has another message : to tell game developers that the architecture of the real world comes prefixed with meaning .
Even now , when cities can be raised procedurally from the blank canvas of a game engine , perhaps it 's worth taking a look at the real world and the mythology that has been strewn around it .
If borrowing architecture from the zone proves anything , it 's that simulation should not exist in a vacuum .
Jim Rossignol is a games critic , blogger , occasional guest writer on BLDGBLOG , and author of the excellent This Gaming Life : Travels in Three Cities , published by the University of Michigan Press .
He is @jimrossignol on Twitter .
Newer | Older
SAN JOSE , Calif . --
Todd Bertuzzi was so frustrated by the officiating he decided not to say anything .
Nicklas Lidstrom deferred comment to coach Mike Babcock .
Players on the Detroit Red Wings clearly were upset at the power - play disparity in Sunday 's 4 - 3 loss to the San Jose Sharks in Game 2 of the Western Conference semifinals .
The Sharks had 10 power plays -- five in the decisive third period -- compared to Detroit 's four .
But the Red Wings also accepted some of the blame .
" No sense questioning anything , " Babcock said .
" We 're in charge , we have to look after it .
We can't be going to the box .
We got to look after our own sticks and our own play . "
The Red Wings typically are among the most disciplined teams in the league .
In the regular season , only Nashville was penalized less than Detroit ( 8.8 penalty minutes per game ) .
In the playoffs , the Red Wings are being whistled much more often ( 13.9 penalty minutes per game ) .
" You can't really let it get to you , you just have to go out and play and hope that eventually it'll turn on your side , " center Henrik Zetterberg said .
" But it 's definitely tough to win games when you 're in the box that much . "
Bertuzzi's holding penalty at 3:01 of the third period -- he appeared to push Marc - Edouard Vlasic -- opened the floodgates .
Nicklas Kronwall was called for hooking 41 seconds later .
Then , Dan Cleary was whistled for slashing .
Late in the period , when the Red Wings were pressing for the tying goal , Valtteri Filppula was cited for tripping and Detroit was caught with too many men on the ice .
" We were up 3 - 2 , started real well in the third period , we were on ( Sharks goaltender Evgeni Nabokov ) , had our opportunities , but just went to the box .
It was a continual parade , " Babcock said .
" Obviously , our players felt frustrated .
There 's no sense being frustrated .
You can't go to the box .
It 's simple . "
He said it kills momentum .
" Half the players do n't even get on the ice , sitting in the penalty box all night long , " Babcock said .
" It 's pretty hard to have rhythm , pretty hard to get everyone going . "
Said Lidstrom : " We got to do a better job keeping our sticks down and keep moving our feet . "
Odds and ends
Red Wings forward Patrick Eaves missed Game 2 because of a sore right elbow sustained in the last round against Phoenix .
He is listed as day - to - day .
Jason Williams , a healthy scratch the past seven games , replaced Eaves .
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) 
A new agreement puts Ohio State University in charge of managing Nationwide Arena , a move intended to create a better financial deal for the Columbus Blue Jackets .
Ohio State , which manages the nearby Value City Arena , will handle booking concerts and other events at both venues .
That is expected to save about $ 1 million annually for each side because of lower administrative costs and better leverage in booking .
University spokeswoman Shelly Hoffman confirmed the agreement Tuesday .
It was first reported by The Columbus Dispatch .
The Blue Jackets rent Nationwide Arena from the Nationwide insurance company and other owners for $ 5 million a year .
The team pays a management company to run the venue and has said it loses $ 4 million a year on its operation .
The team 's total deficit runs about $ 12 million annually .
___ Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The NHL Awards will be handed out next month in Las Vegas , but for the fifth season in a row , it 's time to hand out the Alternative NHL Awards , which celebrate hockey 's greatest rulebreakers , recognizing the most frequent occupants of the penalty box by their individual specialty .
Take a walk back through history by reviewing the awards from 2009 , 2008 , 2007 , and 2006 , or jump right ahead to this year 's big winners ...
Like what you see here ?
Feel free to register for this site if you 'd like to leave a comment , or join the OtF Facebook page .
You can also follow me on Twitter at @ Forechecker .
Boarding
Blake Comeau # 57 / Right Wing / New York Islanders Height : 6 - 1 Weight : 207 Born : Feb 18 , 1986
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Blake Comeau 61 17 18 35 - 2 40 0 1 2 0 133 12.8
Not only did Blake Comeau lead the league with 5 Boarding penalties this season , but three of them took place in the offensive zone , which must have driven Isles coach Scott Gordon nuts .
Atlanta 's Christoph Schubert , Dallas forward Steve Ott , and San Jose 's Ryan Clowe were next with 4 Boarding calls each .
Charging
Ben Eager # 55 / Left Wing / Chicago Blackhawks Height : 6 - 2 Weight : 230 Born : Jan 22 , 1984
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Ben Eager 60 7 9 16 9 120 0 0 2 0 68 10.3
Eager and Philadelphia 's Ian Laperierre led the way with 3 Charging calls apiece , but Eager did the trick in just 60 games , as opposed to Lappy 's 82 .
This is Eager 's 2nd such honor , having also led the league in Charging ( while playing just 23 games ) in 2007 - 8 .
Tone it down , pal !
Cross -Checking
Kurtis Foster # 6 / Defenseman / Tampa Bay Lightning Height : 6 - 5 Weight : 220 Born : Nov 24 , 1981
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Kurtis Foster 71 8 34 42 - 5 48 3 0 1 0 165 4.8
Joni Pitkanen # 25 / Defenseman / Carolina Hurricanes Height : 6 - 3 Weight : 210 Born : Sep 19 , 1983
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Joni Pitkanen 71 6 40 46 - 11 72 1 0 1 0 161 3.7
Foster & Pitkanen both notched 6 Cross - Checking penalties in just 71 games , earning them a tie for this title .
Nashville 's Ryan Suter and Philadelphia 's Scott Hartnell also had 6 calls , but played more games .
For Pitkanen , this championship comes after years of hard work .
He finished 2nd last year , and 3rd in 2007 before finally making it to the top .
See kids , persistence pays off !
Delay of Game - Puck Over Glass
Roman Hamrlik # 44 / Defenseman / Montreal Canadiens Height : 6 - 2 Weight : 207 Born : Apr 12 , 1974
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Roman Hamrlik 75 6 20 26 - 2 56 2 0 1 0 100 6.0
Montreal 's Hamrlik sent 5 free pucks into the stands , and went to the penalty box for it .
Carolina 's Pitkanen and Phoenix defenseman Zybnek Michalek were just behind him with 4 .
Diving
Jordin Tootoo # 22 / Right Wing / Nashville Predators Height : 5 - 9 Weight : 200 Born : Feb 02 , 1983
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Jordin Tootoo 51 6 10 16 2 40 0 0 1 0 101 5.9
Tootoo took 2
Diving calls this year ( how appropriate ) in just 51 games , edging him ahead in this battle ahead of Jon Sim , who also was whistled twice for Diving , but played more games for the Islanders ( 77 ) .
At a team level , Washington and Dallas led the way with 3 diving calls each .
Elbowing
Shane O`Brien # 55 / Defenseman / Vancouver Canucks Height : 6 - 3 Weight : 230 Born : Aug 09 , 1983
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Shane O`Brien 65 2 6 8 15 79 0 0 0 0 37 5.4
The Canucks ' SOB was called for Elbowing 3 times this season in 65 games , giving him the award here over Dallas ' Steve Ott and Phoenix 's Martin Hanzal who played more .
Fighting
Zenon Konopka # 28 / Center / Tampa Bay Lightning Height : 6 - 1 Weight : 213 Born : Jan 02 , 1981
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Zenon Konopka 74 2 3 5 -11 265 0 0 1 0 41 4.9
This is probably the one penalty that guys actively attempt to rack up , and Konopka 's 33 Fighting majors are the most in a single season since before the Great Lockout of 2004 - 5 .
Brandon Prust , who split time between the Flames and Rangers , and Ian Laperierre of Philadelphia came next at 25 fights each .
Goaltender Interference
Alexandre Burrows # 14 / Left Wing / Vancouver Canucks Height : 6 - 1 Weight : 188 Born : Apr 11 , 1981
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Alexandre Burrows 82 35 32 67 34 121 4 5 3 0 209 16.7
A truly multi-faceted pest , Burrows ran the opposing team 's goaltender 6 times this season , just ahead of Scott Hartnell 's 5 .
I do n't think Vancouver coaches will complain about those penalties , however , as long as Burrows notches 35 goals as well .
High - Sticking
Evgeni Malkin # 71 / Center / Pittsburgh Penguins Height : 6 - 3 Weight : 195 Born : Jul 31 , 1986
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Evgeni Malkin 67 28 49 77 -6 100 13 2 7 0 268 10.4
Pittsburgh 's Malkin inched ahead in a very tight race here , with 8 High - Sticking calls in 67 games .
Danny Briere and Jason Blake also had 8 , but played more games to reach that lofty goal .
Holding
Jack Hillen # 38 / Defenseman / New York Islanders Height : 5 - 11 Weight : 200 Born : Jan 24 , 1986
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Jack Hillen 69 3 18 21 - 5 44 1 0 0 0 78 3.8
What does a defenseman do when he loses position on an attacker ?
Hold him up , of course , and Hillen got whistled 9 times for being " all hands " .
Ryan Whitney , who split time in Anaheim and Edmonton this season , was second with 8 such calls .
Hooking
Ryan Smyth # 94 / Left Wing / Los Angeles Kings Height : 6 - 2 Weight : 189 Born : Feb 21 , 1976
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Ryan Smyth 67 22 31 53 8 42 11 0 3 0 206 10.7
This was an incredibly close race , basically a six - way tie with 9 Hooking calls each , with Smyth getting the nod based on fewest games played .
The other leading Hookers were Henrik Sedin and Alexander Edler of Vancouver , Danny Briere of Philadelphia , Buffalo's Derek Roy and Atlanta 's Rich Peverley .
Interference
Shane O`Brien # 55 / Defenseman / Vancouver Canucks Height : 6 - 3 Weight : 230 Born : Aug 09 , 1983
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Shane O`Brien 65 2 6 8 15 79 0 0 0 0 37 5.4
SOB ekes out another close win , with 9 Interference calls , tied with San Jose 's Douglas Murray ( who played 79 games to O'Brien 's 65 ) .
Roughing
Steve Downie # 9 / Right Wing / Tampa Bay Lightning Height : 5 - 11 Weight : 200 Born : Apr 03 , 1987
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Steve Downie 79 22 24 46 14 208 7 0 1 0 116 19.0
Roughing is one of those penalties that 's hard to defend , as it's more the result of undisciplined aggression more than anything else .
Downie racked up 30 Roughing calls this season , the most in the post - lockout era , and miles ahead of Scott Hartnell 's 20 .
Slashing
Sidney Crosby # 87 / Center / Pittsburgh Penguins Height : 5 - 11 Weight : 200 Born : Aug 07 , 1987
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Sidney Crosby 81 51 58 109 15 71 13 2 6 0 298 17.1
Sid the Kid whacked opponents with his stick 11 times , and went to the box for his two minutes of shame .
Wayne Simmonds of the Kings and Tampa 's Steve Downie came next with 10 Slashing calls .
Too Many Men
The Ottawa Senators and Colorado Avalanche led the league with 13 Too Many Men calls during the season .
Anaheim , by comparison , only got called twice .
Tripping
Pavel Kubina # 77 / Defenseman / Atlanta Thrashers Height : 6 - 4 Weight : 245 Born : Apr 15 , 1977
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Pavel Kubina 76 6 32 38 0 66 2 0 1 0 159 3.8
With 11 Tripping penalties , Kubina successfully defended his 2009 title !
Buffalo's Derek Roy came in second with 10 calls , but we 'll give him a special demerit for committing 5 of them in the offensive zone .
Ouch , those have to hurt !
To keep up with all of our coverage of the Nashville Predators , you can subscribe to the RSS feed , follow us on Twitter ( @Forechecker & @predatweeter ) , or catch the site on Facebook .
You can also email me at the.forechecker@gmail.com .
Russia and Italy have entered into an agreement to build a new fusion reactor outside Moscow that could become the first such reactor to achieve ignition , the point where a fusion reaction becomes self - sustaining instead of requiring a constant input of energy .
The design for the reactor , called Ignitor , originated with MIT physics professor Bruno Coppi , who will be the project ’s principal investigator .
The concept for the new reactor builds on decades of experience with MIT ’s Alcator fusion research programme , also initiated by Coppi , which in its present version ( called Alcator C - Mod ) has the highest magnetic field and highest plasma pressure of any fusion reactor , and is the largest university - based fusion reactor in the world .
Ignitor would be about twice the size of Alcator C - Mod , with a main donut - shaped chamber 1.3 m across , and have an even stronger magnetic field .
It will be much smaller and less expensive than the ITER ( with a chamber 6.2 m across ) , currently under construction in France .
Although originally designed to achieve ignition , the ITER reactor has been scaled back and is now not expected to reach that milestone .
The Ignitor reactor , Coppi said , will be ’a very compact , inexpensive type of machine ’ , and unlike the larger ITER could be ready to begin operations within a few years .
Coppi plans to work with the Italian ministry of research and Evgeny Velikhov , president of the Kurchatov Institute in Moscow , to develop the machine , the core of which is to be built in Italy and then installed in Troitsk , near Moscow , on the site of that institute ’s present Triniti reactor .
If you have a garden it 's likely you 'll be picking up a trowel or a watering can this bank holiday weekend .
But what does the typical British garden look like ?
It largely depends on where you live so we 've taken a look at what you might find in gardens across Britain .
Vegetables have become more popular than flowers in British gardens , according to figures of seed sales .
In 2005 , 60 % of seed packets sold were for flowers , but since 2007 sales of vegetable seeds have soared , according to seed supplier Suttons .
Last year 70 % of seed packets sold were for vegetables .
According to Guy Barter , head of horticulture advice at the Royal Horticultural Society , this trend cannot be explained by climate : " In my opinion this is entirely down to attitudes and interests .
" I suspect that it is not to do with the recession , but I expect you will see that feeding through , although in practice , growing your own is not that much cheaper . "
Flowers it seems are loved equally throughout the nation , with little variation between the regions .
Scotland has the lowest proportion of gardens with flowers at 76 % and the South West has the highest proportion with 86 % of gardens containing flowers .
But a different picture can be seen when it comes to edible crops - the Midlands and the South of England have a higher proportion of gardens with vegetables .
London is the exception with only 21 % of gardens in the capital growing vegetables .
Scotland , Wales and Northern England have a below - average proportion of gardens with vegetables in them - only 13 % of gardens in Scotland grow vegetables .
When it comes to fruit , Scotland has the lowest proportion of gardens growing fruit at 17 % and the South West once again tops the table with a proportion of 34 % of gardens growing fruit .
So is there a reason why those who live further north do n't grow fruit and veg ?
According to Mr Barter , the variation between North and South is potentially down to the harsher climate in Scotland and northern England : " On the whole , the climate in Scotland is not as good for fruit and vegetables , it 's more challenging than in the South to grow things like tomatoes or plums , for example . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The objective of Sorority Life is simple : to be the hottest sister on campus .
As you might imagine , the game is both hugely popular and totally demented .
And the players are n't who you would expect .
Advertisement
Sorority Life is a classic role - playing game :
You , the player , are a sister who is working her way through the social ranks in order to be the queen bee of the biggest and strongest house .
This lofty goal is achieved by gaining influence , attacking your rivals , and collecting clothes and accessories .
Popularity , cash , stamina , and charm all contribute to your overall influence level .
To real - life sorority girls ( present or former ) , this might sound creepily familiar , a nauseating interpretation of the Greek scene 's more unpleasant nuances .
Which it is .
Sorority Life has between 600K - 700 K daily players on Facebook , adding up to over 5 million monthly active users .
According to Christa Quarles , CFO of the game 's manufacturer , Playdom , players are 90 % female and , surprisingly , are on average over the age of 35 .
Presumably the older age demographic is because the avid users have a bit more time on their hands — but it also could be because at 35 + , you 're long past the days when Greek Week was or could have been your actual life .
And if your college experience did in fact include being in a sorority , playing Sorority Life is like playing Put The Fingernails On The Chalkboard .
Advertisement
But more on that later .
First , how do you become the hottest chick on campus ?
To start , you pick your name , dress up your avatar , and invite your Facebook friends to " join your house . "
Your house , however , is not so much a standalone entity as it a euphemism for your network — if you accept five invites to join five players ' houses , than you are now a member of five houses ( which so would not fly with Panhell ) .
The bigger your house / network , the more " influence " you have .
But until you build up your numbers , will you start out a total loser , as I did .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Fear not !
You lose the metaphorical baby fat as your house gets bigger .
As the strength of your house increases , you 'll begin to have more opportunities to increase your charm .
Additionally , you can cop to being a plebe and get a job , which leads to more cash .
Advertisement
Obviously , working in the imaginary cafeteria would cause imaginary humiliation .
But you can work your way up to other gigs .
You can also organize social events to help raise your influence .
As you ascend through the levels of gameplay , these social events begin to take the form of games reminiscent of Bejeweled — or in the case of the costume party I " organized , " something out of a beer - stained issue of Highlights .
Advertisement
With more cash , you can " buy " better clothes and other trappings called " Glam " — clothes , handbags , cars , iPhones , lipsticks — to help increase your charm and influence .
Advertisement
You can even buy a boyfriend .
Obviously , I bought myself two ( no slut - shaming on this campus ) .
Meet Serge and Fletcher .
Serge is better in bed , but Fletcher 's house has the best date parties .
Advertisement
Earning enough cash or brownie points to make power - enhancing purchases takes awhile — Quarles refers to this method of advancing as " grinding . "
But there 's a more efficient way to advance , if you 're ready to pull out your real - life credit card .
That 's when things get easier : A player can actually use real money to buy points and glam .
Advertisement
Some of Sorority Life 's best - selling items have directly responded to actual events :
For instance , if you had enough fake cash ( unlikely ) or real cash ( more likely ) , you could buy your avatar the dress Taylor Swift wore at the AMA 's a few nights prior , or you could get a status - enhancing new look by purchasing Miley Cyrus 's hairdo .
" The notion of exclusivity is really important — folks want to get in on that deal , " says Quarles .
" It actually increases the value of the item that they 're purchasing . "
These items all contribute to getting your avatar to look " different and special , " explains Quarles , " which goes into the core of game play , the Catwalk — a lot of folks spend time and money on that . "
Advertisement
Ah yes , the Catwalk !
This is where Sorority Life starts to twist the more subtle nuances of real - life sororities into increasingly disturbed gameplay .
Advertisement
If you 've got a ton of sisters and are have outfitted yourself with charm - enhancing and popularity - boosting outfits , you can take to a virtual runway where your avatar faces off against the avatars of other players , and any player can randomly vote on whose avatar is the hottest .
This may sound utterly mind - numbing , but it is part of the game 's " core . "
Quarles makes no qualms about why people want to spend their time doing this : " It 's as simple as an ' I 'm prettier than you are ' kind of thing .
So people will spend [ real or gameplay ] money on the clothes that it takes for them to be the hottest sister . "
These hottest avatars climb the leaderboard — ascending is the female equivalent of bragging rights , the explicit manifestation of the " prettiest girl on campus " mentality , or the hottest girl at the frat party .
You can almost see the top avatars lifting their pert , digital noses in the air .
If the girl - on - girl aggression of the Catwalk is n't explicit enough for your tastes , there 's always the game 's Fight feature , which is exactly what it sounds like :
The game gives you a chance to " attack " your rivals ( i.e. , anyone who 's roughly at the same level of points / influence / whatever as you ) .
Disappointingly , there 's no flash animation to illustrate the fighting ; just click and get an instantaneous result .
She who has the most " stuff " — clothes , accessories , boyfriends — wins .
Advertisement
But it 's not all nastiness on this virtual campus — if you attack the same girl and win three times in a row , the poor thing gets sent to the spa .
Is n't that nice ?
Advertisement
And so on , and so forth .
That 's basically it .
Players can climb through the ranks infinitely ; there 's no graduation or end to the game .
Keep collecting friends and buying stuff , and your gorgeous reign never has to end .
Sorority Life — and the act of playing it — is deranged .
My personal sorority experience was about as good as they come , and I was still unsettled by the game 's hyper- literal interpretation and over - articulation of Greek life 's darker side , pink - washed and translated into a cutesy game .
Interestingly , the game 's concept came from Playdom 's chairman 's wife , Rhona Thompson , who was herself in a sorority .
Presumably she would know as well as anyone how to make a game out of the passive - aggressive and unspoken competition that dominates so many sorority experiences .
Advertisement
Given that the majority of players are over the age of 35 , worrying about what sort of message the game sends to younger players takes a backseat to a more bizarre question :
Why are grown women playing this ?
Does a woman never outgrow the thrill of schoolyard strutting and prom-queen competition ?
The game reinforces the idea that this crap is fun .
The allure of being the head cheerleader , the most popular girl , the hottest chick in the coolest sorority — the longing to be those things does n't necessarily go away with time .
Moreover , it all suggests that these archetypes are so deeply ingrained as idealized identities that they constitute a fantasy worth losing oneself in , that the popularity game is one worth revisiting and winning , even years after you 've left campus .
With Sorority Life , you can .
Yeah , it 's pretty fucked up .
Sorority Life [ Facebook ]
SororityLife.org [ Unofficial Site ]
KABUL — U.S. troops are pulling out of Afghanistan 's perilous Korengal Valley as part of a new focus on protecting population centers , NATO said Wednesday , ending a mission that saw some of the most intense fighting of the nearly nine - year American presence in the country .
The isolated mountainous region of caves and canyons on the eastern border with Pakistan has been the scene of near daily exchanges of fire between NATO and insurgents , who use it as a route for infiltrating weapons and fighters into Afghanistan .
While militants will likely portray the withdrawal as a defeat for foreign forces in Afghanistan , NATO termed the move a " realignment " resulting from changing strategies to deal with a Taliban - led insurgency that has strengthened and gripped once stable parts of the country .
The shift reflects new thinking among commanders that forces are best used to protect the civilian population rather than placed in scattered outposts highly exposed to militant activity and difficult to resupply and reinforce .
" This repositioning , in partnership with the Afghan National Security Forces , responds to the requirements of the new population - centric counterinsurgency strategy , " Lt. Gen. David M. Rodriguez , joint commander of international forces in Afghanistan , said in a statement e-mailed to media .
" The move does not prevent forces from rapidly responding , as necessary , to crises there in Korengal and in other parts of the region , as well . "
The strategic shift coincides with the deployment of an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan , most on missions to drive the Taliban from populated areas and provide enough security to allow local governments to consolidate control and bring about economic recovery .
U.S. troops tested the new approach following a major offensive in February in the Marjah region of Helmand province , with mixed results so far because of lingering Taliban influence .
The strategy is also expected to be a linchpin of a long - expected drive into the Taliban 's spiritual homeland of Kandahar , where tribal elders have so far been largely resistant to arguments as to why they should back the central government .
Korengal , in eastern Kunar province , has a reputation as one of most dangerous areas in the country , with a rugged mountainous terrain that makes it a perfect insurgent hunting ground .
Three Navy SEALs were killed in an ambush there in 2005 , while a helicopter carrying special forces sent to rescue them was shot down , killing 16 American troops in one of the deadliest single attacks on the U.S. military since the war began in 2001 .
Since then , insurgents have used the cover of caves and trees to attack small American units patrolling the valley , a hotbed of Taliban support whose native tribes speak a distinct language — Korengali — and adhere to the austere Wahabi brand of Islam most prevalent in Saudi Arabia , and practiced by Usama bin Laden and the Taliban .
The area 's 4,500 residents have long been hostile to central authority and outsiders , even those from other parts of Afghanistan .
The pullout , conducted by helicopter and carried out in secret over the past week , frees up about 120 soldiers who had been largely confined to hilltop battlements consisting of plywood , sandbags and stones .
There was no immediate word on where they would be reassigned to .
Officers said one base at the northern end of the 6 - mile ( 10 kilometer ) - long valley would remain staffed to block insurgent movements into the Afghan interior .
Taliban spokesmen could not immediately be reached for comment .
Deaths of U.S. troops in other remote corners of the country have also driven the push to reassign troops to population centers , with eight Americans killed in an Oct.
3 gunbattle that broke out when hundreds of insurgents stormed a base in mountainous Nuristan province just north of Kunar .
In 2008 , U.S. and Afghan troops abandoned a remote outpost elsewhere in Nuristan after militants killed nine American soldiers in an assault .
Also Wednesday , an elderly tribal leader in volatile Helmand province was killed in what a local government official called an attempt by insurgents to damage traditional social structures .
Lal Mohammad
Khan was shot while praying in a mosque , said Abdul Ahad Khan , spokesman for the Gereshk district government .
Elsewhere , Afghan officials said a policeman died in a gunbattle and a 12 - year - old boy was killed by a roadside bomb in a violent area of eastern Afghanistan .
Sayed Ismail Jahangir , spokesman for the governor of Ghazni province , said militants fired on Afghan police patrolling in Gelan district Tuesday night .
Police chased a vehicle filled with insurgents to an area where more militants were lying in wait .
The policeman and an insurgent were killed in a one - hour battle that followed .
The governor 's spokesman said the boy died last night in Ghazni's Andar district when he stumbled onto the roadside bomb on his way home .
By Kyle James
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is on a three - day visit to China aimed at mending relations and seeking Chinese support for tough new sanctions on Iran .
It will require some delicate diplomacy .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is on a three - day visit to China aimed at mending relations and seeking Chinese support for tough new sanctions on Iran .
It will require some delicate diplomacy .
Tourism kicked off Nicolas Sarkozy 's China visit with an excursion to the ancient capital of Xian , home to the famous terracotta warriors .
> Map of China
But , amid various photo ops at historical sites and Sarkozy 's presence at the opening of the World Expo in Shanghai later during the visit , the French leader is using his diplomatic skills to mend fences after two years of tension with Beijing , while also trying to convince the emerging power to back new UN sanctions on Iran .
His words of reconciliation began on day one of the trip .
" China has become an absolutely indispensable actor on the world stage , " Sarkozy told China 's state Xinhua news agency in an interview published Wednesday .
" Today , there is not one major issue that we can handle without you . "
His efforts appear to have been fruitful .
France and China pledged to draw a line under past tensions over Tibet and breathe new life into their relationship by working together on issues from global monetary policy to Iran .
Sarkozy and his host Hu Jintao signalled after talks that they had moved past a two year - old row over Tibet that plunged relations between France and China into the deep freeze .
" President Sarkozy 's visit to China has opened a new page in Sino - French relations , " Hu said in a joint media appearance with the French leader .
Sarkozy , who is in China with a high - profile entourage , including his economics and foreign affairs ministers and wife Carla Bruni-Sarkozy , met Chinese President Hu Jintao at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , where the two held the private talks .
In addition to the question of diplomatic ties , these included discussion about Iran and possible new UN sanctions due to its nuclear program .
After the meeting , Sarkozy said China hoped to use dialogue to solve the problem , but France felt that if dialogue did n't work , sanctions would be necessary .
Troubled time
France 's ties with China had been strained since 2008 for a number of reasons .
In March of that year , relations soured after Sarkozy expressed shock at Beijing 's crackdown in Tibet after protests there led to violence .
One month later , the Olympic torch was jostled in Paris on its way to the Beijing Games , incensing the Chinese leadership .
Then in December , Sarkozy met with the Dalai Lama , further alienating Beijing .
" Now ( Sarkozy ) wants to signal that China is not the adversary , " Jean - Vincent Brisset , Asia researcher at the Institute for International and Strategic Relations in Paris , told Deutsche Welle .
" France needs a China that is not hostile to it , but Beijing feels that French policy toward it has been too inconsistent over the years .
That 's partly why it has chosen to be so hard on France , " he added .
" After all , the German and British leaders met with the Dalai Lama , too . "
This is Sarkozy 's second state visit to China , and his fourth since his election in 2007 .
Relations between the two had already begun to defrost somewhat after French Prime Minister Francois Fillon went to China last December .
Besides Iran , Chinese and French officials are expected to sign agreements covering the environment , sustainable development , economic cooperation and promotion of small business .
Sarkozy is also expected to present his ideas around the sensitive issue of the currency , which has in the past had China at loggerheads with the United States .
Sarkozy has indicated he is interested in diversifying the global monetary system which would reflect a more complex world .
It will be a main topic at the G20 and G8 meetings which France will host next year .
China has been receptive to such ideas and has challenged the status quo of the dollar being the world 's favored currency .
Iran impasse ?
While mending ties appears to have been accomplished , Iran is likely to be a tougher issue , seeing that France is an enthusiastic supporter of a fourth round of beefed - up UN sanctions against Iran over its disputed nuclear program .
China , also a permanent member of the UN Security Council , is still interested in pursuing dialogue with Iran , and resistant to further sanctions .
Many in the West suspect Iran wants to build nuclear weapons ; Iran insists the program is for civilian use only .
The impasse is unlikely to be solved by a thick layering on of compliments , according to Eberhard Sandschneider , China expert at the German Council on Foreign Relations , who points to Beijing 's strong economic ties with the Islamic republic .
Last year , Beijing became Tehran 's biggest trading partner and China depends on oil and gas - rich Iran for 11 percent of its energy needs .
" It 's not going to be about Mr. Sarkozy convincing China with all his French charm if China does n't see its own interests being served , " Sandschneider told Deutsche Welle .
" The Chinese administration is going to weigh its interests and if it sees that it will gain more working with the West than in vetoing new sanctions , it will do that .
But only then . "
While France does n't have much of a stick to use to convince Beijing to come on its side , the secret could be in emphasizing that a nuclear - armed Iran would not be in China 's interests , especially if it leads to a destabilization of the region , all the way to China 's western border .
" China has to consider , if it puts its economic interests with Iran under stress , where will it find replacement .
That is surely one crucial part of these negotiations , " Sandschneider said .
But Sarkozy is already armed with a friendly reminder , something of a carrot , according to his office .
" If oil were on the sanctions list , which is not at all certain right now , the Chinese know that oil - producing states would be ready to compensate for everything that would no longer be coming from Iran , " a government spokesman told France 's Le Figaro newspaper .
DW
Sarkozy in China
It looks almost certain that President Obama will name his solicitor general , Elena Kagan , to the Supreme Court tomorrow .
Bad choice .
You'd think that if Obama is the master politician and 8 - dimensional chess player that some say he is , he'd have figured out now that every Republican will unite against his pick even if it were Zombie Ronald Reagan .
So he should take the opportunity -- especially when there are 59 Democratic senators , surely the high water mark of his presidency -- to pick someone the progressive community can get excited about , a liberal Scalia who would be a powerful voice on the Court for decades to come .
Renato
Valdés Olmos
About me
I ’m design executive and founder specializing in attracting , operating , and training world - class design teams spanning brand , product , research , and marketing .
I have advised and invested in a small number of startups .
I 'm Chilean - Dutch , and called my home Amsterdam before settling down in San Francisco , where I am enjoying life with my partner and plants .
Work
Currently Director of Product Design at Lyft , on the lookout for amazing folks .
I was Head of Design at Honor , where I built , led , and grew Honor 's Brand & Communication and Product Design teams .
I worked with Andreessen Horowitz and Front & Center to advise and mentor the next generations of design talent .
I founded Human , an award winning app that helps people stay active .
The company was acquired in 2016 by Mapbox .
I founded Cardcloud , a digital business card app , that got acquired in 2012 .
In 2007 , I founded a design firm called Postmachina .
Get in touch
For speaking engagements and other inquiries , drop me an e-mail .
You can find me on Twitter and Instagram .
Press
Read about my work on Fast Company , Innovation by Design Awards : Social Good , Wired , Forbes , The Verge , BuzzFeed , Business Insider , TechCrunch , The Next Web , Engadget , VentureBeat , The Atlantic , Discovery Channel , and ReadWrite .
Photo credit : Sherzod Max
I 've put together this catalog to help you find and explore the refactorings the 2nd edition .
Each card shows the name used in the second edition together with any aliases for the refactoring ( such as names for first edition refactorings that it replaces ) .
The card links to the refactoring 's online page .
This page also contains the sketch for the refactoring .
The filter panel at the left allows you to select the refactorings by keyword , and also by which books they appear in .
You can save the current filter settings to a URL by using the " # " permalink at the bottom of the filter panel .
A lot of designers and aspiring designers take formal design courses ( or get design degrees ) , while many others wish they could take the time to get some formal design education .
But not every designer has the time .
After all , if you ’ve come to design later in your career , or just have other responsibilities that preclude you from attending formal classes , going to school for a formal design degree just might not fit into your life .
Image by laffy4k
But that does n’t mean you ca n’t learn just as much as those who have taken formal classes and be just as good a designer .
There are tens of thousands of articles , websites , and other web design resources available to anyone willing to look for them .
In fact , there are so many that it can be confusing and overwhelming figuring out where to start .
That ’s why we ’ve compiled this list of design resources , based around the same kind of curriculum one might find in a formal design course .
It ’ll take you through the basics of design theory through some coding and scripting , and even touch on things like information architecture , user experience design , and image editing .
It ’s by no means a comprehensive list , but it ’s a great place to get you started , and can give you a good foundation for your design education .
Even if you plan to get a formal degree ( or are in the midst of getting one ) , the articles here can give you an advantage over your classmates who are just following the curriculum .
They ’re also valuable for those who have a formal degree but would just like a refresher course on a few subjects .
Web Design 101 : The Basics
We all need to start somewhere , and the articles here provide a good foundation for the concepts discussed in later sections .
These are largely theory - based articles that will serve as an introduction to web design .
Basics of Web Design is a section on the Web Design from Scratch site that covers basic topics like understanding web design and the principles of good page design .
Understanding Web Design is a fantastic article on A List Apart from Jeffrey Zeldman that discusses what web design is on both a theory and a practical level .
A thorough understanding of web design will lead to better designers .
Web Design Survival Guide is an article that highlights free software , tools and methods that will allow you to build a website from scratch .
The article focuses on PC design applications , but the methods described are universal .
Back to Basics Design is a series on Renegade Zen that discusses the trend of simplifying design and explains the mistakes that lead beginning designers to create unnecessarily complicated and cluttered designs .
Front - End and User Interface Design
Front -end and user interface design are what most of us are thinking of when we say web design .
This is the visible part of the site , the part that ’s shown to visitors .
There ’s a lot of theory here , as well as plenty of practical information and guidance .
Fixed vs. Fluid vs. Elastic Layout : What ’s the Right One for You ?
covers the advantages and disadvantages of each type of layout , as well as offering designers a guide for choosing the optimal one for each project .
Examples are also provided for each .
12 Useful Techniques for Good User Interface Design provides a dozen best practices for designing more usable interfaces .
Included are things like highlighting important changes , enabling keyboard shortcuts , and color - coding lists .
Killing Some Bad Layout Conventions , from Andy Rutledge , discusses a number of layout conventions that are n’t as efficient as they should be , and yet persist in the design world .
Included are certain 3 column layouts and traditional news site layouts .
The Lost Principles of Design covers a variety of traditional design princples that every designer should know .
They cover balance , unity , scale , and directional forces , among others .
Sketching in Code : The Magic of Prototyping discusses the advantages of prototyping over wireframing , and why designers should develop prototypes to streamline their design and development process .
Design and the Divine Proportion explains the concept of Phi and shows you how to incorporate it into your designs .
Blasting the Myth of the Fold covers the concept of the “ fold ” in web design and talks about why it ’s not important .
Grids
Design By Grid is a site devoted to grid - based design with articles , resources , and tutorials .
Myths and Misconceptions About Grid Systems explores common arguments against grid - based design and debunks them .
Grid-Based Design : Six Creative Column Techniques covers a variety of grid - based design techniques , including examples and case studies .
Five Simple Steps to Designing Grid Systems is a five - part series from Mark Boulton on how to design and use your own grid systems for better web designs .
Applying Mathematics to Web Design compares various mathematical proportions and geometry in webpage layout and design .
Front -End Coding
Directly related to front - end design is front - end coding .
This is the behind - the - scenes stuff , the HTML and CSS , that structure the front - end of your site and make it display properly .
While not all designers code their own pages , it ’s still valuable to be familiar with HTML and CSS so you have the option and can better work with those who do code your sites .
10 Rules of Front - End Coding are the 10 most important points to remember when designing a website from the perspective of a front - end designer .
8 Methods to Bring Your Front End Coding to Rockstar Levels covers a number of techniques for improving your front end coding .
Top 10 Best Practices for Front - End Web Developers offers nearly a dozen excellent ideas for improving your front - end development .
HTML
HTML Code Tutorial offers up tons of HTML tutorials , broken down by category .
HTML Tutorial is a tutorial from W3C Schools that covers all the basics you need to know to start working with HTML .
Dave Raggett ’s Introduction to HTML is an older but still relevant introduction to HTML that ’s simple to follow and understand .
CSS
CSS - Tricks is a blog devoted mostly to CSS ( though it covers other web design topics , too ) and a vital resource for learning both basic and advanced CSS techniques .
The CSS Blog covers CSS topics exclusively and provides great information for beginners and more advanced users alike .
What You Need To Know About Behavioral CSS offers a fantastic introduction to behavioral CSS properties like scale and rotate .
It also discusses transitions and animations , and talks about browser compatibility for behavioral properties .
Frameworks for Designers covers the pros and cons of using a CSS framework for designing and coding the front end of your site .
Concept to CSS follows the process of converting a website mock - up to a fully - functional website using HTML and CSS .
CSS Tutorial is a tutorial covering basic CSS from W3C Schools .
It ’s interactive and easy to follow and understand .
User Experience
Entire degrees could be taught about user experience .
It ’s a vast subject , and something that every designer should have at least a basic grasp of .
The sites here have tons of information , mostly on a theoretical level , but also with plenty of practical advice .
UX Booth is devoted exclusively to user experience articles and has an extensive archive filled with valuable information for both UX beginners and more advanced users .
UX Magazine is a vast resource for user experience information , that talks about UX from both a design and a strategy viewpoint .
UX Passion has a diverse collection of user experience articles and tutorials .
Visual Decision Making , from A List Apart , covers how individuals make decisions .
Understanding how your visitors make decisions while on your site will lead to a better user experience and result in more visitors following through with what you want them to do while on your site .
10 Most Common Misconceptions About User Experience Design from Mashable offers some great tips for understanding UX design .
Ruining the User Experience covers a number of things that designers sometimes do that ruin the experience of site visitors and offers advice on avoiding them .
Information Architecture
How information is structured on a site can mean the difference between a user - friendly design and one that ’s hard to use and has very few repeat visitors .
Learning the theories behind information architecture and how to put them into practice in your own designs is vital .
Website Architecture from Web Design from Scratch offers a handful of information architecture articles , including case studies and basic information , as well as more advanced topics .
Complete Beginner ’s Guide to Information Architecture is a comprehensive article from UX Booth that covers a gives a thorough overview of what IA is , resources , and some prominent information architects .
Top 10 Information Architecture ( IA ) Mistakes is an article from Jakob Nielsen about the most common information architecture mistakes designers make , including some tips on correcting them .
The Elements of Social Architecture , from A List Apart , outlines the patterns and guidelines for creating good information architecture in a social media setting .
The Curse of Information Design is another article from A List Apart that covers some of the pitfalls of strict information architecture and its potential conflicts with good design .
Findability , Orphan of the Web Design Industry explains how “ findability ” is vital to a successful website .
Making it easy for visitors to find your website , find new content once they ’re on your site , and to rediscover content they ’ve found previously will lead to happier users .
Typography
Typography is one of the most important parts of web design .
It ’s also easily overlooked by many beginning designers who are more interested in graphics and functionality than the type on a given page .
But excellent typography is what sets the outstanding designs apart from all the rest .
I Love Typography is one of the leading typography blogs out there .
They cover typography news , design , and theory , as well as showcasing great examples of beautiful and functional typography .
Typographica showcases typeface designs , offers book reviews , and plenty of commentary on typography both online and off .
8 Simple Ways to Improve Typography in Your Designs offers simple solutions for imparting great typography design in your websites .
5 Principles and Ideas of Setting Type on the Web is another excellent rundown of typography principles you should be applying to your website designs .
Five Simple Steps to Better Typography by Mark Boulton is a five - part series on improving the typography in your designs .
It covers typographic measure , hanging punctuation , ligatures , and typographic hierarchy .
Image Editing & Digital Illustration
To a large extent , digital illustration and image editing is intimidating to those who do n’t consider themselves artistically inclined .
But mastering programs like Photoshop and Illustrator are vital for most web designers and expand their options in virtually all aspects of design .
PSD Vault focuses on Photoshop tutorials with a catalog of step - by - step tutorials , many with PSD source files to aid you in your design .
GFX Artist is an excellent resource for all sorts of tutorials on every aspect of digital illustration .
Vectortuts + has a huge collection of both free and premium vector tutorials suitable for intermediate to advanced users .
Psdtuts + has a great archive of free and premium Photoshop tutorials for intermediate and advanced users .
Interactive Scripting
Almost every site online today has some kind of interactive scripting going on behind the scenes .
Whether it ’s PHP , JavaScript , Flash , or something else , learning the basics of how scripts work and what they ’re capable of is important for any designer .
While you do n’t necessarily need a working knowledge of these to be a great web designer , at the very least an understanding of what they do can improve your finished designs and make it easier for you to work with programmers and developers .
Understanding Progressive Enhancement covers the basics of implementing progressive enhancement rather than graceful degradation , and why progressive enhancement is preferable .
PHP
PHP Builder combines articles on PHP techniques , tutorials , and an active forum where you can get your questions answered .
Weberdev quick reference guide for php functions and techniques .
PHP : Documentation is the official documentation for PHP , viewable online or by download .
PHP Tutorial is the official tutorial for PHP from W3C Schools .
JavaScript and AJAX
The JavaScript Blog is a blog that covers JavaScript , jQuery , MooTools and even some CSS .
Ajax Blog has an extensive archive of AJAX programming information and resources .
The Seven Deadly Sins of JavaScript Implementation covers a variety of things JavaScript developers often do that are n’t desirable .
It ’s a good place to check to make sure you are n’t picking up bad JS habits .
Developing Sites With AJAX : Design Challenges and Common Issues is a thorough introduction to AJAX and a great place to start for beginners .
It covers all the theory you ’ll need to get started with AJAX development .
Flash
Flash Animation Tutorials has a wide variety of Flash tutorials available , from beginner to more advanced projects .
WebDesignDev has an excellent section devoted to Flash development and design with tutorials covering everything from developing small flash applications to full websites .
Best of Adobe Flash Tutorials is an article that covers some of the best Flash tutorials available .
Graphic Mania has a great collection of Flash tutorials that cover both beginner and advanced techinques .
Design Process and Project Management
The way you manage your design process and the projects you work on is something that ’s often overlooked by many design courses .
But developing an efficient design process and learning how to effectively manage projects both large and small can lead to an easier job on your part and happier clients .
10 Project Management
Tips that will help you keep your sanity and save you from extra , unneeded hassle when juggling multiple , complex web projects .
The Art of Finishing A Project talks about how , oddly enough , sometimes you do n’t know when a project should be considered “ finished ” and how to determine when your obligation to a client is complete .
Eight Tips on How To Manage Feature Creep when your initial plan starts getting unexpected “ add - ons ” by the client .
The Web Design Process – Step by Step is an excellent introduction to the steps required to make a website .
It ’s the perfect place to start for someone completely new to the process .
10 Tips for Efficient Design offers tips that can speed up your web design process and make you a more efficient designer .
Design Business
This is one area that a lot of design programs are lacking .
While many designers fresh out of school will find work with an established design firm or in an in - house design department , there are others who may , sooner or later , want to strike out on their own and start freelancing .
It ’s important that these designers know a bit about how to run a business and how to deal effectively with clients .
Even designers who have no interest in freelancing or setting up their own design firm will benefit from a bit of business knowledge , which will likely result in better interactions with their clients and a better grasp of how the entire client - designer relationship works .
FreelanceSwitch has a great archive of freelance and business - related articles aimed mostly at designers and other creative - types .
Freelance Folder offers up posts on productivity , inspiration , lifestyle , marketing and even how to articles for freelancers .
Pre-Bid Discussions is an article from Andy Rutledge that discusses what designers should aim to find out from prospective clients prior to actually bidding on a project .
He stresses the importance of carefully vetting clients for the best results .
Filling Your Dance Card in Hard Economic
Times , from A List Apart , is a guide to finding work even when the economy is n’t great .
It ’s gives a step - by - step process for maximizing your chances of finding clients .
Calculating Hours – The Client Factors covers how designers can incorporate factors from individual clients in how they quote and bill for a project .
A very helpful ( if subjective ) chart is included that shows how you might estimate hours based on specific complications to any project , such as a client team involving their own in - house design staff or the client having strong ideas about the design and / or layout .
In Summary
While this is by no means an exhaustive list , it is a good place to start and provides a framework for a self - guided design education .
Please feel free to share additional resources you ’ve found helpful in the comments !
The virus that causes AIDS can hide in the bone marrow , avoiding drugs and later awakening to cause illness , according to new research that could point the way toward better treatments for the disease .
Finding that hide - out is a first step , but years of research lie ahead .
Dr. Kathleen Collins of the University of Michigan and her colleagues report in this week ’s edition of the journal Nature Medicine that the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , which causes AIDS , can infect long - lived bone marrow cells that eventually convert into blood cells .
The virus is dormant in the bone marrow cells , she said , but when those progenitor cells develop into blood cells , it can be reactivated and cause renewed infection .
The virus kills the new blood cells and then moves on to infect other cells , said .
“ If we ’re ever going to be able to find a way to get rid of the cells , the first step is to understand ” where a latent infection can continue , Dr. Collins said .
In recent years , drugs have reduced AIDS deaths sharply , but patients need to keep taking the medicines for life or the infection comes back , she said .
That ’s an indication that while the drugs battle the active virus , some of the disease remains hidden away to flare up once the therapy is stopped .
One hide - out was found earlier in blood cells called macrophages .
Another pool was discovered in memory T - cells , and research began on attacking those .
But those could n’t account for all the HIV virus still circulating , Dr. Collins said , showing there were more locations to check out and leading her to study the blood cell progenitors .
Finding these sources of infection is important because eliminating them would allow AIDS patients to stop taking drugs after their infection was over .
That ’s critical in countries where the treatment is hard to afford and deliver .
“ I do n’t know how many people realize that although the drugs have reduced mortality , we still have a long way to go , ” Dr. Collins said in a telephone interview .
“ That is mainly because we ca n’t stop the drugs , people have to take it for a lifetime . ”
The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health , Burroughs Wellcome Foundation , University of Michigan , Rackham Predoctoral Fellowship , National Science Foundation and a Bernard Maas Fellowship .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ford 's World Rally Championship star Jari-Matti Latvala set a class - leading pace at last weekend 's Nurburgring 24 - hour race , but slipped down the field when the engine on his Ford Focus RS was damaged by track debris .
Latvala , who had celebrated winning Rally New Zealand the previous weekend , was driving for the Team FH Koln Motorsport , which was made up of Cologne University students who had entered and prepared the race car .
Latvala , who was partnered by Anja Wassertheurer , Daniela Schmid and Stefan Schlesack , was running at the sharp end of their class when the Focus collected some debris on the track , forcing the team to spend more than three hours changing the engine .
The team eventually completed 29 laps of the 13 - mile circuit and finished 117th from 197 starters .
" It was a great experience to race in front of 220,000 fans , " said Latvala .
" The atmosphere around the track was fantastic , the car worked extremely well and the whole team did an outstanding job .
I drove at dusk on Saturday and at dawn on Sunday , but not during the night .
That 's why I cannot consider myself a true 24 - hour race driver yet .
There is still a task to be fulfilled .
" After four hours , before we changed the engine , we were in 72nd position and set the fastest lap in our class so it was a shame we had a problem .
I drove the final leg and slowed on my last lap so that I reached the finish just after 1500 and did n't have to drive an extra lap .
I was the first car to take the chequered flag - I thought maybe I had won the race ! " joked Latvala .
" I will drive four asphalt rallies in the second half of the World Rally Championship season in Bulgaria , Germany , France and Spain .
Rally Deutschland , in August , is based quite close to the Nurburgring . "
Why Hire Rittgers & Rittgers ?
Our attorneys have more than 200 years of combined experience .
We represent clients in courts all over Ohio , including numerous cases argued before the Ohio Supreme Court .
Our long experience in a wide range of cases helps us provide the answers you need quickly .
It also allows us to remain on the cutting edge of Ohio law .
Your outcome could depend on having an experienced lawyer by your side .
We know how much is at stake for you in the outcome of your legal issue .
Every client deserves the careful attention , hard work and skill of an experienced attorney .
The fact that 90 percent of our cases are referred to us by former clients and other attorneys is a testament to the quality of our work and the level of service we provide .
We strive for perfection .
How Do Oil Dispersants Work ?
To help understand , consider your kitchen sink
( Newser ) – Robert Allen Stanford , the Texas man accused of running a $ 7 billion Ponzi scheme , wants out of prison , saying that his incarceration ahead of his trial is a violation of his constitutional right to due process .
Stanford , who has been " savagely beaten " while in prison , has been jailed for nearly a year and wo n't see his case head to trial until January .
" When Mr. Stanford surrendered to authorities , he was a healthy 59 - year - old man , " his lawyer tells Reuters .
Pre -trial incarceration has " reduced him to a wreck of a man . "
" He has been so savagely beaten that he has lost all feeling in the right side of his face and has lost near - field vision in his right eye , " continues his lawyer , who claims Stanford has neither the motive nor the money to skip town and should be instead placed under house arrest at his fiancee 's sister 's home .
Last summer , the financier filed a motion for better air - conditioning in his cell .
Click here for the latest on his case .
( Read more Ponzi scheme stories . )
Obama and Liz Cheney : Separated at Birth ?
When neocons talk about the rate of “ recidivism ” among people released from the Guantanamo Bay prison camp , you should probably keep in mind that “ recidivism ” may not be quite what you think .
Specifically , one condition of release is not to disclose things like the interrogation methods used there .
And so the actions included in those official “ recidivism ” statistics include the “ terrorist activity ” of seeking legal action against one ’s torturers , or turning to anti-torture activism in a way that embarrasses the U. S. government .
So a lot of the hardened terrorists who were allegedly released from Gitmo have turned to careers of “ terrorism ” consisting mainly of the major breech of etiquette , always unseemly in a guest , of airing their former hosts ’ dirty laundry .
Because you know , what happens in Gitmo , stays in Gitmo .
Just to make sure you have the rules down :
Is waterboarding terrorism ?
Nah .
Is torture terrorism ?
Not so much .
Is talking about it terrorism ?
Damn straight !
That , or something like it , seems to be becoming a fairly popular meme .
Liz Cheney , whose recent public speaking career seems to be a calculated ploy to make her dad seem less repulsive by comparison , says Justice Department lawyers who “ represented detainees at Guantanamo , filed amicus briefs in detainee - related cases , or were involved in advocacy on behalf of detainees ” before they joined the administration are Al Qaeda sympathizers , pure and simple .
( Actually , sometimes I suspect Deadeye Dick was some kind of Manchurian Candidate groomed for office by Al Qaeda–he was certainly the answer to Bin Laden ’s prayers . )
But wait !
Before she can organize a necktie party , Liz may have to get in line behind Obama ’s own justice department .
According to Solicitor General Elena Kagan , arguing before the Supreme Court , a lawyer would commit a crime — material support for terrorism — by filing a friend - of - the - court brief on behalf of a terrorist group .
So would anyone helping a terrorist group petition international bodies .
( Presumably the “ terrorist group ” — what would have been called an “ alleged terrorist group ” before the Bill of Rights went down the memory hole — is so designated pursuant to the President ’s power to declare any group “ terrorist ” by executive order , subjecting them to summary forfeiture of assets without due process of law . )
And what if the amicus brief or petition is in aid of a group trying to challenge its “ terrorist ” designation ?
Defenders of torture and irregular legal process against “ terrorists ” have already practically institutionalized the conceptual legerdemain by which the accusation of terrorism is sufficient evidence of guilt .
But now we seem to be approaching a further stage in the degradation of all legal norms : not only is terrorism is so serious a crime that the bare accusation constitutes guilt ; it ’s so serious a crime that the denial of guilt is itself a crime !
With one major exception , the tendency for the past several decades has been for police statism to ratchet upward under both parties .
The exception was the Church commission hearings and subsequent legislative restraints on executive power , passed in the atmosphere of public outrage and horror following the revelation of Richard Nixon ’s abuses of power .
Nixon ’s abuses pale in comparison to those committed by Bush during his eight years in office .
Somehow , I do n’t think we ’re going to get another Church Commission .
That would be way too partisan and divisive .
Our site is currently under maintenance .
For a quote please fill in your details below
The guy who hates government intervention so much that he ’d prefer it if the Civil Rights Act and the Federal Housing
Act did n’t force businesses to treat black people like people may face a challenge by a Libertarian candidate in the Kentucky Senate race this fall , according to Libertarian Vice - Chairman Joshua Koch .
“ He had gone from being an outsider candidate to a tea party candidate to an establishment candidate in the past nine months , ” Koch says .
“ It ’s a complete identity crisis .
I ’ve never seen anything like it . ”
We would hardly call Paul an establishment candidate , but we guess everything ’s relative .
Koch highlights
Paul ’s support for a constitutional ban on abortion , and his opposition to gay marriage , as evidence that he ’s not actually as libertarian as he seems — which makes sense .
Strange , how Paul ’s beliefs just can’t allow him to support government - mandated equal treatment of racial minorities , as painful as that is for him , but it ’s cool if the government decides which individuals can marry .
“ America can prosper , preserve personal liberty , and repel national security threats without intruding into the personal lives of its citizens , ” the “ Privacy and Liberty ” section of his website reads .
Except gays !
Rand Paul faces possible challenge , staff shake - up [ AP via Yahoo ]
TOKYO  A Japanese technology giant little known outside Asia is racing to capture the booming Chinese Internet market .
And in the process , it hopes to become a global player straddling what is fast becoming the world ’s most wired region .
The company , Softbank , already trumps Google in Japan , where it has the country ’s most popular search engine and e-commerce site .
It also runs the fastest - growing mobile phone carrier in Japan and operates its largest broadband network .
Softbank is also the sole Japanese carrier for the Apple iPhone ; in addition it is the only company providing data service for the iPad , which went on sale Friday to much fanfare .
But Softbank ’s most promising ventures are in China , where it has made a series of strategic investments in some of the country ’s most prominent Internet companies .
It invested in the Chinese Web retailer Alibaba in 2000 , pushing its founder , Jack Ma , to start Taobao , now the biggest e-commerce site in the country .
Softbank remains one of Alibaba ’s leading investors , with a 34 percent stake in the company .
Still , like society comics strive to move forward and away from the sins of the past .
Sure , they 've made some slightly bad racial decisions ( " We should call every black superhero ' Black SomethingOrOther , ' so everyone knows how black they are " ) , but at least they tried to progress .
Even if their attempts at racial sensitivity are misguided or poorly thought out , you can't fault them for trying , right ?
Comics , like any art form , are a product of the generation that created them .
In some cases , it 's nice to see Captain America channel American patriotism to beat Nazi ass .
In other cases , Indian Chief .
5 Marvel Creates a Gay Hero Presumably Based on Will & Grace Reruns
Homosexual characters have been featured in comics prior to 2003 , but usually he ( it was always a he ) would be a mincing effeminate poof who would be either the butt of constant jokes , or beaten up , or both .
( Or , you know , Robin . )
But the mainstream comic scene had not yet seen a gay title character in a comic , which is actually pretty shocking , when you realize that they 'd made room for the roller - disco demographic .
So , Marvel decided to team veteran comic artist John Severin with writer Ron Zimmerman to help correct that oversight .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The plan was to revamp The Rawhide Kid , a tough , quick - gunned cowboy from the 50s .
They were going to keep his toughness and attitude , just with a gay twist .
By making a gay character that was both a hero and a cowboy - - typically uber - masculine roles -- it was a great opportunity to break away from stereotypes and show the comic - reading audience that not all homosexuals were screaming hairdressers or over - the - top caricatures ; they could be just as tough and badass as your favorite action hero .
If handled properly , this could be a very important comic series .
So , How'd That Go ?
Not , uh ... not great .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Rawhide Kid was every negative , damaging gay stereotype dressed in a cowboy hat .
Sure , he was still a good fighter and a great shooter , but he was also a nancing , effeminate goon and the exact kind of character people did n't need to identify the gay movement with .
He 's the title character , but he 's still the butt of the joke .
Additionally , his antics made him , and we say this respectfully , annoying as shit .
He says things like " toodles " and calls out " meow " when he 's being bitchy .
He gives out douchey fashion advice ...
Image caption William Wilkinson had denied the charges
A Ballymena councillor has been found guilty of raping a woman in her home .
William Wilkinson , 33 , of Tully Road in Portglenone , was convicted at Antrim Crown Court on Thursday .
It came a day after he was found guilty of the attempted rape in August 2008 of the woman , who was described as " a casual acquaintance " .
A United Unionist Coalition councillor , he originally held a council seat for the DUP but left the party three years ago .
Wilkinson had claimed the woman consented to sex but made a 999 call after falling out with him because of his drinking .
The court heard Wilkinson had more than 20 injuries to his face and body which were consistent with scratch marks caused by someone 's nails .
The jury agreed that rather than these injuries being inflicted during a drunken row , the woman was fighting him away in self defence .
Wilkinson was remanded in custody and will be sentenced next month .
Crews on ships work on skimming and collecting oil near the source site of the Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico near Venice , Louisiana .
US officials were poised Saturday to begin building massive sand barriers in the Mississippi Delta in a last - ditch bid to keep oil from BP 's gushing Deepwater Horizon well from reaching Louisiana 's fragile wetlands .
US officials were poised Saturday to begin building massive sand barriers in the Mississippi Delta in a last - ditch bid to keep oil from BP 's gushing Deepwater Horizon well from reaching Louisiana 's fragile wetlands .
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen on Thursday approved plans to build a six - foot ( 1.82 meters ) high sand berm at Scofield Island , around 10 miles ( 16 kilometers ) southwest of the port of Venice .
The berm will be paid for by British Petroleum or by a federal fund set up in 1986 to help states hit by an oil spill , and will be a test - run to see if a plan of Louisiana officials to build a string of sand barriers along the coastline to keep the oil away will actually work .
Local officials , including Governor Bobby Jindal , have been almost begging for permission to start building the berms by dredging sediment from designated areas in the Mississippi Delta and dumping it to make man-made barrier islands .
Billy Nungesser , president of Plaquemines Parish , which juts into the marshlands south of New Orleans , said this week he would build his own berms starting Saturday if the federal government did not approve the permits .
Louisiana Senator Mary Landrieu hailed the berm plan as " a significant and achievable first step toward minimizing damage to Louisiana 's coast " from the oil .
But environmentalists have issues with berms , fearing the solution officials are proposing to hold back the oil from Louisiana 's unique marshlands , if not done right , could do more harm than good to the Mississippi Delta , and might not do the job at all .
" Berms are being seen as a kind of silver bullet , a magic fix to prevent oil from coming in , " Lake Pontchartrain Basin Foundation scientist John Lopez told AFP .
" But the more they 've been studied , the more it 's been realized that they 're really only a partial fix , and not a very good one ; but then nothing else is either , " he said .
The original berm - building plans submitted by Louisiana officials in early May would have involved taking sand from a mile out in the Gulf of Mexico and pumping it closer in to shore to build manmade barrier islands .
That plan was " being pushed by the dredging companies with no science involved , " said coastal scientist Angelina Freeman , one of the experts who told AFP that taking sand so close to the shore would promote coastal erosion , already a huge problem in Louisiana .
According to Lopez , the plan approved this week would take sediment from a distributary near Pass a Loutre in the Mississippi Delta that has silted up .
But the problem with taking sediment from the Mississippi Delta to make berms is that the bed of the delta is mainly mud .
" Mud is not good for making berms because it 's very fine , and fine material wo n't stack , " said Lopez .
" When you hydraulically pump sediment that 's fine , it just bleeds out and flows away . "
Even if it were possible to build a berm with mud , " any kind of tidal action would make it disperse , " said Freeman .
Oil could easily become trapped in and absorbed by the mud , which would prevent it from weathering and breaking down , the scientists said .
Berms have to be built in such as way as to not block off tidal inlets , because narrower inlets would increase the velocity at which water is channelled into the delta area , which could mean that the oil is driven even further into the fragile marshlands than without the berms .
Berms can also alter water salinity which would affect the fragile marshlands .
The scientists said the plan approved by the Coast Guard was not perfect but better than the original plan which would have had an extensive network of berms running across the mouth of the Mississippi River .
The original plan put forward by Jindal would have " fixed only a part of the system instead of looking at it as a whole , " said Freeman .
The plan approved Thursday would work with the natural system of the delta region by putting berms in places where barrier islands have been broken down naturally , and was " an option we can live with , " the experts said .
Explore further Experts debate diverting Mississippi to fight oil spill
( c ) 2010 AFP
Tomorrow is the day that I loathe to use the Internet .
April Fools day is the occasion everyone and their hillbilly uncle uses to attempt to prank each other with fake news stories .
Google was among first to the party with their semi-humorous dating site Google Romance among the best .
But they too have gone downhill with last year ’s groaners .
So , to make tomorrow more tolerable , I ’m warning everyone that TOMORROW IS APRIL FOOLS DAY !
DON’T FALL FOR STUPID FAKE INTERNET STORIES THAT AREN’T FUNNY ANYMORE !
If you actually liked the Internet devolving into jr. high pranks , I appoligize for ruining tomorrow ’s magic .
But the rest of us ca n’t take it anymore .
The Daily Pennsylvanian , my college newspaper , had one of the best , and worst , April Fools editions .
Here ’s basically how it went for college students :
Freshman year : “ Whoa , they totally got me .
What funny writers .
I ca n’t wait for next year ’s paper . ”
Sophomore year : “ The April Fools edition was so much better last year . ”
Junior year : “ This is getting really old , really fast . ”
Senior year : “ I ’m never reading the Daily Pennsylvanian again . ”
I think this applies perfectly to the Internet on April Fools Day .
Sure , it was humorous at the beginning .
But it ’s not funny anymore .
Seriously , stop it .
Active Appearance Models
An AAM contains a statistical model of the shape and grey - level appearance of the object of interest which can generalise to almost any valid example .
Matching to an image involves finding model parameters which minimise the difference between the image and a synthesised model example , projected into the image .
The potentially large number of parameters makes this a difficult problem .
We observe that displacing each model parameter from the correct value induces a particular pattern in the residuals .
In a training phase , the AAM learns a linear model of the relationship between parameter displacements and the induced residuals .
During search it measures the residuals and uses this model to correct the current parameters , leading to a better fit .
A good overall match is obtained in a few iterations , even from poor starting estimates .
We have a face model built from 400 images .
The figure below shows frames from an AAM search for a new face , each starting with the mean model displaced from the true face centre .
Figure 1 : Multi-Resolution search from displaced position
Initial Position After 1 iteration After 2 iterations Convergence
Brain Search
You can now download a set of tools to build and play with Appearance Models and AAMs here .
Enjoy .
Twitter can be a decent communications medium for some things , but let 's face it : there 's only so much one can say in 140 characters .
It 's hard to believe that a user could infringe on someone 's copyright within such tight constraints , but someone apparently thinks it can .
Twitter has removed an update posted by the music writer who runs JP 's blog , citing a DMCA takedown request from an unnamed sender .
The situation once again highlights the potential for abuse through the DMCA 's takedown system , and raises questions about how much service providers should push back against abuses .
According to a post on JP 's blog , JP received a message from Twitter with a URL to the tweet that was being removed , noting that the reason was because of a DMCA takedown notice .
The tweet in question was a link to a blog post on his site posted on April 20 .
The post described a leaked album by The National , a link to the Amazon page where the album could be preordered , and two links to MP3s from the album , both of which were hosted elsewhere ( Box.net and Mediafire ) .
Incidentally , that blog post with the leak is still online , while his tweet about the blog post is now offline .
And , of course , the Streisand Effect is now taking place — even more attention has been drawn to the leak thanks to the anonymous DMCA takedown sender ( which is likely the music label behind The National ) .
As noted by TechDirt , there are numerous questions here over whether a DMCA takedown was even appropriate in this case .
After all , the text of the tweet itself did not contain any infringing material — it read " New Post : Leaked : The National — High Violet " with a link to JP 's own blog .
It 's the Twitter equivalent of us here at Ars getting a takedown notice for linking to JP 's blog post about the leaked album , which links to the MP3s .
Did anyone retweet JP 's tweet , and , if so , did those get taken down too ?
How far can a copyright holder go down the linking rabbit hole before it becomes too ridiculous , even for them ?
There 's also a question of whether JP 's blog post itself should even be subject to a DMCA takedown on its own — it certainly makes more sense than the tweet , but JP does n't host any of the MP3s of questionable origin on his own site .
And , because he offers several paragraphs of commentary on the music , a lawyer could push the fair use angle on the post .
If anything , the takedown - sender should have focused its attention on Mediafire and Box. net for hosting the leaked files .
Then again , music bloggers can't seem to catch a break lately , so in that sense , it 's hardly surprising to see a ( likely ) music label sending misguided DMCA notices .
Either way , it 's clear that Twitter was not the proper recipient of this DMCA notice .
In The Coen brother ’s The Big Lebowski , John Goodman steals the show playing Walter Sobchak .
Walter ranks only behind Chewbacca in a Gunaxin user poll for the best sidekick in film .
First , let ’s watch a compilation of our favorite Walter scenes .
Sculpting Walter
Apparently , artists are fond of Walter .
That ’s why they ’ve made artwork devoted to him .
Check out more photos of this Walter model from Adam Carroll ’s website .
Here ’s another model of Walter from Gustav Embretsen ’s website .
Walter as Lego ( from Walyou ) .
More fun with Lego :
Here is what happens when The Simpsons gets a hold of The Big Lebowski .
Shabbos Break
Best Walter Dialogue
Walter :
You ’re goddamn right I ’m living in the fucking past !
Walter : [ shouted repeatedly while smashing a car with a crow bar ]
This is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass !
Walter : Nihilists !
Fuck me .
I mean , say what you like about the tenets of National Socialism , Dude , at least it ’s an ethos .
Walter : Fair !
WHO ’S THE FUCKING NIHILIST HERE !
WHAT ARE YOU , A BUNCH OF FUCKING CRYBABIES ?
Walter : Fucking dipshit with a nine toed woman .
Walter : Fuck it , Dude , let ’s go bowling .
Walter :
You have got to buck up , man .
You cannot drag this negative energy in to the tournament !
The Dude : Fuck the tournament …
Fuck YOU , Walter !
[ pause ]
Walter : Fuck the tournament ?
All right , I can see you do n’t want to be cheered up here , Dude .
Come on Donny , let ’s go get us a lane .
Walter :
He lives in North Hollywood on Radford , near the In - and - Out Burger …
The Dude : The In - and - Out Burger is on Camrose .
Walter : Near the In - and - Out Burger …
Donny :
Those are good burgers , Walter .
Walter :
Shut the fuck up , Donny .
Walter : I told that Kraut a fuckin’ thousand times , I do n’t roll on shabbos !
Walter :
The man in the black pajamas , Dude .
Worthy fuckin’ adversary .
Donny : Who ’s in pajamas Walter ?
Walter :
Shut the fuck up , Donny .
Walter : Whereas what we have here ?
A bunch of fig -eaters wearing towels on their heads , trying to find reverse in a Soviet tank .
This is not a worthy adversary .
Walter : Look at our current situation with that camel fucker over in Iraq .
Pacifism is not something to hide behind .
Donny :
They posted the next round for the tournament .
Walter : Donny , shut the f- when do we play ?
Walter : Donny was a good bowler , and a good man .
He was one of us .
He was a man who loved the outdoors … and bowling , and as a surfer he explored the beaches of Southern California , from La Jolla to Leo Carrillo and … up to … Pismo .
He died , like so many young men of his generation , he died before his time .
In your wisdom , Lord , you took him , as you took so many bright flowering young men at Khe Sanh , at Langdok , at Hill 364 .
These young men gave their lives .
And so would Donny .
Donny , who loved bowling .
And so , Theodore Donald Karabotsos , in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been , we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the Pacific Ocean , which you loved so well .
Good night , sweet prince .
Walter :
Is this your homework , Larry ?
Is this your homework , Larry ?
The Dude : Look , man …
Walter : Dude , please ?
Is this your homework , Larry ?
The Dude : Just ask him about the car .
Walter :
Is this yours , Larry ?
Is this your homework , Larry ?
The Dude : Is that your car out front ?
Walter :
Is this your homework , Larry ?
The Dude :
We know it ’s his fucking homework !
Where ’s the fucking money , you little brat ?
Walter : Look , Larry .
Have you ever heard of Vietnam ?
The Dude : Oh , for Christ ’s sake , Walter …
Walter :
You ’re entering a world of pain , son .
We know that this is your homework .
We know that you stole a car .
The Dude : And the fucking money .
Walter :
And the fucking money .
And , we know that this is your homework .
The Dude :
We ’re going to cut your dick off , Larry .
Walter :
You ’re killing your father , Larry !
[ after biting the German ’s ear off ]
Walter : Anti-semite !
Walter : Lady , I got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and I could enjoy this family restaurant !
Mark It Zero Break
Dress Up Like Walter
Walter Special Mission Adult Costume
Walter ’s Sunglasses
The Big Lebowski Action Figures
Walter and The Dude Set
Or , if for some reason you do n’t want The Dude , you can get Walter separately .
Also get your hands on Donny , Jesus and The Stranger .
Walter T - Shirts
Is This Your Homework ?
T- Shirt
Walter Mens T - Shirt
Mark It Zero , Dude Gray T - Shirt Tee
I Can Get You a Toe Red T - Shirt
Shomer Shabbos T - Shirt
I Do n’t Roll On Shabbas T - Shirt
Dabbled In Pacifism T - Shirt
World Of Pain T - Shirt
Let ’s end this tribute with …
By John Spritzler
Turn the World Upside Down
Palestinians carried a symbolic key during a “ nakba , ’’ or catastrophe , rally yesterday in Gaza City .
( Mohammed Salem / Reuters )
AP reporter Rizek Abdel Jawad broke a taboo by providing truthful background in his report today on Palestinians in Gaza marching to commemorate the Nakba , which mean " catastrophe " in Arabic and refers to the Zionist removal of Palestinians from what is now Israel in 1948 .
Jawad may have sacrificed his career by letting the cat out of the bag : he broke an American mass media taboo by explaining why the very existence of Israel as a Jewish state is a catastrophe for Palestinians .
This is what he wrote in an article titled Palestinians recall ’ 48 displacement :
" The plight of the refugees -- who fled or were driven from their homes during the 1948 Israeli - Arab war -- is one of the most emotionally charged issues for Palestinians and Israel to resolve ... Some 4.7 million Palestinian refugees and their descendants are scattered across the West Bank , Gaza , Lebanon , Jordan , and Syria , according to UN figures .
About one - third still live in UN - supported refugee camps ...
" Palestinian negotiators have demanded at least partial repatriation .
Israel has refused , saying an influx of refugees would dilute Israel 's Jewish majority and threaten the existence of the state . "
The Boston Globe ran this report below the fold on page A17 , where relatively few people will read it .
Nonetheless , it may be the first time that a Globe article informed its readers about what " Israel 's right to exist " really means .
Because Israel officially defines itself as a Jewish state , a state of " The Jewish People " and not a state of all its citizens , a state that , in order to be a " Jewish state , " must use ethnic cleansing ( i.e. removal ) of non-Jewish Palestinians to ensure that Jews are at least 80 % of the population allowed to live inside it , a state that considers non-Jewish citizens to be a " dilution " of its very essence , because of this the phrase " Israel 's right to exist " really means the right of Zionists to enforce the ethnic cleansing of non-Jews from their homes and villages by refusing to allow them to return .
For perhaps the first time a Globe reader who puts two and two together could figure out that denying Israel 's right to exist ( as Albert Einstein did ) is not anti-Semitism but rather is what decent people who oppose ethnic cleansing must do .
I doubt we will see this cat being let out of the bag too often in the future .
The Globe and the rest of America 's mass media do n't want the American public to understand why Palestinians are so angry at the Israeli government ; they want us to think it is just that Arabs and Muslims are and always have been anti-Semitic .
They do n't want us to know that before the Zionist project to make most of Palestine an exclusively Jewish state Arab Muslims and Jews got along fine in Palestine .
America's wealthy ruling elite want us to believe the lie that Arabs and Muslims are hate - driven anti-Semitic fanatics who " hate Israeli and American freedom . "
Why ?
Because that lie is how our rulers get us to obey them .
" Do what we order you to do , " our leaders say , " because we are protecting you from terrorists . "
" Send your sons and daughters to fight and die in wars to overthrow foreign governments and install regimes we like because this is necessary to defeat the terrorists , " they say .
" Give up your jobs and pensions and affordable health care , " they say , " and give up teachers for your children and public services like libraries and a social safety net so that we can transfer trillions of dollars to the bankers , because this is required to make America strong so we and our great ally - - Israel - - can win the war on terror . "
America 's ruling plutocracy needs a boogie man to control us , and with the Communist boogieman now vanished " anti-Semitic " Palestinians and their Arab / Muslim sympathizers must fill the bill .
Do not , therefore , be surprised if honest reports like the career - ending one from Rizek Abdel Jawad remain scarce as hens ’ teeth .
Turn the World Upside Down
New Jersey woman fights for her ' BIOCH ' license plates
MANVILLE
— For four years , Kim Romano ’s personalized license plates have been her calling card .
People know it ’s her when she steers her dark blue Chrysler convertible emblazoned with the word " bioch , " slang for bitch , through her small town .
" They say , we knew you were here , we saw your car , " said Romano , 49 , of Manville .
" People know me by the plates . "
Everyone , she said , has been in on the joke .
But one person was n’t laughing and filed a complaint , saying the plates are profane .
Now , in a collision between slang and bureaucracy , the Motor Vehicle Commission wants the plates back .
" The commission , in processing your request , erred and assigned a combination which is considered objectionable , " wrote Dodie Burrell , a supervisor in the Special Plate Unit , in a May 5 letter to Romano .
" The commission has no alternative but to immediately recall the license plate ‘ bioch . ’ "
Romano has little choice in the matter — the MVC wo n’t renew her registration next month if she does n’t turn what are now considered profanity plates .
She ’s not happy about it .
" It ’s not offensive , " she said .
" It ’s not even a real word . "
The idea for the plates came after the commission messed up a previous request .
Romano asked for " big kim , " a joke about her outsized personality crammed into her five - foot frame .
But the commission sent her " b1g kim , " which she said " looked stupid . "
So Romano sat down with a co-worker at Somerset County ’s vehicle maintenance department to punch in other funny ideas into MVC ’s website .
Their off - color offerings kept getting rejected after failing to sneak past the screening software .
MVC spokesman Mike Horan said vulgar plates and those with derogatory racial and ethnic terms wo n’t be approved .
" Anything that might be conveyed as foul , " he said .
" ‘ You suck ’ would obviously not be allowed . "
Finally , Romano typed in " bioch . "
To her surprise , it was successfully processed .
Worried there was a mistake , she called the commission .
" They were laughing , " Romano said .
" They said , ‘ Congratulations , you ’re the first ‘ bioch ’ in New Jersey . "
Originally , the plates were a nuisance .
Police , suspecting they were fake , kept pulling her over , she said .
But she grew proud of them over time .
Then came the complaint .
" I know that the MVC Special Plate Unit would not intentionally issue a set of NJ license plates with profanity on them , " read the complaint , signed " retired police officer . "
" However , one of our NJ residents ‘ got over ’ by using slang terminology ! "
About 100,000 of New Jersey ’s 7 million vehicles have " personalized plates , " which cost $ 50 , Horan said .
It ’s rare for a plate to be recalled , he said .
On Monday , Romano was on the phone with the MVC to pick out a new plate .
After a few ideas were rejected she became exasperated and muttered something .
The woman at MVC replied : " I ’ll see if that ’s available . "
Romano expects her new plates -- " whaever " -- to arrive soon .
Population Growth of the Southwest United States , 1900 - 1990
by
Martin Chourre and Stewart Wright
U.S. Geological Survey
Introduction
Geographic Analysis
A small - scale map ( 1:2,000,000 ) will show more area in less detail and a large - scale map ( 1:24,000 ) will show less area in greater detail .
This relationship is important when analyzing data of different scales .
Small - scale maps can be used to locate areas of interest requiring more detailed study , and to support local or large - scale modeling and analysis .
The value of small - scale mapping is to show the population trends throughout the region .
Because of the small scale and the cartographic generalization of some of the pre-1990 boundary locations , these data sets may not be suitable for large - scale modeling or comprehensive analysis .
These boundary locations are not based on legal land descriptions , which could affect the size of a county and render the population density figures inaccurate for local analysis .
The scale of the maps also affects accuracy .
Exact boundary positions cannot be mapped in detail at this small scale .
Some geographic principles apply when comparing total population with population density .
The size of a county will affect how population density is shown when compared to total population .
The County of San Francisco is quite small ( less than 50 square miles ) though its population is fairly high .
Given this situation , the population density remains in the high category through the decades , while total population remains in the middle category .
When looking at the population density maps , the impression is that San Francisco is a highly populated place , but when looking at the total population it is not in the high category .
The same is true for Denver County in Colorado .
Its population density is in the high category , but its total population is in the middle category .
Click to view animated maps of TOTAL POPULATION and POPULATION DENSITY by county for the southwestern United States , by decade for the period 1900 - 1990 .
Click any map to view a larger image
In the 1980 and 1990 population density maps , the counties where Las Vegas ( Clark ) and Albuquerque ( Bernalillo ) are located tell a similar story .
The total population of Las Vegas is larger than that of Albuquerque , yet the population density is higher for Bernalillo County than Clark County .
In the 1980 population density map , Maricopa County , Arizona , has a medium population density even though the population of Phoenix is quite high .
These examples show how the size of a county affects the population density .
Click any map to view a larger image
Total population or population density by themselves do not give any indication as to where population is concentrated in the county .
But , when viewed together , some assumptions can be made .
San Bernardino County , California is the largest county in the southwestern United States .
The population density maps show the county in the low to medium ranges throughout the decades .
The total population maps show the population growing into the high category by 1990 .
Taking into consideration the population growth of the surrounding counties , an assumption can be made that most of the people in San Bernardino County are concentrated in the Los Angeles metropolitan area .
Click any map to view a larger image
Changing county boundaries can be used to deduce certain characteristics about an area other than the total population and population density .
Looking at Colorado in 1900 , Arapahoe County has a high population and a lower population density because of its size .
In 1910 , when Denver County first appears , both the population and the population density classifications increase inside the new county .
The assumption can be made that in 1900 , before Denver County was formed , most people were concentrated in the western part of Arapahoe County .
In 1900 , the population density for San Diego County , California was fairly low .
In 1910 , when Imperial County was formed , the population density increased in San Diego County .
This points to the fact that in 1900 , before Imperial County was formed , most people were concentrated in the western part of the county near the city of San Diego .
Click any map to view a larger image
The class values show a trend as well .
The number of counties in the lower classification ranges decreases and the number in the higher ranges increases with time .
Between 1910 and 1920 , the numbers stayed the same and growth was slow enough that the classification scheme was unable to pick out any growth for that time period .
Between 1930 and 1940 , the large increases in the numbers from lower to higher classes suggest a surge in growth .
Click any map to view a larger image
Population Trends
Federal Government policies have played an important role in the development of the Southwest .
The Mining Act of 1879 provided initial impetus for the mining industry , and the various Homestead Acts made inexpensive land available for farmers .
Public works such as irrigation , electric power generation , road building and water diversion and retention projects helped foster urban and rural growth .
For example , the construction of Hoover Dam in the 1930s played a huge role in the development of the Las Vegas area .
In the time period immediately preceding and during WWII , the expansion of military bases and ship and aircraft building industries brought many workers to the Southwest .
People stayed after the war or moved to the Southwest upon completion of military service .
More recently , the use of government lands for resource utilization , such as oil and gas drilling and grazing permits for livestock , has played an important part in the growth of the Southwest .
Many local and state governments offer incentives such as low taxes , cheap utilities , and inexpensive land to businesses that relocate from other states .
As mining and agriculture became less labor - intensive and more mechanized , people started moving to urban areas throughout the country , especially in the Southwest , providing the labor pool for manufacturing and industry .
Modern transportation , such as better highways , increased rail service and commercial airlines have increased mobility , allowing people to travel and do business over greater distances .
Since the end of WWII , tourism and recreation - oriented businesses have become increasingly important in the Southwest .
Many people are moving
West for better quality of life , more open space , less congestion and increased recreational opportunities .
The growing elderly population has been drawn to the warm and sunny climate of the region .
Large retirement settlements have been a significant factor in the growth of some regions in the Southwest .
There are many reasons for the huge population growth of the southwestern United States in the 20th century .
The Front Range of Colorado , the Wasatch Front in Utah , the Las Vegas , Los Angeles and other metropolitan areas , all exhibit unique population trends .
Trends for the future may be based upon different factors yet to exist .
Conclusion
The population of the Southwestern United States has increased by approximately 1,500 % over the last 90 years , while the population of the United States as a whole has grown by just 225 % .
In the Southwest , Arizona and Nevada have led the way with increases of 2,880 % and 2,840 % , respectively .
The metropolitan area in Nevada that is responsible for this growth is Las Vegas ( Clark County ) .
Clark County had a 90 - year growth rate of 22,480 % , growing from 3,284 people in 1900 to 741,459 people in 1990 .
Maricopa County ( Phoenix ) , Arizona , had a 100 - year growth rate of 10,275 % , with most of that growth occurring between 1960 and 1990 .
Considering both the local factors and the general population increase that the southwestern United States has seen over the last 90 years , and assuming that growth will continue , it is easy to see why plans for the future are necessary .
Water and natural resources need to be managed to accommodate the future growth and economies need to be examined to ensure a healthy environment .
A brief description of the Geographic Data is available .
Have you ever wondered if you could create a wxPython program using XML ?
Well , I never did either , but there is a way and its name is XRC .
In fact , wxPython comes with an editor called XRCed that you can use to layout your GUI and generate the XML code with .
In this article , we ’ll give you a quick walk - through of XRC and how to use it to create a couple GUI skeletons .
We will look at two examples that use only XRC controls and then a third that mixes in some additional non-XRC widgets .
Creating a Login Screen with XRC
A common dialog that we often see is a login dialog .
I used XRCed to create the following XML code :
wxVERTICAL
Username :
wxALL
5
Password :
wxALL
5
Login
wxALL|wxALIGN_CENTRE
5
Cancel
wxALL|wxALIGN_CENTRE
5
2 3
4
2
5
200,100
Login
1
To use XRC code in your wxPython , all you need to do is “ import wx.xrc ” or use “ from wx import xrc ” .
Let ’s see what the Python code looks like :
import wx from wx import xrc class MyApp ( wx.App ) : def OnInit ( self ) : res = xrc.XmlResource ( " login.xrc " ) frame = res.LoadFrame( None , ' mainFrame ' ) frame .
Show ( ) return
True if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = MyApp ( False ) app.MainLoop ()
In the code above , we use xrc ’s XmlResource method to open our XML file and load it in our program .
Next , we use the resulting variable to load specific widgets from the file .
In this case , we load just the frame by calling LoadFrame .
Note that we passed None into the LoadFrame call .
That first argument is the parent argument and since this frame should n’t have a parent , we passed it None .
Lastly , we call the frame ’s
Show method so we can actually see our program .
That ’s all there is to it !
Now let ’s move onto something a little bit more complex .
Creating a Notebook with XRC
Creating a Notebook widget is a little trickier than just creating a frame .
For one thing , when using a Notebook , you usually stick multiple panels on it .
This can get confusing if your panels are complex .
Thus , we ’ll look at how to create a simple notebook and a slightly more complex version .
Let ’s start with the simple one first .
If you want to follow along , open XRCed and see if you can copy the layout in the screenshot below :
The trick to adding pages to your notebook in XRCed is that you need to select the child panel and choose the NotebookPage tab that appears on the right .
In there you can set the labels for the tabs .
Let ’s take a look at the generated XML :
wxVERTICAL
tabOne
tabTwo 1 wxALL|wxEXPAND
5
XRC Notebook Demo
It ’s pretty much the same as the code we saw previously .
Note that we can embed sizer flags in the XML itself ( e.g. wxALL|wx.EXPAND ) .
That ’s pretty neat !
The code to load this notebook is almost exactly the same as the code we used for the login dialog earlier :
# notebookXrcDemo.py import wx from wx import xrc class MyApp ( wx.App ) : def OnInit ( self ) : self.res = xrc.XmlResource ( " notebook2.xrc " ) self .
frame = self.res.LoadFrame( None , ' DemoFrame ' ) self .
frame .
Show ( ) return
True if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = MyApp ( False ) app.MainLoop ()
The only differences here are the names of the frame and the XRC file .
Now let ’s move on to our slightly more complex Notebook example .
In this example , we will create a notebook XRC file and two Panel XRC files that we can use as tabs for the notebook .
Our new Notebook ’s XML is pretty much like the old one , so we ’ll skip that .
Instead , we ’ll look at our Python code instead :
# notebookXrcDemo2.py import wx from wx import xrc class MyApp ( wx.App ) : def OnInit ( self ) : res = xrc.XmlResource ( " notebook.xrc " ) frame = res.LoadFrame ( None , " DemoFrame " ) panel = xrc.XRCCTRL ( frame , " DemoPanel " ) notebook = xrc.XRCCTRL ( panel , " DemoNotebook " ) # load another xrc file res = xrc.XmlResource (" panelOne.xrc " ) tabOne = res.LoadPanel( notebook , " panelOne " ) notebook .
AddPage ( tabOne , " TabOne " ) # load the last xrc file res = xrc.XmlResource ( " panelTwo.xrc " ) tabTwo = res.
LoadPanel ( notebook , " panelTwo " ) notebook .
AddPage ( tabTwo , " tabTwo " ) frame .
Show ( ) return
True if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = MyApp ( False ) app.MainLoop ()
Here we just extract the frame , panel and notebook objects from the first XRC file and use those as our basis for adding other controls .
Loading the other two panels is a cinch as we just do what we did to load the original panel .
Then we add our new panels to the notebook using the familiar AddPage methodology .
Once that ’s done , we show the frame and we ’re done !
The second panel has an empty ListCtrl in it and when I first created it , I kept getting error messages because I forgot to set its style .
Make sure you tell it that you want it to be in List , Report or one of its other modes or you ’ll have issues too .
Adding Controls Outside of XRC
One of the issues with XRC is that it only supports a small subset of the widgets available .
Fortunately , there are ways to “ teach ” XRC how to use new controls , but that is beyond the scope of this introductory article .
Instead , I ’ll show you how to add the controls outside of XRC .
The concept is the same as using normal widgets , so it ’s really easy to understand .
In fact , we ’re going to take the second notebook example and add a PlateButton to it :
# notebookXrcDemo3.py import wx from wx import xrc import wx.lib. platebtn as platebtn class MyApp ( wx.App ) : def OnInit ( self ) : self.res = xrc.XmlResource ( " notebook2.xrc " ) frame = self.res.LoadFrame( None , ' DemoFrame ' ) panel = xrc.XRCCTRL ( frame , " DemoPanel " ) notebook = xrc.XRCCTRL ( panel , " DemoNotebook " ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) btn = platebtn .
PlateButton ( panel , label = " Test " , style=platebtn.PB_STYLE_DEFAULT ) sizer .
Add(notebook , 1 , wx.ALL|wx.EXPAND , 5 ) sizer .
Add( btn ) panel. SetSizer( sizer ) frame .
Show ( ) return
True if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = MyApp ( False ) app.MainLoop ()
Notice that all we had to do was take the XRC Panel widget and make it the PlateButton ’s parent .
Then we added the notebook and the button to a vertically oriented sizer .
Now we know how to combine normal widgets with XRC widgets in our applications .
I hope you ’ve learned a lot from this article and will find it helpful in your own work .
Further Reading
Downloads
Exquisitely peaceful , the Abbaye beckons you into its intimate and comfortable sitting rooms for some rare moments of relaxation .
Inside , antique objects and furniture and a harmonious mix of precious and colored fabrics gently embellish modern alcoves sheltered from the bustling capital .
Microsoft Australia has launched an online campaign to try to persuade people to stop using Internet Explorer 6 .
The campaign likens the browser to a carton of milk : you would n't drink nine - year old milk , so why would you use a browser of a similar vintage ?
The site then goes on to list various facts and figures about how online crime affects Australians , and describes the ways in which Internet Explorer 8 protects against phishing and security flaws .
Though the comparison is more than a little absurd ( and the idea of drinking nine - year old milk wholly revolting ) , Internet Explorer 6 is without a doubt thoroughly obsolete .
Its support for Web standards , though reasonably good back in 2001 , is nowadays laughable .
The world has moved forward .
Internet Explorer 6 has not .
It 's for this reason that websites are , slowly but surely , starting to cut support for the decrepit browser .
Google no longer supports Internet Explorer 6 on YouTube and Google Docs , and is due to phase out support in Gmail and Google Calendar by the year end .
Nor is this the first time Microsoft has told users that they would be better off upgrading ; in the wake of the Google hacks late last year , the company recommended upgrading .
Earlier in the year , Redmond staged a mock funeral for Internet Explorer 6 .
But people continue to use the ancient browser , with corporations apparently the biggest culprit .
Fundamentally , the major corporate reason is inertia .
Some companies are afflicted with Web applications that genuinely require Internet Explorer 6 and fail to work in anything newer or better .
But for many the issue is likely to simply be that they do n't want to upgrade because upgrading means testing that their applications work , fixing any problems that might arise , and then rolling out upgrades .
Local inertia , global consequences
That inertia would be fine , except for the fact that their decision to stick with Internet Explorer 6 has consequences that spread beyond the boundaries of their organization .
The Web development community is left with the unenviable task of supporting a browser with support for Web standards that lags far behind Firefox , Chrome , Safari , or even Internet Explorer 8 .
This in turn makes
Web development more complex , time - consuming , and limited .
Features that are supported in all the new browsers can't readily be used because of the sizable minority using Internet Explorer 6 .
The Internet community as a whole also suffers , because the old browser is more susceptible to exploitation , both through automated attacks that install botnet software to send spam and spread viruses , and to social engineering attacks that seek to deprive people of their hard - earned cash .
Modern browsers include phishing protection , and two browsers in particular ( Internet Explorer 8 and Chrome ) contain features that greatly reduce the impact of security flaws .
So Microsoft certainly has a good reason to encourage users to upgrade their browsers .
But the campaign does n't really ring true , because one of the biggest impediments to wholesale abandonment of Internet Explorer 6 is Microsoft itself .
The company continues to support Internet Explorer 6 .
It will do so until April 2014 , meaning the browser will still see another four years of security updates .
And if the browser works , which it sorta kinda does ( especially for all the custom and business applications that corporations use ) , and if it 's supported , which it most certainly is , it 's no wonder that conservative businesses refuse to budge .
Getting security fixes every Patch Tuesday and not having to upgrade are far more important to this demographic than some pie - in - the - sky Web standards .
Ending Redmond 's lifeline
If Redmond were serious about getting users to upgrade , it would kill support for Internet Explorer 6 now .
Not in four years , but in the next few months .
Every other browser developer recognizes the need for regular updates to its browser , and with regular updates comes regular obsolescence .
Take Firefox , for example .
Firefox 3 was released on June 17 , 2008 .
Its support ended on March 30 , 2010 .
Firefox is a major browser , Internet Explorer 's largest competitor , and its support lifecycle is just two years .
Needless to say , Firefox users have n't stuck with version 3.0 .
When Firefox 3.5 was released , Firefox 3.0 had a market share of around 27 percent .
Six months later , it had dropped to less than seven percent , with 75 percent of Firefox users switching to version 3.5 or 3.6 .
The switch to Firefox 3.6 seems to be even swifter ; after four months , two thirds of Firefox users have already switched .
Only one in ten Firefox users are using the three - year - old 3.0 .
Thanks to Chrome 's automatic , transparent updating , its users migrate even faster .
It took just two months for 90 percent of Chrome users to switch from 2.0 to 3.0 , and just one month for 90 percent of users to switch from 3.0 to Chrome 4.0 .
The combination of effective automatic updating , in conjunction with downplaying the software 's version number — each transition is essentially seamless from an end - user perspective — means that Chrome cuts over to new versions quickly and effectively .
Compare and contrast with Internet Explorer .
No one version commands a majority of the install base .
Internet Explorer 8 took ten months to attain a 20 percent overall market share ( compared to Firefox 3.5 taking six months to achieve the same , and Firefox 3.6 taking just four months ) .
It took eight months for Internet Explorer 8 to become more widespread than Internet Explorer 6 .
In contrast , Firefox 3.6 and Chrome 4.0 beat 3.0 and 2.0 ( respectively ) within their first month .
( All usage figures have been taken from here . )
Just over 25 percent of surfers are using Microsoft 's new browser Data source : NetApplications
Transitions between Internet Explorer versions are glacial , and no users of other browsers hang on to obsolescent versions for so long .
Microsoft is a key contributor to this problem , because it refuses to take positive steps to make users switch .
Internet Explorer wo n't automatically update in the way that Chrome will , nor even clearly inform users that it 's out of date in the way that Firefox does ( Firefox may even include background updating in version 4 , which could give it Chrome - level transitions ) .
And all those conservative corporate customers wo n't bother to update their browsers when the current version still receives patches and support .
A Web browser is not Office
If Microsoft were serious about getting users to upgrade , it would take the obvious step of killing support for Internet Explorer 6 .
Make Internet Explorer 8 mandatory for future security updates and support .
And , in March 2012 , it would do the same to Internet Explorer 8 ; kill it , and make Internet Explorer 9 compulsory .
But the software giant says that it 's not its place to force users to upgrade .
It is 100 percent committed to the concept of stable , long - lived , versioned Web browser platforms .
This strategy makes no sense in the fast - changing world of the Web .
The way we use the Internet today is very different from how it was in 2001 .
2001 had no Facebook or Twitter or Web 2.0 .
Nobody was talking about HTML5 video , or complex Web applications that offered both rich functionality and standards compliance .
But they are today .
New Web technologies empower both users and developers alike but only when developers can actually use them .
Internet Explorer 6's continued existence is a substantial impediment .
Microsoft is trying to treat its
Web browser as if it were like Office .
But it 's not like Office .
Office has transition costs that discourage regular updates , because Office is used to produce documents that may be incompatible with older versions .
A new Office version every year would mean a new , not - entirely - compatible file format every year ; nobody wants that .
But Web browsers are n't used to produce content ; they 're used to view it .
New Web browsers do the job better than old ones .
They accept a broader set of standards , they implement a wider set of features .
They 're generally more stable , more secure , and faster , too .
Far from causing a proliferation of subtly incompatible document formats , rapid browser progress allows simplification of development .
It allows developers to target Web standards , rather than distinct browser versions .
A given feature might not be supported by every browser right now , but in a world of regular browser releases , it will be supported everywhere pretty soon .
A skin -deep commitment to standards
Microsoft itself has been heavily advocating this " target standards , and use the same code in every browser " mantra in its promotion of Internet Explorer 9 .
The " same markup " is one of Internet Explorer 9's key features : developers should not have to target Redmond 's software specifically .
Just target the relevant standards instead , and you 'll get something that works in Internet Explorer and Firefox and Chrome .
The company continues to undermine this stance , however , with its support policies .
For the " same markup " to be viable , people need to be using browsers that all offer more or less the same features .
If they do n't , developers have no choice but to aim not only at specific browsers , but at specific versions of those browsers .
And while Microsoft may be shouting out " use the same markup , " its actions nonetheless say " target specific versions . "
The best way to prevent version - targeting is to release regularly and ensure rapid transitions .
It 's technically possible to version - target Chrome .
But it would be insane ; within a month of a new version coming out virtually every Chrome user will be using a different version than you targeted .
That policy does far more to ensure the " same markup " than any number of posts on the Internet Explorer blog will .
I 'm sure this must be frustrating to plenty of those within Microsoft , too .
Internet Explorer 9 is shaping up to be an excellent Web browser .
But that 's not going to count for much if , a year after its release , a majority of Internet Explorer users are still using versions 6 , 7 , and 8 .
The company 's policy is doing its own developers a huge disservice , and I imagine it's their awareness of this that led to the funeral stunt in the first place .
They know that Internet Explorer 6 should be dead and buried , even if the decision - makers do n't .
Mixed messages
Perhaps most frustrating of all is Redmond 's claims that it has to let users choose to upgrade , and that they can't be forced .
Clearly , other browser developers can , and do , force upgrades .
But more to the point , so does Microsoft itself .
Service Pack 2 for Windows XP was a major update to the platform , and it made a number of small , but compatibility - breaking changes to the Windows platform .
Did Microsoft tell its users " It 's OK , you can ignore Service Pack 2 and we 'll continue to support you , all for the sake of a stable , consistent platform ? "
No .
It made Service Pack 2 mandatory .
Not overnight , but not nine years later , either .
In July , Service Pack 3 will become mandatory .
Corporate customers wanting patches and continued support for Windows XP will have no choice but to install Service Pack 3 .
Even if it results in incompatibilities and requires them to fix stuff , they have no other option .
Instead of making joke sites about spoiled milk and having mock funerals , Microsoft should bite the bullet and acknowledge that a Web browser is not the same kind of software as a productivity suite , and stop treating it accordingly .
The current situation — on the one hand supporting the product and justifying its continued usage , but on the other hand publicly denigrating it — should n't be allowed to continue .
Yes , there will be some backlash from the corporate customers .
But in all honesty , what choice do they have ?
Even if Microsoft cut browser support to , say , four years ( which would give Internet Explorer 7 another five months to live ) , it would be providing more support to corporate customers than any alternative browser could provide .
There 's not going to be some wholesale abandonment of Explorer in favor of a mythical long - life browser , because even a scaled back Internet Explorer life span is the best thing going in this regard .
Frankly , killing Internet Explorer 6 is something Microsoft should have done long ago , and the company 's failure to do so has undoubtedly set back the development and growth of the Web .
But there 's no use crying over spilled milk , even if it is nine years old .
It may be too late to really solve the Internet Explorer 6 mess , but there 's no reason that the future has to play out the same way .
" It has been suggested to me that I am bit of a snob .
How true !
I prefer to be .
" Raymond Chandler ( Pictured above ) Snobbery is good .
It is a gift .
A noble quality that should be striven for .
And ought to be embraced and displayed with pride .
The snobs are the knowledgeable .
The informed .
The passionate .
Have you ever met a dumb person who has sharp insight about politics , literature or music ?
I doubt it .
It 's the intelligent and clever that can regurgitate facts and figures and tell you why something is the bee 's knees and the opposite sucks .
It is your responsibility as a member of a free society to cherry - pick what information you intake and decide what you believe is good and worthy of your time .
Be unapologetic about what you believe or what you love .
Who is your favorite Beatle ( I will argue George ) , who is a proper novelist or what restaurant serves the best lasagna .
Even if someone has a strong opinion about a topic that I think is absolute rubbish , if their argument is made smartly and with passion , I respect you .
When someone is asked what kind of music they like and they answer " Oh , I like everything , " they might as well say they like nothing .
They have no idea what they like .
And I 'll wager their schizophrenic iPod reflects that .
Hip hop , American Idol - like pop , country , excruciating " guy- liner " rock , polka , they do n't have a clue in hell what they enjoy .
In addition , the junk they listen to now , wo n't be on their stereo in six months . : Katie Couric asks half - governor Sarah Palin what newspapers and magazines she reads .
" Uh , all of them . "
Really ?
I think you mean none of them .
Months later , Glenn " Six Degrees To Nazism " Beck asks Mrs. Palin who is her favorite Founding Father .
She blanks for a moment and then says " All of them . "
Again , she had no idea .
Beck even had to bail her out and suggest George Washington .
Then Palin all of a sudden agrees .
Yes , Washington .
That 's my favorite .
Apathy is dangerous .
It lulls you softly into stupidity and inspires a tendency to watch dating shows on VH1 .
The snob visits museums and art galleries , reads books and magazines that have more words than pictures , watches the news , sees great films , absorbs documentaries and then has an opinion on everything he or she has learned .
That 's the key : learned .
Once again , the snob is n't dumb .
We live in a topsy - turvy society where " elitist " is a quasi- putdown .
Elitist , to me , is not an insult .
Not within driving distance of an insult .
I embrace the moniker .
It 's a badge of honor .
The crowd that uses " elite " as an insult are usually from the same bunch that are trying to being a professional politician then brag that they are not a " Washington insider . "
What the hell kind of logic is that ?
It 's as if you are interviewing to be an accountant and brag " You know , I really want this job , but I 'm a bit of a math outsider . "
Or , " I am applying for the position of casino handicapper , but I 'm a proud gambling outsider . "
I do n't think those jokers are getting the gig .
A politician 's blunder or stupid sound bite often is n't their own fault .
The blame is deflected to the " media elite " who have the gall to report on the gaffe .
" How dare the east coast media elite report on me sexually harassing male staffers .
It 's just bias and a group with an agenda . "
I do n't think so , Bubba .
I have embraced my snobby views .
Somehow the rednecks have embraced that label .
They 're proud of it .
And they are ridiculous .
So me taking pride in being a snob seems pretty mild in comparison .
Being a snob also protects you like an ancient suit of armor from the never - ending stream of garbage and stupidity that is put out for public consumption .
" Do you watch Two - and - a - Half Men ? " Absolutely not .
That show is awful .
The jokes are for 8th graders .
" Do you like country music ? " No .
I feel the same way about country music as I feel about syphilis .
As our great nation 's apathy and laziness spirals us into stupidity , it 's time to stop the trend .
Broaden your horizons .
Educate yourself .
Avoid the swill that permeates our society .
Selectively choose what you will read , watch or listen to .
Become a proud member of the Snobs of America .
You 'll be happier for it .
Selah ... JW
On 25 April 2010 , the State Attorney 's Office informed the High Court of Justice that it intended to consider approving the looting of land and unlawful construction involved in the establishment of the Derekh Ha'avot outpost , adjacent to the Elazar settlement in the Etzion Bloc .
This statement follows nine years in which the state declared that construction in the outpost was carried out illegally .
The statement also indicates that the state is ignoring its obligations under the Road Map , which was authorized by the government , to freeze construction in settlements and prohibit expropriation of Palestinian land and expansion of the settlements ' built - up areas .
The State Attorney 's Office 's announcement was made in its response to a petition filed by Peace Now and residents of the adjacent Palestinian village of al - Khader , who claim that the outpost was built on village land .
Residential dwellings in the Derekh Ha'avot outpost , Bethlehem District .
Photo : B'Tselem , 4 May 2010 ./>
The Derekh Ha'avot outpost was built in February 2001 , 500 meters from the jurisdictional area of the Elazar settlement .
According to the report on outposts prepared by Attorney Talia Sasson and the database compiled by Brig .
Gen. Baruch Spiegel , who was an assistant to the defense minister at the time , the outpost was built on privately - owned Palestinian land and on “ survey land ” ( land whose ownership has not yet been determined ) .
According to residents of al - Khader , the outpost was built on farmland that has been continuously cultivated by village residents for many years .
Since the outpost was built , the Israeli law - enforcement authorities have not taken any steps to evacuate it .
In the State Attorney 's Office 's response to a petition Peace Now filed in 2008 , the state agreed that the outpost was not authorized and that action was being taken against all the buildings in the outpost , including by means of stop - work orders and demolition orders , and that “ no planning whatsoever ” had been approved for the outpost .
In light of the state 's position , the justices ordered , in July 2009 , the state to provide a “ clear timetable for carrying out the orders . ”
Playground in the outpost .
Photo : B'Tselem , 4 May 2010 ./>
A timetable was never provided .
In April 2010 , the State Attorney 's Office submitted a statement to the High Court .
Quoting the Cabinet 's decision to freeze construction in the settlements temporarily , the State Attorney 's Office contended that this task “ requires the postponement of other enforcement actions , ” adding that execution of the demolition orders relating to this outpost is in any case “ not a high priority .
” The State Attorney 's Office further stated that it had been decided to proceed with land - survey procedures to determine the types of ownership of the land on which the outpost was constructed .
If it is found that the buildings were constructed on state land , arrangement of the construction will be considered .
If it is found , as the residents of al - Khader claim , that the structures were built on privately - owned Palestinian land , the state will execute “ the demolition orders in accordance with the order of priorities . ”
The State Attorney 's Office emphasized that due to the “ political - security ramifications ” of this procedure and the subsequent decision , the state does not deem it “ justifiable ” to set a timetable for carrying out the procedure .
The State Attorney 's Office 's position on the Derekh Ha'avot outpost sanctions the looting of land and the continuing , cumulative criminal construction in this outpost and in all the other settlements .
Given the illegality of the settlements to begin with , B'Tselem demands that the government of Israel evacuate this outpost as well as all the other settlements .
Advertisements
Another day brings another addition to ever growing portfolio of lies that Sean Hannity is delivering to his Fox News viewers about Barack Obama .
On his show tonight , Hannity lied about Obama slashing anti-terrorism funding to New York City .
This is a complete falsehood .
New York City is actually gaining $ 47 million more in anti-terrorism funding over last year .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Hannity said , “ Alright , less than two weeks removed from the attempted car bombing at Times Square , and guess what ?
President Obama has decided to slash anti-terror funding for New York City .
Now the cuts totaling $ 53 million dollars will hit both transit and port security .
Even Democratic Senator Chucky Schumer is slamming the decision saying , “ They just do n’t get it . ”
Now , ironically the President is in New York tonight for what else , a Democratic fundraiser .
He ’s raising money . ”
The problem is that Hannity only gave his viewers half the picture .
While it is true that the city ’s DHS grant will decrease by $ 43 million , what Hannity neglected to mention was that the city ’s security programs got an extra hundred million in stimulus money .
As
Newsday reported , “ But DHS countered Thursday that the New York City area will actually see an increase of $ 47 million in combined transit and port security funding .
The stimulus bill passed last year included an additional $ 300 million for the two programs , and New York City area agencies will be getting about $ 100 million of that amount . ”
By the way , Schumer is pissed because he thinks New York City should get their regular DHS grant and the extra $ 100 million .
Mind you , there have been lingering questions for years about how efficiently the city is spending their Homeland Security money , but in this case Schumer was being the typical senator who wants to bring home as much pork as possible for his state .
This is typical of Sean Hannity ’s reporting about Obama .
He fails to mention that it was n’t Obama who cut the grant , but Congress , who decided not to fund it .
Remember the separation of powers , Sean ?
Congress controls the purse strings .
Does that ring a bell ?
Of course , that does n’t fit into the anti-Obama narrative of Fox News , so Hannity only gives his viewers half the story , and then these poor misguided fools go out into the world thinking not only that they are informed , but that they are , “ fair and balanced . ”
ACS attacks the report
The great chemical denial
The radiation threat from medical imaging
The environmental dangers of pharmaceuticals
What the report really says
Sources
( Natural News )
When a government panel of experts finds the courage to tell the truth about cancer , it 's an event so rare that it becomes newsworthy .
Late last week , a report from the President 's Cancer Panel ( PCP ) broke ranks with the sick - care cancer establishment and dared to say something that natural health advocates have been warning about for decades :
That Americans are " bombarded " with cancer - causing chemicals and radiation , and if we hope to reduce cancer rates , we must eliminate cancer - causing chemicals in foods , medicines , personal care products and our work and home environments .
In a directive to President Obama , the report states , " The panel urges you most strongly to use the power of your office to remove the carcinogens and other toxins from our food , water , and air that needlessly increase healthcare costs , cripple our nation 's productivity , and devastate American lives .
" When I first read that , I just about fell out of my chair .
Government - appointed experts are really saying that there are cancer - causing chemicals in our food and water ?
That simple fact has been vehemently denied by the cancer industry , processed food giants , personal care product companies and of course the fluoride lobby -- all of which insist their chemicals are perfectly safe .
The American Cancer Society , not surprisingly , was quick to bash the report .
The ACS is one of the sick - care cancer industry front groups that reinforces consumer ignorance about both the causes and the solutions for cancer .
The ACS has , for decades , engaged in what can only be called a " cancer chemical cover - up " with its denials that environmental chemicals cause cancer .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/010244_American_C... ) and ( http://www.preventcancer.com/losing/acs.htm
Even as cancer experts like Dr Sam Epstein have been warning about carcinogens in cosmetics , personal care products and foods ( http://www.preventcancer.com/consumers ) , the ACS has ridiculously pretended such threats do n't exist .
And just to top it off , the ACS has been warning people to stay away from sunlight and become more vitamin D deficient , thereby increasing cancer rates even further .
So it 's no surprise that the ACS does n't like this PCP report that dares to state the obvious :
There are cancer - causing chemicals in our food and water !
" The American people -- even before they are born -- are bombarded continually with myriad combinations of these dangerous exposures , " the report writes .
Joining the ACS in criticizing the report is the , the trade group representing the very same chemical companies that are poisoning our world right now .
Remarkably , the ACS and ACC are on the same side here , denying any link between chemicals and cancer .
They insist that all those chemicals in your processed foods , cosmetics , antibacterial soaps , shampoos , fragrance products , home cleaning solvents , pesticides , herbicides and other similar productsEat up , suckers !
Do n't worry about the chemicals , they say .
Cancer is just a matter of bad luck .
There 's nothing you can do about it .
So stop trying .
That 's their message , you see , and it's a message that plays right into the hands of the cancer industry : and when you get sick , they 'll make a fortune off your disease and suffering .
The PCP report also takes a strong stand on the cancer risks caused by medical imaging radiation .
It actually says , " People who receive multiple scans or other tests that require radiation may accumulate doses equal to orI remember receiving hate mail from cancer industry shills when I once made the same statement in an article about mammograms and CT scans .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/026113_medical_im... )
And yet that statement was factually quite correct :
If you undergo several medical imaging tests in a hospital today , you can very easily receive just as much radiation as a person standing a few miles away from the nuclear bomb dropped on Hiroshoma during World War II .
This is not an exaggeration .
It is a simple fact of physics and the law of inverse squares .
( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverse-square_...
Here at NaturalNews , I 've been talking about the environmental pollution of pharmaceuticals for years .
The fact that pharmaceutical chemicals are flushed down the drain and end up in the water supply is the " dirty little secret " of the drug industry .
The problem has gone virtually unrecognized by the entire mainstream medical system ... they just pretend it does n't exist .
Yet this PCP report takes aim at it by saying : " Pharmaceuticals have become a considerable source of environmental contamination .
Drugs of all types enter the water supply when they are excreted or improperly disposed of ; the health impact of long - term exposure to varying mixtures of these compounds is unknown .
" It 's about time somebody in Washington stood up and challenged the pharmaceutical industry on the environmental effects of its toxic chemicals .
HRT drugs , antidepressants , painkillers and many other types of drugs are right now polluting our oceans and waterways .
You can hardly catch a fish near any major U.S. city now that is n' t But do n't expect anyone to give credence to this warning .
This entire PCP report is being largely ignored in Washington ( and attacked by Big Business ) .
The President 's Cancer Panel is headed by : LaSalle D. Leffall , Jr. , M.D. , F.A.C.S. , ChairCharles R. Drew Professor of SurgeryHoward University College of MedicineWashington , DC 20059 Margaret L. Kripke , Ph.D.Vivian L. Smith Chair and Professor EmeritaThe University of TexasM.D. Anderson Cancer CenterHouston , TX 77030
These two people deserve your support for having the courage to publish a report that challenges the status quo of the corrupt cancer industry .
So if you wish , send them a thank - you email for their work .
The report is entitled , " REDUCING ENVIRONMENTAL CANCER RISK - What We Can Do Now " Here are some of the highlights from the report : Read the report yourself right here :
Autodependencies with GNU make Scott McPeak , November 2001
The Problem
.
c
.h
.o
make
However , while make tends to do a good job of understanding the dependency of .o files upon .c files , it has no built - in facility for determining , nor convenient way of expressing , the dependencies on .h files .
What 's more , any solution must deal well with source files which are automatically generated .
This article outlines my solution to this problem , which is actually quite simple .
I originally wrote this up because I thought it was original , but it turns out Paul Smith had already documented this solution .
The Situation
OBJS := foo.o bar .o # link proggie : $ ( OBJS ) gcc $ ( OBJS ) -o proggie # compile %.o : %.c gcc -c $ ( CFLAGS ) $ *.c -o $*.o # remove compilation products clean : rm -f proggie *.o
foo.c
bar.c
proggie
.o
.
c
However , suppose that both foo.c and bar .c include foo.h .
That means the respective .o files both depend on the contents of foo.h , but that fact is n't expressed in the Makefile .
As a result , if the programmer changes foo.h , the program will likely be inconsistent when rebuilt .
One could of course add more lines like
foo.o : foo.h bar.o : bar.h
The Solution
.o
.
d
.o
.
d
.
d
make
-MM
gcc
green
OBJS := foo.o bar .o # link proggie : $ ( OBJS ) gcc $ ( OBJS ) -o proggie # pull in dependency info for * existing * .o files - include $ ( OBJS:.o=.d ) # compile and generate dependency info %.o : %.c gcc -c $ ( CFLAGS ) $ *.c -o $ *. o gcc - MM $ ( CFLAGS ) $*.c > $*.d # remove compilation products clean : rm -f proggie *.o *.d
.
d
bar .d
bar.o : bar.c foo.h
make
bar .o
Note that .d files exist if and only if the corresponding .o file exists .
This makes sense , since if the .o file does n't exist yet , we do n't need a .d file to tell us it has to be rebuilt .
More subtly , we never try to build a .d file until we have the necessary ingredients to build the corresponding .o file .
This is important when a project has some source files built automatically ( e.g. Bison output ) , since any attempt to build the .d files prematurely would fail .
The - include $ ( OBJS :.o=.d ) syntax may need some explanation .
First , $ ( OBJS :.o=.d ) takes the value of $ ( OBJS ) , and replaces all occurrences of .o at the end of a name with .d .
Next , the leading hyphen ( " - " ) means that if some .d files do n't exist , make should continue without complaining ( again , if the .d file does n't exist , then neither will the .o file , so the .o file will be properly rebuilt ) .
An Improvement
foo.h
foo2.h
foo.c
bar.c
make
bar .o
foo.h
make clean
What is needed is a way to say that a particular prerequisite file , if missing , should be treated as changed ( so the target will be rebuilt ) , but not cause an error .
GNU make has an obscure feature that does just this : if a file ( 1 ) appears as a target in a rule with no prerequisites and no commands , and ( 2 ) that file does not exist and cannot be remade , then make will rebuild anything which depends on that file and not report an error .
( See Chapter 4 of the make manual , " Rules without Commands or Prerequisites " . )
To exploit this feature , dependency generation must rewrite the .d file to list one command - less , prerequisite - less rule for every file named as a dependency .
There are several ways to do this ; I choose to use a combination of sed and fmt .
I 've also chosen to prepend the at - sign ( " @ " ) to the new commands , so they wo n't get echoed when make is running ( changes in green ) :
OBJS := foo.o bar .o # link proggie : $ ( OBJS ) gcc $ ( OBJS ) -o proggie # pull in dependency info for * existing * .o files - include $ ( OBJS:.o=.d ) # compile and generate dependency info ; # more complicated dependency computation , so all prereqs listed # will also become command - less , prereq - less targets # sed : strip the target ( everything before colon ) # sed : remove any continuation backslashes # fmt - 1 : list words one per line # sed : strip leading spaces # sed : add trailing colons %.o : %.c gcc -c $ ( CFLAGS ) $ *.c -o $ *. o gcc - MM $ ( CFLAGS ) $*.c > $ *.d @cp -f $ *.d $ *.d.tmp @sed -e 's /.*://' -e 's /\\$$//' < $*.d.tmp | fmt - 1 | \ sed -e 's /^ *//' -e 's /$$/:/' >>
$*.d @rm -f $*.d.tmp # remove compilation products clean : rm -f proggie *.o *.d
bar.o : bar.c foo.h bar.c : foo.h :
One More Tweak
make
gcc -MM
bar .o
dir / bar.o
For example , the system above might create
bar.o : dir /bar.c dir/foo.h dir /bar.c : dir /foo.h :
Makefile
bar .o
To work around this ( arguably a bug in gcc ) , one more sed command is needed in the block that builds the dependencies ( changes in green again ) :
%.o : %.c gcc -c $ ( CFLAGS ) $ *.c -o $ *. o gcc - MM $ ( CFLAGS ) $*.c > $ *.d @mv -f $ *.d $ *.d.tmp @sed -e 's | .*:|$*.o : |' < $ *.d.tmp > $ *.d @sed -e 's /.*://' -e 's /\\$$//' < $*.d.tmp | fmt - 1 | \ sed -e 's /^ *//' -e 's /$$/:/' >>
$*.d @rm -f $*.d.tmp
dir / bar.o : dir/bar.c dir/foo.h dir /bar.c : dir /foo.h :
Related Work
.
d
The GNU make manual adopts Miller 's solution .
My hope is the technique described here might also make its way into the manual .
The inspiration for the close coupling between .o and .d file lifetimes is the Borland C++ compiler , which actually puts the dependency information into the .o file itself ( and then optionally caches that info in the GUI ) .
At one point , a company called CodeSourcery had a competition of sorts called Software Carpentry , for alternatives to traditional compile tools ( make among others ) .
They have a good list of people 's improvements to make on their build tools page ( this link is now broken and I do n't know of a replacement ) .
You could also try saying " make replacement " to google .
After I originally wrote this , I learned that Paul Smith ( the current maintainer of GNU make ) already wrote up this technique .
My first solution had overlooked the command - less , prerequisite - less rule feature , and instead relied on a patch to make 's sources .
Links
In order for a financial system to be able to function properly , it is absolutely essential that the general population has faith in it .
After all , who is going to want to invest in the stock market or entrust their money to big financial institutions if there is not at least the perception of honesty and fairness in the financial marketplace ?
For decades , the American people did have faith in Wall Street .
But now that faith is being shattered by a string of recent revelations .
It seems as though the rampant corruption on Wall Street is seeping up almost everywhere now .
In fact , some of the things that have come out recently have been absolutely jaw - dropping .
The truth is that the corruption on Wall Street is much deeper and much more systemic than most of us ever dared to imagine .
As the general public digests these recent scandals , it is going to result in a tremendous loss of faith in the U.S. financial system .
Once faith in a financial system is lost , it can take years or even decades to get back .
So how is the U.S. financial system supposed to work properly when large numbers of people simply do not believe in it anymore ?
Just consider some of the recent revelations of Wall Street corruption that have come out recently ….
* Bloomberg is reporting that a massive network of big banks and financial institutions have been involved in blatant bid-rigging fraud that cost taxpayers across the U.S. billions of dollars .
The U.S. Justice Department is charging that financial advisers to municipalities colluded with Bank of America , Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase , Lehman Brothers , Wachovia and 11 other banks in a conspiracy to rig bids on municipal financial instruments .
Apparently what was going on was that it was decided in advance who would win the auctions of guaranteed investment contracts , which public entities purchase with the proceeds from municipal bond sales , and then other intentionally losing bids were submitted in order to make the process look competitive .
The U.S. Justice Department claims that this fraud has been industry - wide and has been going on for years .
In fact , at least four financial professionals have already pleaded guilty in this case .
* An industry insider has come forward with “ smoking gun ” evidence that some of the biggest banks have been openly and blatantly manipulating the price of gold and silver .
For a time it looked like the federal government was just going to ignore all of this fraud , but after substantial public uproar some action is indeed being taken .
In fact , it has been reported that federal agents have launched parallel criminal and civil probes of JPMorgan Chase and its trading activity in the precious metals markets .
* New York attorney general Andrew Cuomo is investigating whether eight major Wall Street banks purposely misled the big credit ratings agencies so that they would give their mortgage - backed securities AAA ratings that they did not deserve .
* There has been a ton of legal action surrounding mortgage - backed securities lately .
For example , the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission are now investigating Morgan Stanley as part of a probe into whether Wall Street firms deliberately misled investors regarding the sale of mortgage - related securities .
* Goldman Sachs is getting most of the press about fraud in the mortgage - backed securities market these days .
Of course Goldman is strenuously denying that it “ bet against its clients ” when it changed its position in the housing market in 2007 .
But we all know the truth at this point .
The truth is that Goldman Sachs clearly bet against its clients and was involved in a whole lot of things that were even worse than that .
Many did not think the U.S. government would dare go after Goldman , but that is what we are starting to see .
U.S. federal prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into whether Goldman Sachs or its employees committed securities fraud in connection with its trading of mortgage - backed securities , and it will be very interesting to see if anything comes of that investigation .
* But not everyone is being held accountable for their actions .
The guy who helped bring down AIG is going to get off scott - free and is going to be able to keep the millions in profits that he made in the process .
* Entire U.S. cities have been victims of this rampant Wall Street fraud .
In fact , it is now being alleged that the biggest banks on Wall Street are ripping off some of the largest American cities with the same kind of predatory deals that brought down the financial system in Greece .
* The really sad thing is that fraud is very , very lucrative .
Executives at many of the big banks that received large amounts of money during the Wall Street bailouts are being lavished with record bonuses as millions of other average Americans continue to suffer economically .
Even the CEOs of bailed - out regional banks are getting big raises .
It must be really nice to be them .
So does all of this make you more likely or less likely to invest in the stock market ?
Do you think that the American people can see all of this and still believe that the financial system is “ fair ” and “ honest ” ?
The truth is that Wall Street is full of rip - off artists and fraudsters who do n’t even try to hide their greed anymore .
It is as if a thousand junior Gordon Gekkos have been unleashed and they are all trying to be masters of the universe at any cost .
But what they are doing is ripping the heart out of the U.S. financial system .
If people lose faith in the system the system will ultimately fail .
A financial system that allows open fraud and manipulation is operating on borrowed time .
So will the rampant corruption on Wall Street now be cleaned up ?
Only time will tell .
But one thing is for certain .
The American people will be watching .
Disturbing evidence that honeybees are in terminal decline has emerged from the United States where , for the fourth year in a row , more than a third of colonies have failed to survive the winter .
The decline of the country 's estimated 2.4 million beehives began in 2006 , when a phenomenon dubbed colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) led to the disappearance of hundreds of thousands of colonies .
Since then more than three million colonies in the US and billions of honeybees worldwide have died and scientists are no nearer to knowing what is causing the catastrophic fall in numbers .
The number of managed honeybee colonies in the US fell by 33.8 % last winter , according to the annual survey by the Apiary Inspectors of America and the US government 's Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) .
The collapse in the global honeybee population is a major threat to crops .
It is estimated that a third of everything we eat depends upon honeybee pollination , which means that bees contribute some £ 26bn to the global economy .
Potential causes range from parasites , such as the bloodsucking varroa mite , to viral and bacterial infections , pesticides and poor nutrition stemming from intensive farming methods .
The disappearance of so many colonies has also been dubbed " Mary Celeste syndrome " due to the absence of dead bees in many of the empty hives .
US scientists have found 121 different pesticides in samples of bees , wax and pollen , lending credence to the notion that pesticides are a key problem .
" We believe that some subtle interactions between nutrition , pesticide exposure and other stressors are converging to kill colonies , " said Jeffery Pettis , of the ARS 's bee research laboratory .
A global review of honeybee deaths by the World Organisation for Animal Health ( OIE ) reported last week that there was no one single cause , but pointed the finger at the " irresponsible use " of pesticides that may damage bee health and make them more susceptible to diseases .
Bernard Vallat , the OIE 's director - general , warned : " Bees contribute to global food security , and their extinction would represent a terrible biological disaster . "
Dave Hackenberg of Hackenberg Apiaries , the Pennsylvania - based commercial beekeeper who first raised the alarm about CCD , said that last year had been the worst yet for bee losses , with 62 % of his 2,600 hives dying between May 2009 and April 2010 .
" It 's getting worse , " he said .
" The AIA survey does n't give you the full picture because it is only measuring losses through the winter .
In the summer the bees are exposed to lots of pesticides .
Farmers mix them together and no one has any idea what the effects might be . "
Pettis agreed that losses in some commercial operations are running at 50 % or greater .
" Continued losses of this magnitude are not economically sustainable for commercial beekeepers , " he said , adding that a solution may be years away .
" Look at Aids , they have billions in research dollars and a causative agent and still no cure .
Research takes time and beehives are complex organisms . "
In the UK it is still too early to judge how Britain 's estimated 250,000 honeybee colonies have fared during the long winter .
Tim Lovett , president of the British Beekeepers ' Association , said : " Anecdotally , it is hugely variable .
There are reports of some beekeepers losing almost a third of their hives and others losing none . "
Results from a survey of the association 's 15,000 members are expected this month .
John Chapple , chairman of the London Beekeepers ' Association , put losses among his 150 members at between a fifth and a quarter .
Eight of his 36 hives across the capital did not survive .
" There are still a lot of mysterious disappearances , " he said .
" We are no nearer to knowing what is causing them . "
Bee farmers in Scotland have reported losses on the American scale for the past three years .
Andrew Scarlett , a Perthshire - based bee farmer and honey packer , lost 80 % of his 1,200 hives this winter .
But he attributed the massive decline to a virulent bacterial infection that quickly spread because of a lack of bee inspectors , coupled with sustained poor weather that prevented honeybees from building up sufficient pollen and nectar stores .
The government 's National Bee Unit has always denied the existence of CCD in Britain , despite honeybee losses of 20 % during the winter of 2008 - 09 and close to a third the previous year .
It attributes the demise to the varroa mite – which is found in almost every UK hive – and rainy summers that stop bees foraging for food .
In a hard - hitting report last year , the National Audit Office suggested that amateur beekeepers who failed to spot diseases in bees were a threat to honeybees ' survival and called for the National Bee Unit to carry out more inspections and train more beekeepers .
Last summer MPs on the influential cross-party public accounts committee called on the government to fund more research into what it called the " alarming " decline of honeybees .
The Department for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs has contributed £ 2.5 m towards a £ 10 m fund for research on pollinators .
The public accounts committee has called for a significant proportion of this funding to be " ring - fenced " for honeybees .
Decisions on which research projects to back are expected this month .
Image caption Archaeopteryx fossils capture a snapshot of evolution
A new study of a 150 - million - year - old fossil of an Archaeopteryx has shown that remnants of its feathers have been preserved .
Archaeopteryx is regarded as a " missing link " that documents a fabulous transition from dinosaur to bird .
The researchers say that it may soon be possible to work out the colours of feathers sported by these creatures .
The new work is published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
But the authors warn museum curators not to be overzealous in cleaning up fossils for display in case they destroy vital scientific data .
Archaeopteryx is the most iconic of fossils :
Many of the specimens beautifully capture this snapshot of evolution - showing the creature 's skeleton , feathers and teeth in great detail .
People have never used a technique this sensitive on Archaeopteryx before Dr Uwe Bergmann , SLAC
But now a new scanning technique has revealed that one fossil contains fragments of the original feathers - rather than just being an imprint of an animal whose remains had long ago disintegrated into the dust .
The bad news though is that museum curators have inadvertently chipped and scrubbed off a lot more fragments of the creature 's feathers and skin fragments as they prepared the fossil for public display to highlight the bones .
But researchers are hopeful they 'll be able to study other specimens and obtain more details of the chemistry of the creature 's feathers and possibly learn more about their colour .
Dr Roy Wogelius , from University of Manchester , who was among those who made the discovery , is keen to alert curators that the new scanning techniques reveal that many precious fossils contain more than just the remnants of bone .
" One of the things we are very concerned about is that some of the original information has been lost forever , " he said .
Image caption
One fossil contains fragments of the original feathers
" The preparation and curation of ( fossils ) needs to take account of the fact that there may be very , very small quantities of chemical remains which curators can tend to remove . "
The details were obtained by firing intense X - rays at the sample generated by a so - called synchrotron radiation source at the Stanford Linear Accelerator in California , US .
Dr Uwe Bergmann , who led the X - ray scanning experiment at SLAC , said : " People have never used a technique this sensitive on Archaeopteryx before .
" Because the beam is so bright , we were able to see the teeniest chemical traces that nobody thought were there . "
Another member of the team , Dr Phil Manning , from Manchester University , believes that the study shows there 's now a new way to study long - extinct creatures .
" I would n't be surprised if future excavations look more like CSI investigations where people look for clues at a scene of a crime , " he said .
In the bones
As well as identifying the feathers the research team also found that the creature 's bones have a chemical composition similar to those of birds living today .
" To me that 's quite exciting , " said Dr Wogelius .
" It establishes a nutrient link between Archaeopteryx and modern birds .
If you have a pet bird such as a budgie or a paraquet the key nutrients to get right for your pet 's health are copper and zinc . "
The researchers have learned all they can from this particular specimen .
But they hope that their work shows there 's more to be learned from fossils and that museum curators should now approach the process of preparing fossils for display with this in mind .
" We 've shown that this kind of approach can resolve chemical information that no one has ever seen , " according to Dr Wogelius .
" It 's an extremely important result for looking at other fossils and it means that there 's a lot more richness in chemical detail that in the past has been missed . "
New Jalisco Library , Gudalajara , Mexico ( competition )
Over 200 Boeing 727 and 737 fuselages are stacked in a north - south slant in relation to sun exposure for energy efficiency .
Two shifts in the direction of the main axis of the fuselages generate two large open spaces within the stack .
The building utilizes the space inside the fuselages to contain and organize functions that require enclosed spaces - such as book collections , meeting rooms and administration offices , - while the 2 large open spaces house a large atrium with all the reading areas on one side and two auditoriums on the other .
The library program is centered around the large glazed atrium , which develops vertically through the entire cross section of the building .
The lower part of the atrium , located on the second level and accessible directly from the new plaza thru escalators and elevators , functions as a lobby and information center .
At each upper level , the reading areas bridge between the two opposite interior facades generated by the cross sections of the fuselages that look onto the atrium .
A transparent LCD system is integrated in the atrium glazing and projects the library activities onto the new plaza expanding its presence on the outside with moving images and text .
The fuselage is the only part of a decommissioned airplane that cannot be effectively recycled .
The cost of its demolition exceeds the profit of aluminum resale .
A huge amount of fuselages lays in the deserts of the western states .
Boeing 727 and 737 are historically the most sold commercial planes and therefore the most common in these graveyards .
They are sold at very low prices completely stripped and in great structural conditions .
The fuselage becomes the basic module of this building .
It is insulated and furnished according to the program .
The internal subdivision generated by the existing floor joists is used to respond to functional needs : the upper section is used for inhabitation while the lower one houses independent and interconnected mechanical systems : HVAC , electrical , cabling , and a conveyor belts network for the mechanical distribution of the books .
Imágenes gentileza > LOT -EK hacer click en las imágenes para ampliarlas
