Paris Hilton is world famous , but what does she do ?
( image : Sipa Press / Rex Features )
The peak of the Spice Girls ’ popularity has long passed , but Victoria Beckham – aka Posh Spice – still has massive media exposure .
And Paris Hilton , who is famous for her lifestyle alone , makes world headlines daily .
A new psychology study helps explain why some stars burn bright , long , long after their talent has faded – if it ever was there to begin with .
Simply put , says Nathanael Fast of Stanford University in California , people need something to talk about .
The human desire to find common ground in conversation pushes us to discuss already popular people , he says .
Advertisement
Fast ’s team focused not on gossip column celebrities , but on professional baseball players in the US
“ We realised that there ’s a ton of stats and performance data available for baseball , so if we can show that famous or well - known baseball players become more prominent than unknown baseball players who perform just as well or better , we ’re able to make a convincing case , ” he says .
Many economists have argued that in the market of popular culture , quality marks the difference between popularity and obscurity .
For instance , a 1991 study by William Hamlen Jr of the University at Buffalo , New York , found that an objective measure of vocal harmony predicted album sales , with Barbara Streisand coming out on top in both measures .
Playing dumb
To determine if conversation could drive fame , independent of quality , Fast ’s team gave a list of eight baseball players with statistics on their previous season ’s performance to 33 male and 56 female volunteers .
Volunteers picked a name from the list and drafted a short email to another person in the group about the player .
In some cases , the volunteer was told that the person receiving the email was an avid fan .
More often than not , they found , volunteers conversed about popular but under - performing players like Ken Griffey Jr and Roger Clemens , rather than more obscure players who put up amazing numbers , such as Miguel Cabrera .
Volunteers who were baseball fans themselves tended to pick an obscure player if they thought they were emailing an expert .
Yet the same fans tended to converse about prominent players when they did n’t know anything about their correspondent .
“ The very experts who could kind of inform everyone else do n’t .
They actually keep feeding them the information they already know because that helps establish a connection , ” Fast says .
Amateur influence
To test their theory on a grander scale , Fast and his colleagues examined the relationships between fan chatter on internet message boards , media coverage , and an objective measure of a player ’s popularity – fan balloting for the annual “ All - Star ” game .
This mid-season contest pits the most popular players from baseball ’s two divisions against one another .
Players who garnered the most All - Star votes also received the most media coverage and message - board attention , Fast ’s team found .
A statistical analysis , however , suggested that internet conversations , particularly on message boards not devoted to baseball , drove media coverage and All - Star game votes .
The best players , of course , were the most likely to garner All - Star votes .
But all things considered , internet mentions by non-experts had as much of an effect on voting as performance , Fast ’s team found .
‘ Infectious ideas ’
If this whole argument seems circular , that ’s the point .
Prominent people stay popular for longer than they ought to because they serve as conversational fodder , which in turn drives more media coverage .
“ Take Paris Hilton , somehow or another she became well known and now people are more likely to talk about her , ” Fast says .
Mark Schaller , a psychologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada , agrees .
“ It does provide an answer to the question of why fame is self - perpetuating , even when the famous person is n’t doing anything fame - worthy anymore . ”
What is less clear is how people , ideas and practices become prominent in the first place , Schaller says .
In baseball , performance is likely to provide the initial inertia to stardom .
But other aspects of culture come into prominence because of a quality that Schaller calls communicability .
“ Catching an idea is not a whole lot different in some metaphorical way than catching a disease , ” he says .
Journal reference : Psychological Science ( DOI : 10.1111/j.1467-9280.2009.02387.x )
I know what you 're thinking and I already get the sense that you will feel like that me talking about the goodness of Twitter is old hat .
And it is , quite ...
11 years ago
Click for larger image ( 2552x2586 )
Abstract
Fluid sounds , such as splashing and pouring , are ubiquitous and familiar but we lack physically based algorithms to synthesize them in computer animation or interactive virtual environments .
We propose a practical method for automatic procedural synthesis of synchronized harmonic bubble - based sounds from 3D fluid animations .
To avoid audio - rate time - stepping of compressible fluids , we acoustically augment existing incompressible fluid solvers with particle - based models for bubble creation , vibration , advection , and radiation .
Sound radiation from harmonic fluid vibrations is modeled using a time - varying linear superposition of bubble oscillators .
We weight each oscillator by its bubble - to - ear acoustic transfer function , which is modeled as a discrete Green 's function of the Helmholtz equation .
To solve potentially millions of 3D Helmholtz problems , we propose a fast dual - domain multipole boundary - integral solver , with cost linear in the complexity of the fluid domain 's boundary .
Enhancements are proposed for robust evaluation , noise elimination , acceleration , and parallelization .
Examples of harmonic fluid sounds are provided for water drops , pouring , babbling , and splashing phenomena , often with thousands of acoustic bubbles , and hundreds of thousands of transfer function solves .
Just a few feet away from a bone flute , researchers discovered one of the oldest examples of figurative art - the sculpture of a woman carved from mammoth ivory , a find announced earlier this year .
Excavations have also unearthed an array of other art , including carvings of mammoths , cave lions , and mythic half - animal , half - human figures .
The discovery of the flutes does little to settle this debate , since many musical traditions - such as singing - would n’t have been preserved in the archeological record .
But it does demonstrate how established music was , especially since the flutes were mixed in with other remnants from daily life , which indicates to scientists that they were used in many contexts .
There are numerous theories about why music emerged .
Charles Darwin thought that music might give individuals a better chance of attracting mates and reproducing .
Others believe it is a way to demonstrate a group ’s strength and unity .
Some think that music may be a byproduct of the evolution of other cognitive abilities , such as language .
“ Emotionally , you can look at this thing and recognize yourself ; you can see this is a flute , you can imagine yourself playing it , you can imagine yourself making it .
It ’s essentially a connection between us and people who lived 35,000 years ago , ’’ said Edward Hagen , an anthropologist at Washington State University in Vancouver who was not involved in the research .
“ To see this early in the archeological record suggests it might be a fundamental aspect of human nature .
. . .
It does at least hint that music lies close to our foundation of common humanity . ’’
The discovery is the latest in a string of archeological finds - including a sculpted female nude - which reveal that even tens of thousands of years ago humans had a sophisticated cultural and artistic life .
“ There were certainly , you know , the Michelangelos back then , who were the highly talented people for carving masterpieces .
But the Michelangelos also had to hunt and butcher and chip stones and do all sorts of things , ’’ said Nicholas Conard , professor of early prehis tory at the University of Tübingen , who led the work described in the journal Nature yesterday .
Fragments of the instruments were found in a cave , amid bones from bears and mammoths and flakes of flint from a prehistoric tool shop .
The find suggests just how integral artistic expression may be to human existence : Music apparently flourished even in prehistoric days when mere survival was a full - time endeavor .
Archeologists said yesterday that they had unearthed the oldest musical instruments ever found - several flutes that inhabitants of southwestern Germany laboriously carved from bone and ivory at least 35,000 years ago .
We all knew that Stone Age humans were hunters and gatherers .
But sculptors and flutists ?
The flutes were made by Homo sapiens who evolved in Africa and spread across the world , arriving in Europe around 45,000 years ago .
Radiocarbon analysis by two laboratories indicate that the flutes are at least 35,000 years old , and given their distribution in the excavation , Conard estimates that they date back to about 40,000 years ago .
The artifacts may provide clues as to why humans made it to the present day , scientists said , while Neanderthals , a close relative , ultimately went extinct .
Over a decade ago , an archeologist discovered a 43,000 - year - old bear bone that was thought to be a Neanderthal flute , but other scientists have cast doubt on this claim .
A culture rich in figurative art , sophisticated adornments , and music does not directly result in better hunting or more successful reproduction , but music in particular might have had an indirect effect , providing better social ties or improving communication , according to Conard .
The flutes are also tangible evidence of modern humans ’ innovative talents .
“ There is something analogous to a cultural arms race between the [ Neanderthals ] and the moderns , ’’ said Conard .
“ Neanderthals had perfectly good behavioral strategies , but tended to be culturally more conservative , and modern humans were more flexible and creative . ’’
That creativity is seen in the flutes .
The most complete flute was excavated in a dozen pieces last September .
Archeologists pieced together the flute for display .
Fashioned from the wing bone of a griffon vulture , the flute is about 9 inches long .
Fine lines chipped into the bones were probably used as measurements to ensure that the five finger holes were spaced appropriately , the researchers concluded , and musicians likely played the instrument by blowing through V - shaped notches carved in the top of the flute .
Researchers also found evidence of technologically advanced flutes made from mammoth ivory .
In the same excavation , they discovered two fragments of ivory flutes , which would have been constructed by splitting a piece of mammoth ivory , hollowing out both halves , carving the finger holes , and sealing them back together .
Another portion of an ivory flute was also discovered at a nearby site .
Other instruments have been unearthed in France and Austria but are no more than 30,000 years old .
To Ofer Bar - Yosef , a professor of prehistoric archeology at Harvard , the making of flutes by humans in Europe seems analogous to the innovation seen among early Americans , who “ created socially and technically a new society which is different from what it used to be back home .
. . .
What happens to a population - they get into a new environment , something triggers them to think about a new invention . ’’
Since the five - hole flute was dug up last year , an experimental archeologist working with Conard has built a replica out of a griffon vulture bone and is learning to play it .
“ The first thing he sent me is this rendition of the Star Spangled Banner on the oldest flute in the world , ’’ Conard said .
“ He has n’t really learned it yet .
It sounds very rough . ’’
Carolyn Y. Johnson can be reached at cjohnson@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Flypaper robotic clock
This robot has a taste for flies .
The insects become trapped on the flypaper stretched over its roller mechanism .
( Image : Auger - Loizeau )
Flypaper robotic clock - detail
At the base of the roller , a scraper removes any captured insects .
They fall into the microbial fuel cell beneath , where bacteria digest the fly and cause chemical changes that the cell can extract power from .
The energy is used to power the LCD clock and keep the roller revolving .
( Image : Auger - Loizeau )
Coffee table robot
This is a coffee table that doubles as a mouse trap .
Crumbs are placed on the table to encourage mice to climb up the hole in the far - right table leg .
When the mouse stands on the trapdoor in the centre , sensors open the door and it falls into the microbial fuel cell .
The digested mouse generates the energy to power the trap door , sensor and an LED graphic display on the front of the table .
( Image : Auger - Loizeau ) Advertisement
Fly - stealing robot
This robot is meant to appeal to people with a dark sense of humour .
Its design is intended to encourage spiders to build webs between the pegs on the backboard .
Any flies trapped in the web are tracked by a camera ( right ) .
After no movement has been sensed for 10 minutes , the robotic arm ( left ) picks out the dead fly and drops it into the fuel cell , generating electricity to partially power the camera and robotic arm .
The robot gets the rest of its energy from a fuel cell housed underneath a conventional ultraviolet fly killer .
( Image : Auger - Loizeau )
Lampshade robot
This robot is inspired by carnivorous pitcher plants .
Insects are lured into the shade by ultraviolet lights - which are lit only at night - and become trapped .
( Image : Auger - Loizeau )
South has been deprecated .
From Django 1.7 upwards , migrations are built into the core of Django .
If you are running a previous version , you can find the repository on BitBucket .
If you 're looking for documentation , you can find it in the repository .
I guess I better post them while I have got a chance , I shot this one at Clifty Falls Sate Park a couple of days ago , this is the first shot of this lovely little flower that I have been happy with .
Many times in search of this flower I have either been too late or in the wrong place , I got lucky with this one and hit it at the right time , I would have liked to have been able to get a little more dof out of this one but the wind was just strong enough to force me too shoot at a higher stop .
As of right now the woodland flowers have all but disappeared from the area and all that is left is in bad condition , it has been a pretty good year with lots of rain , but the cool weather has caused a lot of the blooms to get spots or other markings on them .
I might post a couple more after this one , but if the rain continues I might be able to concentrate on the waterfalls and streams that dot our area before summer arrives and everything drys up .
I hope everyone is having a great day and thanks for stopping by and taking a look !!
In the fall of 1950 , the first Porsche sports cars arrived stateside , marking the beginning of a success story that reached new heights in the past decade .....
Leading climate change scientist says carbon offsets wo n’t work , “ Enjoy life while you can ”
On one hand , renowned climate expert James Lovelock thinks the global warming will destroy the world .
On the other hand , he thinks all the political solutions are a scam .
The Guardian UK reports Lovelock ’s heresy :
He dismisses eco ideas briskly , one by one .
“ Carbon offsetting ?
I would n’t dream of it .
It ’s just a joke .
To pay money to plant trees , to think you ’re offsetting the carbon ?
You ’re probably making matters worse .
You ’re far better off giving to the charity Cool Earth , which gives the money to the native peoples to not take down their forests . ”
Do he and his wife try to limit the number of flights they take ?
“ No we do n’t .
Because we can ’t . ”
And recycling , he adds , is “ almost certainly a waste of time and energy ” , while having a “ green lifestyle ” amounts to little more than “ ostentatious grand gestures ” .
He distrusts the notion of ethical consumption .
“ Because always , in the end , it turns out to be a scam … or if it was n’t one in the beginning , it becomes one . ”
The Guardian continues :
You ’re never going to get enough energy from wind to run a society such as ours , ” he says .
“ Windmills !
Oh no .
No way of doing it .
You can cover the whole country with the blasted things , millions of them .
Waste of time . ”
So given all this , what would Lovelock do now ?
“ Enjoy life while you can .
Because if you ’re lucky it ’s going to be 20 years before it hits the fan . ”
A round of applause for James Lovelock for his honesty .
Anyone Al Gore disagrees with is alright with us .
Source : Guardian UK
JERUSALEM , June 12 ( UPI ) -- United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said he is considering assessing an $ 11 million fine for damage caused to U.N. facilities in Gaza against Israel .
Ban said he was acting on recommendations made by a committee established to determine the damage caused by Israeli security forces to U.N. buildings in Operation Cast Lead in Gaza , Ynetnews.com reported Friday .
Advertisement
Touching on the situation in the Gaza Strip , Ban warned if the border crossings remain closed , " the people of Gaza will slide into even deeper hardship , with the risk of further radicalization . "
The report failed to mention which committee recommended Israel be slapped with a monetary fine .
Earlier this month Defense Minister Ehud Barak informed Ban Israel will not cooperate with a special committee headed by South African jurist Richard Goldstone , who was tasked with investigating whether Israel had committed war crimes during the military operation in Gaza earlier this year .
I began by removing from my list of Facebook friends people who persistently declared themselves to be fans of asinine , obvious things , like " sleep " .
No , quite frankly , I do not wish to know that you appreciate Saturdays , toast , or Kramer from " Seinfeld " .
This does not improve my opinion of you .
In fact , I hardly have any opinion of you other than what I see you doing on Facebook !
I have n't seen you since primary school !
If , indeed , I 've ever even met you !
Some people find this stuff as annoying as I do and simply ignore it all , but then some people do n't use Adblock because they can put up with moving objects in their peripheral vision all day every day .
As for me , I find " unfriend " to be the most effective ignore .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm still pro-toast .
Toaist , if you will .
But I do n't need Facebook to express that , nor ( due to nagging security concerns and the simple fact that Facebook is their site , not mine ) is Facebook the medium I want to use to express that .
So eventually I gave up and I left entirely .
It feels like sites like Facebook channel all of our free expression into neat , pre-moulded boxes .
" Susie is a fan of writing ! " " Ed is in love with Tina ! "
Dang it , show us the writing !
Show us the love !
It 's like it 's become impossible to express any relationship below " friend " , and it 's impossible to express any feeling below " is a fan of " .
It 's like talking using corporation - manufactured language , in which all we can do is proclaim our fondness for a product , or else keep silent .
It reduces everything to a binary love / do n't love choice .
Personality tests ?
Great !
Answer all these questions , and we will tell you that you , like all humans , fall into one of these eight categories of people !
Is n't that INFORMATIVE ?
Did n't you learn something ?
And Twitter ?
One hundred and forty characters is not , and should not be , enough to express yourself .
These days it seems like brevity equates with legitimacy , because if you can summarise your opinion in fewer syllables than your opponent then you can repeat your message more times in a given space , which means people are more swayed , and you can fit your message into smaller commercial spaces , which means more people will bother to read it .
Truly important and meaningful statements are big thoughts with great nuance and irreducible complexity , becoming meaningless if interrupted halfway .
Arguments cannot be easily dissected into two opposing viewpoints .
You are not a ) wholly right or b ) wholly wrong .
You will not be able to stay home , blogger .
You will not be able to dial up , log in and cop out .
You will not be able to watch the revolution unfold on your RSS feed because the revolution will not be tweeted .
The revolution will not be tweeted ; the revolution will not cost ninety - nine cents from iTunes ; the revolution will not appear on Fark , Digg , Reddit or Metafilter , nor be brought to you by Randall Munroe , Ben Croshaw , Jack Thompson , Ron Paul or Stephen Colbert .
The revolution will not be tagged " nsfw " or locked for editing by newly - registered users due to persistent vandalism .
The revolution will not have rounded corners because the revolution will not be tweeted .
etc .
CANNABIS CULTURE – A Burnaby RCMP officer whose lost wallet was found with marijuana inside was fired after admitting he was a pot smoker .
Const .
Amyn Dharamshi’s wallet was found , dropped in a mailbox , and eventually given to the Vancouver Police Dept .
The VPD contacted the RCMP , who brought Dharamshi in for questioning .
First , the officer claimed the 6.1 grams of marijuana and a pack of rolling papers belonged to his brother .
According to CanWest News service , the mountie even offered to take a lie detector test to prove his innocence , but broke down and admitted the pot was his just moments after the test was performed !
Dharamshi said that he had smoked cannabis several times recently to relieve martial and financial stress .
The Vancouver Sun provides some details :
At a formal disciplinary hearing in 2005 before a panel of three senior Mounties , Dharamshi pleaded for mercy , saying he knew what he did was wrong but that he wanted to remain on the force .
Two of Dharamshi ’s superiors testified on his behalf , including a corporal who , according to the judgment , argued that “ had Constable Dharamshi sought relief from alcohol rather than marijuana , his actions would not have brought him into the discipline process . ”
However , the disciplinary panel ruled that Dharamshi’s use of an illegal substance was a serious matter that was only aggravated by the fact he lied about it when first confronted .
“ It takes courage to step up to the truth and Constable Dharamshi did not display such courage , ” the panel ruled .
“ Dharamshi has conducted himself in such a manner that his integrity has been seriously brought into disrepute . ”
The panel ruled that Dharamshi should be forced to resign from the force and , if he failed to do so , that he should be fired .
Dharamshi appealed the panel ’s decision to the RCMP ’s external review committee .
However , in a decision last spring — recently obtained by The Vancouver Sun — the committee upheld Dharamshi ’s dismissal .
Dharamshi , who was suspended with pay from the force on Aug. 18 , 2004 , finally resigned on July 2 , 2008 .
So this is what it takes to get fired from the RCMP .
Unfortunately , this guy did n’t have much of a chance from the beginning .
The RCMP and VPD have a deep distaste for marijuana – a side effect of their addiction to prohibition .
Even if he told the truth immediately and admitted the pot was his , Dharamshi would have probably been forced to resign as an example to other closet smokers on the force .
Services
THERAPIES OFFERED
Chiropractic treatment services at Ortega Chiropractic Clinic are safe and effective and address the originating cause of the pain or discomfort .
Along with spinal manipulation , we utilize different forms of physical therapy , massage therapy , exercise and Nautilus Rehab equipment to strengthen muscles and restore normal range of motion .
AUTO ACCIDENTS OR PERSONAL INJURY
Even a minor automobile accident can have major effects on your health .
When one car collides with another , thousands of pounds of pressure are exerted on the neck and spine .
Whiplash can occur at surprisingly slow speeds and is the result of the head and neck being thrown or " snapped " back and forth very quickly .
Receiving chiropractic care after an accident can make the difference between complete recovery and lingering pain and disability which can last years after the accident .
WORKERS COMPENSATION ( WORK - RELATED INJURY )
Chiropractic care has become the leading form of medical care for work - related injuries involving the muscular / skeletal system .
Workers ' compensation studies show that patients with these types of work - related injuries return to work faster and at a more reasonable cost using chiropractic treatment versus general medical care .
The conservative movement is in shambles and this doozy comes from online conservative blogger Eric Erickson of Red State .
Do we need any more proof that they are all certifiable ?
What 's up with conservatives and their tweets ?
The men in white suits should be called in very quickly because he needs a serious 30 - day observation period .
Do n't forget to bring a straitjacket with you .
pourmecoffee ’s posterous finds this tweet for the ages :
Eric Erickson ( @ewerickson ) , Editor - in - Chief of RedState did n't just toss off that gem .
He wrote it , then deleted it , then re-wrote and re-sent it adding the proper hashtags ( " LMRM " = Let Me Repeat Myself , " TCOT " = Top Conservatives on Twitter , " RS " = RedState ) .
Made sure he got it just right .
See for yourself .
This is the leader of the right 's most prominent online community , not some carefree flame - throwing commenter or diarist .
RedState is not an official GOP site , but it's a center of the conservative movement with a stated desire to take over leadership of the party .
I 'm not interested in flame wars .
Everyone is entitled to their opinion .
As a matter of strategy , however , I just can't understand why someone in a leadership position would act so publicly self - destructive .
This stuff turns states blue .
Put simply , a serious leader looking to amass political power does not publicly call a sitting Supreme Court Justice a " goat f**king child molester . "
A seemingly obvious point .
I 'm surprised he took the time to think it over at all , but then he actually posted it .
Eric Erickson :
The nation loses the only goat f*&king child molester to ever serve on the Supreme Court in David Souter 's retirement .
Conservatives are a leaderless broken bunch of sad sacks and messages like this are really the norm for them .
Howard Kurtz attacked anonymous commenters for writing vitriolic statements on websites , but he rarely goes after the creators or main writers that run the sites .
Erik is someone who has been selling himself as The Great Savior of the conservative movement so I wonder how this will impact his efforts on that front as he tries to line up right - wing politicians and anyone willing to comment on the upcoming Supreme Court nomination .
Actually , I think he 'll get a medal from CPAC over this one .
It would appear that director Kevin Smith 's new horror movie hits the nail on the head : Red State :
Earlier coverage
• Chrysler moves to eliminate 789 of 3,200 dealers
• 8,000 in Ohio could lose jobs as Chrysler , GM shut dealers
CLEVELAND — Big - name dealers such as Spitzer and Ganley will lose their Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge franchises next month , according to a bankruptcy court filing by Chrysler LLC .
In the region , 14 dealerships will lose 23 franchises .
The losses include Ganley stores in Middleburg Heights , Cleveland and Wickliffe .
Spitzer will lose stores in Lakewood , Akron , Sheffield , Mayfield Heights and Parma .
The closed franchises are about 30 percent of the Chrysler brand stores in the seven - county area .
After the closures on June 9 , stores selling 61 Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge franchises will remain .
Calls to the dealerships were not returned Thursday .
Nationwide , Chrysler asked the court to void 789 franchise agreements with its stores .
" The best dealers with the best facilities and locations are being approached
regularly by other " automakers , Chrysler said in its filing .
To protect its base , the company said it needed to " identify immediately the remaining dealers that will comprise the domestic dealer network ... to provide them with a reason to continue to support the debtors and the debtors ' products -- as they have for many years -- in the face of these various challenges and pressures . "
Sameh A. Habeed
The Palestine Telegraph
April 22 , 2009 The Palestine TelegraphApril 22 , 2009
Baghdad says it does not want the Blackwater “ security company ” to operate in Iraqi airspace or land … “ under one name or another ” and that Iraqi officials will press to secure compensation for the killings carried out by the US mercenary company .
Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said on Tuesday that the company – now calling itself
Xe – will be active in the country at least until summer in some ground and air operations .
Iraq is planning to take over some of the functions of the company – such as helicopter patrols – but needs at least until May 2010 to train local units .
[ efoods ]
He gave no other details of when the last Blackwater / Xe units would leave Iraq , but insisted that the Iraqi goverment would continue to press for compensation for the deadly September 16 , 2007 shooting and other violent incidents in which Iraqi civilians were killed by the company ’s staff , who are mostly former military personnel lured by the far higher salaries to work as mercenaries for “ security companies ” such as Blackwater / Xe .
The US occupation administration granted legal immunity to these outfits for crimes committed in Iraq , which caused outrage in the country .
After 17 Iraqis were killed and another 20 wounded in a 2007 shooting in Baghdad ’s busy Nisoor Square , Iraqi officials ruled that the North Carolina - based Blackwater would be barred from operating in the country .
Despite the ban , the US State Department renewed the scandal - ridden Blackwater ’s contract seven months later , in April 2008 .
Al - Dabbagh said it was surprising to hear the company will work in Iraq longer than previously thought .
Iraq is currently making plans to take over some of the company ’s roles , he said and added that a certain company will extend its work to help protect Iraqi airspace until next year .
He insisted that he was not referring .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In public , when it comes to the Iranian question , President Obama is all sweet reason and kissy - face .
His recent video message to the Iranian people was just what the doctor ordered .
However , this public performance is severely undercut by an ongoing covert program aimed at regime - change in Tehran – or , at least , at undermining the Iranian regime to such an extent that it must respond in some way .
This covert action program , reported by Seymour Hersh last year , was started by the Bush administration and funded to the tune of $ 400 million .
The U.S. is , in effect , conducting a secret war against Tehran , a covert campaign aimed at recruiting Iran ’s ethnic and religious minorities – who make up the majority of the population in certain regions , such as in the southeast borderlands near Pakistan – into a movement to topple the government in Tehran , or , at least , to create so much instability that U.S. intervention to " keep order " in the region is justified .
Given recent events in Iran – a suicide bombing in the southeast province of Sistan - Baluchistan and at least two other incidents – the effort is apparently ongoing .
A suicide - bomber blast , which occurred inside a mosque in the city of Zahedan , killed at least 30 people : a rebel Sunni group with reported links to the U.S. claimed responsibility .
The Iranian government immediately accused the U.S. and Israel of being behind the attack .
The violence was very shortly followed up by attacks on banks , water - treatment facilities , and other key installations in and around Zahedan , including a strike against the local campaign headquarters of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Add to this an attempted bombing of an Iranian airliner , which took off from the southwestern city of Ahvaz , and you have a small - scale insurgency arising on Iran ’s eastern frontier .
The Iranians , confronted with peace overtures from Washington , can be blamed for wondering if the war against them has already begun .
A recent op - ed piece in the New York Times by Flynt and Hillary Mann Leverett opines that President Obama ’s " Iran policy has , in all likelihood , already failed " due to America ’s covert actions in Iran .
In the current debate within the administration over what course to take with Iran , hard - liners like Dennis Ross – special envoy for the region – argue that Iran ’s lack of a positive response to Obama ’s overtures are evidence the whole effort is futile , and that it ’s time to start thinking about harsh sanctions and military action .
The Leveretts , however , have a different take :
" But this ignores the real reason Iranian leaders have not responded to the new president more enthusiastically : the Obama administration has done nothing to cancel or repudiate an ostensibly covert but well - publicized program , begun in President George W. Bush ’s second term , to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to destabilize the Islamic Republic .
Under these circumstances , the Iranian government – regardless of who wins the presidential elections on June 12 – will continue to suspect that American intentions toward the Islamic Republic remain , ultimately , hostile . "
Last year , the same terrorist group behind the Zahedan suicide bomb blast kidnapped 16 Iranian policemen and videotaped their execution .
The video was played on al - Arabiya television .
Imagine if , say , the governments of Mexico and the U.S. were engaged in talks aimed at improving relations between the two countries and all the while the former was funding and arming terrorist groups that were sowing death and destruction in America ’s southwestern cities .
Imagine if these terrorists seized 16 American cops and , when the U.S. refused to negotiate with the hostage - takers , murdered them and posted the grisly proceedings on YouTube .
The reaction would be so swift and deadly that the Mexicans would n’t know what hit them .
Little wonder , then , that there has n’t been much of a response to Obama ’s peace feelers .
In this context , it ’s only a matter of time before hard - liners in Tehran gain the upper hand and launch a provocation – aimed , perhaps , at U.S. forces in Iraq – that precludes any negotiating process and sets us on a course for war .
In mounting a campaign to destabilize Iran , the U.S. is allying itself with some pretty loathsome elements .
Jundallah , for example , is a Sunni militant organization , created to establish a Baluchi Islamic state in southeastern Iran and parts of Pakistan .
One of the founding members of Jundallah was allegedly Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the al - Qaeda operational commander of 9/11 attacks , who was arrested in 2003 in Pakistan and is now in U.S. custody .
The current leader of Jundallah , Abdolmalek Rigi , is a bloodthirsty maniac even by the standards of the region .
In an interview with Dan Rather , Rigi showed a video in which he personally beheaded his own brother - in - law , al - Qaeda - style .
Rigi denies having a separatist agenda and claims he wants to establish a " United States of Iran , " presumably with more autonomy for Iranian Baluchistan .
He also denies links to al - Qaeda and the Taliban , and he characterizes Jundallah – which has since changed its name to the Iranian People ’s Resistance Movement – as an Islamic " awakening " movement .
This " awakening " parlance should be all too familiar to Middle East observers : it is the same sort of " awakening " that energized the U.S. military " surge " in Iraq , made possible by an American alliance with Sunni tribes who claimed to have been awakened to the danger posed by al - Qaeda .
Substitute Iran for al - Qaeda , and you have the echoes of the Sunni - card strategy being played by the U.S. and Israel throughout the region .
Support for Jundallah fits in nicely with the effort to forge an anti-Iranian united front , bringing together the U.S. and its Sunni allies in the region , with the Israelis providing backup and ( largely covert ) support .
Obama , with his peace overtures , serves as the smiley - face mask for some pretty loathsome activities .
The U.S. government claims to be fighting terrorism , yet is sponsoring groups that plant bombs in mosques , kidnap tourists as well as Iranian policemen , and fund their activities with drug- running in addition to covert subsidies courtesy of the U.S. taxpayers .
The recent suicide bombing in Zahedan was the work of Jundallah .
These are war crimes , carried out with the full knowledge of the leaders of both parties in Congress , paid for by you and me , and conducted in our name .
What ’s even more outrageous is that the Obama administration , far from decrying or even trying to distance itself from such activities , is endorsing and expanding this style of warfare by appointing Lt. Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal to head up U.S. military operations in Afghanistan .
McChrystal was formerly commander of the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , a secret army of special - ops commandos who murdered , tortured , and kidnapped suspected terrorists throughout the world .
McChrystal ’s appointment is part of the " new thinking " in the Pentagon that goes under the general rubric of COIN [ .pdf ] , which emphasizes the political alongside the military as an essential element of successful counterinsurgency operations .
The Jundallah operation reeks of this new counterinsurgency doctrine – championed by Democratic think - tanks and Iraq commander David Petraeus – that ’s all the rage in the Obama administration .
I ’m thinking , in particular , of Jundallah ’s recent name - change : I wonder what Pentagon contractor came up with " Iranian People ’s Resistance Movement . "
What ’s going on in Iran today – a sustained campaign of terrorism directed against civilians and government installations alike – is proof positive that nothing has really changed much in Washington , as far as U.S. policy toward Iran is concerned .
We are on a collision course with Tehran , and both sides know it .
Obama ’s public " reaching out " to the Iranians is a fraud of epic proportions .
While it ’s true that our covert terrorist attacks on Iran were initiated under the Bush regime , under Obama we ’re seeing no letup in these sorts of incidents ; if anything , they ’ve increased in frequency and severity .
Of course , we hear nothing about this from the U.S. media , Seymour Hersh excepted .
All we get from them , and from the " progressive " community , for that matter , is cheerleading for the administration .
Every time he betrays them , the limousine liberals and their media amen corner blame it on bad advisers , the Republicans , or the iron necessity of " moderating " his liberal politics in the name of " pragmatism . "
Yet in a situation such as this , when the first shots of a war against Iran are being fired , one has to ask : does n’t the president know about this – and , if so , does he approve ?
Well , of course he knows , you dummy – it would n’t be happening if he did n’t give the green light , now would it ?
Those who dread the prospect of war with Iran and hope to avoid it are a bit tardy in their concerns .
I have news for these people : we ’re already at war with Iran , and have been for quite a while .
It ’s only a matter of time , and circumstance , before it becomes official .
How to Redirect URLs from Your Root Domain to the WWW Subdomain and Vice Versa Add or Remove the WWW Prefix from Your Domain Names in Your .htaccess
How to Redirect from Your Root Domain to the WWW Subdomain and Vice Versa Using mod_rewrite
by Christopher Heng , thesitewizard.com
Most websites stick to one form of their domain name when they refer to their own site , be it the plain domain name , like example.com , or the www form , like www.example.com .
Unfortunately others linking to you do n't always follow your preferred style .
If some sites link to you with just the domain name , and others link using the www subdomain , then your site may face issues with the search engines .
This article shows you how you can work around the problem by automatically redirecting all URL requests of one form to the other in a search engine friendly way .
The Problem Explained in Greater Detail
Having your site referred to as both example.com and www.example.com is not a problem of consistency .
Neither is it an issue that affects branding , since most humans looking at those two names will automatically assume they are referring to the same thing .
In fact , most humans , when told to go to a domain like " thesitewizard.com " will automatically type " www.thesitewizard.com " in their browsers , since this is the way the majority of the websites on the Internet work , and they know it .
So the problem is n't really with human beings at all .
It is a problem with search engines .
When you have two different addresses pointing to the same page , like www.example.com/offers.html and example.com/offers.html , many search engines ( or so we are led to believe ) will treat those two URLs as two separate pages .
When you , as a human , see those two pages and notice they are identical , you will automatically realise ( " realize " if you use a different variant of English ) that they are actually the same page .
Apparently , the search engines do not make this assumption , and will regard those as different pages with duplicate content .
The problem with duplicate content is a topic I have written on before , so I will not repeat myself here .
You can learn more about it from my article How to Create a Search Engine Friendly Website .
The way to deal with it is to redirect all pages using one form of the web address ( " URL " ) to the other form , using what is known as a " 301 " ( or " permanent " ) redirection code .
When the search engines see the redirection along with the 301 code , it will realise that the page specified has been permanently relocated to another address .
( Do n't worry if you do n't understand this paragraph .
It 's just an overview of what you 'll be doing later in this article . )
Prerequisites
For the method described in this tutorial to work , the following conditions must be true .
Your website must be hosted on an Apache web server .
In general , if your site is hosted on a Linux , FreeBSD , or Unix - type server , it is probably using the Apache server .
If your site is hosted on a Windows system , this is unlikely to be the case .
One way to find out for sure is to ask your web host or check the documentation on their website .
Your web host must allow you to override your web server 's configuration using a .htaccess file .
Again , this information is available from your web host .
Your web host must have installed and enabled the mod_rewrite Apache module .
Not all web hosts provide this , although commercial web hosts are more likely to have it than free web hosts .
If you are using the same web host as I am , the mod_rewrite module is available for use with every package .
Steps to Redirecting Your URLs Using .htaccess
Before you begin , please note these things :
In the following sections , you will be creating or modifying a file named .htaccess on your web server .
Note carefully the name of the file -- it starts with a full stop ( " period " ) and has no additional extension ( for example , it does not end with " .txt " ) .
The .htaccess file is a simple ASCII text file , so to create it , you should use a plain text editor and not a word processor like Word , Wordpad , Write , OpenOffice , etc .
If you use Windows , you may use Notepad , but be sure to read my article on How to Save a File with Notepad Without the TXT Extension otherwise Notepad will invisibly add a " .txt " extension behind your back .
You wo n't be able to spot this extension in Windows Explorer in the default Windows configuration .
You should also standardize all the links on your website to use the form you want .
For example , if you want www.example.com , make sure that all your internal links use that form ( or just use relative links ) .
Those who have created a site map using the search engines ' Sitemap Protocol should standardize the links there as well .
If you prefer your website to be referred to as ( say ) www.example.com , with the " www " prefix , read the section on how to transparently add the " www " prefix to your domain name .
However , if you want your site to be referred to as example .com , without " www " , skip to the section on how to remove the " www " prefix from your domain name .
Incidentally , it does n't matter which you choose .
The main thing is to choose one and stick with it .
It 's probably best to choose the form that is most widely used by other sites to link to you instead of randomly picking one .
To redirect ( say ) example.com to www.example.com , add the following code to your .htaccess file .
RewriteEngine on
RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^example\.com $ [ NC ]
RewriteRule ^(.* ) $
http://www.example.com/$1 [ R=301,L ]
The above code causes the server to check that the domain name portion of the URL is example.com .
If it is , the visitor will be sent to www.example.com instead .
If you also own , say example .
co.uk , example .de and / or some other domain , and want them to be redirected to www.example.com as well , you may prefer to use the following code instead :
RewriteEngine on
RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} !^www\.example\.com $ [ NC ]
RewriteRule ^(.* ) $
http://www.example.com/$1 [ R=301,L ]
This second set of rules checks to see if the URL has a domain name portion of www.example.com .
If it does n't , the visitor is redirected to www.example.com .
In other words , any web address with a domain name component other than www.example.com will cause a redirection to take place .
Whichever set of rules you use , change all instances of " example.com " to your actual domain name .
For the line beginning with RewriteCond , add a backslash ( " \ " ) before each of the full stops ( or " periods " ) in your domain name .
And if your website uses HTTPS instead of HTTP , modify the " http : / / " portion so that it reads " https : / / " .
Note that the second set of rules has some side effects :
Some people park new domains they buy at their current site , pending the development of a new website .
If you do so , anyone accessing those parked domains will be redirected to the domain you specify above ( eg , www.example.com ) .
In the same way , you will no longer be able to access your site by its IP address without being redirected .
This is probably not a big issue , but it 's good to know .
Some web hosts allow you to host multiple domains and subdomains on the same web account , with those domains redirected to a subdirectory of your main domain .
For example , if the files for your domain ( say ) eg- domain.com can also be accessed as example .
com / eg- domain / , this paragraph probably applies to you .
Such web hosts may use mod_rewrite to implement support for these additional domains or subdomains .
If you then also use the second set of mod_rewrite rules on your URLs , you may get 404 File Not Found errors for URLs in your extra domains / subdomains , depending on the end result of the combined rules .
In such cases , it may be safer to use the first set of rules instead , since it very specifically targets only a single domain name .
To redirect any URL starting with ( say ) www.example.com to example.com , add the following code to your .htaccess file .
RewriteEngine on
RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^www\.example\.com $ [ NC ]
RewriteRule ^(.* ) $
http://example.com/$1 [ R=301,L ]
The above rules checks if the domain name component in a URL contains www.example.com .
If it does , the visitor is sent to example .com instead .
To use the rule , change all instances of " example.com " to your actual domain name .
For the line beginning with RewriteCond , add a backslash ( " \ " ) before each of the full stops ( or " periods " ) in your domain name .
In addition , remember to change the " http : / / " to " https : / / " if your website uses HTTPS .
Final Step : Upload and Test the .htaccess File
Once you 've finished creating your .htaccess file , upload it to your website .
You should upload it to the top web directory of your website , that is , the same folder where you place your website 's home page .
If there is an existing .htaccess file already there , download it to a backup folder on your computer for safekeeping .
In fact , if there is an existing .htaccess file , you should download it as a first step and add the lines given above to the end of the file instead of simply replacing it with your own file .
But always keep a copy of the unmodified original as a backup .
After uploading your file , test your website .
This is very important step whenever you are uploading a new .htaccess file , since any mistake in that file can render your entire website inaccessible .
If this happens , just delete the bad .htaccess file .
If your site previously had a .htaccess file , restore your backup of that old file ( just re-upload it ) .
Never assume the rules will work or that you did n't make any errors .
Even the slightest error can take down your site .
For those who do n't know how to upload a file , please see my article on How to Upload a File to Your Website Using the FileZilla FTP Client .
Copyright © 2008 - 2018 by Christopher Heng .
All rights reserved .
Get more free tips and articles like this , on web design , promotion , revenue and scripting , from https://www.thesitewizard.com/.
thesitewizard ™ News Feed ( RSS Site Feed )
Do you find this article useful ?
You can learn of new articles and scripts that are published on thesitewizard.com by subscribing to the RSS feed .
Simply point your RSS feed reader or a browser that supports RSS feeds at https://www.thesitewizard.com/thesitewizard.xml.
You can read more about how to subscribe to RSS site feeds from my RSS FAQ .
Please Do Not Reprint This Article
This article is copyrighted .
Please do not reproduce or distribute this article in whole or part , in any form .
Related Articles
New Articles
Popular Articles
How to Link to This Page
To link to this page from your website , simply cut and paste the following code to your web page .
< a href = " https://www.thesitewizard.com/apache/redirect-domain-www-subdomain.shtml " target = " _top " > How to Redirect from Your Root Domain to the WWW Subdomain and Vice Versa Using mod_rewrite </a>
It will appear on your page as :
How to Redirect from Your Root Domain to the WWW Subdomain and Vice Versa Using mod_rewrite
Copyright © 2008 - 2018 by Christopher Heng .
All rights reserved .
thesitewizard™ , thefreecountry ™ and HowToHaven™ are trademarks of Christopher Heng .
This page was last updated on 24 April 2018 .
" Support ai n't gonna be no big deal , " Scott B.'s boss told him , " it 's a weighbridge fer cryin ' out loud !
They do n't got no movin ' parts and they ain't gonna go breakin ' in the middl 'a the night . "
Scott found the conversation reassuring .
While he was happy to help his company expand into the business of selling and managing weighbridges , he was reticent to commit to 24x7 for emergency support , especially when support meant possible on - site visits within a fifty mile radius .
But the boss was right , it 's a weighbridge — truck moves on , weight slip prints out , truck moves off — it do n't get no simpler than that .
That , of course , was the theory .
Within a few days of installing their weighbridge , Scott got that dreaded 3:00 AM call : the console read " 08AA - BEAM OBSTRCT " , which meant that the laser beam emitter used to detect a truck 's presence was obstructed .
The operator swore up and down that there was n't a truck or anything else that was blocking the beam .
Begrudgingly , Scott rolled out of bed , attempted to dress himself , grabbed an energy drink from his fridge , and hit the road with bloodshot eyes , nursing his drink for the whole drive .
But when he arrived on site , the operator told him that the problem fixed itself and thanked him for coming anyway .
Still , Scott did his due diligence and checked the emitter .
It showed no signs of damage or misalignment , and the mirror looked OK too .
Itching for a full - nights sleep the next day , Scott 's dreams were interrupted by yet another 3:00 AM call .
It was the " 08AA - BEAM OBSTRCT " message again .
After waiting an hour to see if it'd fix itself , Scott rolled out of bed again and went back to the customer 's site .
This time he actually was able to see the message , but when he walked over to check the hardware , all systems were normal again .
The following night , Scott was all but certain that he'd get another 3:00 AM call .
To his surprise , he did n't !
Actually , it was a 3:30 AM call , and it played out exactly the same .
Of course , by this point , almost all of the hardware — emitter , cables , receiver box , and so on — had been replaced , so there was no good reason that " 08 AA - BEAM OBSTRCT " should keep popping back up ,
When the fourth night — and subsequent 3:00 AM call — rolled around , Scott rolled right of bed , grabbed an energy drink , and hit the road .
When he got out on site , he followed the same routine with one exception : he would polish the mirror just in case the tiny spec of mud was somehow interfering with the laser beam .
Flashlight in one hand , he gripped the mirror to clean it , feeling something soft , fuzzy , and slightly damp on the back .
And whatever it was , it jerked away immediately .
At the same time , two horrifyingly long , slender , and hairy spider legs reached over the top of the mirror in a warning position .
With an audible " fuuuuuuggghhhHH , " Scott jumped back and stumbled backward , spilling his energy drink on himself , still pointing his flashlight toward the mirror .
Dozens of young spiders scurried from what must 've been an egg sac behind the mirror .
From that day on , Scott has n't been able to appreciate terrifying arachnosquads of infant spiders and their mothers with legs up to six inches long like he used to .
It was a huntsman spider – a species of spider most commonly found in Australia , southern areas of the United States , and your nightmares .
They can move extremely fast , jump , and often live in small crevices .
They 're also well known for hiding behind clocks , watching , waiting for us pitiful humans to fall asleep .
After considering nuking it from orbit ( he'd heard it 's the only way to be sure ) , Scott prescribed an ungodly amount of pesticide , which would thereby end the spiders ' reign of terror and let him finally get a good night 's sleep .
For two full nights , Scott slept all the way through the night .
But on the third night , he received another 3:00 AM call .
On the drive there , he realized what must have happened : the rain washed away the pesticides , and a new spider family moved in .
This time , Scott left his industrial - strength can of spray so the operator could apply it liberally to any horrible abomination that decided to live on the weighbridge 's mirror .
Problem finally over !
That is , until the next 3:00 AM call came , this time for an entirely different malfunction : " 08 AC - BEAM FAILR " .
Fortunately , this time was easy : the mirror was dusty .
After thoroughly looking for spiders and finding none , he wiped the mirror off and advised the operator do the same next time .
Two weeks later , a 3:00 PM call .
The sun was now coming in at a slightly different angle , and in the afternoon it would trip the sensor .
Adding a makeshift visor to the sensor and the mirror to block out the rays solved the issue .
One month later , another call , another issue .
This time it was the mist that had rolled in , condensed into beads of water on the mirror , and caused the reflection to go crazy .
With a lightbulb in the housing positioned so that it would n't trip the sensor , the mirror stayed warm and blocked any further condensation from forming .
In the end , Scott had battled water , earth , nature , and developed an arsenal of insecticide , dust rags , light bulbs , and visors , and after many , many late nights of tedious support , and permanent spider - related emotional trauma , finally had a working solution .
But I guess that comes with the territory when you 're supporting a high - tech device like an ordinary mirror .
Akhtar becomes the first casualty of the 12 - team event for which final 15 - man squads were announced on May 5 .
The 33 - year - old missed last week 's conditioning camp in a luxury Pakistani hill resort due to the condition and his omission had been widely expected after he missed the first of three practice matches here Wednesday .
Coach Intikhab Alam backed Akhtar 's omission on fitness grounds .
" We can't keep a half - fit player for a major event , " Alam told reporters .
" He has not done any training for the last 15 - 20 days and missed last week 's camp .
His performance is for all to judge to his form , so we had to take this decision and fortunately it happened before the event started , " said Alam .
Akhtar is likely to be replaced by paceman Rao Iftikhar for the second edition of the World Twenty20 which starts in England from June 5 .
" We have sent Iftikhar 's name as replacement and he attended the camp and is in good shape , " said Alam .
Asked whether Akhtar 's troubled career was over , Alam said it was up to the bowler to work on his form .
" He is out only for the World Twenty20 and now it 's up to him to work on his fitness and earn a recall .
He was selected in the squad but he failed to keep his fitness and his career depends on fitness . "
The PCB said it has written the technical committee of the World Twenty20 for the right to name a replacement after the fast bowler 's fitness was assessed by a three - man panel on Thursday .
Akhtar is likely to be replaced by paceman Rao Iftikhar for the second edition of the World Twenty20 which starts in England from June 5 .
Akhtar , plagued by injury since his debut in 1997 , managed to play just four Twenty20 matches last year due to fitness and discipline problems .
He was dropped from the team after getting just one wicket in the two one - day matches internationals against Sri Lanka in February .
He was later ruled out of the Test series because of knee problems .
The series was ultimately abandoned after gunmen attacked the Sri Lanka team bus en route to the stadium in Lahore .
Akhtar was then included in Pakistan 's squad for their five one - dayers and one Twenty20 match series in the United Arab Emirates this month .
He took three wickets in four one - day matches but did not complete his allotted 10 overs in any of the matches .
He only bowled two overs in the one - off Twenty20 match against Australia in Dubai , conceding 18 runs .
AFP
( two dinosaurs )
Oh man , I was in " Introduction to Management " training all week .
How was that ?
Not bad .
I realized that " workflow " backwards is " wolfkrow " , and I learned how to yawn with my mouth closed .
Man , I do n't think that 's right .
It was probably a great chance to learn and progress , and you treat it like an annoying chore .
See ?
Right there !
I totally just yawned , and you did n't even know it .
May 21 , 20099
The real reason behind Obama�s reversal of a decision to release the torture photos has been almost completely ignored by the corporate media - the fact that the photos show both US and Iraqi soldiers raping teenage boys in front of their mothers .
The Obama administration originally intended to release photos depicting torture and abuse of detainees in Afghanistan and Iraq by the end of May , following a court order arising out of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit first filed by the ACLU in 2004 .
However , a reversal of Obama�s decision was announced this week , after he " changed his mind after viewing some of the images and hearing warnings from his generals in Iraq and in Afghanistan that such a move would endanger US troops deployed there , " according to a Washington Post report .
In response , the ACLU charged that Obama " has essentially become complicit with the torture that was rampant during the Bush years by being complicit in its coverup . "
The Obama administration has also sought to protect intelligence officials involved in torture from prosecution at every turn .
The primary reason why Obama is now blocking the release of the photos is that some of the pictures , as well as video recordings , show prison guards sodomizing young boys in front of their mothers , both with objects as well as physical rape .
This horrific detail has been almost completely ignored by the establishment media in their coverage of the story this week , despite the fact that it�s been in the public domain for nearly five years , after it was first revealed by investigative Seymour Hersh during an ACLU conference in July 2004 .
" Some of the worst things that happened you don�t know about , okay ? " said Hersh .
" Videos , there are women there .
Some of you may have read that they were passing letters out , communications out to their men .
This is at Abu Ghraib �
The women were passing messages out saying ' Please come and kill me , because of what�s happened � and basically what happened is that those women who were arrested with young boys , children in cases that have been recorded .
The boys were sodomized with the cameras rolling .
And the worst above all of that is the soundtrack of the boys shrieking that your government has .
They are in total terror .
It �s going to come out . "
Hersh�s contention that minors were raped by prison guards while others filmed the vulgar spectacle is backed up by a leaked Abu Ghraib memorandum highlighted in a 2004 London Guardian report , in which detainees Kasim Hilas describes " the rape of an Iraqi boy by a man in uniform " .
The testimony was also part of the military�s official Taguba Report into the torture at Abu Ghraib .
" I saw [ name blacked out ] fucking a kid , his age would be about 15 - 18 years .
The kid was hurting very bad and they covered all the doors with sheets .
Then when I heard the screaming I climbed the door because on top it wasn�t covered and I saw [ blacked out ] , who was wearing the military uniform putting his dick in the little kid�s ass , " Mr Hilas told military investigators .
" I couldn�t see the face of the kid because his face wasn�t in front of the door .
And the female soldier was taking pictures . "
Another inmate , Thaar Dawod , described more abuse of teenage boys .
" They came with two boys naked and they were cuffed together face to face and Grainer [ Corporal Charles Graner , one of the military policemen facing court martial ] was beating them and a group of guards were watching and taking pictures from top and bottom and there was three female soldiers laughing at the prisoners , " he said .
A 2004 London Telegraph report also described photos which showed " US soldiers beating an Iraqi prisoner nearly to death and having sex with a female PoW , " as well as a videotape , apparently made by US personnel , which shows " Iraqi guards raping young boys " .
Former Governor Jesse Ventura today offered a solution to the controversy surrounding President Obama�s decision to reverse an earlier promise to release the torture photos - let Ventura see the photos on behalf of the American people and then decide if they should be released .
Ventura told the Alex Jones Show today , " How about if I step forward on behalf of the taxpayers and the citizens of the great United States of America - and I wanna go public with this - I will represent us , let me go where these photos are , let me go inside and see them and let me come out and report back as to what these photos are . "
" I think I have the right to do that , I think they have no right to keep me from doing that , you know why ?
I pay their salaries and I�m a governor , I�m a mayor , I�m a former Navy SEAL , I had a top secret security clearance - I think I �m fully qualified to walk in and view these photos , " said Ventura , adding , " I�ll report to the public , what it is why we shouldn�t be able to see them because I understand it could infuriate the enemy , but I �m not the enemy and therefore I think I have every right to see these photos in private . "
Here ’s the conclusion that all the web gurus seem to have drawn over the past months : HTML5 is the future , and that future is slowly creeping into our midst .
This article by Dave Shea is the latest proof of that .
Then there are inspiration galleries and blogs dedicated to the use of HTML5 for markup , plus hardly any mention of XHTML2 anywhere else .
rel and more meaningful links
But I ’m not going to get into the war between the two here ; I ’ll just focus on a specific development in the arena : link relations .
There ’s more to it than rel=stylesheet and rel=alternate .
About a dozen more .
For example , the Google - imposed rel=nofollow will be officially added in HTML5 , but the seemingly convenient rel=feed may be dropped due to browser implementation .
Other interesting link relations mentioned are rel=search , which obviously points to a search page , and rel=sidebar , which refers to a document “ shown in a secondary browsing context ( if possible ) , instead of in the current browsing context . ”
More are being proposed here , including rel=accessiblity .
rel seems to be what plugins are to web browsers , so it ’s interesting to see how they can make a markup language as extensible as possible .
rev and a less rotten web
Still related to link relations is the rev attribute , which stands for a “ reverse link ” .
It has n’t been as popular as its cousin rel up until microblogging boomed , and consequently , URL shorteners and the threat of link rot .
Considering just how popular
Twitter is these days , particularly as a social media marketing and SEO tool where links are the mode of currency , using rev=canonical to indicate one URL is a shortened version of the other :
Google introduced rel= " canonical " recently .
It ’s a way of pointing from an alternate URL back to the canonical URL of the current document : the relationship of the linked document to the current document is “ canonical ” .
If you ’re linking from the canonical URL to an alternate URL ( like , say , a shortened URL ) , you could use rev=” canonical ” : the relationship of the current document to the linked document is “ canonical ” .
People are also advised to check long URLs at this RevCanonical app to determine whether they already contain shortened ones .
The Psychology of Attention
How attention works , what happens when it fails and how it can be improved .
Every day we we are bombarded with perceptions , ideas and emotions and what we choose to pay attention to shapes our lives , it makes us who we are .
Attention is one of the most fascinating and highly researched areas in psychology .
Psychologists have found that with training we can perform impressive feats of multitasking , we can divide our visual attention ( without moving our eyes ) and we are surprisingly effective at picking out just one voice from a multitude .
This series of posts looks at how attention works , how it fails and what we can do to improve it .
1. The Cocktail Party Effect
For psychologists the ‘ cocktail party effect ’ is our impressive and under - appreciated ability to tune our attention to just one voice from a multitude .
It ’s a great example of just how selective our attention can be .
2. The Attentional Spotlight
Our attention moves around the visual field , often remarkably independent of our actual gaze direction .
Psychologists have been forced to come up with ingenious methods for probing the abilities of our ‘ mind ’s eye ’ .
3. Learning to Multitask : Simultaneous Reading and Writing
Research that hints at our potential to carry out two sophisticated tasks which require conscious deliberation at the same time .
Perhaps there really is no limit to our general cognitive capacity .
4. Can Visual Attention Truly Be Divided ?
Measuring the electrical activity in the brain suggests people can successfully divide their attention between two different locations for several seconds .
5. 18 Ways Attention Goes Wrong
18 ways attention can go wrong , some very common , some extremely unusual , a few downright weird ; each giving us an insight into how our minds work .
6. Attentional Blink and the Stream of Consciousness
We are caught in a world of metaphorical attentional blinks which , like literal eye - blinks , we usually do n’t notice because consciousness papers over the cracks .
Consciousness is less of a smooth stream and more of a bumpy ride .
7. How Meditation Improves Attention
William James wrote that controlling attention is at “ the very root of judgement , character and will ” .
He also noted that controlling attention is much easier said than done .
[ Image credit : royblumenthal ]
I capturez big mowse for U. I thinkz it'z dead .
It sure SMELLZ like it'z dead .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
* Chan says H1N1 could mutate in " unpredictable ways "
* Japan relaxes flu measures , but prepares big aid project
* U.S. gives companies $ 1 billion to start vaccine
* Gene analysis shows virus lurked undetected
( Updates with vaccine news and genetic studies )
By Laura MacInnis and Stephanie Nebehay
GENEVA , May 22 ( Reuters ) -
The world must be ready for H1N1 swine flu to become more severe and kill more people , World Health Organization chief Dr. Margaret Chan said on Friday .
A genetic analysis of the new virus showed it must have been circulating undetected for some time , in pigs or perhaps in other animals .
The WHO is poised to declare a full pandemic of the virus , which has infected more than 11,000 people in 42 countries and killed 86 .
And U.S. health officials released $ 1 billion for companies to get started on a vaccine in case it is needed .
The virus must be closely monitored in the southern hemisphere , as it could mix with ordinary seasonal influenza and change in unpredictable ways , Chan told the WHO annual congress in Geneva .
[ ID : nLM945575 ]
" In cases where the H1N1 virus is widespread and circulating within the general community , countries must expect to see more cases of severe and fatal infections , " she said .
" This is a subtle , sneaky virus . "
An international team of researchers who analyzed all eight genes of the new virus confirmed its sneakiness , saying it was so different from its ancestral strains that it must have been circulating undetected for years .
[ ID :nN22387017 ]
They confirmed it is a hybrid of two other mixtures -- one a so - called triple reassortant of pig , bird and human viruses , and another group of swine viruses from Europe and Asia .
" The results of the study show the global need for more systematic surveillance of influenza viruses in pigs , " Dr. Nancy Cox , chief of the influenza division at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , told reporters .
The researchers said it is likely that other odd mixtures are infecting pigs but simply have not yet been seen .
" We do know that our veterinary colleagues at USDA ( the U.S. Department of Agriculture ) and elsewhere in the world are now looking to see if samples in freezers from pigs or other animals might provide the missing link , " Cox said .
VACCINE CASH
The U.S. Health and Human Services Department said it was setting aside $ 1 billion to help companies develop a vaccine against the new strain .
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said the money will be used for clinical studies over the summer and for production of vaccine ingredients for the government 's stockpile of drugs and vaccines that is on hold in case of a pandemic of influenza .
Companies approved to sell flu shots in the United States are Sanofi - Aventis SA
SASY .
PA
, Novartis AG
NOVN.VX
, GlaxoSmithKline PLC
GSK .L
and CSL Ltd
CSL.AX
. AstraZeneca
AZN.L
unit MedImmune also sells a nasal spray flu vaccine .
U.S. officials reported 6,552 suspected and confirmed cases , 300 hospitalizations and nine deaths but said there were likely far more than that .
The CDC's Dr. Anne Schuchat said only about one in 20 cases of influenza are reported , which would put the U.S. caseload at about 130,000 .
Flu activity was calming in general across the United States , with a few exceptions , she said .
" Today the situations in the New York City area and a few other parts of the country have led to more schools closing , " she said .
" We believe that there are 60 schools around the country that have dismissed students and that there are about 42,000 students out of schools because of this virus . "
Russia reported its first confirmed case of the disease and the WHO was testing two suspected cases in Democratic Republic of Congo , which would be Africa 's first .
[ IDLM967383 ]
Beijing 's municipal health bureau reported the second case in the Chinese capital , a 65 - year - old Chinese - American man who flew to Beijing from New York on Thursday .
STORING ANTIVIRALS
Japan said it would launch a $ 31.85 million project to fight the virus in poorer Asian states .
[ ID :nSP476538 ]
Under the initiative , Japan will store Roche AG's
ROG.VX
Tamiflu and GlaxoSmithKline's
GSK .L
Relenza flu drugs as well as masks and gowns , at a warehouse in Singapore in case of a major outbreak .
WHO officials say Asian nations , with young populations and endemic chronic illnesses , are particularly vulnerable to the spread of the new virus .
[ ID : nMAN91504 ]
Most of Japan 's 300 infections appear mild and officials relaxed preventive measures to allow some suspected patients to go to regular medical institutions rather than special " fever centres , " and schools will not be automatically shut down .
[ ID : nSP476538 ]
Robert Booy , who heads Sydney University 's immune research and surveillance centre , said more people than usual in Southern Hemisphere countries could become infected this winter and die from the new flu because of its novelty .
" Once you have enough virus out there , evolution is simple , " Booy said , adding that the H1N1 virus could change to the point that it could get " nasty . "
In Australia , where cases have spread across several states , the government raised its flu alert level to mid-range " containment , which gives it authority to close schools .
( Reporting by Reuters reporters worldwide ; writing by Andrew Roche and Maggie Fox ) )
There 's no shortage of press coverage on Iran .
Its ambitious nuclear programme combines with a steady flow of delusional commentary from President Ahmadinejad to ensure it a permanent presence on the international media stage .
What we rarely get to hear about in detail is the damage the Iranian ruling elite causes its own citizens on a daily basis .
Since the Islamic revolution , the 300,000 - strong Baha'i community has faced consistent discrimination in Iran .
They 've been the victims of extrajudicial killings and unexplained disappearances .
According to the community , 40 Baha 'is are currently being detained in prison for no other " crime " than practicing their own beliefs .
This number includes members of their national leadership .
Baha 'is are still banned from receiving higher education .
Although members of historical Christian minorities , such as Armenians , enjoy relative freedom in Iran , the story is different for those who have converted to Christianity from Islam .
Muslim converts to different faiths face intimidation , not only from their own families , but also from the Iranian authorities .
They are regularly threatened , assaulted and detained without charges , or even executed .
There are roughly 10,000 Christians from Muslim backgrounds in Iran and their experiences have not been very different to those of the Iranian Baha 'i community .
Their stories and cries for help regularly get ignored by the international community , despite the fact that the freedom to change religion is clearly enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Maryam Rostampour , 27 , and Marzieh Amirzadeh , 30 , are currently being held in the notorious Evin prison .
These women are both converts to Christianity from Islam , and have been imprisoned without charge since 5 March , when police officers searched their home .
Maryam and Marzieh suffered sleep deprivation as part of the police interrogation process and are now sharing a cell with 27 other women .
The women are known to be practicing Christians .
CSW 's research claims that there were more than 22 similar cases of apostates who were arrested and released during 2006 .
The story is usually the same .
The victims are released following hefty bail payments , but are never given the opportunity to challenge their illegal detention .
They are then left to patch up their lives and face the social stigma of being " apostates " in their communities .
Life in Iran may get even more challenging for " apostates " in the coming years .
Last October , the Iranian parliament voted in favour of a draft bill which would make the death penalty compulsory for all male apostates , while female apostates must live out their years in prison .
If this bill is passed it will jeopardise the future of all Baha 'is and Christian converts in Iran .
The bill was hardly mentioned in the international press .
In light of that , there was something deeply ironic about President Ahmadinejad standing at the UN 's recent conference on racism , unashamedly lecturing the world on human rights .
It is tragic to see the language of human rights manipulated in this way .
Whatever President Ahmadinejad may say , hundreds of thousands of Iranians are having their voices silenced and their dignity destroyed , even as I write .
By
Welcome to The Q Family Adventures !
If you 're new here , you may be interested in subscribing to my RSS feed .
Thank you for visiting !
Summer is the time for the fun in the water .
When I lived in Florida , pool time was all year round so I was n’t really appreciated it as much as when we moved here .
Everyone anticipate the opening of the pool and it was such a great way to kick off our summer .
But going to your little community pool everyday can be boring .
I start checking out other water parks around the area to spruce things up for our summer fun day with our kids .
Here is our short list of water parks we have visited or would like to visit in the near future around the Atlanta area .
1. Lake Lanier Islands
As part of the Lake Lanier Islands resort , the Chattahoochee Rapid and Water park is a favorite for Atlantans .
There are over a dozen rides and attractions for the whole family .
For family with little one , the kiddie pool will be your home based and you wo n’t be disappointed .
The park planed with parent in mind , the Wiggle Wave and Kiddie Lagoon are situated near the entrance and the beach area so parents and kids can enjoy the relaxing day on the white sandy beach .
For family with bigger kids , the fun has just begun .
There are waterslides , wave pool and water fun area for them to enjoy .
The price might be a bit on the high end but it ’s well worth the visit .
You can also make it a weekend vacation by checking in to one of their resort rooms at Legacy Lodge and Conference Center .
Park Info :
Ticket Price : Adult $ 25.99 Child $ 15.99
Location : 7000 Holiday Road , Lake Lanier Islands , GA 30518
Contact : 1-800-840-LAKE
Tips :
– Look out for discount coupon if you can visit on the weekdays .
– Buy the season ticket if you know that you will visit at least 2 or more times and the ticket will pay for itself .
2. Six Flags White Water
Boasted one of the top 10 best Water Parks in the US by travel channel .
We have yet to experience the Six Flags White Water in Atlanta .
There are over 50 rides for the whole family .
Before you head out there , check their website for height restriction so you will be able to see how many rides your kids will be able to enjoy .
Park Info :
Ticket Price : Adult ( online special ) $ 29.99 Child ( under 48 ″ ) $ 26.99 .
See sites for more update price
Location : 250 Cobb Parkway N # 100 , Marietta , GA 30062
Contact : 770-948-9290
Tips :
– If you can get a group of friends to have 15 tickets , you can get group rate for $ 23.02 .
– To avoid the crowd , try to visit during the weekdays in Summer .
– Start from the furthest ride in the park .
3. Bogan Aquatic Center
Gwinnett county knows their water parks .
There are several county parks that have great aquatic center that include indoor lap pool and indoor / outdoor leisure pool .
Bogan Aquatic Center is located in Buford near the Mall of Georgia .
When we went there , we were hooked .
For the price of $ 5 per adult and $ 3 per kid , you ca n’t beat this fun , family - friendly water park .
The indoor leisure pool is perfect for the whole family .
There is a big slide to the lazy river for big kids and adults .
There is a water playground in the beach entry for little one .
The picnic tables are availabe outdoor next to the pool so you can plan your picnic for a full fun day at this water park .
Park Info :
Ticket Price : Adult $ 5 , Child ( 4 - 10 ) $ 4 , Child ( 3 and under ) $ 2
Location : 2723 North Bogan Road , Buford 30519
Contact : 770-614-2063
Tips :
– Pack a snack in a cooler so you can take a break and save money from buying at the vending machine .
4. Sun Valley Beach
One of a few beach in Atlanta area with slides and kiddie play area .
I ca n’t give my personal view on this one since we have n’t visited this place yet .
But from the website and other reviews , it seems to be a great family day out .
Do n’t expect the same types of rides as in Six Flags but I guess the stretch of white sand beach might compensate the lack of other cool attraction .
Park Info :
Ticket Price : Adult $ 17.95 , Child ( 2 - 11 ) $ 14.95 , Child ( 2 and under ) FREE
Location : 5350 Holloman Road , Powder Springs , GA 30127
Contact : 770-943-5900
Tips :
– Get there early so you can get good spot for your stuff .
– Bring cheap water toys that you wo n’t mind loosing .
With lot of people and kids , things can be misplaced .
5. Bethesda Park Aquatic Center
Another great water park from Gwinnett county and this one seems to be the biggest one of all .
I have never been there but I ’m sure there wo n’t be shortage of fun .
This family - friendly water park features indoor lap pool and indoor leisure play pool .
The leisure play pool includes beach entry that perfect for little baby or toddler , the river channel , hydrotherapy benches that will be perfect for mommy and daddy after a long day chasing after our kids , water play struction , vortex and ceiling spray .
Park Info :
Ticket Price : Adult $ 5 , Child ( 4 - 10 ) $ 4 , Child ( 3 and under ) $ 2
Location : 225 Bethesda Church Road , Lawrenceville 30044
Contact : 678-924-6334
Tips :
– Pack a snack in a cooler so you can take a break and save money from buying at the vending machine .
MOSCOW 
The global recession sapped demand for all kinds of commodities  like steel and grain  yet small burlap bags are still arriving by the planeload at Russia ’s state - owned diamond company .
Each day , the contents of the bags spill into the stainless steel hoppers of the receiving room .
The diamonds are washed and sorted by size , clarity , shape and quality ; then , rather than being sent to be sold around the world , they are wrapped in paper and whisked away to a vault  about three million carats worth of gems every month .
“ Each one of them is so unusual , ” said Irina V. Tkachuk , one of the few hundred people , mostly women , employed to sort the diamonds , who sees thousands of them every day .
“ I ’m not a robot .
I sometimes think to myself ‘ wow , what a pretty diamond .
I would like that one . ’
They are all so beautiful . ”
Congratulations !
At this point you have wort ( pronounced wert ) .
Wort is simply unfermented beer .
Quicker is better when it comes to cooling .
One method for cooling is to create a cold water bath in the sink to partially submerse the brew pot in .
Adding ice to the bath will help accelerate the cooling process .
Gently swirl the brew pot in the cold bath water .
Once the sides of the brew pot become cool to the touch you 're ready for the next step but first a word on sanitation .
Sanitation is very important in brewing .
Anything that comes in contact with your cooled wort must be sanitized else you run the risk of undesireable critters living and multiplying in the wort only to contribute nasty unintended flavors in your beer .
You 've sanitized your strainer in the boil , right ?
Your fermentation bottle is sanitary because you just opened it and capped it after using water from it , right ?
Your funnel and anything else to come in contact with the wort can be sanitized by soaking in a solution of 1 tablespoon of bleach per gallon of water for 30 minutes .
Hier sind die Fragen :
1. Wie ist Ihre Einschätzung der chinesischen Pläne ?
Wir proklamieren schon lange , dass Filtern der Realität beim Einzelnen oder gar nicht stattzufinden hat .
Wenn jemand nicht in die Zeitung gucken möchte , steht ihm das frei .
Wenn jemand sein Internet mit dieser Software filtern möchte , ist das auch OK .
Solange der Einzelne über die Verwendung der Software entscheidet , haben wir keine prinzipiellen Einwände .
Wenn die Regierung sich aber anmaßt , das für die Bürger entscheiden zu wollen , dann ist das ein grundsätzlicher Eingriff in die Rezipientenfreiheit und wie die anderen klassischen Merkmale von Diktaturen aufs Schärfste zu verurteilen .
In Deutschland kennen wir das z.B. aus der NS - Zeit ( in den 30 Jahren wurde im Rundfunk die Ausstrahlung von " Nigger - Jazz " verboten , und später gab es dann ein generelles " Feindsenderverbot " ) und der DDR ( wo der Empfang von Westsender teilweise unter Strafe stand ) .
Die DDR hat sogar Mittelwellen - Störsender betrieben , um den Empfang von unerwünschten Inhalten zu verhindern .
Konzeptionell genau das selbe ist auch die Internetzensur - Infrastruktur , deren Betrieb durch das BKA gerade in Deutschland unter dem Vorwand der Verfolgung von kinderpornographischen Inhalten diskutiert wird .
2 . Im Hinblick auf das Bestreben kinderpornographische Inhalte aus dem Internet zurück zu drängen , wäre dies auch ein möglicher Ansatz für Deutschland ?
Wenn die Installation dieser chinesischen Filtersoftware Pflicht ist , haben wir das selbe Ergebnis wie die zentrale Internet - Zensur , mit der unsere Regierung ja gerade in Online - Umfragen Schiffbruch erleidet .
Das ist ein Eingriff in die Rezipientenfreiheit und jedes demokratischen Rechtsstaates unwürdig .
Die selben Politiker , die das jetzt fordern , haben vor einem Jahr anläßlich der olympischen Spiele in China entrüstet die Internetzensur international ächten wollen und sie haben sogar über Zensurumgehungs - Hilfsprogramme für die armen Zensuropfer in China nachgedacht .
[ Quelle 1 , Quelle 2 ]
Heute müssen sich die selben Herren von China ins Gesicht sagen lassen , dass unsere Zensur ja genau das selbe sei wie deren Zensur , und das stimmt !
China sperrt ja nicht willkürlich irgendwelche Seiten , sondern die haben genau wie wir Gesetze , nach denen diese Seiten illegal sind .
Die Chinesen sperren illegale Seiten , und wir sperren illegale Seiten .
Inhaltlich ist das in der
Tat genau das selbe .
Die ganze
Sache ist so peinlich , dass die Chinesen so erfolgreich das Thema Internet - Zensur von der Agenda des Internet Governance Forums gekriegt haben .
Und wenn die Installation der Filtersoftware nicht Pflicht ist , dann bringt sie auch nichts .
Kinderpornographische
Inhalte laufen einem ja nicht zufällig beim Klicken über den
Weg , da muss man explizit nach suchen , und man muss auch wissen , wo man suchen muss .
Wer Kinderpornographie im Internet konsumiert , der tut das absichtlich und vorsätzlich .
So jemand würde natürlich auch diese Software abschalten .
3. Falls nicht , welche Vorschläge haben Sie für diesen Bereich ?
Das häufig vorgebrachte Argument , man käme im Ausland an die Server nicht heran , hält einer genaueren Betrachtung nicht stand .
Denn die Hochtechnologie - Länder , die ausreichend Internet - Anbindung haben , um dort Server - Hosting ( auch für legale Inhalte ) überhaupt stabil und bezahlbar anbieten zu können , das sind eben keine Bananenrepubliken und korrupten Drittweltstaaten .
In diesen Ländern sind solche Inhalte auch verboten , dort gibt es eine Polizei und eine Strafverfolgung , und dort kann man sich auch darauf verlassen , dass der Staat bei einer eingehenden Anzeige tätig wird .
Untersuchungen zeigen , dass nur ein verschwindend geringer Anteil von solchen Inhalten auf Servern außerhalb der USA und der EU liegen , und sogar ein Land wie Russland ist inzwischen soweit , dass ein Server mit solchen Inhalten nach einem Hinweis aus Deutschland innerhalb von 1 - 3 Tagen vom Netz ist .
Zum Vergleich : der Verwaltungsakt innerhalb der Polizei und Strafverfolgung , bis eine Anzeige auf dem geordneten Dienstweg über Ländergrenzen transportiert wird , liegt im Bereich von einem Monat aufwärts .
Aus unserer
Sicht ist es daher unredlich , hier überhaupt so zu tun , als gäbe es gesetzgeberischen Handlungsbedarf .
Was wir brauchen ist mehr Druck auf die zuständigen Behörden im In- und Ausland , damit die im Zweifelsfall auch ohne Verzug tätig werden .
4. Welche Folgen hätte eine solche Maßnahme im Bereich des " freien Internets " ?
Im Detail unterscheiden sich zwar die Ansichten , welche Inhalte genau verboten sind ( so ist Holocaust - Leugnen z.B. bei uns verboten , aber nicht in den USA ) , aber letztlich gibt es in jedem Land verbotene Inhalte .
Wenn man solche Inhalte dort im Internet ( oder außerhalb des Internets auf offener Straße ) anbietet , dann kommt die Polizei und unterbindet das .
Die Stellen , bei denen sich die
Welt nicht einig ist , erzeugen natürlich Reibung , können aber auch eine Gelegenheit für wichtige Diskussionen sein .
So gibt es z.B. regional unterschiedliche Auffassungen , ob das Verbot von Zeichnungen oder textuellen Beschreibungen von Sex mit Kindern tatsächlich Kinder schützt und daher verboten werden muss .
In den USA fielen solche Texte unter freie Meinungsäußerung .
Bei uns sind ja sogar pornographische Darstellungen von jugendlich aussehenden Erwachsenen unter Strafe gestellt , das kann man in vielen anderen Ländern nicht nachvollziehen .
5. Welche Folgen sehen sie für andere Bereiche , wie bsp . für die freie Meinungsäußerung ?
Letztlich ist aber die ganze Kinderpornographiedebatte nur eine Scheindebatte zu Wahlkampfzwecken , weil nur von ca einem Prozent der Missbrauchsfälle überhaupt Fotos oder Filme hergestellt werden .
Selbst wenn wir das also zu 100 % austrocknen und die Täter alle dingfest machen , dann haben wir immer noch 99 % der mißbrauchten Kindern nicht geholfen .
Das muss man sich bei der Bewertung der Vorschläge immer vor Augen halten .
Wenn es hier also tatsächlich darum geht , den Missbrauch von Kindern zu verhindern , ist das Internet nicht der Tatort , an dem wir kämpfen müssen .
Die Kriminalstatistik zeigt , dass es 2007 12.772
Fälle von Kindesmißbrauch gab , aber nur 103 davon zur Herstellung und Verbreitung von pornographischen Schriften .
Die Anzahl der Fälle ist seit Jahren fallend , die Aufklärungsquote ist gleichzeitig stetig gestiegen und liegt 2007 bei 89 % .
Die Polizei ist also auf dem richtigen Weg .
Unsere Steuermittel sollten in die Polizeiarbeit fließen , in Hilfe für Pädophile , damit sie nicht zu Tätern werden , in Hilfe für Missbrauchsopfer , und in Aufklärungskampagnen , damit Familienmitglieder die Zeichen erkennen und handeln können .
Abgesehen davon : wir haben es bei den diskutierten technischen Zensurmitteln im Internet mit einer Einschränkung der Rezipientenfreiheit zu tun , und nicht mit einer Einschränkung der Meinungsäußerung .
Es wird ja gerade nicht verhindert , dass die Bilder angefertigt und ins Internet gestellt werden , nur dass der Durchschnittsbürger sie dort angucken kann ( und es ist nicht einmal klar , ob dieses Ziel erreicht würde ) .
Das hilft weder dem Kind noch wird der Täter so gefasst und an weiteren Missbrauchsdelikten gehindern .
Die freie Meinungsäußerung ist ein hohes Gut , das in Deutschland viel zu gering geschätzt wird ( wir haben z.B. keinen Whistleblower - Schutz ) , aber in diesem Fall geht es nicht um die Meinungsäußerung sondern um Rezipientenfreiheit .
This is a guide on how to encode audio / video in which you will find some tips & tricks for using FFmpeg and other tools .
Video Size and Aspect Ratio
i Phone :
Name Size Aspect Wide 16:9 480x270 4:3 Old TV 4:3 427x320 16:9 Wide 16:9 /16 480x272 480:272 Old TV 4:3 /16 432x320 432:320
DV NTSC video
Name Size Aspect Wide 16:9 720x480 16:9 Old TV 4:3 720x480 4:3
Upload to Youtube and Vimeo
gym tower and so we always made sure someone was sitting in front of the penis while we harmonized .
God does not like the dick .
Geoff was our ringleader .
He lead a weekly bible study that , while always incorporating different bible verses , pretty much always boiled down to the same message : “ How to control your sexual urges . ”
Occasionally , some of us bible - study - groupers would pair off in our free time and practice .
Throughout high school , Geoff came up with all sorts of activities to protect us all from “ The Three Ds ” ( Drinking , Drugs , & Dark Corners . )
In addition to playground sit -n - sings , we had movie marathons , potluck dinners , bonfires and dance - offs .
Our Friday nights were filled with games of Ultimate Frisbee or Car Tag , a sport where Geoff would borrow his parent ’s minivan and drive around the Barnes and Noble parking lot with the door open as the rest of us tried to run and dive into the open door .
No one ever died , and we thanked God for that .
Geoff and I drifted apart a bit in high school , when I started dating his arch - nemesis , Jake .
Geoff often jokingly referred to him as “ the anti-christ , ” which I thought was silly .
Jake was the youth leader at another church in town and , even though they did n’t have a building and had to meet at the high school , he was totally not the devil .
Jake also sold pot and cheated on me with JAMIE KELLY ( hell no I did n’t change your name , bitch ) , but I did n’t listen to Geoff ’s protestations .
I was in love .
And , in retrospect , a huuuge prude .
My mom always said Geoff was in love with me , but she was wrong .
Last week I was in New York for work , and I made plans to meet up with Geoff , who I had n’t even seen since high school .
Before we met at a SoHo bar , I warned my co-workers that Geoff was a bit of a religious fanatic .
I imposed a three - drink limit , dug out a turtleneck , and begged them not to respond to any questions regarding my current church attendance or battles with lust .
But , as it turns out , I had nothing to worry about .
Turns out that Geoff is now an atheist .
And a woman .
Funny how that worked out .
Linux - mm.org is a wiki for documenting how memory management works and for coordinating new memory management development projects .
Please help editing this wiki .
Thank you .
Documentation
LinuxMMDocumentation contains information on how to tweak the Linux kernel memory management subsystem .
LinuxMMInternals explains how some of the Linux kernel memory management works .
Community
To subscribe to the linux - mm mailing list , email majordomo@kvack.org and tell it you want to " subscribe linux - mm " .
If you like IRC , you can join us on irc.oftc.net in #mm .
You can also discuss things on the Kernelnewbies Memory Management web forum .
Projects
Some of the more active current Linux memory management projects are :
CompressedCaching - Reduce I/ O by keeping more data in memory .
AdvancedPageReplacement
The time needed to swap a single program into memory is ever increasing , so page replacement is becoming more and more important .
NetworkStorageDeadlock - storage over network has a deadlock problem , where it can take memory to free memory .
PageTrace - a kernel patch and tool to analyze memory access patterns .
HugePages - Improving the availability and usability of huge pages
Superpages - Port of Rice University 's Superpages to Linux ( 2.6 kernel ) .
Site News
2006 -04-09 , thanks to Maureen Duffy , Linux - MM now has a cute logo .
Thank you , Maureen .
About wiki
A Wiki is a collaborative site , anyone can contribute and share :
The best books … are those that tell you what you know already .
– George Orwell
If you Google the word “ Google , ” you get 2,650,000,000 results .
If you Google “ Google , monopoly , ” 3,210,000 items are returned .
If you Google “ Google , Orwellian nightmare , digital apocalypse , corporate intellectual engineering , ” the harvest is much more limited ; only 1,280 matches appear .
These results , the product of complicated algorithms , exist for one reason : Google allows them to .
The moment it decides this information is either irrelevant or unsavory , it can easily be buried deep into the black hole of cyberspace where no one – not even an errant bottom - feeder – can find it .
Of course , the folks at Google do n’t do this ; it ’s not their business plan .
What they want , at the moment , is to acquire more information , not bury it .
But imagine a future in which all information is stored , displayed , filtered and produced by one source : Google .
Imagine a future in which print books cease to exist – it ’s likely on the horizon – and every piece of literature from Plato ’s “ The Republic ” to your calculus textbook exists in a digital format with one monolithic gatekeeper .
Imagine typing in a search query for Ray Bradbury ’s “ Fahrenheit 451 ” and getting back a list of books about baking turkeys ; the novel is gone , vanished .
Yes , I am being sensational .
True , there is little evidence Google has such pernicious motives , but one part of this doomsday scenario is not only feasible , it ’s happening now .
A $ 125 - million settlement of a class - action lawsuit filed on behalf of the copyright holders of millions of books may provide Google exclusive digital rights to most of the books in the world .
The lawsuit is a result of Google ’s Book Search Project , for which the company has scanned and digitized more than 7 million books in the last five years .
Google has been digitizing and making available for download all books not under U.S. copyright law .
It also scans and shows snippets – up to 20 percent – of copyrighted books , under the protection of the Fair Use doctrine .
Google ’s intention , according to its mission statement , is to “ organize the world ’s information and make it universally accessible and useful . ”
However , being able to publish snippets of books in search results also creates revenue , which is why a consortium of authors and publishers sued Google in 2005 demanding a share of the profits .
What happened next was a bit of legal maneuvering so sly it would have blown Perry Mason ’s mind .
When Google sat down at the negotiating table with publishers , it was ready and willing to pony up a bundle of cash to keep its digital library growing .
However , what it wanted in return was an explicit license to digitize and sell “ orphan books , ” which are out - of - print copyrighted works with no findable heir or owner .
By some estimates , these books make up about 70 percent of books in print , and there ’s no precedent for whom their digital rights should belong to .
By wresting control of orphan books into perpetuity , Google essentially turned the concept of a class - action lawsuit inside out .
In addition , it inserted a “ most favored nation ” clause in the settlement , which would prevent publishers from offering better terms on non-orphan books to Google ’s future competitors .
The ramifications are chilling .
Brewster Kahle , founder of the non-profit Internet library Archive.org , said future libraries may be nothing more than “ subscribers to a few monopoly corporations ’ databases . ”
Even more worrisome will be Google ’s ability to alter the availability and popularity of literature via its search rank .
If Google does n’t like a book , it will be able to effectively purge it by making it unsearchable .
The cherry on top is that Google will have a comprehensive database of the reading lists of all Americans that will be searchable by any topic .
Wow , I wonder who might be interested in that ?
The only good news is that the settlement has yet to be approved , and a public comment period during which objections can be heard has just been extended .
Consumer groups , publishers and even Microsoft have stated their opposition to the settlement .
More importantly , it appears the Department of Justice is considering filing an anti-trust grievance against Google .
It should .
There has been much speculation on how the Obama administration would deal with Google – who tussled with the Bush DOJ on numerous occasions – as Google ’s chief executive Eric Schmidt was previously an informal technology advisor to the president .
The administration needs to quell any speculation of favorable treatment by intervening now .
America ’s most powerful corporation having a virtual monopoly on digital books is n’t just bad news ; it ’s cataclysmic .
If anyone should be conscious of the awesome power of the world ’s biggest search engine , it ’s President Obama .
His name returns 103 million results .
This article was printed in the Oregon Daily Emerald on May 4 .
Props to Patrick Finny for the illustration .
Obama Apologizes for Calling His Bad Bowling ' Like the Special Olympics ' Tim Shriver tells " GMA " the president apologized " in a way that was very moving "
March 20 , 2009  --
His controversial joke had n't even aired yet when President Obama got on the phone from Air Force One Thursday night to apologize for comparing his notoriously bad bowling skills to the Special Olympics .
" He expressed his disappointment and he apologized , I think , in a way that was very moving , " Tim Shriver , the chairman of the Special Olympics board , told " Good Morning America " today .
" He expressed that he did not intend to humiliate this population , certainly did n't want to embarrass or give anybody any more reason for pain or just suffering , I would say , " said Shriver , who received the call from Obama as the president was flying back to Washington .
" He was very sincere , expressed an interest and an openness in being more engaged in the movement , and said he was a fan of the movement and I think , importantly , he said he was ready to have some of our athletes over to the White House to bowl or play basketball or help him improve his score . "
Obama : ' It 's Like the Special Olympics '
It began with the president joking about how bad a bowler he is .
Toward the end of his approximately 40 - minute taping on the " The Tonight Show With Jay Leno , " Obama talked about how he'd gotten better at bowling and had been practicing in the White House bowling alley .
" I bowled a 129 , " he told Leno .
" That 's very good , Mr. President , " Leno said sarcastically .
But then came the foot - in - mouth moment : " It 's like the Special Olympics or something , " the president said .
Shriver told " GMA " that these moments can worsen the stereotypes of people with special needs .
" I think it 's important to see that words hurt , and words do matter -- and these words can , in some way , be seen as humiliating or [ a ] put - down to people with special needs , " he said .
" [ They ] do cause pain , and they do result in stereotypes , and they do result in behavior that 's neglectful and almost [ an ] oppressive moment of people with special needs .
" This kind of language needs to be a teachable moment for our country , I think , " he added .
" I would hope every parent that 's at home this morning watching this show could turn to their children and say , ' This is a chance for us to recognize that when we talk about Special Olympics , when we talk about people with special needs .
Let 's make sure we talk about it in an affirming way , ' " he said .
Palin Criticizes , Schwarzenegger Defends Obama
Critics seized on the moment to assail the president , with former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin saying she was " shocked " to learn of the comment .
" This was a degrading remark about our world 's most precious and unique people coming from the most powerful position in the world , " said Palin , who has a son with Down Syndrome .
" I hope President Obama 's comments do not reflect how he truly feels about the special needs community . "
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger defended the president , saying everyone makes mistakes .
" I did n't see it , " said the California Republican .
" But I heard about it and I know because of conversations I had with the president about the Special Olympics , and I 'm an international coach of the Special Olympics , I know where his heart is at .
He loves the Special Olympics and he would do everything he can to help the Special Olympics .
And every one of us sometimes makes a mistake by something comes out of your mouth and you say ' Oops I wish I would n't have said that . '
I 've had many of those . "
Tim Shriver , who is the brother of Schwarzenegger 's wife , Maria Shriver , said there is someone who might be able to help the president with his bowling : A Special Olympian in the Detroit area who has bowled three perfect games .
Haunted by AIG
The president called even before the show had aired , knowing that his words could open a controversy on a whole new front .
The White House released a statement shortly after the gaffe Thursday night to clarify the president 's comments and said Obama did not mean to offend .
" The president made an off - hand remark making fun of his own bowling that was in no way intended to disparage the Special Olympics .
He thinks the Special Olympics is a wonderful program that gives an opportunity for people with disabilities from around the world , " said White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton .
The Special Olympics was n't the only controversy to dog Obama on his West Coast trip .
Despite being 3,000 miles away from the center of the AIG controversy , the president could not escape the heat coming from the furor over fat bonuses paid to executives of the bailed - out insurance giant .
" Stunned .
Stunned is the word , " said the president on his two - day campaign - style swing through California .
" The immediate bonuses that went to AIG are a problem , but the larger problem is we got to get back to an attitude where people know enough is enough , " Obama said .
" And people have a sense of responsibility and they understand their actions are going to have an impact on everybody . "
He also touted his $ 3.6 trillion budget and advised Congress to find a permanent fix so that such scandals are avoidable in the future .
" I understand Congress ' frustrations , and they 're responding to , I think , everybody 's anger .
But I think that the best way to handle this is to make sure that you 've closed the door before the horse gets out of the barn .
And what happened here was the money has already gone out and people are scrambling to try to find ways to get back at them , " he said .
Before his Special Olympics crack , the president was criticized for being in California for an entertainment show and not minding the store .
" He flies off to Los Angeles to be on the ' Jay Leno ' show .
My suggestion is he come back , since he's taken the full responsibility " for the AIG controversy , " to get his people together and say , ' All right , I want to know exactly what happened and who did what when and how are we going to prevent this from ever happening the future , ' " said Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl , R - Ariz .
Others said Obama 's moves are a distraction from the bigger issues facing the country .
" I think the other thing that 's critically important here is that they 've been , in a week -- for a week now -- in the midst of a total distraction , " former White House press secretary Dana Perino said on " Good Morning America " today .
" And every day they 're talking about AIG , now they 're going to be talking about the Special Olympics today , means it 's another day they 're not able to advance their message on health care reform or education reform or energy reform .
And they 've given the Republicans a real opportunity here . "
But his supporters said it 's too early to cast daggers at the administration , which has barely been in the White House for two months .
" There 's many distractions out there , and some of them are caused by themselves .
But , you know , by and large , given the job they have ahead of them , and as young as this administration is , I think they 're doing quite well , " said Democratic strategist James Carville on " Good Morning America . "
" Give the guy some credit .
They 've pushed a lot of stuff out there real early , and they 're getting up early and working late . "
In Washington , Everybody Is Simon Cowell
The president tried to laugh off the criticism when he was with Leno .
" I do think in Washington it 's a little bit like ' American Idol , ' except everybody is Simon Cowell , " Obama said .
Critics also took a swing at the president for filling out his NCAA picks on ESPN .
" The AIG bonuses make the president subject to the charge that he 's living above the store but he's not minding it , " said Sen. Lamar Alexander , R - Tenn .
" He 's even found time to fill out his NCAA basketball brackets , which is a healthy thing to do in my opinion . "
They seized on comments made by Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski , who jokingly pretended to be perturbed by the president picking rival North Carolina to go all the way and not tapping Duke to even make it to the Final Four .
" Somebody said that we 're not in President Obama 's Final Four , " Krzyzewski said from the Blue Devils ' first - round site in Greensboro , N.C.
" And as much as I respect what he 's doing , really , the economy is something that he should focus on , probably more than the brackets . "
What Republicans did not quote was Coach K's follow - up comment : " Why would I care about that ?
I love the guy and I think he 's going to be great . "
Obama replied to the joking jab on " Leno , " saying his right - hand man Reggie Love -- who played basketball and football for Duke -- gave him a hard time about the picks .
" I got a hard time from Reggie , because he played at Duke , and you know , Coach K , being competitive , I think was a little -- you know , pushed back a little bit today .
And I understand that .
That 's what you want .
You want everybody to be competitive .
I think these are all great teams , " he told Leno .
The White House says these other issues being raised are just noise and what the president will continue to push is his agenda to fix the economy .
( CNN ) -- North Korea is warning the world to stay out of part of its eastern waters for 16 days , starting Thursday , saying it will hold a military drill , Japanese officials said .
North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il , center , as seen at Wonsan University of Agriculture in an undated photo
North Korea 's hydrographic department e-mailed Japan 's coast guard Monday , according to coast guard spokesman Shinya Suzuki .
Japan monitors that part of the region 's waters .
North Korea plans to hold military shooting practice in the waters northeast of Wonsan , on the country 's eastern coast , from June 25 to July 10 , according to the e-mail , Suzuki said .
The reclusive communist nation did not specify consequences of ships entering those waters during the drill , but the dates fall within the timeframe cited by Japanese media last week for a possible North Korea missile launch toward Hawaii .
The North issued a similar notice before it tested a long - range rocket in April .
Watch U.S. President Barack Obama address North Korean threats »
Since the April 5 launch , Pyongyang has considered almost any opposition a " declaration of war , " including U.N. Security Council sanctions and participation in the U.S. - led Proliferation Security Initiative .
Within two weeks of the launch , the Security Council adopted a declaration condemning North Korea for the move .
The North Korean Foreign Ministry said the condemnation infringed on the nation 's sovereignty and amounted to a declaration of confrontation and war .
Meanwhile , the U.S. military is tracking a North Korean ship in the Pacific that is believed to be carrying illicit weapons or technology , a senior U.S. official said Thursday .
The U.N. Security Council passed a resolution June 12 calling on all states to inspect vessels suspected of containing contraband .
If a ship refuses , it is to proceed to the closest port for a mandatory inspection .
Tension has been rising with North Korea , which in May conducted a nuclear test , fired test rockets and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters .
Also in late May , two U.S. Defense Department officials said U.S. satellite imagery spotted " vehicle activity " at a North Korean ballistic missile facility .
The officials said the images showed vehicles used to transport Taepodong - 2 missiles but no missile parts .
The Taepodong - 2 is a long - range missile that North Korea tested in April .
That test showed a significant improvement in range from North Korea 's initial long - range missile test in 2006 .
Further aggravating tensions are North Korea 's arrest , conviction and sentencing of two American journalists , Euna Lee and Laura Ling .
The Current TV journalists were apprehended near the country 's border with China and accused of plotting a smear campaign against North Korea .
Lee and Ling were sentenced to 12 years in a labor camp .
CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .
All About North Korea • Nuclear Weapons • Kim Jong-il • Japan
In this tutorial , we 'll be creating a poster with a strong geometric central design , which utilizes flowing blends , masks shapes , and subtle gradients , to create a sophisticated final work .
Learn each detailed step in creating this poster .
Let 's get started !
Step 1
First , we 'll prepare the document and swatches .
Create a new US Letter sized document using RGB mode ( located under the Advanced options ) .
I have five color swatches prepared in my Swatch palette to be used for my illustration :
Bright Green : R=199 , G=255 , B=0
Blue : R=121 , G=255 , B=255
Hot Pink : R=255 , G=0 , B=139
Orange : R=255 , G=147 , B=0
Dark Grey : R=50 , G=53 , B=56
Step 2
Now let 's create a 4xU shaped icon .
Select the Ellipse Tool and draw a circle ( around the size of 3.8 inch ) .
Give the circle a stroke of 96 pt , and apply the bright green swatch as a stroke color .
Give the circle no fill .
Step 3
Grab the Direct Selection Tool ( white arrow ) and select the bottom anchor point of the circle .
Hit the Delete key to delete the bottom half of the circle .
Step 4
Turn on Smart Guides ( View > Smart Guides or Command + U ) . Select the Pen Tool and and click
On the left anchor point of the circle to continue the path segment .
Hold down the Shift key and click again somewhere further down below as shown in the image below .
Hold down the Command key and click on the white background of your canvas to end this path .
Now click in the other anchor point of the circle , hold down Shift and click again further down below on the same height of the other line you 've just drawn .
With Smart Guides turned on you should see an intersection of two guides .
Step 5
Grab the Selection Tool and use it to select the entire object .
Go to Object > Expand .
Make sure Fill and Stroke are checked .
Click OK .
Step 6
Select the Rectangle Tool and drag a square around the object , starting at the Smart Guides ' intersection point in the top - left corner as shown .
Step 7
Hold down the Shift key and drag diagonally , from the top - left to the bottom - right , to draw a square .
Step 8
Select both objects using the Selection Tool and go to the Pathfinder palette ( to reveal this palette , go to Window > Pathfinder or hit Command +
Shift + F9 ) and choose the Intersect option .
Step 9
You should end up with this result ( see image below ) .
Step 10
Now comes a bit of a tricky part ...
The red dot ( shown in the image below ) will be our rotation point for the next step .
Drag guides to help you define this position .
Start by dragging two horizontal and two vertical guides so you en up with four intersections that form a square as shown .
Draw this square on top of the guides using the Rectangle Tool , while holding down the Shift key .
With the square still selected , drag another vertical guide onto the center point of the square .
Now delete the square .
The intersection point of this vertical guide where it meets the bottom horizontal guide is your rotation point .
Step 11
Select the Rotate Tool , hold down the Option key and click precisely on the intersection point .
In the Rotate dialogue box enter the value of 90 degrees and click Copy .
Now hit Command + D ( Object > Transform > Transform Again ) two times in a row to repeat this action twice .
Give each object a different color fill , applying the swatches you 've prepared at the beginning of this tutorial : blue , hot pink , and orange .
Step 12
Select all four object using the Selection Tool .
Go to the Transparency palette ( to reveal this palette , go to Window > Transparency or hit Command +
Shift + F10 ) and select Darken from the dropdown menu .
Group the four objects ( go to Object > Group or simply hit Command + G ) .
Step 13
Drag two horizontal and two vertical guides as shown in the image below .
The four intersection points should result in a square .
Step 14
Select the Ellipse Tool and draw a circle .
Click in the top left intersection point and drag towards the bottom right intersection point while holding down the Shift key .
Give the circle a thin white border and no fill .
Step 15
Draw a small circle on top of this circle starting from the center point out as shown .
Again , hold down the Shift key while you drag .
Step 16
Stop dragging and release the mouse exactly at the four intersection points as shown .
Select both circles and turn them into a compound path .
Go to Object > Compound Path >
Make , or simply hit Command + 8 .
You do n't actually see the result of this since the circles do n't have a fill , but if you give the object a fill , you 'll see that you 've created a hole and that you now have a ring shape .
We 'll be applying this shape as a mask .
Step 17
Select both the grouped object and the ring shape and go to Object > Clipping Mask >
Make , or simply hit Command +
7 . Give the layer a name , something like " 4xU " for example .
Step 18
Create a new layer in the Layers palette by clicking the Create New Layer icon at the bottom of the palette ( to reveal this palette go to Window > Layers or hit F7 ) .
Make sure the new layer sits below the layer holding the four objects .
Drag the layer below it .
Now click the triangle in the " 4xU " layer to reveal all sublayers .
Click the circle shaped target icon on the right of the sublayer that is called " Compound Path " to select all the objects of this sublayer .
Hold down the Alt key while dragging the content of this sublayer onto the new layer below it .
Holding down the Alt key duplicates the content while dragging , which is what we need .
Remember , we 've applied a Darken transparency mode to our " 4xU " object .
This means that as soon as we move this object onto a dark background , the colors will change ; the effect and outcome will be totally different .
To make sure we maintain this exact result , we need to add a white background below this object .
Step 19
Give the layer a name of " white background " and add a new layer below .
Call this layer " background . "
Select the Rectangle Tool and draw a rectangle that matches the document 's size .
Give the rectangle a dark fill by using our dark gray swatch ( R=50 , G=53 , and B=565 ) .
Now select the " 4xU " object and the " white background . "
In the toolbar at the top ( to reveal this , go to Window > Control ) , select Align To Artboard from the dropdown menu ( left to the align option ) .
Select the Horizontally Align Center option and then the Vertically Align Center option from the align options in the toolbar .
Step 20
Now when you zoom in very big , you 'll notice some irregularities .
To hide these , we 'll add a circle that matches our shape and give it a 1pt stroke , the same color as the background .
Step 21
Select the Ellipse Tool and find the intersection point using Smart Guides ( Command + U to switch Smart Guides on and off ) as shown .
Step 22
With Smart Guides turned on it should be easy to draw a circle that matches our ring shape .
Do n't forget to hold down the Shift key while dragging .
Step 23
Now let 's create smoky lines using the Blend Tool .
Create a new layer that resides right above the background layer .
Select the Pen Tool and draw a very curvy upwards line as shown .
Give the line a 0.5 pt stroke that is the same color as our background .
Go to the Transparency palette and give the line 0 Opacity .
Step 24
Draw a second curvy line and make sure you intersect the previous line twice .
Give the line a 0.5 pt stroke using a gray of R=1154 , G=116 , and B=119 .
Step 25
Select both lines using the Selection Tool .
Select the Blend Tool from the toolbox and click once on an anchor point of one of the lines , now hold down the Alt key and click on one of the anchor points of the other line close by as shown .
In the Blend options dialogue box , choose Specified Steps from the dropdown menu , choose Align To Path ( second option ) as orientation , and enter a value of 200 steps .
Step 26
You should get a result as shown in the image below .
Step 27
Select this smoky blend object and grab the Rotate Tool in the toolbox .
Click somewhere in the " 4xU " ring , hold down
Alt key so you duplicate the object while you drag as shown in the image below to rotate the object .
Step 28
Select this new duplicated object and copy and paste it .
Move it towards the top of the page .
Grab the Reflect Tool and mirror the object horizontally .
Grab the Direct Selection Tool , select an anchor point on one of the lines .
Drag the bezier handles to modify the curve so you 'll end up with a different smoky line to make things look more random .
Repeat this step if needed one more time until you have some nice smoky effect .
Step 29
Now we 'll work on applying some finishing touches , using the opacity masking technique .
Let 's make a glowing circle .
This finishing touch uses some more advanced techniques and also requires version CS4 .
Create a new layer below the " white background " layer and call it " glowing circle . "
Select the Ellipse Tool and draw a circle ( holding down the Shift key while dragging ) that is slightly bigger than the " 4xU " ring object .
Make sure the circle is perfectly center aligned with the " 4xU " icon .
Turn off visibility of the " 4xU " layer and " white background " layer ( eye icon ) for now .
Fill the circle with a radial gradient going from white with 15 % Opacity to the color of our background with 0 % Opacity at a location of 80.68 , as shown in the image below .
Step 30
Select the Ellipse Tool again and draw a circle on top of this circle .
Give the circle a default white to black radial gradient .
Click the Reverse Gradient option in the Gradient palette ( to reveal this palette , go to Window > Gradient or hit Command + F9 ) so you end up with black in the center of the circle going to white .
Now select both circles and go to the Transparency palette ( to reveal this palette , go to Window > Transparency or hit Command + Shift + F10 ) .
Select Make Opacity
Mask from the palette 's dropdown menu ( arrow on the top - right of the palette ) .
Click the mask icon in the Transparency palette ( on the right of the link icon ) .
Select the Gradient Tool from the toolbox and adjust the location of the Gradient Slider as shown .
Step 31
Now we 'll create a subtle spirograph background effect .
Create a new layer right above the " glowing circle " layer .
Select the Ellipse Tool and draw a very big circle almost double the size of the " 4xU " object ( holding down the Shift key while dragging ) .
Give the circle a radial gradient fill going from a light blue ( R=122 , G=232 , and B=255 ) to the color of our background ( R=50 , G=53 , and B=56 ) .
Go to the Transparency palette and choose Overlay and a value of 25 % Opacity .
Select the Rotate Tool from the toolbox .
Hold down the Alt key and click somewhere in between the center point and bottom anchor point of the circle .
Enter a value of 60° and click Copy .
Now hit Command +
D four times in a row .
Group all the circles .
Select the Rectangle Tool from the toolbox and draw a rectangle matching the artboard 's size .
Give this rectangle the same black to white radial gradient fill as the glowing circle .
Select both the spirograph and rectangle , then go to the Transparency palette and select Make Opacity Mask again from the palette 's dropdown menu .
Click the mask icon in the Transparency palette , select the rectangle , and select the Gradient tool .
Edit the gradient if needed .
Conclusion
The final design is below .
The font used in this poster is Neutraface .
Have fun applying these techniques in your own work !
Law enforcement officials here and in Wichita , a conservative town that has been a focal point of tense abortion debate in large part because of Dr. Tiller ’s clinic , gave little sense of whether they had previously viewed Mr. Roeder as a concern .
After he was taken into custody , they indicated that they were only beginning to delve into his past and his associations .
Image Scott Roeder after an arrest in 1998 .
Credit ... Shawnee County Department of Corrections
Still , as Mr. Roeder ’s relatives and others who had come into contact with him over the years began looking backward , they said they now saw some signs that might have hinted at more serious trouble ahead .
For more than 10 years , Mr. Roeder had been linked , at various times and in varying degrees , to the Freemen , a group that rejected federal authority and the banking system , and to people who believe that the killing of abortion providers was justified by the abortions it prevented .
In 2007 , someone identifying himself as Scott Roeder posted a message on the Web site of Operation Rescue , a group based in Wichita that had devoted much of its effort to blocking Dr. Tiller from performing late - term abortions .
The posting read , in part : “ Tiller is the concentration camp ‘ Mengele ’ of our day and needs to be stopped before he and those who protect him bring judgment upon our nation . ”
The leader of Operation Rescue , who denounced the shooting of Dr. Tiller , said he had never met Mr. Roeder , who was not a contributor , volunteer or regular member .
And the head of the Kansas Coalition for Life , whose volunteers spent hours outside Dr. Tiller ’s clinic each week trying to sway patients from abortions , said he had never met Mr. Roeder , though he recalled receiving three phone calls out of the blue from him last August .
Years earlier , Mr. Roeder belonged to a Kansas group known as the Patriot Movement , a citizens ’ militia which , according to a fellow member , Morris Wilson , 70 , aimed to “ kick Uncle Sam in the shins ” by bucking rules like mounting license plates on cars .
“ He did n’t like taxation and overregulation , ” Mr. Wilson recalled , adding that Mr. Roeder had outspoken views against abortion .
“ He was trying to get people aware of what was going on , and put these guys out of business , ” he said .
“ But I never seen a temper . ”
HONOLULU  Hawaii has long lived with the threat of wipeout , whether by tsunami , volcano or foreign invader .
Now the Obama administration says North Korea could launch a ballistic missile in the state ’s direction  possibly around the Fourth of July , according to the Japanese news media  prompting the United States military to strengthen defenses here .
Antimissile interceptors are in place , the Defense Department said , and Hawaiians watched the other day as a giant , towering radar commonly known as the golf ball set out to sea from the base where it is normally moored .
But if lifelong residents like Gerald Aikau are on any state of alert , it would be the one telling him that his octopus , caught in the waters here with a spear and his bare hands , is overcooked .
Gender - bending chemical timebomb fear for boys ' fertility
Chemicals in food , cosmetics and cleaning products are ' feminising ' unborn boys and raising their risk of cancer and infertility later in life , an expert warns today .
Professor Richard Sharpe , one of Britain 's leading reproductive biologists , says everyday substances are linked to soaring rates of birth defects and testicular cancer , and to falling sperm counts .
The government adviser 's report published today is the most detailed yet into the threat posed to baby boys by chemicals that block the action of the male sex hormone testosterone , or mimic the female sex hormone oestrogen .
Some chemicals are raising unborn boys ' risk of cancer and infertility later in life , Professor Sharpe believes
Professor Sharpe says many could be harmless on their own - but warned that their cumulative effect could be devastating for developing foetuses and warned women trying for a child to avoid them .
' You ca n't do anything about chemicals in the environment but you can control what you expose a baby to through your lifestyle choices , ' he said .
' Because we do n't know the complete list of chemicals that may be hormone disrupters , and we do n't know how they interact , we can't point a finger at an individual chemical .
' The message is to avoid them , just as you should avoid alcohol and drugs . '
Doctors are concerned about rising levels of birth defects , with 7 per cent of British boys born with partially descended testes and seven in 1000 with malformed genitals .
The latest estimates indicate that one in six men in the UK has a low sperm count and will struggle to father a child .
And the number of testicular cancer cases among men in their 20s and 30s has been doubling every 25 years .
Following an analysis of available evidence , Professor Sharpe concluded that gender - bending chemicals are ' likely to account for a proportion ' of birth defects in baby boys - and the testicular cancer and fertility problems the boys may suffer later in life .
His report looked at studies into birth defects of boy 's genitals , low sperm counts and testicular cancer - a range of problems collectively called Testicular Dysgenesis Syndrome or TDS .
In repeated experiments , testosterone - disrupting chemicals found in pesticides , drugs , plastics and household products created symptoms of TDS in laboratory animals .
Some of the experiments showed that the chemicals work in combination - causing problems at doses where the individual chemicals should be harmless .
The evidence that the chemicals cause problems in humans was weaker , but still showed a link between environmental chemicals and male fertility problems , the report said .
In one study , scientists looked at families moving from countries with a low rate of testicular cancer to Denmark - which has one of the highest rates of the disease in Europe .
First - generation immigrants had the same level of cancer as their country of origin .
But their children - conceived and born in Denmark - had a similar risk to Danes .
That indicated something in the environment was to blame .
Other studies have shown that mothers exposed to chemicals used in plastics , flame retardants and pesticides are more likely to have sons who go on to develop testicular cancer .
Exposure to environmental chemicals slightly increases the risks of undescended testes and hypospadia - malformed genitalia - in boys , the report found .
Professor Sharpe said TDS has its origins in the period between the eighth and 12th week of pregnancy , when exposure to hormone - mimicking chemicals can interfere with testosterone production in a foetus , preventing the sex organs from developing normally .
Chemicals shown to cause problems include pesticides such as DDT , fungicides such as vinclozolin ; a group of chemicals called PCBs used in electrical circuits , paints , flame retardants and glues ; and phthalates , which are used to soften plastics .
Elizabeth Salter Green of the charity CHEM Trust , which commissioned Professor Sharpe 's report , said : ' Chemicals that have been shown to act together to affect male reproductive health should have their risks assessed together .
' Currently that is not the case , and unfortunately chemicals are looked at on a individual basis .
' Therefore Government assurances that exposures are too low to have any effect just do not hold water because regulators do not take into account the additive actions of hormone - disrupting chemicals . '
She advised pregnant women to keep cosmetic use to a minimum , choose unscented products , stop using perfume , avoid colouring hair and avoid DIY .
For more information visit www.chemtrust.org.uk
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Rush Limbaugh managed to blame President Barack Obama for South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford ’s affair .
Limbaugh claims that Sanford said , “ The hell with it .
The Democrats are destroying the country , so I am going to enjoy life . ”
In essence , Rush is saying that it is Obama ’s fault that Sanford cheated on his wife .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ Do you know how many frustrated Americans there are out there at what ’s happening ?
This Sanford business , I ’ve got to tell you one of the first thoughts that crossed my mind with Mark Sanford .
What he did defies logic .
This is more than being 180 degrees out of phase because of lust or love …
This is almost like I do n’t give a damn .
The country ’s going to hell in a handbasket .
I just want out of here .
He had just tried to fight the stimulus money coming to SC .
He did n’t want any part of it .
He lost the battle .
He said what the hell .
The federal government is taking over .
I want to enjoy life . ”
He continued , “ The point is there are a lot of people whose spirit is just , they ’re fed up .
I do n’t even want to fight this anymore I want to get away from it . ”
When an email asked Rush if he was serious , he replied , “ No , my first thought was he said the hell with this .
The Democrats are destroying the country .
We ca n’t do anything to stop it …
Before Obama takes away their money , before Obama takes away their house , or the economy takes away their house .
There are people who are simply saying the hell with this .
They ’ve tuned out …
I frankly think this is what ’s wrong with the economy today .
I frankly think a whole lot of people just lost their spirit . ”
Limbaugh is arguing that because Mark Sanford had to accept federal stimulus funds , his spirit was broken so he cheated on his wife .
Thus , making it all Obama ’s fault .
Limbaugh is ignoring the fact that Sanford admitted that he started talking to his mistress a year ago , which would be while Bush was still president .
Does anyone else think that Rush is projecting some of his own feelings on to Sanford ?
I think Limbaugh is fed up and wants to give up , not Mark Sanford .
This whole rant was really about Limbaugh bemoaning Obama ’s effectiveness as president .
Limbaugh sounded very Hooveresque when he blamed the economy on a crisis of the spirit .
Once again , good old Rush ignored the fact , that it was George W. Bush who crashed the economy .
Bush is to blame for any supposed spiritual crisis .
A System Error has occured .
The software is experiencing a systems error .
You should attempt to repeat your last action .
If this error occurs again , please contact the site administrator .
Why now ?
It 's not as if this is the first time Britain 's representatives have been caught out .
The history of governments in all countries is the history of scandal , as those who rise to the top are generally the most ambitious , ruthless and unscrupulous people politics can produce .
Pushing their own interests to the limit , they teeter perennially on the brink of disgrace , except when they fly clean over the edge .
So why does the current ballyhoo threaten to destroy not only the government but also our antediluvian political system ?
The past 15 years have produced the cash - for - questions racket , the Hinduja and Ecclestone affairs , the lies and fabrications that led to the invasion of Iraq , the forced abandonment of the BAE corruption probe , the cash - for - honours caper and the cash - for - amendments scandal .
By comparison to the outright subversion of the functions of government in some of these cases , the is small beer .
Any one of them should have prompted the sweeping political reforms we are now debating .
But they did n't .
The expenses scandal , by contrast , could kill the Labour party .
It might also force politicians of all parties to address our unjust voting system , the unelected Lords , the excessive power of the executive , the legalised blackmail used by the whips , and a score of further anachronisms and injustices .
Why is it different ?
I believe that the current political crisis has little to do with the expenses scandal , still less with Gordon Brown 's leadership .
It arises because our economic system can no longer extract wealth from other nations .
For the past 300 years , the revolutions and reforms experienced by almost all other developed countries have been averted in Britain by foreign remittances .
The social unrest that might have transformed our politics was instead outsourced to our colonies and unwilling trading partners .
The rebellions in Ireland , India , China , the Caribbean , Egypt , South Africa , Malaya , Kenya , Iran and other places we subjugated were the price of political peace in Britain .
After decolonisation , our plunder of other nations was sustained by the banks .
Now , for the first time in three centuries , they can no longer deliver , and we must at last confront our problems .
There will probably never be a full account of the robbery this country organised , but there are a few snapshots .
In his book Capitalism and Colonial Production , Hamza Alavi estimates that the resource flow from India to Britain between 1793 and 1803 was in the order of £ 2 m a year , the equivalent of many billions today .
The economic drain from India , he notes , " has not only been a major factor in India 's impoverishment … it has also been a very significant factor in the industrial revolution in Britain " .
As Ralph Davis observes in The Industrial Revolution and British Overseas Trade , from the 1760s onwards India 's wealth " bought the national debt back from the Dutch and others … leaving Britain nearly free from overseas indebtedness when it came to face the great French wars from 1793 " .
In France by contrast , as Eric Hobsbawm notes in The Age of Revolution , " the financial troubles of the monarchy brought matters to a head " .
In 1788 half of France 's national expenditure was used to service its debt : the " American War and its debt broke the back of the monarchy " .
Even as the French were overthrowing the ancien regime , Britain 's landed classes were able to strengthen their economic power , seizing common property from the country 's poor by means of enclosure .
Partly as a result of remittances from India and the Caribbean , the economy was booming and the state had the funds to ride out political crises .
Later , after smashing India 's own industrial capacity , Britain forced that country to become a major export market for our manufactured goods , sustaining industrial employment here ( and avoiding social unrest ) long after our products and processes became uncompetitive .
Colonial plunder permitted the British state to balance its resource deficits as well .
For some 200 years a river of food flowed into this country from such places as Ireland , India and the Caribbean .
In The Blood Never Dried , John Newsinger reveals that in 1748 Jamaica alone sent 17,400 tons of sugar to Britain ; by 1815 this had risen to 73,800 .
It was all produced by stolen labour .
Just as grain was sucked out of Ireland at the height of its great famine , so Britain continued to drain India of food during its catastrophic hungers .
In Late Victorian Holocausts , Mike Davis shows that between 1876 and 1877 wheat exports to the UK from India doubled as subsistence there collapsed , and several million died of starvation .
In the North - Western provinces famine was wholly engineered by British policy , as good harvests were exported to offset poor English production in 1876 and 1877 .
Britain , in other words , outsourced famine as well as social unrest .
There was terrible poverty in this country in the second half of the 19th century , but not mass starvation .
The bad harvest of 1788 helped precipitate the French revolution , but the British state avoided such hazards .
Others died on our behalf .
In the late 19th century , Davis shows , Britain 's vast deficits with the United States , Germany and its white dominions were balanced by huge annual surpluses with India and ( as a result of the opium trade ) China .
For a generation " the starving Indian and Chinese peasantries … braced the entire system of international settlements , allowing England 's continued financial supremacy to temporarily co-exist with its relative industrial decline " .
Britain 's trade surpluses with India allowed the City to become the world 's financial capital .
Its role in British colonisation was not a passive one .
The bankruptcy , and subsequent British takeover , of Egypt in 1882 was hastened by a loan from Roths­child 's bank whose execution , Newsinger records , amounted to " fraud on a massive scale " .
­Jardine Matheson , once the biggest narco - trafficking outfit in history ( it dominated the Chinese opium trade ) , later formed a major investment bank , Jardine Fleming .
It was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in 2000 .
We lost our colonies , but the plunder has continued by other means .
As Joseph Stiglitz shows in Globalisation and its Discontents , the capital liberalisation forced on Asian economies by the IMF permitted northern traders to loot hundreds of billions of dollars , precipitating the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 .
Poorer nations have also been strong - armed into a series of amazingly one - sided treaties and commitments , such as trade - related investment measures , bilateral investment agreements and the EU 's economic partnership agreements .
If you have ever wondered how a small , densely populated country which produces very little supports itself , I would urge you to study these asymmetric arrangements .
But now , as John Lanchester demonstrates in a fascinating essay in the London Review of Books , the City could be fatally wounded .
The nation that relied on financial services may take generations to recover from their collapse .
The great British adventure – three centuries spent pillaging the labour , wealth and resources of other countries – is over .
We cannot accept this , and seek gleeful revenge on a government that can no longer insulate us from reality .
www.monbiot.com
INTRODUCTION Section : Choose Top of page Abstract INTRODUCTION << METHODS BEHAVIORAL RESULTS fMRI RESULTS DISCUSSION Acknowledgments Notes REFERENCES CITING ARTICLES
When we witness another individual in pain , do we wince automatically ?
Or are we more likely to wait to respond until we determine the cause of the pain , the context of the situation , or the background of the individual ?
The psychological construct of empathy refers to an intersubjective induction process through which the cognitive and affective experiences of another come to be shared , without losing sight of the original source of the experience ( Decety & Jackson , 2004 ) .
In light of multiple levels of analysis from social and developmental psychology , cognitive neuroscience , and clinical neuropsychology , it has been proposed that empathy involves both bottom–up and top–down information processing components ( Goubert , Craig , & Buysse , 2009 ; Decety & Moriguchi , 2007 ) .
The former refers to the automatic and covert mimicry component , which drives emotional contagion during interpersonal interactions , and the latter to self - regulation and meta-cognition , which modulates both this automatic resonance system and subsequent prosocial behaviors .
As the first - hand experience of pain is ubiquitous across individuals and cultures and there is extensive knowledge about the physiological mechanisms underlying the processing of nociceptive information , studying the perception of pain in others constitutes a valuable and ecologically valid paradigm for investigating the underpinning of human empathy .
In recent years , an accumulating number of fMRI studies have demonstrated striking similarities in the neural circuits involved in the processing of both the first - hand experience of pain and the second - hand experience of observing other individuals in pain ( for a meta - analysis , see Jackson , Rainville , & Decety , 2006 ) .
These studies have consistently shown that the perception of pain in others elicits activation of the neural circuit subserving the processing of the affective and motivational dimension of pain ( Cheng et al. , 2007 ; Gu & Han , 2007 ; Lamm , Batson , & Decety , 2007 ; Moriguchi et al. , 2007 ; Ogino et al. , 2007 ; Saarela et al. , 2007 ; Zaki , Ochsner , Hanelin , Wager , & Mackey , 2007 ; Jackson , Brunet , Meltzoff , & Decety , 2006 ; Botvinick et al. , 2005 ; Jackson , Meltzoff , & Decety , 2005 ; Morrison , Lloyd , di Pellegrino , & Roberts , 2004 ; Singer et al. , 2004 ) .
This neural circuit includes the dorsal ACC ( dACC ) , the anterior midcingulate cortex ( aMCC ) , and the anterior insula ( AI ; Derbyshire , 2000 ) .
The findings from these recent cognitive neuroscience investigations provide empirical support for observer–target congruence in pain processing similar to that which social psychologists have reported for the past 30 years .
For instance , Hygge ( 1976 ) found that when an observer witnessed a target 's distress , they experienced an increase in skin conductance similar to the arousal response elicited by the aversive stimulation itself , demonstrating that observers are autonomically aroused by a target 's distress .
Further , Vaughan and Lanzetta ( 1980 ) demonstrated that observers respond to a target 's pain display with similar expressive behavior .
Using EMG recordings from three facial muscle sites , these authors found that the pattern and timing of activation of the observer 's facial muscles paralleled those of the target expressing pain .
With the abovementioned neuroimaging and physiological findings , there is strong evidence to suggest that perceiving the pain of others triggers an automatic somatic sensory - motor resonance mechanism between other and self , resulting in pain processing in the observer .
This sharing of neural circuits between self ( observer ) and other ( target ) provides the foundation for analogical reasoning and offers a possible , yet partial , route to understanding others ( Decety & Grèzes , 2006 ) .
Although the neuroscience research in somatic sensory mimicry provides evidence for a universal neurological mechanism underlying empathy , it does not address the effect of a host of social factors that might influence such an empathic response .
For instance , recent work in social cognition has shown that both bottom–up and top–down mechanisms of empathy can be modulated by how the target is perceived , including how similar the target is to the observer ( i.e. , Ames , 2004 ; Batson et al. , 1997 ) , how likable the target is ( i.e. , Kozak , Marsh , & Wegner , 2006 ; Singer et al. , 2006 ) , and the group membership of the target ( i.e. , Stürmer , Snyder , Kropp , & Siem , 2006 ; Yabar , Johnston , Miles , & Peace , 2006 ) .
Understanding how such factors impact the ability to perceive and to respond with care to the cognitive , affective , and motivational internal states of another is crucial to understanding the conditions in which empathy will be expressed ( Decety & Batson , 2007 ) .
One way to more fully elucidate how a priori attitudes may moderate empathy for pain is to explore the effect of social stigma on the empathic response .
Stigmatization of an individual occurs when that individual is ( 1 ) labeled , ( 2 ) negatively stereotyped , ( 3 ) discriminated against , and ( 4 ) experiences status loss as a result of their stigma ( Link & Phelan , 2001 ) .
Stigmatized individuals possess or are believed to possess some attribute or characteristic that conveys a social identity that is devalued in a particular context ( Crocker , Major , & Steele , 1998 ) .
As a result of such a devalued and dehumanized out - group status , it can be predicted that someone would experience less empathy for an individual who is stigmatized .
A particularly illustrative example of a group of people who are stigmatized by society is those infected with HIV or who currently have AIDS .
A number of empirical investigations have documented both explicit and implicit negative attitudes toward people with HIV / AIDS ( for a review , see Herek , 1999 ) .
For instance , Neumann , Hulsenbeck , and Seibt ( 2004 ) measured participant 's implicit attitudes toward people with AIDS ( PWA ) using both an implicit association test ( IAT ) and an automatic approach / avoidance task .
Participants demonstrated a significant and negative implicit association for PWA and were significantly faster at making avoidance movements than approach movements in response to pictures of PWA .
Furthermore , attributions of responsibility can modulate an observer 's emotional response toward such stigmatized targets .
If targets are deemed responsible for their condition , they are judged with anger and blame and are stigmatized and socially rejected .
Alternately , if targets are not considered responsible for their condition , they are judged with relative sympathy and social acceptance ( Crandall & Martinez , 1996 ) .
In particular , attributions of responsibility have been shown to moderate attitudes toward individuals infected with AIDS : Participants are less likely to show compassion for individuals who contracted HIV through stigmatized behavior ( i.e. , drug use ) than for people who were infected through other means , such as a blood transfusion ( Capitanio & Herek , 1999 ; Weiner , Perry , & Magnusson , 1988 ) .
The abovementioned research demonstrates not only that people infected with HIV / AIDS are negatively viewed and stigmatized in society but also that attributions of responsibility for how PWA contracted the disease influences how they are perceived .
Applying this research on stigmatized out - groups ( such as PWA ) to the literature on the somatic sensory mimicry components of empathy , it is hypothesized that resonance to stigmatized targets will be moderated by attributions of responsibility .
To investigate this hypothesis , the current study examined whether the hemodynamic response in the neural circuits underlying pain processing was modulated by the stigma of the target and whether the target bore responsibility for his or her stigmatized status .
During fMRI scanning , white participants were exposed to a series of short video clips featuring age - matched white individuals experiencing pain who were ( a ) similar to the participant ( healthy ) , ( b ) stigmatized but not responsible for their stigmatized condition ( infected with AIDS as a result of an infected blood transfusion from a recent hospital stay ) , or ( c ) stigmatized and held responsible for their stigmatized condition ( infected with AIDS as a result of intravenous drug use ) .
We predicted that although participants should show resonance to the pain of all targets ( regardless of group membership ) , resonance should depend on the target 's stigma and his or her responsibility for acquiring that stigma .
As such , we predicted reduced hemodynamic activation in pain processing areas when viewing stigmatized targets in general as compared with control targets similar to the participants .
However , we predicted that attributions of responsibility would moderate this effect , such that significantly greater hemodynamic activation in pain processing areas would be observed when viewing not - responsible stigmatized targets and significantly less activity would be observed for responsible stigmatized targets .
The results of this investigation have important societal significance and will yield a better understanding of the mechanisms involved in interpersonal sensitivity and the factors that influence this ability .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
The market has been dealt a historic hand and the global stakes have never been higher .
For the last eight years , the ace up the Federal Reserve 's sleeve has been the U.S. dollar .
They let the greenback devalue with hopes that a legitimate economic recovery would supplant the credit expansion that dominated this decade .
“ " The wishbone will never replace the backbone . " ” — -- Will Henry
Since 2002 , the world 's reserve currency declined 35 % , while everything measured in dollars reacted in kind .
While that sneaked by stateside players largely unnoticed , it 's been a constant source of stress for foreign holders of dollar - denominated assets .
We call this " asset class deflation vs. dollar devaluation " in Minyanville , which is to say we 'll toggle between the two as policymakers pull fiscal and monetary strings .
While both sides of the equation can potentially falter , the deck is stacked against the dollar and asset classes rally in synch .
See link .
While near - term nuances are difficult to digest , the big picture has come down to a simple question :
Will foreigners allow the dollar to devalue further , paving the way towards potential hyperinflation , or will capital drain from the system and induce a prolonged period of deflation ?
Critical crossroads
What 's clear is that the game itself experienced has a seismic shift .
Central banks have been extremely proactive in what they do and how they do it .
This has gone on for years , but the efforts increased appreciably since 2007 .
We opined at the time that something was afoot and the pieces have fallen into place .
See link .
The credit contagion brought this conundrum to bear , and all that remains to be seen is where the bears will settle .
I 'm an optimist by nature , but a realist when it comes to the current financial condition .
In my humble view , two potential scenarios exist as we edge down this prickly path .
The first is the continued socialization of markets , bearded nationalization of troubled institutions and the specter of hyperinflation .
A significantly lower dollar is a necessary precursor to -- but no guarantor of -- this dynamic , and it could potentially " jack " anything denominated by this measuring stick .
If that occurs , it would paradoxically punish savers who preserved capital .
This scenario is presumably preferred by the powers that be as an alternative to watershed deflation .
The " haves " would fare better than the " have - nots " as the costs of goods and services could skyrocket and spur the velocity of money , paramount in a finance - based economy .
The other option is the orderly destruction of debt , deflationary pressures and an eventual path toward an " outside - in " recovery that paves to the way towards true globalization .
The result would be a higher dollar and lower asset classes in the intermediate term , but a sustainable foundation for economic expansion thereafter .
Deflation in a fractional reserve banking system means policymakers have , for all intents and purposes , lost control of the economy .
It would also impact the top tier of our societal structure tied to the marketplace , problematic for politicians and the constituencies that bankroll them .
No easy answers
The banking system , stymied with credit dependency , is not operating normally .
Hidden behind bailouts , stimulus packages , super - conduits , term - auction financing , mortgage rate freezes , foreclosure freezes , working groups and Public - Private Investment Programs are politicians attempting to engineer a business cycle that long ago lost its way .
See link .
The qualifier of this discussion is the elasticity of debt , stretched by historical standards .
Total outstanding credit obligations are 350 % of GDP and consumers , who account for 70 % of GDP , are hamstrung by wealth destruction and depleted savings .
As such , I would place back - of - the - envelope odds at 3 - 1 that deflationary forces continue to manifest .
This process will take years to unwind but ultimately will yield positive results .
The destruction of debt will allow world economies to rebuild a solid foundation for future expansion that is entirely more secure than what we currently have in place .
While it would cause paper wealth to evaporate , rich nations will be forced to pour real money -- as opposed to cheap debt -- into developing economies as a redistribution mechanism .
While the path might be painful , the destination will be entirely more palatable for future generations .
A marked difference exists between taking our medicine as a function of time and price , and injecting the system with drugs with hopes that the symptoms will pass .
The latter continues to be the diagnosis of choice but the economic patient would be well served to understand both sides of the prognosis .
RIAA Staff Cuts May Be Far Deeper Than Reported
There is no doubt that major staff reductions and changes are underway at the RIAA .
But one seemingly knowledgeable but unconfirmed source tells Hypebot that the cuts run much deeper than previously reported .
" It is about 90 - 100 + people across the US and global offices – anti-piracy , coordinated IFPI / BPI etc – trust me it's a bloodbath …
( Major label heads )
Hands , Morris are squeezing the ____ out of these guys after the ISP failure and a major budget cut .
( The ) RIAA as you know it is probably history by Tuesday of next week , a formal announcement is being drafted for drop next week .
The new group is a aggregate of IFPI + remaining pieces of BPI + RIAA – ( a ) new leaner , coordinated group … DC offices are getting closed except for one part of one floor on Conn. Ave. , just for the address . "
Hypebot has asked the RIAA to comment .
Readers please send info on the layoffs privately to hypebot ( at) skylineonline ( dot ) com .
Share on :
If there were ever a year to attend NORML ’s national conference , this is it .
NORML 2009 : Yes We Cannabis !
September 24 - 26 , 2009
Grand Hyatt Hotel
San Francisco
There has never been a greater cultural , media or political zeitgeist to re-legalize cannabis than right now .
Indeed , even more so than the 1970s era of decriminalization .
Indicative of such momentum , last Thursday U.S. Representatives Barney Frank ( D - MA ) and Ron Paul ( R - TX ) have re-introduced the cannabis decriminalization bill that NORML help to write and champion for introduction in the 111th Congress .
Take Advantage Of Great Early Bird Registration and Reduced Room Rates
At a Four - Star Tower Hotel in San Francisco
For this and other numerous reasons , if possible , please take advantage of NORML ’s early bird discounts resulting in 35 % off the conference registration and socials by registering ASAP .
>> REGISTER NOW <<
Also , do n’t delay in reserving your room for the national conference as NORML always sells out the reserved room block of discounted rooms .
Do n’t miss out on a room at a great 4 - star tower hotel in San Francisco .
Discounted Rooms at Luxury Hotel in SF … Reserve Now !
I strongly encourage you to take advantage of the greatly discounted hotel rooms available at the beautiful , and centrally located Grand Hyatt Hotel San Francisco on Union Square .
Single ( or double ) occupancy is only $ 165 / night ( rack rate for rooms at the Grand Hyatt are usually $ 275 - $ 400 / night ) by calling 415-398-1234 ( must refer to ‘ NORML – National Sales Meeting ‘ ) .
Add $ 75 / night for an executive upgrade ; triples and quads also available at $ 190 and $ 215 respectively .
Negotiating $ 55 / night for a 4 - star tower hotel in the commercial district of San Francisco is one way to make the conference as affordable , and popular , as possible .
Limited Number of Reserved Smoking and Wheelchair Accessible Rooms
There are only 30 reserved ‘ smoking ’ , and 10 wheelchair - accessible rooms available for cannabis and / or tobacco consumers .
Act fast .
Reserve your room here .
Affordable Airfare Available Right Now
A number of staff have already reserved flights at very low costs , i.e , $ 215 non -stop , round - trip on Virgin Airlines from Washington DC to San Francisco .
Other similar deals currently exist on most airlines .
Medical Cannabis- Only Day
Lastly , the very first day of the conference is devoted entirely to the topic of medical cannabis , the emerging ‘ cannabusinesses ’ in a number of medical cannabis states ( such as California ) and ‘ best practices ’ for patients and providers .
At the last two NORML conferences ( in Los Angeles and Berkeley ) the medical cannabis - only days were very successful and held on day # 3 of the conferences ; this year it is front - loaded into the day # 1 slot .
Once again , guided tours of medical cannabis wellness centers in ‘ Oaksterdam ‘ and other parts of the SF Bay area available .
About 70 % of conference attendees come for the ‘ regular ’ sessions and the rest come for the medical cannabis - only day , so if you have strong interests in medical cannabis ( as you should ) , please plan on attending all three days of this year ’s 38th annual national NORML conference .
Can Last Year ’s Conference Party Be Topped ?
For those who attended last year ’s conference in Berkeley , the best efforts are being made to make sure that , if at all possible , this year ’s Saturday Night Fundraising Party during the conference tops last year ’s .
If you can conceive of that !
Again , with the incredible social , media and political momentum swinging cannabis law reformers ’ way since the beginning of 2009 ( building on decades of hard work ) , this really is not the year to miss NORML ’s national conference .
Please email conference@norml.org with any questions or concerns about this year ’s conference , and I sincerely hope to see you at NORML’s ‘ Yes We Cannabis ! ‘ national conference in September .
>> REGISTER NOW <<
Thanks for all your hard work and support for cannabis law reform !
Kind regards ,
Allen St. Pierre
Executive Director
Board Member
NORML / NORML Foundation
director@norml.org
p.s. The conference planning committee has left open a few slots for either your speaker or panel suggestions , please forward your suggestions or proposals to : conference@norml.org
Partial listing of panel topics for this year ’s conference include :
- The Zeitgeist of Legalization : Why and How Did This Happen ?
- Pot Politics 2009 and beyond
- Has Support For Legalization Reached The Tipping Point ?
- What Impact Would Legalization / Regulation Have On Use Rates
- Cannabis Law Reforms Missing Link : Law Enforcement
- Putting The Mexican Cartels Out Of Business
- Marijuana Legalization as a Local , State and Federal Revenue Stream
- Pot , Parenting and Legalization
- Cannabis and Athleticism
Medical Cannabis - only day
- Panels and lectures on the health effects of medical cannabis ;
examinations and discussions led by expert lawyers focusing on emerging medical cannabis distribution models ; taxation ; zoning and business license issues and criminal defense representation .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Intel celebrated the one - year anniversary of its successful Atom platform Tuesday night by launching two more , including its first to add dynamic overclocking when needed .
Intel celebrated the one - year anniversary of its successful Atom platform Tuesday night by launching two more , including its first to add dynamic overclocking when needed .
Intel also demonstrated its next - generation " Moorestown " platform , consisting of the " Lincroft " system - on - a- chip , at an event at the Intel Developer Forum in Beijing .
Both the new Z550 and Z515 Atom chips are geared for performance : the Z550 extends the clock speed of the Atom line up to 2 GHz while maintaining an average power of under 22o mW , while the Z515 adds what Intel calls " Burst Performance Technology , " an apparent Atom - specific version of the " turbo boost " technology Intel has applied to its desktop processors .
The base speed of the chip is 800 MHz , consuming 0.65 watts , according to an Intel spokesman .
However , the Z515 will overclock to 1.2 - GHz when needed , Intel said ; similar Z51x
Atom chips are all clocked at 1.1 GHz .
In a keynote address delivered by Anand Chandrasekher , Intel 's senior vice president and general manager of the Ultra Mobility Group , Chandrasekher provided what Intel called a sneak peek into Moorestown by showcasing a greater than 10 x idle power reduction compared to today 's Atom - based platform in a side - by - side demo .
Moorestown is due in 2010 , Intel has said .
Intel executives also disclosed the inclusion of a " Nehalem - EP " chip for embedded applications , based on Intel 's current " Nehalem " architecture found both within the Core i7 and its recently - introduced Xeon 5500 chip .
Pat Gelsinger , Intel senior vice president and general manager of the Digital Enterprise Group , also disclosed that Intel is developing a C++ prototype library for " Larrabee , " its graphics technology did in late 2009 or early 2010 , and a future parallel programming solution based on " Ct " technology .
Editor 's Note :
This story has been updated on April 9 with additional details from Intel .
Cheney Learned Iran-Contra Lessons Editor ’s Note : The Iran-Contra Affair of the 1980s was the “ missing link ” connecting Watergate and the national security scandals of the 1970s to the restoration of the imperial presidency under George W. Bush and Dick Cheney this decade .
Other dangerous patterns also were established during Iran - Contra , including a bullying Republican Party aided by right - wing attack groups , a timid Democratic opposition , and a feckless Washington news media unwilling to do the hard work of accountability .
Interestingly , one key person who “ got ” this bigger picture was Cheney , who was White House chief of staff during the collapse of the imperial presidency in the 1970s ; was a chief congressional defender of the Iran - Contra criminals ; and then oversaw the restoration of the imperial presidency after 9/11 .
From that experience , Cheney also gained an understanding of how important cover-ups could be in this process , as Jonathan Schwarz notes in this guest essay :
In a new article by Stephen " W.W. Beauchamp " Hayes , former Vice President Cheney gripes extensively about the Obama administration .
It 's exactly what you 'd expect .
Email
Printer friendly
But what you might not expect is that Cheney ( seemingly inadvertently ) confirms that there was a massive cover -up of the Iran - Contra scandal by the Reagan administration : " I went through the Iran - Contra hearings and watched the way administration officials ran for cover and left the little guys out to dry .
And I was bound and determined that was n't going to happen this time . "
Considering that two national security advisers ( Robert McFarlane and John Poindexter ) and the Secretary of Defense ( Caspar Weinberger ) were some of the " little guys " who were prosecuted for Iran - Contra , it 's obvious who Cheney is talking about as hanging them out to dry : President Reagan and Vice President Bush .
Here 's how journalist Robert Parry describes the conclusions of Iran- Contra Special Prosecutor Lawrence Walsh , as described in his memoir , Firewall :
According to Firewall , the cover - up conspiracy took formal shape at a meeting of Reagan and his top advisers in the Situation Room at the White House on Nov. 24 , 1986 .
The meeting 's principal point of concern was how to handle the troublesome fact that Reagan had approved illegal arms sales to Iran in fall 1985 , before any covert-action finding had been signed .
The act was a clear felony -- a violation of the Arms Export Control Act -- and possibly an impeachable offense .
Though virtually everyone at the meeting knew that Reagan had approved those shipments through Israel , Attorney General Edwin Meese announced what would become the cover story .
According to Walsh 's narrative , Meese " told the group that although [ NSC adviser Robert ] McFarlane had informed [ Secretary of State George ]
Shultz of the planned shipment , McFarlane had not informed the president .
... " [ White House chief of staff Don ] Regan , who had heard McFarlane inform the president and who had heard the president admit to Shultz that he knew of the shipment of Hawk [ anti- aircraft ] missiles , said nothing .
Shultz and [ Defense Secretary Caspar ]
Weinberger , who had protested the shipment before it took place , said nothing .
“ [ Vice President George ]
Bush , who had been told of the shipment in advance by McFarlane , said nothing .
Casey , who [ had ] requested that the president sign the retroactive finding to authorize the CIA - facilitated delivery , said nothing .
“ [ NSC adviser John ]
Poindexter , who had torn up the finding , said nothing .
Meese asked whether anyone knew anything else that had n't been revealed .
No one spoke . "
When Shultz returned to the State Department , he dictated a note to his aide , Charles Hill , who wrote down that Reagan 's men were " rearranging the record . "
They were trying to protect the President through a " carefully thought out strategy " that would " blame it on Bud " McFarlane .
It really is considerate of Cheney to tell the truth about this .
Here 's an interesting story from Parry 's book Lost History about how he saw firsthand , as a reporter working on the Iran - Contra scandal , the kind of thing Cheney may be reacting to : “ How quickly the investigative space was closing down hit home to me on March 10 , 1987 .
I had been asked to attend a dinner at the home of [ Newsweek ] bureau chief Evan Thomas in an exclusive neighborhood in northwest Washington .
“ The guests that night were retired Gen. Brent Scowcroft , who was one of three members of the Tower Commission [ set up by Reagan to investigate Iran - Contra ] , and Rep. Dick Cheney , R - Wyo. , who was the ranking House Republican on the congressional Iran - Contra committee .
“ At the table also were some of Newsweek 's top executives and a few of us lowly correspondents .
As the catered dinner progressed and a tuxedoed waiter kept the wine glasses full , the guests were politely questioned .
“ Scowcroft , a studious - looking man , fidgeted as if he wanted to get something off his chest .
" Maybe I should n't say this but , " he began with a slight hesitation .
He then continued , " If I were advising Admiral Poindexter and he had told the president about the diversion , I would advise him to say that he had n't . "
It 's nice when people at the highest levels of government confirm what everyone already knew , even if it takes a few decades .
Jonathan Schwarz 's Web site is tinyrevolution.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Einstein on Zionism and Israel : His Provocative Ideas About the Middle East
By Fred Jerome
Hardcover : 352 pages
Publisher : St. Martin ’s Press ( May 2009 )
ISBN - 10 : 0-312-36228-5
ISBN - 13 : 9780312362287
Countless books and articles have been written about the life of the great physicist and thinker Albert Einstein , and since his death in 1955 , a near consensus has existed that Einstein was a staunch supporter of the state of Israel .
Veteran journalist Fred Jerome uses hundreds of pages of Einstein ’s own letters , articles and interviews — many published for the first time — to refute this thesis .
It is well known that Einstein , a German Jew , witnessed European anti-Semitism firsthand and spoke out against both prejudice and Nazism .
These experiences convinced Einstein to support Zionism and a Jewish homeland .
After gaining immense fame for his scientific breakthroughs , he was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952 after the death of the country ’s first president , Chaim Weizmann .
In reality , while Einstein was sympathetic to the Zionist cause , he repeatedly warned that a “ narrow nationalism ” may arise if a Jewish - only state was founded and peaceful co-existence with the Palestinians was not achieved .
Instead , Einstein advocated Cultural Zionism — the creation of Jewish cultural and educational centers within a bi-national state with equal rights for both Arabs and Jews .
When Einstein was offered the Israeli presidency , Israeli Prime Minister David Ben Gurion stated , “ I ’ve had to offer him the post because it was impossible not to , but if he accepts we are in for trouble . ”
In a letter written in the same year , Einstein compared the Zionists ’ project with that of the Pilgrims , noting , “ how tyrannical , intolerant and aggressive [ they ] became after a short while . ”
And in Einstein ’s last media interview , which ran in the New York Post a month before his death , he stated “ We had great hopes for Israel at first .
We thought it might be better than other nations , but it is no better . ”
Jerome has authored two previous books about Einstein ; The Einstein File : J. Edgar Hoover ’s Secret War Against the World ’s Most Famous Scientist and Einstein on Race and Racism , co-authored with Rodger Taylor .
These books are essential to understanding Einstein , a self - described “ revolutionary , ” who publicly stated that he would use his fame and celebrity status to bring attention to the causes important to him .
For example , Einstein on Race and Racism details for the first time Einstein ’s 20 - year friendship with Paul Robeson .
While the first two books were aimed at filling a large gap in the knowledge about Einstein ’s radical beliefs and political activism , Einstein on Zionism and Israel seeks to debunk the myth that Einstein was a supporter of Israel .
In the process , Jerome reveals much about the nature of mainstream propaganda .
Einstein ’s opposition to Israel was widely known and reported on during his life .
In fact , the myth of Einstein ’s support of Israel was born the day after Einstein ’s death in his obituary in the New York Times , which shamelessly wrote that he “ championed ” the establishment of the Jewish state .
This contradicted decades of reporting from the “ Paper of Record . ”
Jerome provides some examples , including a 1930 article headlined “ Einstein attacks British Zion Policy , ” a 1938 article stating Einstein was “ Against Palestine State ” and a 1946 article stating Einstein “ Bars Jewish State . ”
The book ends with a quote from author and intellectual Gore Vidal , “ The only question that really matters : Why ? ” Jerome follows with , “ Why have we not known ? ”
In an interview , Fred Jerome discusses why Albert Einstein is remembered for his physics and not his politics .
Jaisal Noor :
Why did you decide to write this book on Einstein and his views on Israel and Zionism ?
Fred Jerome : When Einstein met Paul Robeson in 1952 , Einstein had just turned down the offer to be president of Israel .
According to Lloyd Brown [ who was present at that meeting ]
Einstein told Robeson why he had turned down the invitation :
He did n’t agree with Israel , with the nationalism , the establishment of the state of Israel , and so on .
In both my previous books , there was a brief discussion about Israel .
In addition , it is so clearly one of the central issues of today ’s world .
We cannot ignore this issue and pretend to be concerned about the world or people in the world .
It seemed logical to me that if I was going to be concerned about what was happening in Israel , particularly the Israeli oppression of the Palestinians … it would be a logical step to write more on what Einstein had to say .
I contacted the Einstein Archives in Jerusalem , and they actually thought it would be a good idea and encouraged me and said that they could provide information that probably had never been published before .
JN : You started with the Einstein Archive in Jerusalem — where else did you go ?
FJ : Einstein gave all his papers to the Hebrew University in Jerusalem because he actually helped to found the Hebrew University .
As a Cultural Zionist , he was in favor of cultural centers , like universities , but opposed to a Jewish state or nation .
I also tried to talk to as many people as possible who talked to Einstein , knew Einstein , who remember Einstein .
The most important was [ eminent Egyptian journalist ] Mohammed Heikel in Cairo .
I included this interview , which was certainly never mentioned in any of the more than 100 books on Einstein .
JN : Could you describe the reaction the press had to your previous works on Einstein and the reaction you expect from this one ?
FJ : The press ’s reaction to the first book , The Einstein File [ 2002 ] , was one of very significant interest , maybe because J. Edgar Hoover had fallen out of favor with the media in the past 20 years .
And so you have a bad guy versus a good guy , Einstein being the good guy .
He had just been named Person of the Century by Time Magazine in the year 2000 when I was working on the first book , and I had come up with this file that no one else had — the entire file .
So it was a combination of new information and kind of a sexy theme .
Then the New York Times devoted a full page of its science section when the book first came out — that helped get the book covered by lots of other media outlets .
When the book Einstein on Race and Racism [ 2006 ] came out , there was virtually no coverage in the mainstream media .
There was some coverage in the Black press , including the Amsterdam News , some of the websites and so on .
Publisher ’s Weekly did a review in which they said that it was a good book , was well written , well researched , no complaints , no criticisms .
Einstein was a race man , but so what ?
Six months after the book came out the New York Times finally did do a review of the book , a very favorable review of the book , and published it only in the New Jersey edition , which has very few readers compared to their other editions .
So the contrast was striking .
I think primarily because the mainstream media in America really do n’t want to write about racism in America and certainly do n’t want to identify Einstein with an antiracist position .
The other reason the media have ignored this book is that part of the book is Einstein ’s friendship with Paul Robeson and while they finally did put Paul Robeson on a postage stamp , after much struggle and protest , clearly the mainstream media and the corporate interests they represent are still afraid of Paul Robeson ’s leftism , his socialism , activism , the resistance to them he represented .
Outside of the mainstream media it has gotten a very positive reaction .
[ Co-author ]
Rodger Taylor and I are still getting invited to speak , five years after the book was published , by students and other groups around the country .
But the media reaction was clearly “ do n’t touch it . ”
And my anticipation for this book is that most of the mainstream media will have the same reaction to this book , because I think that their attitude on Israel - Palestine for the most part is well over 150 percent support for Washington ’s total backing of the Israeli government .
They have been saying in the mainstream media that Einstein was a big supporter of Israel , and they have been saying that since the day he died , over 60 years ago .
They never said it while he was alive .
First published at The Indypendent .
Last month , a price dispute between Russia and Ukraine triggered the shutting of the transit route through which Europe receives about a fifth of all its natural gas .
The gas crisis was largely interpreted as resulting from a breakdown in negotiations between Russia and Ukraine over how much the latter would pay for its own gas supplies , as well as questions about who would provide the technical gas to operate Ukraininian compressor stations .
Yet under the surface of the unprecedented dispute is a looming energy crisis .
Russia produces about 22 percent of world gas supply , and is believed to hold 30 percent of the world ’s remaining gas reserves .
In a prescient analysis in late 2008 , Dr. Pierre Noel , Acting Director of the Electricity Policy Forum at the University of Cambridge , warned that : “ Over the next 15 - 20 years , Gazprom faces serious supply challenges , and the international gas market is likely to experience considerable tightening . ”
He noted that the coming decades could see Europe facing “ a gas supply crunch , leading to stagnant or even declining consumption . ”
Although the Russian Gazprom controls “ the world ’s largest gas reserves , Gazprom will find it difficult to maintain its current supply levels . ”
Noel reports that production from the “ super - giant ” west Siberian gas fields , accounting for most of Gazprom ’s production , “ is now in steep decline . ”
Maintaining production depends on the development of new fields on the Yamal Peninsula in northwest Siberia , which are set to come online in 2010 .
Yet most of the European gas industry argue “ this is highly unlikely ” , putting 2015 as a more realistic date .
But the problem goes deeper than this :
“ In fact , Gazprom ’s production is already insufficient to meet all the company ’s commitments .
It depends on two other sources of gas – ‘ independent ’ Russian producers and imports from Central Asia , especially Turkmenistan – to make up the shortfall .
This ‘ bridge ’ is supposed to supply Gazprom ’s needs until the Yamal fields come online .
But there is uncertainty over whether Gazprom will be able to source sufficient volumes from Turkmenistan , while independent Russian producers have little incentive to increase their production in the absence of access to Gazprom ’s transmission network , which would enable them to reach consumers directly .
Moreover , domestic gas consumption in Russia is growing , driven by economic expansion and a gas - intensive electricity mix .
So there is at least a risk that Gazprom ’s ‘ bridge ’ to Yamal could collapse .
Industry assessments vary from a tight but manageable supply situation to an impending crisis . ”
This background places in sharp focus the EU - Ukraine - Russia gas crisis .
Indeed , just before the gas crisis Ukraine had signed a strategic accord with the United States in December 2008 , calling for the establishment of a US diplomatic post in Crimea where Russia ’s Black Sea Fleet is based , as well as for “ enhanced cooperation ” in defence , security , trade and " energy security . "
Russia clearly saw the US - Ukraine accord as a dangerous effort by the US to permanently insert itself into Central Asia and dominate its resources by stealth .
The incident signified the eruption of a major fault - line in future EU - US - Russian geopolitical contestation in the region for claims over access to increasingly scarce hydrocarbon resources .
An analysis of data from the BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2008 by the open source intelligence firm Sanders Research Associates , found that Russian natural gas could well have already peaked in 2006 , suggesting that the prolongation of delays in bringing online the new Russian gas fields could imply an EU gas supply crunch as early as 2015 .
When the Sims 3 went on sale in the midst of the Electronic Entertainment Expo , some worried it might be overshadowed by the event .
They should n't have .
Buoyed by sterling critical praise , the game has sold over 1.4 million copies in its first week on the market , Electronic Arts announced today .
The latest jewel in the Sims ' crown .
The Sims 3's milestone further fills the coffers of the Sims franchise , which has generated well over $ 4 billion since its launch in 2000 .
And while the Sims , the Sims 2 , and their myriad expansions have sold over 100 million copies , the Sims 3 may outshine its predecessors , if its first - week sales are any prognosticator .
EA reports that the game is the fastest selling PC title in its history , auguring that it and its inevitable expansions will be fixtures on bestseller lists for years to come .
As outlined in GameSpot 's review , the Sims 3 includes several new features .
Players can customize their characters ' personalities , choosing among traits , such as brave , artistic , absent - minded , and kleptomaniac .
Furniture and clothing can be customized based on color and pattern .
The game also sports a new dynamic , real - time neighborhood system where households are seamlessly integrated .
Ironically , EA is celebrating the Sims 3's sales without the mastermind of the Sims franchise , Will Wright .
In April , he left EA Games to establish an " entertainment think tank " called Stupid Fun Club .
New Clues On Link Between Helicobacter Pylori And Stomach Cancer
Helicobacter pylori ( H. pylori ) infection is considered one of the most important risk factors for stomach ( or gastric ) cancer with as much as 65 % of all cases linked back to the bacteria , although exactly how this occurs is not fully clear .
Researchers in Denmark , Portugal and France show that the H. pylori infection contribution to cancer can be linked to at least three independent molecular pathways , which , when disturbed by infection , lead to mutations in the patients ’ gastric tissues .
Interestingly , this accumulation of mutations occur only during the initial stages of infection making intervention at this stage crucial if to prevent cancer , a particularly important information when deciding more efficient medical approaches in those areas where antibiotic resistance and re-infection is so widespread that question the relevance of giving treatment against infection .
Despite a drastic reduction in the number of cases , stomach cancer is still the 4th most common cancer and the 2nd cause of cancer death in the world , with about 1 million of people dying every year .
Just in the UK , around 8.000 new cases are diagnosed per year , which is enough to reveal the magnitude of the problem .
The best established risk factor for stomach cancer is Helicobacter pylori infection with a capability to double the risk of disease , although the more virulent H. pylori strains can push this number to as much as 30 - fold .
This is believed to occur because of the bacteria capacity to lead to acute gastritis , which , if not treated , can becomes chronic and , with time , evolve to more serious disturbances of the gastric wall as result of the chronic inflammation produced by the infection .
Although more than half of the world population is infected with H. pylori only a small percentage of these individuals goes on to develop cancer , proving that other factors are also important .
These are known to include the environment ( diet and smoking for example ) as well as the host genetic predisposition such as a pro-inflammatory genetic profile .
But despite these well recognized associations the exact molecular mechanisms behind gastric cancer development – particularly those linked to H. pylori infection – are far from being understood
In this new study researchers Ana Machado , Ceu Figueiredo and Raquel Seruca at IPATIMUP , Eliette Touati from Institute Pasteur and Lene Rasmussen from Roskilde University in Denmark do a through investigation into the problem with the help of three parallel models : human gastric cells growing in laboratory and mice , both infected with a very virulent H. pylori , and cells from biopsies of infected patients with chronic gastritis – trying to understand exactly what happens in H. pylori infected stomachs .
Previous studies have suggested that one of cell systems affected by H. pylori infection was the DNA repair mechanism , mismatch repair ( MMR ) , which – like the name indicates – identifies mismatched pieces of DNA and calls for proteins that cut and insert properly complementary ones .
And in fact when Machado , Figueiredo and colleagues looked at H. pylori infected cells their , MMR levels were abnormally reduced , an observation further confirmed in gastric cells of infected mice , although , interestingly , only at 3 months post - infection as normal levels were already restored after 12 months ( when the chronic disease is already chronic ) .
Because problems in MMR are known to result in genomic instability and mutations , the stomachs of infected mice were analysed after 6 months of infection to find , that in fact , they contained an abnormal number of mutations although , again , by 12 months post - infection values were back to normal , in agreement with previously observed MMR variations .
What these results suggested was that H. pylori effect on MMR was temporary , and that by 12 months , when MMR is back to normal and no more mutations are accumulating , the altered cells have also been eliminated probably by a compensatory mechanism such as accelerated cell death and fast cell division .
Nevertheless , as we know that one escaped cell at this stage , later progressing to malignancy , is enough to induce cancer this observation of apparent normality at 12 months does not exclude the possibility of cancer appearance later on .
Mutations in mitochondrial DNA ( mitochondrion are the cell ’s power plants supplying energy for all its functions ) have been found in pre-cancerous gastric cells .
Not only that but it has been suggested that H. pylori could lead to oxidative stress - a situation where highly reactive oxygen molecules , which are normally the by - product of mitochondria , occur in toxic quantities damaging the DNA .
Both these observations suggested that mitochondria ’s function could be affected during H. pylori infection and led Machado and Figueiredo to investigate .
And in fact , when the researchers looked into the infected cells ’ mitochondrial DNA this again presented abnormally high number of mutations .
The relevance of this observation was confirmed when gastric cells from infected patients with chronic gastritis where found to have , not only an abnormal number of mutations , but mutations of the same type and affecting the same areas in the mitochondrial DNA , than those found in the infected cells .
Further confirming that these mutations were linked to the H. pylori infection , the more virulent was the strain infecting the patient , the higher was the number of mutations found in their gastric cells .
The researchers also found that BER – a DNA repair mechanism linked to oxidative damage in mitochondrial DNA – was also affected during the infection with one of its components not being produced in quantities enough to allow proper DNA repair .
Machado , Figueiredo and colleagues ’ work reveal that H. pylori infection seems to affect temporarily the host DNA repair mechanisms resulting in a dangerous accumulation of mutations .
These mutations , although apparently eliminated when the infection is chronic , have , nevertheless , the potential to originate cancer as one escaped malignant cell is enough to trigger the whole process .
In conclusion , H. pylori - induced carcinogenesis is the combinatorial result of at least three linked mutagenic phenomena resulting from impairments in MMR , mitochondria and BER .
This work has several implications : for a start it helps to establish a definitive link between H. pylori and cancer development , explaining ( at least part of ) the molecular mechanism behind it , and maybe contributing to the development of better strategies for the prevention of stomach cancer .
In fact , trials to prevent cancer by eradicating the bacteria have had conflicting results , which now might be partially explained by the fact that H. pylori infection only seems to be mutagenic during the early stages of disease , so treatment at later stages of the disease would not be effective preventing cancer .
Until now consensus was that the optimum time to eradicate H. pylori was before intestinal metaplasia appeared , but even this seemed to be relevant in only a subset of subjects .
On the face of Machado and Figueiredo ’s study it will be interesting to see if eradication at a much earlier stage , more in agreement with the results here described , could help to substantially increase the number of those responding to treatment .
Finally , Machado and Figueiredo ’s study is also particularly important in those regions where both H. pylori infection and antibiotic resistance are at rift , and where some defend that - due to the high probability of reinfection - treating the disease is not worthwhile , as it shows that , at least among those patients recently infected , treatment can be crucial to prevent cancer .
Stomach cancer is not only incredibly widespread but it also has a very poor prognosis with less than 20 % of the patients - 15 % in the UK - surviving more than 5 years , what makes any new information on the disease with potential to help preventing it , particular important .
Article : Raquel Seruca , LeneJuel Rasmussen , “ Helicobacter pylori Infection Induces Genetic Instability of Nuclear and Mitochondrial DNA in Gastric Cells ” , Clinical Cancer Research - 15 , 2995 , May 1 , 2009 doi : 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-08-2686
WASHINGTON  A day after President Obama announced his choices for some of the most coveted ambassador posts in the world , his press secretary , Robert Gibbs , was asked about their credentials .
The new ambassador to France ?
What is his qualification ?
Does he speak French ?
“ He does , ” Mr. Gibbs said .
And the new ambassador to Britain ?
What is his qualification ?
“ He speaks English , ” Mr. Gibbs said .
Mr. Gibbs was kidding , but mastery of English may be one of the most relevant items on the résumé of Louis B. Susman , the new ambassador to the Court of St. James ’s .
Mr. Susman , a retired investment banker , earned the London posting not through diplomatic service but by collecting big checks for Mr. Obama ’s campaign .
Charles H. Rivkin , an entertainment mogul who once headed the company that created the Muppets , is heading to Paris for the same reason .
The practice of sending top fund - raisers to prestigious embassies is nothing new for presidents of either party .
But that is what makes Mr. Obama ’s nominations so noteworthy .
For a candidate who made grand promises to bring change to a capital where power and position are greased by money , the latest selections are a reminder that there are limits to just how much change the new president intends to bring .
May 22 , 2009
With Chrysler in bankruptcy and GM on the brink , Gregg Shotwell , a retired GM / Delphi worker and founder of the Soldiers of Solidarity network , looks at how autoworkers wound up in the situation they 're in today .
SOMETIMES , ONE can't see the precipice for the pitfalls .
When you 've lost a job or taken a steep pay cut ; when your pension is threatened and your backup plan nose - dives ; when you 're faced with foreclosure or stuck in an abandoned neighborhood ; when your biggest investment in life just lost half its value despite all the time , love , money and labor you put into it ; when you 're forced to relocate , but ca n't afford to uproot ; when you 're too young for Medicare and too old not to have pre-existing conditions that exclude you from health insurance ; when you 've followed all the rules only to find that the rules have changed -- when one or all of the above apply , it 's understandable that you may cling to your private barrel of anxieties as the current hurls you down the Niagara .
Understandable , but useless .
The barrels that we cling to -- contracts , unions , pensions , promises , IRAs , VEBAs -- will not protect us .
Workers ' rights are not defined by law or contract .
Workers ' rights are defined by struggle .
Empty barrels wo n't protect us from the precipice , and there 's no turning back .
The United States is not in a recession .
We 're getting " restructured " and " rationalized . "
The good news is the barrels that once provided an illusion of safety are smashed to smithereens .
From the wreckage , we can clearly see that either we all rise up together , or no one walks away with dignity , let alone a living wage .
The good news is no one -- not the salary workers , the knowledge workers or the retirees -- will be spared .
The carbon monoxide of ' too - bad - for - them - but - I 'm - okay ' complacency has blown away .
Catastrophe demands unity .
The good news is , our history can lead us .
Money is n't lost , it changes hands .
It 's not a conspiracy , it 's capitalism .
The transfer of wealth from labor to capital did n't begin with the current crisis .
We can trace it back to Caterpillar , Staley , Bridgestone and every lockout since then .
We can trace it back to the offshoring of steel , rubber , textile and electronics ; to restructured airlines that pilfered pensions ; and PATCO .
We can trace it back to narrow interest bargaining and lunch bucket politics that allowed the corps to pick us off , one isolated union at a time .
We can trace it back to Southern tenant farms and garment sweatshops in Manhattan .
What 's new is n't the method but the magnitude .
All workers in all sectors are under the whip this time .
THE DELPHI bankruptcy characterizes the contemporary strategy and serves as a template for what the Detroit Three and subsequent industries can expect .
Recently , Delphi abolished health care and life insurance for salary retirees .
The switch enabled the company to report to the SEC that it " swung to a $ 566 million net profit from a $ 577 million loss a year earlier " ( Autobeat , 5/13/09 ) .
Easy money .
Unearned money .
Lots of it .
Next , they will liquidate the salary pension .
What 's to stop them ?
Capitalism is the law .
GM and Chrysler may not achieve all their goals in the quick rinse bankruptcy controlled by the Feds , but they 'll be back in court to finish the job , just like Delphi .
Observe how history repeats itself .
Base wages at Delphi were negotiated by the UAW in 2004 , 18 months prior to bankruptcy : $ 14 per hour and no pension .
Base wages at the Detroit Three were negotiated by the UAW in 2007 , 18 months prior to bankruptcy : $ 14 per hour and no pension .
One coincidence leads to another .
Each new UAW contract promises security in exchange for concessions from workers .
The latest UAW Concession Con promised to deliver members from bankruptcy and plant closings .
As soon as it was ratified , Chrysler went into bankruptcy and announced more plant closings .
But the nail in the coffin is the agreement to settle the contract in 2011 by arbitration , based on nonunion standards .
That is n't a contract , it 's a death warrant for the UAW .
What could be more clear ?
The Concession Caucus has effectively decertified the UAW .
The union agrees not to strike and commits to a goal that nullifies any benefit to union membership .
This is the price we pay for company stock in a VEBA ?
The UAW signs confidentiality agreements with the companies and leaves members in the dark .
Read the actual contract language at the Soldiers of Solidarity Web site .
Read it and weep .
Weep for the unsung heroes who risked everything they loved in the depths of the Great Depression so the next generation might labor in dignity .
Weep for the youngsters , who tread in the footprints of the generation , and who chose to collaborate with management and sold their birthright for a bowl of maggots that the clipboards call joint programs .
Read it and revolt like the heroes of America 's civil rights movement , who faced guns and clubs , police dogs and fire hoses , pimped - out politicians , and judges controlled by cowards in hoods , so their children might live in dignity .
Read it and recognize that UAW members lost their voting rights .
We 're right back where we started .
Sometimes , where we started is the right place to be .
Recently , my wife Sheila and I ventured down to the crossroads in Clarksdale , Miss. , for the annual Juke Joint Festival .
Every year , it seems there is one old standard that predominates -- that bands play at every juke joint we frequent .
Each year , it 's different .
This year , it was " Big Boss Man " by Jimmy Reed .
Over and over again , we heard :
You got me working , boss man / Working ' round the clock .
I want me a drink of water /
You wo n't let me stop .
You big boss man / Can you hear me when I call ?
Oh , you ai n't so big / You just tall , that 's all .
The blues is essentially subversive .
Every blues , like every river , has an undercurrent , a subtext , a baseline shackled to oppression and resistance .
A song like " Baby Please Don't Go , " for example , is n't just another song about love .
It 's a song about slavery and addiction ; it 's a song about poverty and injustice ; it 's a song about fear and violence and solitary confinement .
And like every old blues , it 's a song about the struggle , the struggle to be human in an inhuman world -- like Detroit or Buffalo or Cleveland , N.C. .
Or a meatpacking plant in Postville , Iowa , that treats workers like animals , and where the Feds arrest those workers under regulations as cruel and uncivilized as Fugitive Slave Laws .
We 're right back where we started .
The authorities turned fire hoses and police dogs on the children in Birmingham , Ala. , in 1963 and arrested them just like the police beat and arrested children trying to escape the textile strike in Lawrence , Mass . , in 1912 .
The struggle is n't between North and South , black and white , native born and immigrant -- it 's between labor and capital .
When we try to take back what belongs to us , they will beat us and arrest us , and we will know exactly where we stand on the precipice .
, ” wild and imaginative sci- fi fantasy , comes from Belgian filmmaker ( writer - director ) . “ ” ( “ Toto le héros ” ) was Jaco Van Dormael ’s debut feature .
Since Toto , he ’s directed the romantic fantasy “ ” and “ . ”
His new movie “ Mr. Nobody ” was shot in both Germany and Quebec , Canada throughout 2007 and the first and incredible trailer for his movie has finally debuted .
Mr. Nemo Nobody is 35 years old .
He lives an ordinary life with his wife , Elise and three kids but , somehow , he wakes up one day and finds himself in the year 2092 .
In that time when Mars is a vacation spot , at 120 , Mr. Nobody is both the oldest man in the world and the last mortal of a new mankind where nobody dies anymore .
But that does n’t seem to interest or bother him very much .
The only questions that preoccupy him in the present is whether he lived the right life for himself , loved the woman whom he was supposed to love , and had the children whom he was meant to have … now his purpose is to find the right answer .
Described as a multi- layered love story , it sees ( “ Fight Club , ” “ Requiem for a Dream ” ) as Nemo .
“ Mr. Nobody ” also stars ( “ My Life Without Me , ” “ The Secret Life of Words ” ) as Elise , ( “ Inglourious Basterds ” ) as Anna , andamong others .
Right now , there ’s no U.S. release date .
The only currently known release dates are in October for Belgium and Finland and November for Norway .
“ Mr. Nobody ” International Trailer
The second reason why the US has such incredible high per person health care costs compared to Canada is how we do health care :
Americans like to believe that , with most things , more is better .
But research suggests that where medicine is concerned it may actually be worse .
For example , Rochester , Minnesota , where the Mayo Clinic dominates the scene , has fantastically high levels of technological capability and quality , but its Medicare spending is in the lowest fifteen per cent of the country — $ 6,688 per enrollee in 2006 , which is eight thousand dollars less than the figure for McAllen .
Two economists working at Dartmouth , Katherine Baicker and Amitabh Chandra , found that the more money Medicare spent per person in a given state the lower that state ’s quality ranking tended to be .
( New Yorker )
Note that Mayo model is not only the most efficient , but is widely regarded as the best health care .
People come from all over the world for the Mayo healthcare .
In the Mayo model , we have the most efficient cost ( $ 6,688 ) and in the McAllen model , the least efficient ( $ 6,688 + $ 8,000 ) .
By using the Mayo model and by assuming a normal distribution of costs between the best and worst models , we could half the savings ( $ 4,000 ) over an average cost ( $ 6,688 + $ 4,000 ) = 37 % .
So if we assume that health care cost ranges normally between the between the best and worst , by the numbers in this articles , then 37 % of the money being spent on health care could be improved .
Since only 69 cents of the health care insurance dollar goes to health care , 37 % of 69 cent is 26 cents .
So take away 26 cents , which leaves 43 cents on health insurance dollar really being spent on good core health care .
And basically this diagram analysis confirms the comparison with Canada costs , which is 29 % of what the US spends .
This confirms the recommendation that the US would like a more fully funded Canadian model .
Crossposted at MN Progressive Project .
Latest news : Pop star Michael Jackson dead at 50
Pop star Michael Jackson was pronounced dead today after paramedics found him in a coma at his Bel - Air mansion , city and law enforcement sources told The Times .
Los Angeles Fire Department Capt .
Steve Ruda told The Times that paramedics responded to a 911 call from the home .
When they arrived , Jackson was not breathing .
The paramedics performed CPR and took Jackson to UCLA Medical Center , Ruda said .
Hundreds of reporters gathered at the hospital awaiting word on his condition .
The sources , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said family members rushed to Jackson ’s bedside , where he was in a deep coma .
The circumstances of Jackson ’s death remain unclear .
Law enforcement sources said that Los Angeles Police Department robbery - homicide detectives have opened an investigation into the death , though they stressed that there is no evidence of criminal wrongdoing .
The detectives plan to interview relatives , friends and Jackson ’s doctors to try to figure out what happened .
The L.A. County coroner ’s office will determine a cause of death .
A Los Angeles Fire Department source told The Times that Jackson was in full cardiac arrest when rescue units arrived .
A doctor was in the house performing CPR on Jackson , said the source who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media .
Paramedics were called to a home in the 100 block of Carolwood Drive off Sunset Boulevard .
Jackson rented the Bel - Air home -- described as a French chateau built in 2002 with seven bedrooms , 13 bathrooms , 12 fireplaces and a theater -- for $ 100,000 a month .
The home is about a six - minute drive from UCLA Medical Center .
Jackson has three children -- sons Prince Michael 7 , and Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , 12 , and daughter Paris Michael Katherine , 11 .
Jackson , 50 , died as he was attempting a comeback after years of tabloid headlines , most notably his trial and acquittal on child molestation charges .
In May , The Times reported that Jackson had rented the Bel - Air residence and was rehearsing for a series of 50 sold - out shows in London 's O2 Arena .
Jackson had won the backing of two billionaires to get the so - called " King of Pop " back on stage .
His backers envisioned the shows at AEG 's O2 as an audition for a career rebirth that could have ultimately encompassed a three - year world tour , a new album , movies , a Graceland - like museum , musical revues in Las Vegas and Macau , and even a " Thriller " casino .
Such a rebound could have wiped out Jackson 's massive debt .
[ Updated post ]
-- Andrew Blankstein and Phil Willon
Photos : Michael Jackson , 1958 - 2009
Photos :
Fans grieve worldwide
Location of Jackson 's Bel - Air home in relation to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center .
Dans quelques semaines , la cour d'appel de Stockholm décidera si , comme l'affirment les avocats de The Pirate Bay , le juge qui a condamné les administrateurs du site en première instance était noyé dans un trop grand conflit d'intérêts pour maintenir la validité du jugement .
Mais le juge chargé de juger son confrère est lui-même lié aux avocats de l'accusation .
C’est à se demander si le procès de The Pirate Bay cessera un jour de connaître des rebondissements .
Comme nous l’indiquions encore la semaine dernière , les avocats de la défense ont apporté de nouvelles preuves du fait que le juge Tomas Norström qui a condamné les administrateurs du site de liens BitTorrent est lui-même membre de lobbys du droit d’auteur , et qu’il n’avait pas été choisi au hasard par l’administration judiciaire .
Si le conflit d’intérêts est avéré par la cour d’appel , le procès d’appel s’arr êtera immédiatement et l’affaire repartira au tribunal de première instance , pour être présidé par un autre magistrat .
C’est ce qu’espèrent les avocats de The Pirate Bay , qui ne cessent de dénoncer des soupçons de corruption au plus haut niveau de l’administration depuis que la plainte fut déposée .
Avant l’ouverture du procès ,
The Pirate Bay avait déjà découvert que des pressions avaient été exercées sur le gouvernement suédois par des lobbys et l’administration américaine pour condamner The Pirate Bay , puis que l’un des principaux enquêteurs avait été employé par Warner Bros pendant le cours de l’instruction .
Aujourd ’hui , le juge chargé de statuer sur le conflit d’intérêts a été désigné .
Il s’agira de Anders Eka .
Mais le porte - parole de The Pirate Bay Peter Sunde a immédiatement dénoncé sur son blog le fait que Anders Eka est membre du Centre de Stockholm pour le Droit Commercial , dans la section « centre de recherche sur les droits des médias « .
Une section où figurent également Monique Wasted ( l’avocate du lobby du cinéma ) , Peter Danowsky ( l’avocat de l’industrie du disque ) , Jan Rosén ( assistant de Monique Wasted sur le procès de TPB , mais aussi président de l’association suédoise du droit d’auteur ) , et Daniel Westman ( un autre lobbyiste du droit d’auteur ) .
Mais où ne figurent aucun des avocats de The Pirate Bay .
« Et je viens seulement de commencer à Googler les noms de ces gens … ça m’a pris plus de temps pour écrire ce billet de blog que de trouver l’information .
Comment ça se fait que personne d’autre ne le fasse ? « , conclut Peter Sunde .
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg proposed a budget Friday that would increase the city ’s sales tax by half a percentage point as the centerpiece of $ 1 billion in new taxes to help the city avoid deeper spending cuts and minimize layoffs .
Even clothing , which has long enjoyed at least a partial exemption from the city sales tax as a way to make city retailers more attractive than their suburban counterparts , would be subject to Mr. Bloomberg ’s proposal .
If approved by the City Council and the State Legislature , the increase would apply to the city ’s portion of the sales tax , which , when added to a state tax and transit tax , would lift the total rate to 8.875 percent , one of the highest in the country .
Only once since 1974 has the city ’s part of the sales tax gone up , and that was a temporary 0.125 percentage - point increase from 2003 to 2005 .
But this time , Mr. Bloomberg did not utter the word “ temporary . ”
So if the proposal is enacted , a typical household in New York City making $ 35,000 a year would have to pay an extra $ 129 a year in sales taxes , clothing included , according to estimates by the city ’s Independent Budget Office .
A household making $ 125,000 would pay an additional $ 356 a year , and one making $ 500,000 would pay $ 840 more .
Without the black boxes to help explain what went wrong , the investigation has focused on a flurry of automated messages sent by the plane minutes before it lost contact .
One of the messages suggests external speed sensors had iced over , destabilising the plane 's control systems .
Did some of the alleged spies help Israel with its bombing of Lebanon in 2006 ?
By Jim Muir
BBC News , Beirut
Israel 's ability to wage another war against the militant Shia movement Hezbollah may have been compromised by an unprecedented wave of arrests of people in Lebanon alleged to have been spying for the Israelis .
Experts say the arrests appear to add up to a major strategic blow to Israel .
Mobile phone footage circulating in Beirut shows one of the suspected agents being slapped and insulted as he was manhandled out of his house and into the boot of a car .
Lebanese newspapers have reported that more than 40 members of more than a dozen spy networks have been detained so far in a campaign that has gathered pace over the past six weeks , and shows no sign of stopping .
Israel has so far made no public comment on what could be one of its worst - ever intelligence setbacks .
Hassan Nasrallah urged any remaining Israeli spies to turn themselves in Hardly a day goes by without agents from the Lebanese police , army or general security raiding homes or workplaces in different parts of the country , and taking suspects away .
It could be a butcher or pharmacist in a remote south Lebanese village , a customs official in eastern Baalbek , or a high - ranking army officer from the north .
Several alleged agents who knew they were on the wanted list fled across the border to Israel .
Lebanon has asked the United Nations forces in the south , Unifil , to get them back .
Some of those detained are suspected of providing Israel with information enabling it to strike Hezbollah targets during the 2006 war , which saw dozens of buildings in Beirut 's southern suburbs and other parts of the country destroyed by Israeli air or missile strikes .
Others are alleged to have been involved in trying to pinpoint the whereabouts of Hezbollah or other militant leaders past and present , including the current Hezbollah chief , Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah .
Surprise suspects
Those detained have not been seen since they were taken away , and lawyers have not had access to them .
But details of the allegations and reported confessions have leaked out in Lebanese newspaper reports as interrogations continue at army and police centres .
The net has appeared to spread ever wider and has produced many surprise suspects .
A retired general from the Internal Security Forces , Adib al - Alam , and his wife were among the earlier detentions .
Reports alleged he had confessed to being an Israeli informant for the past 15 years .
Lifelong militant Newspapers reported another startling penetration among the most recent arrests - a highly - decorated , twice - wounded Lebanese army colonel from the Christian area of Akkar in northern Lebanon , who commanded the military 's Special Forces school .
Another unusual suspect was Ziad al - Homsi , the deputy mayor of Saadnayel , a Sunni town in the eastern Beqaa valley .
The townspeople were stunned and angered by his detention by army intelligence agents in the middle of the night .
Mr al - Homsi , 60 , was a pillar of his community and a lifelong militant for pan-Arab causes , who had trained at a Soviet military academy .
The walls of his house are adorned with pictures of him as a young fighter battling the Israelis in south Lebanon , including one taken with Yasser Arafat in the Arqoub mountains there as long ago as 1969 .
" How can they accuse a man like him , who spent all his history fighting Israel , of working with the Israelis ? " asked his daughter Salma .
" My dad is innocent , " she insisted .
" There is no evidence that proclaims that he is spying for Israel .
I think he is a victim of the elections in Lebanon . "
Mr al - Homsi was associated with the western - backed , anti-Syrian " 14 March " coalition that is fighting to retain its narrow majority in national elections on 7 June .
Surveillance gadgets
But the coalition did not take up his cause , and the arrests in general have not become an election issue , because they have been across the board - Sunnis , Shiites , Christians and Palestinians are all among those detained , with no obvious political or sectarian bias .
Lebanese security forces displayed hi-tech communication and surveillance gadgets said to have been found concealed in the homes of some of the suspects .
Explaining the sudden spectacular rash of arrests , Lebanese officials have said that unspecified technological breakthroughs made it all possible .
That may be so .
But many unanswered questions remain .
One of the basic principles in setting up espionage networks is that their cells should not be linked in any way , so that the discovery of one does not lead to the kind of wider collapse that seems now to be taking place .
Did the Israelis - who have said nothing to discredit the daily revelations in Beirut - break that fundamental rule ?
" Certainly it seems to have been a systemic failure by Israel , " said security expert Alastair Crooke , who focuses on Islamic movements .
" Maybe it was a chance find , maybe it was from one person that they interrogated leading to the uncovering of many others , but that in itself would be highly unusual . "
Most likely , the arrests were the product of months , perhaps several years , of counter - intelligence work .
Present and vigilant
But by whom ?
Is it just coincidence that the various different arms of Lebanese security suddenly began making this series of surprise detentions ?
Or were they being primed by other intelligence services ?
Hezbollah 's own role remains obscure .
Lebanese officials say it has not been involved in the campaign , and it has certainly taken a low and ostensibly passive profile during the revelations .
The loss of these eyes and ears within Lebanon is undoubtedly a major strategic setback for Israel
Alastair Crooke
Intelligence analyst But Hezbollah is present and vigilant in many of the areas concerned .
It also has strong ties with Iran and Syria , whose intelligence services are no slouches .
One Lebanese analyst even went so far as to suggest that events may have come full cycle .
Before the 1979 revolution in Iran , Israel 's Mossad was deeply involved in training and advising the Shah 's dreaded secret police , Savak - a legacy of expertise inherited by Tehran 's current Islamic rulers , who were instrumental in establishing Hezbollah in Lebanon and retain very close ties with the movement .
Whatever the case , the head of Lebanon 's Internal Security Forces , Gen. Ashraf Rifi , said the dismantling of so many networks amounted to a strategic blow of the utmost seriousness , unprecedented in the history of the Arab - Israeli conflict .
Other observers agree .
" The loss of these eyes and ears within Lebanon is undoubtedly a major strategic setback for Israel , " said intelligence analyst Alastair Crooke .
" Networks of these sorts do n't come off the shelf in a supermarket .
You can lose them in ten minutes , but they can take 5 , 10 , 15 years to put in place .
So the importance of this should not be underestimated . "
Israeli air strikes on Beirut in 2006 destroyed dozens of buildings
In the meantime , Lebanon is left in a psychosis of uncertainty and speculation , with rumours that the arrests could spread higher and deeper into the country 's establishment .
The Hezbollah leader , Hassan Nasrallah , has urged remaining Israeli agents or informers to turn themselves in and " rejoin the homeland " , in exchange for leniency .
He has also called for the death penalty for those proven to have provided Israel with information that led to the loss of lives and property .
Public consciousness of the affair is so high that it is hard to imagine that remaining Israeli spies would not be either paralysed or preparing to flee the country , if they have not done so already .
In any future confrontation with Hezbollah , the Israelis would want to rely heavily on vital human intelligence .
The indications are that their capabilities in that respect may have been severely compromised .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( IPS ) - A recent report issued - and later withdrawn - by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security 's Office of Intelligence and Analysis warned of the possibility of an up - tick in violent activities by right - wing extremist groups .
The assessment pointed to a number of factors , including the election of the country 's first African American president , the economic crisis combined with escalating unemployment , and conservative - initiated rumors that the Barack Obama administration would advocate stricter gun control regulations , that might fuel a growth in " right - wing extremist groups " , and homegrown terrorist incidents .
Titled " Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment , " it drew immediate criticism from conservative pundits and media personalities , but one " key finding " was particularly seized upon .
" Returning veterans possess combat skills and experience that are attractive to rightwing extremists , " read the section " Disgruntled Military Veterans " .
" DHS / I & A is concerned that rightwing extremists will attempt to recruit and radicalize returning veterans in order to boost their violent capabilities . "
" The willingness of a small percentage of military personnel to join extremist groups during the 1990s because they were disgruntled , disillusioned , or suffering from the psychological effects of war is being replicated today , " the report said .
It pointed out that a 2008 FBI report on the white supremacist movement had noted that " some returning military veterans " from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan had " joined extremist groups " .
While many claimed to have found those passages offensive , the DHS warning reflected the changes in military recruitment policy guidelines .
By loosening its standards , the military has allowed " large numbers of neo - Nazis and skinhead extremists " into the service , a July 2006 Southern Poverty Law Centre report pointed out .
" Since the launch of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , the U.S. military has struggled to recruit and reenlist troops [ and ] as the conflicts have dragged on , the military has loosened regulations , issuing ' moral waivers ' in many cases , allowing even those with criminal records to join up , " Matt Kennard recently pointed out in Salon .
In addition , the military appears to have turned a blind eye to previous regulations that rejected members of hate groups .
" The lax regulations , " Kennard wrote , " have also opened the military 's doors to neo -Nazis , white supremacists and gang members - with drastic consequences .
Some neo -Nazis have been charged with crimes inside the military , and others have been linked to recruitment efforts for the white right . "
According to the Southern Poverty Law Centre , an Alabama - based group that tracks the activities of hate groups , neo -Nazi groups such as the National Alliance , whose founder the late William Pierce was the author of " The Turner Diaries " - a best selling book among white nationalists and the novel that was said to have inspired Timothy McVeigh to bomb the Oklahoma City federal building - have infiltrated the military .
" We ’ve got Aryan Nations graffiti in Baghdad , and that ’s a problem , " the SPLC quoted a Defence Department investigatory report as stating .
An SPLC report on the subject of white supremacists in the military also quoted Scott Barfield , a Defence Department spokesperson , who said that " Recruiters are knowingly allowing neo -Nazis and white supremacists to join the armed forces , and commanders do n’t remove them from the military even after we positively identify them as extremists or gang members . "
The change in recruitment policy - at least surreptitiously - appears to have materialised at a time when the military was finding it more difficult to keep up its recruitment quotas .
" They do n’t want to make a big deal again about neo - Nazis in the military , because then parents who are already worried about their kids signing up and dying in Iraq are going to be even more reluctant about their kids enlisting if they feel they ’ll be exposed to gangs and white supremacists , " Barfield said .
In 1996 , the Pentagon " declared a zero - tolerance policy for racist hate groups " , the New York Times reported in July 2006 .
The " crackdown " came after " revelations that [ Timothy ]
McVeigh had espoused far - right ideas when he was in the Army and recruited two fellow soldiers to aid his [ Oklahoma City ] bomb plot , " the Times reported .
" Those revelations were followed by a furor that developed when three white paratroopers were convicted of the random slaying of a black couple in order to win tattoos , and 19 others were discharged for participating in neo -Nazi activities . "
According to Matt Kennard , " Today a complete ban on membership in racist organizations appears to have been lifted - though the proliferation of white supremacists in the military is difficult to gauge .
The military does not track them as a discrete category , coupling them with gang members .
But one indication of the scope comes from the FBI . "
" There will undoubtedly be a up - tick in violence because these guys [ veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan ] have been over there and solving problems with guns over the past few years , " Leonard Zeskind , author of the recently published " Blood and Politics : The History of the White Nationalist Movement from the Margins to the Mainstream " , told IPS in a telephone interview .
" However , most of the way that it is thus far manifesting itself is in a rising number of suicides and domestic violence .
The cases of post - traumatic stress disorder are overwhelming , " he said .
In reality , Zeskind added , the Department of Homeland Security " presents only a very thin sliver of the issue of returning veterans in the report " .
_______
About author Bill Berkowitz is a longtime observer of the conservative movement .
His Conservative Watch columns document the strategies , players , institutions , victories and defeats of the American Right .
The genetic profiles of hundreds of ­thousands of innocent people are to be kept on the national DNA database for up to 12 years in a decision critics claim is designed to sidestep a European human rights ruling that the " blanket " retention of suspects ' data is unlawful .
The proposed new rules for the national DNA databaseto be put forward tomorrow by the home secretary , Jacqui Smith , include plans to keep the DNA profiles of innocent people who are arrested but not convicted of minor offences for six years .
The proposal would also apply to children from age 10 who are arrested but never successfully prosecuted .
In cases of more serious violent and sexual crime , innocent people 's genetic codes will be kept for 12 years .
It was widely expected that the DNA profiles , samples and fingerprints of 850,000 innocent people kept on the database would be destroyed in response to the ruling by the European court of human rights last December .
But the proposals fall short of those expectations and contrast sharply with the situation in Scotland , where only the DNA profiles of suspects arrested for serious violent and sexual offences are retained for a maximum of five years .
Human rights groups , and opposition politicians united tonightin expressing dismay that the Home Office had rejected that option and predicted a race to the courts to challenge the new policy .
" The government just does n't get this , " said the shadow home secretary , Chris Grayling .
The Liberal Democrats ' Chris Huhne added : " This is an undignified rearguard action designed to give as little as possible . "
Liberty 's Shami Chakrabarti said : " Wholly innocent people – including ­children – will have their most intimate details stockpiled for years on a database that will remain massively out of step with the rest of the world . "
But Home
Office ministers say their ­proposals do comply with the landmark S and Marper judgment in Strasbourg which declared unlawful their policy of keeping all unconvicted suspects '
DNA profiles indefinitely because of its " blanket and indiscriminate " nature .
The police are now to be asked to spend up to two years trawling the existing 850,000 DNA profiles – the numerical digital code recording the individual 's DNA – of innocent people on the database to see if any of them have a criminal record for any other offences .
The Home Office say 350,000 are known to be linked to entries on the police national computer .
For the remaining 500,000 it is not yet possible to say whether their arrest led to a conviction or not and their DNA profile will be removed only once this check has been made .
The package proposed by the home secretary to meet the ruling include :
• Retaining indefinitely all DNA profiles and fingerprints of those convicted of an imprisonable offence .
• Keeping for 12 years the DNA profiles of those arrested but not convicted of serious sexual and violent offences .
• Keeping for six years the DNA profiles of those arrested but not convicted of minor offences .
• Removing the profiles of children when they reach 18 only if they have been arrested for only one minor offence .
• Adding the profiles of 30,000 more criminals convicted abroad or serving community sentences for serious offences .
• Destroying the genetic DNA samples held by the police once they have been converted into a DNA profile .
The home secretary said the database proposals would ensure that " the right people are on it , as well as considering where people should come off " .
The Home Office estimates that even this package will mean 4,500 fewer crimes each year being detected ­compared with the current policy of retaining indefinitely the profiles of all those arrested .
" It is crucial that we do everything we can to protect the public by preventing crime and bringing offenders to justice .
The DNA database plays a vital role in helping us do that and will help ensure that a great many criminals are behind bars where they belong , " said Smith .
But Grayling said : " Ministers are just trying to get away with as little as they can instead of taking action to remove innocent people from the database . "
Huhne added that the number of innocent people on the database had risen to 925,000 since December 's ruling .
Actor Stacy Keach , recently seen in W. and “ E.R. ” ( as character “ Mike Gates ” in a three - episode arc ) has been hospitalized .
He is said to be stable .
Stacy Keach Hospitalized
The details of Stacy Keach ’s hospitalization have not been released :
His spokesperson tells the Los Angeles Times Keach went in for an “ undisclosed ailment . ”
He is expected to be released sometime today , according to the New York Daily News .
About Stacy Keach
Stacy Keach , 67 , is currently playing the part of Richard Nixon in a touring version of “ Frost / Nixon , ” the play - turned - movie ( and now back to being a play ) about the now - infamous 1977 interview .
The Ahmanson Theatre , which is behind the production , apparently got word on Tuesday that Keach would not be at the show .
An understudy was set to take his place .
Keach ’s on - screen career dates back 1953 , when he appeared on a TV show called “ Cavalcade of America . ”
His first credited movie role was 1958 ’s Joy Ride .
This kind of eloquence is different from what I think of as rhetorical prettiness -- words and phrases that catch your notice as you hear them , and that often can be quoted , remembered , and referred to long afterwards .
" Ask not ... " from John F. Kennedy .
" Blood , toil , tears , and sweat " from Winston Churchill .
" Only thing we have to fear is fear itself " from FDR .
" I have a dream , " from Martin Luther King .
Or , to show that memorable language does not necessarily mean elevated thought , " segregation today , segregation tomorrow , segregation forever ! " from the early George C. Wallace .
At rare moments in history , language that goes beyond prettiness to beauty is matched with original , serious , difficult thought to produce the political oratory equivalent of Shakespeare .
By acclamation Lincoln 's Second Inaugural Address is the paramount American achievement of this sort : " With malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right ... "
The reason to distinguish eloquence of thought from prettiness of expression is that the former tells you something important about the speaker , while the latter may or may not do so .
Hired assistants can add a fancy phrase , much as gag writers can supply a joke .
Not even his greatest admirers considered George W. Bush naturally expressive , but in his most impressive moment , soon after the 9/11 attacks , he delivered a speech full of artful writerly phrases , eg : " Whether we bring our enemies to justice or bring justice to our enemies , justice will be done . "
Good for him , and good for his staff .
Rhetorical polish , that is , can be a staff - enhanced virtue .
The eloquence that comes from original thought is much harder to hire , or to fake .
This is the sort of eloquence we 've seen from Obama often enough to begin to expect .
___
The passages that struck me from this speech were the same ones Andrew Sullivan just highlighted :
I do not suggest that the debate surrounding abortion can or should go away .
No matter how much we may want to fudge it - indeed , while we know that the views of most Americans on the subject are complex and even contradictory - the fact is that at some level , the views of the two camps are irreconcilable .
This is not " pretty " as language .
" Fudge it " ???
But it is surprisingly honest as thought .
In this world of competing claims about what is right and what is true , have confidence in the values with which you 've been raised and educated .
Be unafraid to speak your mind when those values are at stake .
Hold firm to your faith and allow it to guide you on your journey .
Stand as a lighthouse .
But remember too that the ultimate irony of faith is that it necessarily admits doubt .
It is the belief in things not seen .
It is beyond our capacity as human beings to know with certainty what God has planned for us or what He asks of us , and those of us who believe must trust that His wisdom is greater than our own .
This doubt should not push us away from our faith .
But it should humble us .
It should temper our passions , and cause us to be wary of self - righteousness .
It should compel us to remain open , and curious , and eager to continue the moral and spiritual debate that began for so many of you within the walls of Notre Dame .
And within our vast democracy , this doubt should remind us to persuade through reason , through an appeal whenever we can to universal rather than parochial principles , and most of all through an abiding example of good works , charity , kindness , and service that moves hearts and minds .
I challenge you to find a sentence there that will be remembered , " I have a dream " - style .
But the thought , complete with non-politician - like emphasis on " irony " and " doubt , " is an important one , and not likely staff - borne .
Obama will support credit card reform , hoping to spur increase in savings rate RAW STORY
Published : Sunday April 19 , 2009
Print This Email This One of Americans ' traditional financial foes  credit cards companies  may soon be more tightly regulated in favor of consumers .
President Barack Obama is willing to sign a " credit card bill of rights " if it is passed by Congress , White House economic adviser Larry Summers said today on NBC's Meet the Press .
The bill , under consideration by both the House and the Senate , would - among other things - limit the ability of credit card companies to raise interest rates on existing balances .
The changes would be a huge relief to Americans drowning in debt during the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
The White House hopes it will spur an increase in the current historically low U.S. household savings rate .
Summers said Obama will soon focus " on a whole set of issues having to do with credit card abuses , having to do with the way people have been deceived into paying extraordinarily high rates that they would n't have paid if they knew what they were getting themselves into . "
The AP reported :
Summers said the administration wants to see a better - regulated financial system , encourage savings and eventually get back to a situation where government spending is not a drain on the economy .
" Individuals are going to have to save more , that 's why savings incentives are so important , " he said .
" That 's why we need to do things to stop the marketing of credit in ways that addicts people to it - so that our households are again saving , and families are again preparing to send kids to college , for their retirement , and so forth . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
President Obama today selected Sonia Sotomayor as his first nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court .
If confirmed , she would become the first Latin American and only the third woman to sit on the highest court in the land .
The hot topic of conversation surrounding her nomination is affirmative action , but over in Gristland , we ’re wondering , just how green is she ?
Sotomayor ’s limited record on environmental cases is pretty promising , indicating that she will likely follow in the footsteps of the justice she would replace , David Souter , who was a reliable green vote .
“ This is the best Supreme Court nomination in many years , ” EarthJustice President Tripp Van Noppen gushed to Grist .
“ She ’s got more judicial experience than any nominee in 70 years , more federal judicial experience than any nominee in 100 years …
She ’s very strong in terms of experience . ”
He acknowledged that she does n’t have many major environmental decisions to her name , but said that her record indicates she will be faithful to the rule of environmental law .
“ She ’s ruled both ways on environmental cases , so it ’s not like she ’s ideologically committed one way or another , and that ’s not what we look for in a judge , ” said Van Noppen .
“ We look for a willingness to be fair in applying the law . ”
The most significant environmental case in Sotomayor ’s record is her ruling in 2007 ’s Riverkeeper , Inc. v. EPA .
The case centered on whether or not the Environmental Protection Agency should be allowed to consider the cost - effectiveness of measures to protect fish and other aquatic life forms in rivers and lakes near power plants .
Sotomayor argued in her decision that the EPA should not use cost - benefit analysis to determine what technologies to use for cooling - water intake structures at power plants .
The Clean Water
Act says that these intake structures must use the “ best technology available ” to prevent harm to aquatic life ( i.e. , fish getting stuck on machinery , or smaller fish getting sucked right up into the system ) , but it does n’t specify what would qualify as such .
Sotomayor argued that the determination should be based on the environmental benefit , honoring the original intent of the Clean Water Act :
“… assuming the EPA has determined that power plants governed by the Phase II Rule can reasonably bear the price of technology that saves between 100 - 105 fish , the EPA , given a choice between a technology that costs $ 100 to save 99 - 101 fish and one that costs $ 150 to save 100 - 103 fish ( with all other considerations , like energy production or efficiency , being equal ) , could appropriately choose the cheaper technology on cost - effectiveness grounds .
The Agency is therefore precluded from undertaking such cost - benefit analysis because the [ best technology available ] standard represents Congress ’s conclusion that the costs imposed on industry in adopting the best cooling water intake structure technology available ( i.e. , the best - performing technology that can be reasonably borne by the industry ) are worth the benefits in reducing adverse environmental impacts .
In April , the Supreme Court overturned her decision in a 6 - 3 ruling in favor of the power companies – a major disappointment for enviros .
“ [ Sotomayor ] took the line that we and most environmental groups would agree with , which I think is the proper construction of the statute , ” said Jay Austin , a senior attorney at the Environmental Law Institute .
“ This clearly shows that she understands these issues . ”
But Van Noppen also pointed to a 2004 case in the Second Circuit , Environmental Defense v. the United States Environmental Protection Agency , in which she sided against environmentalists who challenged the EPA ’s acceptance of a New York state plan to meet national air quality standards for ozone .
She did n’t author the decision , but agreed with the majority in deciding for the EPA .
Still , Van Noppen said her record indicates both that she acknowledges the rights of citizens to challenge regulatory authorities if they fail to uphold their legal mandate , and that she affirms the authority of environmental regulatory agencies .
This perspective differs markedly from the one shared by the Supreme Court ’s four conservative justices – Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas , John Roberts , and Samuel Alito – who have repeatedly challenged both these premises .
“ She ’s likely to honor citizens ’ rights to use the courts to enforce the law , because that ’s the way those laws are written , and to use the authority of those agencies to carry out their mission as it has been created by Congress , ” said Van Noppen .
Court is in order
If Sotomayor is confirmed , it wo n’t shift the court on this and similar issues .
Though Souter was appointed by Republican George H.W. Bush , he tended to side with the more liberal members of the court — he was among the justices who sided with Sotomayor ’s original decision in the Riverkeeper case .
“ I ’m not sure any Obama appointee was going to be in the position to shift the court at this point , given that you ’re talking about replacing Souter ’s vote , and he was pretty good on all of our issues , ” said Austin .
Sotomayor was also a Bush appointee , named to the District Court for the Southern District of New York by President George H.W. Bush in 1991 and promoted to the Second Circuit by President Bill Clinton in 1997 .
Environmentalists are optimistic she ’ll follow Souter ’s example , voting for the most part with liberal justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , John Paul Stevens , and Stephen Breyer .
( The only justice counted as a swing vote on environmental issues is Anthony Kennedy . )
In the next few years , new lawmaking on climate change is expected and several key climate cases could reach the high court .
It was the Supreme Court which , in 2007 , determined that the EPA has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide under the Clean Air Act if it determines that carbon dioxide is a threat to public welfare .
The EPA concluded last month that it is in fact a threat , triggering the beginning of regulation of these planet - warming gases .
“ The climate change decision two years was a landmark case , ” said Van Noppen .
“ Until that ruling came from the Supreme Court , there was a major obstacle in front of the EPA on moving forward on climate change …
Once that obstacle was removed , it gave a more sympathetic administration the ability to do some things , so that ’s a way that a Supreme Court decision could have a big affect . ”
It ’s quite likely that the Supreme Court will be again be tasked with determining some of the tough questions about just what is within the EPA ’s regulatory authority when it comes to climate change .
Any regulations coming from the agency will inevitably meet challenge from industry , environmentalists , or both .
And if Congress moves to write new law dealing with climate change more specifically by capping and putting a price on carbon dioxide , the new law will also meet a host of legal challenges which could eventually funnel up to the highest court in the land .
Meanwhile , there are also a number of suits in district courts challenging the legality of the various regional programs to regulate greenhouse - gas emissions that could become more pertinent if Congress does n’t write a new law this year .
Industries that operate in multiple states have balked at the fact that they exist within different regulatory frameworks right now , and have raised the issue of whether this violates interstate commerce laws .
Other major issues that could come before the Court in the next few years include revisiting exactly what bodies of water are covered under the Clean Water Act , which has been a subject of debate for years because the original language in the legislation is not entirely clear .
Whether or not wetlands and rivers and streams that exist only during certain seasons should be covered by the law needs to be decided , whether by new legislative language or a Court ruling .
The Endangered Species
Act is another major environmental law almost constantly under litigation in district courts , and key decisions could funnel up to the Supreme Court in the near future .
One area that could be ripe for a Supreme Court evaluation is the question of what existing laws can do to protect species threatened by climate change , an issue that environmentalists have raised repeatedly when it comes to the polar bear .
The Center for Biological Diversity has filed suit in federal court against six agencies of the federal government on the basis that they have not addressed the impacts of warming on endangered species .
“ Ultimately , the Supreme Court will probably have to decide how narrowly or broadly the courts are going to look at climate change policy , ” said Austin .
By all indications , Sotomayor will side with the liberal justices on the issue .
Fan Does A Bruce Lee Flying Kick At A Yankees Game
Total Pro Sports –
What better way to take in a game at the New Yankee Stadium than getting into a drunken fight and throwing a flying kick down a few stairs .
Unfortunately this fan , who may have watched one too many Bruce Lee flicks , got the worse end of this scrap .
During an argument in the crowd at the Yankees vs. Angels game this past Saturday , a spectator in the crowd had their video recorder going and caught the climax of the altercation .
It began with a flying kick from a man with a Yankee shirt ( number 2 on the back ) , and ended with him taking some vicious punches square to the face .
The two were finally broken up by security .
The Yankees would go on to lose the game 8 - 4 , as C. C. Sabathia took the loss to go to 1 - 3 on the season with a 4.85 ERA .
Its no wonder Yankee fans are so angry .
Watching another performance like that from the over - sized , and seemingly over - paid pitcher is enough to work up most fans in New York these days .
Here ’s the clip .
This is worth watching a couple of times to make sure you catch it all .
Share This
The basic steps in swaging almost any jacketed bullet are : Swage the core to exact weight / size using CSW - 1 Core Swage
Seat the core into the jacket using CS - 1 Core Seater
For rebated boattails instead of flat bases ...
Seat the core into the jacket using RBT - 2 2 - die set
For any of the above ...
Form the ogive or nose curve using PF - 1 Point Former
For lead tips ...
Shape the surplus lead at tip using LT - 1 Lead Tip
If you would like to see each of these steps detailed , just click the underlined words above .
All of the various catalog numbers for swage die sets are made by combining the above dies .
The combination of core swage , core seat and point form die makes the FJFB - 3 ( 3 - die set for flat base , open tip or FMJ bullets ) .
The combination of core swage , rebated boattail 2 - die set , and point form die makes the RBT0 - 4 4 - die set for rebated boattail , open tip bullets .
Add a lead tip die to the FJFB - 3 set , and you have the LTFB - 4 set which simply adds the ability to make nice pointy lead tips .
Add the same LT die to the RBTO - 4 set , and you add lead tips to the rebated boattail open tip set .
You can also add the CS - 1 core seater to any rebated boattail set and add flat base capability .
For instance , the RBTL - 5 set plus a CS - 1 core seater gives you the FRBL - 6 all - style system , which has one of each kind of die and makes flat , rebated boattail , open or lead tip bullets .
You can add dies any time to expand the capability .
You only use a maximum of five dies for any given bullet , and a minimum of three dies ( except for semi- wadcutter style bullets , which can use one or two dies ) .
If all you want to do is get the right equipment for a given bullet , send Dave Corbin an e-mail , fax , or letter describing the bullet you want to make .
Give a general range of weights , the diameter of the bullet , and a description of any special features you want .
You do n't have to read or understand any of the information presented here , in order to get the right package .
The equipment comes with complete instructions and samples .
But if you WANT to know more , read on ...
The most popular set of dies for making jacketed bullets is the Corbin FJFB - 3 - S or FJFB - 3 - H , depending on whether you want to use the S - Press ( .10 to .458 diameter bullets , up to 1.3 inch OAL ) or the larger Mega Mite , Hydro Junior , or Hydro Press ( .17 cal to 25 mm , virtually any length bullet ) .
Both the -S and the - H types of dies work the same way .
The - H dies are larger and use a 1 inch x 12 thread .
The - S dies use a 5/8 - 24 thread and have a body of from 3/4 - inch to 1.0 inch depending on the caliber ( small calibers such as .17 , .14 , .12 and .10 generaly are made with 3/4 inch bodies ) .
The First Step : Swaging the Core
The operation starts with the jacket because the jacket determines the diameter for the core ( the filling for the bullet ) .
The solid materials must be small enough to fit inside the jacket before swaging .
Very thin jackets , such as those made from fired .22 cases , may only have 0.012 inch thick walls .
Thick jackets made from copper tubing may have .035 inch thick walls .
Typical commercially made jackets that you can buy in bags of 250 or 500 from Corbin may have walls of .020 to .026 inch thickness ( some handgun jackets have thinner walls for faster expansion at low velocities ) .
The jacket determines the size of the lead core ( which must fit inside it ) .
Once the core size is known , then a core swage die ( CSW - 1 ) can be made to accept the nearest smaller standard size of wire core .
Corbin offers lead wire in standard diameters , core moulds so you can melt scrap lead and cast it into variable weight slugs or cylinders of standard diameters , and lead wire extruders so you can make your own lead wire in any standard or custom size .
Generally , you will want a lead wire sized at least .002 inches smaller than the desired core .
The wire can be quite a bit smaller , in fact .
The only limit is the length of material needed to make the desired weight .
If the core is too small in diameter , it will fold or fail to fit into the die before it is compressed and expanded to the right diameter .
The core has to fit completely into the die before any pressure is applied , or it will simply buckle and drive the punch to one side , possibly causing damage when the punch strikes the die face instead of going into the die cavity .
Also , the swaged core must fit to the bottom of the jacket , or it may trap air .
This is especially problematic in bonding cores , because the heat from bonding may expand trapped air and blow the core out with some force .
Most .22 and 6 mm jackets will accept a .190 core .
Some take up to a .204 inch core .
But all of these are well within the range of a .185 diameter lead wire .
The various .30 caliber jackets take cores of from .251 to .258 inches .
Some thick walled jackets made from copper tubing require smaller cores .
A wire size of .247 inches allows enough " wiggle room " to get the cut wire into a .251 core swage die .
The thicker jacket .30's may require a wire of only .218 diameter , to fit the swage dies from .225 to .235 diameter .
You can see that wire size is not critical so long as it fits into the die easily and makes a short enough core for the desired weight .
Using lead wire meant for the .224 ( .185 diameter ) in a .308 die ( which makes a .251 core ) would not be practical .
The lead core is cast ( using the CM - 3 or CM - 4 core mould ) or cut from a roll of wire ( using the PCS - 1 or PCS - 2 core cutter ) to a weight just slightly more than desired .
To find out the desired weight , weigh the bullet jacket you plan to use .
Then subtract the jacket weight from your desired final bullet weight .
The difference is the final core weight .
Add a few grains , five or so , to this figure , and make your cut or cast cores about that weight .
This insures that your rough cores will have enough extra weight so that they can all be slightly reduced in volume to make them all come out exactly the same .
If you cut or cast them too close to final weight , the tolerances in cutting or casting might make some of them too light .
Then the core swage could not do anything about weight control , as it can only remove lead , not add it .
Lubricate the lead cores lightly using Corbin Swage Lube .
You can roll them on a stamp pad that has been saturated with swage lube , or just put a little lube on your finger and thumb tips , and give the cores a twist as you pick them up .
It takes very little lube to put an insulating layer between the die and the material being swaged .
The thin but tough film of lube prevents leading and reduces wear .
Most wear comes from airborne dust that settles on the material you use ( jackets or lead ) .
Silica dust is very hard and abrasive .
It comes primarily from gravel roads , drifts for hundreds of yards and gets tracked or sucked into the home or workshop through ordinary foot traffic and ventilation systems .
If you suspect that there is a high level of silica dust in the air , you can extend your die life by wiping down the lead wire before you use it , and by keeping your bullet jackets and lead supplies in closed containers .
The core swage die ( CSW - 1 - S ) has an " S " marked upon it to indicate " core swage " .
It also has the diameter of core that it produces .
Since one core swage can be used for various calibers of bullets , it does not usually have a caliber indicated .
The external punch fits into the top of the press .
It could be considered the " top punch " , but we call it " external " because it stays outside the die all the time , except when swaging takes place .
The internal punch is always inside the die .
It seals the bottom or threaded end of the die , and is driven upward to eject the finished core when you lower the press ram .
The internal and external punches are marked with " S " and the diameter of core , also .
They are a snug fit into the die cavity .
For details on setting up and using a core swage , see CSW .
HTM , the core swage page .
In brief , you put the core into the die , raise the ram all the way ( make sure the press is in the swaging mode , rather than the longer stroke reloading mode ) .
Adjust the punch holder , in the press head , so that the external punch does not contact the core yet .
The punch holder has a bushing that unscrews from the lower end , and fits over the punch .
If the punch is larger than .375 diameter ( for large calibers ) , then it will have a built - in hex bushing in the type - S system .
The larger - H system does not require a captive bushing until the caliber becomes much larger , in the 12 - bore or 70 caliber range .
Smaller calibers use the bushing that comes with the punch holder , which in turn comes with the press .
Once the ram has been raised to the top of the stroke , lower the punch holder until the punch contacts the core , and you cannot turn it any further down by hand .
Then lower the ram and turn the punch holder slightly lower , a quarter turn or so .
Raise the ram .
Repeat this process until you get a small amount of lead extrusion or encounter resistance .
Lower the ram , eject the core , and weigh it .
If it is completely filled out and weighs the right amount , you have the correct adjustment .
If it is not yet filled out into a nearly perfect cylinder , or is too heavy , continue adjusting and testing until you get the desired weight .
Extrusions will come out of the bleed holes .
You can use a catcher tray or wipe them into a container so they do n't accumulate .
Save them to make fragmenting bullets !
Wash the cores in a solvent to remove lube , or boil in hot water and detergent , rinse , and allow them to dry .
Put the dry cores into bullet jackets by hand .
Then lubricate the jackets with Corbin Swage Lube .
Do not get lube inside the jackets .
Anything inside the jacket other than the core will tend to cause imbalances during flight .
A clean , dry core is the next best thing to a bonded core .
You can bond cores at this time if you wish , prior to seating , by applying a drop of Corbin Core Bond into each jacket , placing the jackets in to a ceramic block which has been drilled to hold the jackets upright , and heating the jackets with a propane torch or Corbin 's HTO - 2 Heat Treatment oven until the lead melts .
Instructions for bonding come with each container of Corbin Core Bond .
Bonded cores must be cooled , washed , and dryed before seating .
SEATING THE CORE
Seating the core means compressing the core into a jacket , so that the jacket is expanded to proper size by the pressure on the core .
This is necessary so that the jacket will tend to spring back to form a tight grip on the core , and to preset the diameter for best accuracy ( it is slightly expanded again in the point forming operation , but not more than about 0.0002 inches in most cases ) .
The core seating die and punches are marked with " C " .
Do n't confuse core swaging , which is the forming of the filler and adjustment of its weight , with core seating .
The core is " seated " firmly in the jacket , using an external punch that fits the ID of the jacket at the point where the core ends .
You can see that different wall thicknesses of jackets would require different diameters of external punches , to make a good seal .
Otherwise , the pressure ( which can reach 20,000 to 50,000 psi in typical swaging operations ) would simply blow the lead right past the punch in a thin tube .
You might also note that jackets are often tapered or stepped inside , so that the mouth section is thinner than the middle or base .
This gives controlled expansion at different ranges and speeds , but it also means that even with the same jacket , you may need a different punch to seat a short core and a long core .
Core length is directly related to weight .
A heavier bullet usually means that the core comes closer to the jacket mouth than it would in a lighter bullet .
This in turn means that the punch which seals the pressure and expands the jacket from pressurized core material has to be larger to fit near the thin mouth section , and smaller in diameter to fit deeper inside the thick middle section of the jacket .
Light bullets mean larger diameter core seating punches , heavy bullets mean smaller diameter punches , as a rule of thumb .
If your punch does not fit closely enough , it will result in an undersized bullet .
The reason is that a punch that is too large for the core length will strike the jacket wall and dig into it , rather than making the core flow under pressure .
This may wrinkle or shorten the jacket , but it usually wo n't expand it evenly .
The bullet then comes out undersized .
Too small a punch for the core length means the lead will bleed around it , releasing the pressure too soon .
This also fails to expand the jacket properly and results in undersized bullets .
Obviously , if the set of dies is made for one jacket and weight of bullet , it may not be ready to make a different weight or use a different jacket , without adding a different diameter of core seating punch .
There is some latitude , depending on the amount of taper or lack of it in a given jacket .
If the jacket wall is straight or nearly so , then one punch diameter will fit over a very wide range of core lengths ( and weights ) .
If the jacket wall is very tapered or has a big step in it , then at least two external core seat punches may be required for making the maximum and minimum weights in that jacket .
This is why we say the design starts with the jacket .
Fortunately , it is easy to make a different punch ... just send a sample jacket and the core you want to seat in it .
The jacket by itself may not be adequate to design a punch , depending on the diameter and length of core you plan to use .
Core seating is done with a light touch .
Adjust the punch holder as before , using the top of the stroke , but use only very light pressure to seat the core .
Once the jacket has expanded to the diameter of the die cavity , you have finished .
It is usually .0001 to .0002 inches less than the final bullet diameter at this point .
The jacket should come off the external punch , and stay in the die .
This indicates that it has expanded to press against the die ID more firmly than it is pressing on the punch OD .
If the jacket comes out of the die and sticks on the punch , try wiping a small amount of lube on the punch and leaving the jacket more or less dry .
If it still comes out on the punch rather staying with the die , try holding the pressure for about two seconds and then lowering the ram .
If this still does n't work , either you are not applying quite enough pressure or the punch just is n't the right size for your particular core and jacket combination .
Try a slightly heavier core , to move the punch closer to the jacket mouth .
As a last resort , send a sample jacket and core along with your core seating die and punch .
It can always be made to work , but sometimes the problem is " you are there , we are here " and we can't see exactly what you may be doing wrong or at least differently from how we do it .
Having samples of all the components , before and after you seat them , usually takes the guess work out of it .
( Although we 've had people swear they were doing it exactly as instructions say and it turned out they had done just " one little thing " different ... like , using case sizing lube instead of swage lube ( " what 's the difference ?
It 's all grease , right ? " ) .
When something does n't work , stop and figure out what could be different from the procedure outlined .
Always feel free to call , e-mail , fax , or write .
No question or problem is a bother : it 's better to ask something obvious than to assume " it does n't matter " when it might .
At this point , you have seated the core .
The jacket has expanded to nearly completed bullet size .
You are ready to form the ogive and complete the bullet .
But first , here are some of the things you might also do in the seating operation :
Make an open tip .
The hollow point is different from an open tip .
Some mass producers refer to any bullet with the core shorter than the jacket as a hollow point , but we have to be more exacting because it matters to you in regard to procedure and equipment .
If you want an open tip bullet ( core shorter than jacket , so there is an empty space near the tip ) all you have to do is use a core seating punch that fits the proper length core .
There is nothing special about it .
If you keep making the core longer and longer , at some point it will be as long as the jacket and will extrude forward when you form the ogive , making a lead tip .
If you want a very large lead tip , you can use a core seating punch that fits the bore of the core seat die , instead of inside the jacket .
Then use a long core that extends beyond the jacket .
Make a hollow point .
The hollow point has two variations .
One is the lead tip hollow point , where the lead extends beyond the jacket and has a hole in it .
The other is an open tip hollow point , where the lead is shorter than the jacket and has a hole in it .
The common feature is that the lead core itself has been formed with a hole , either conical or straight .
Both types tend to close somewhat at the end when you form the ogive , so that they become pear shaped .
Both kinds use a core seating punch with a probe or conical projection on the end .
The difference is in the diameter of the core seating punch .
Lead tip hollow points ( LTHP ) use a punch that is full bore diameter .
Open tip hollow points ( OTHP ) use a punch that fits the jacket , same as any other open tip bullet , but with the addition of the projection to make a hole in the lead .
The HP tip may tend to drive the punch to one side if the core is not swaged correctly ( flat on the end ) .
If this is a problem , swage the cores correctly , or else pre-flatten the core with a normal flat end punch first and then press it with the HP punch .
Make a cup base or dish base .
This is a matter of using an internal punch with a convex projection matching the base shape you desire .
Cup bases has a margin around them and then are concave , less than a caliber in depth .
Dish bases have no margin and slightly dish inward ( concave ) a few thousandths of an inch .
Both tend to allow the base to expand and fill the rifling a little quicker , and may have other effects on the chamber and muzzle gas due to their somewhat parabolic shape .
They are easy to try , require no special technique , and may be quickly changed to flat base by changing the internal punch .
Insert a payload or tip .
A hollow point punch can be shaped in a way that forms a cavity to hold a payload of some kind , or the stem of an insertable tip .
Hollow points can be made in a way that will hold lubricant or even just form an air chamber below a plastic ball , which then acts like a piston on impact .
The lubricant or air in the chamber is highly pressurized and seeks to expand or even explode the ogive area of the bullet , depending on the size of the cavity and deceleration rate .
Make a Saber Tooth Bullet .
The " Saber Tooth " design is a series of ( usually ) six teeth along the edge of a hollow pointed bullet .
It is a dramatic looking defense round and has great market appeal .
First make a lead tip hollow point .
Then change the internal core seating punch to a special Saber Tooth internal punch , and push the bullet into the core seater again , with the nose toward the die .
The die walls support the sharp teeth machined on the punch , which is why it is not a good idea to make the external punch with the Saber Tooth pattern ( no support , easily broken during insertion ) .
Make a polygonal HP .
Special core seating punches can be made that form cruciform cuts deep into the core , or form hollow point cavities with shapes other than round ( six or eight sided holes are most popular , three or four sided holes have been created , and more than eight sides typically is hard to tell from a round hole in performance or appearance . )
All it takes is a single custom punch made to your order , and used instead of or in addition to the usual core seater punch .
One of the more clever designs used an aluminum sheet metal screw pressed into an X - shaped hollow cavity , and covered with a smooth drop of colored epoxy for better market appeal .
We sometimes called it the " screw ball " but no disrespect was intended , as it expanded extremely well on impact , making four large propellers consistently .
POINT FORMING
The point forming die is the final stage in forming a typical jacketed rifle or handgun bullet with a smooth ogive .
The seated core and jacket are pressed into the die and expanded to the final diameter .
It is very important to understand that components to be formed must be slightly less than the bore size of the die , or they will probably stick and be difficult to remove .
If a core seating die from a different set is used to make the seated core , or the point forming die is ordered at a different time from the core seater , it is possible for the core seater to be the same size or larger than the point former .
This does not work .
Let the die maker know if you are ordering a core seater or point former for replacement , or for a different set ( brand , or era of manufacture ) than the one you might have just purchased recently from the same maker .
Generally , dies made in the same time period by the same people will work together just fine , but with tolerances of only .0001 to .0002 inches between the bores of the two dies , the best fit is done when the die makers have both dies in front of them at the same time and can actually try them with each other .
The point forming die has an internal punch that is reduced to the size of a strong spring wire , usually in the .062 to .120 inch diameter range .
Very small calibers may use a 0.047 diameter wire .
Smaller ejection pins allow the tip to be closed more tightly , but also make it more likely that you will bend the ejection pin if you forget lubrication or use an oversized seated core .
There is a practical limit to how small an ejection pin can be made and still have enough columnar strength and cross sectional area to bear upon the bullet material and push it out , without penetrating into the bullet instead .
A standard range of diameters has been established for all calibers of Corbin dies .
You can order special sizes outside of the standards if you are willing to take responsibility for the results .
Most of the time , a reasonably careful bullet maker can get away with using a smaller pin than recommended standard size .
Sometimes , not .
A person who is not particularly careful or forgets lubrication , mixes up various punches and jackets without much consideration for proper fit , or uses dusty or contaminated jackets will have problems bending pins and poking them through the bullets without ejecting .
The smallest calibers ( .104 , .142 , .172 ) generally use a .047 wire .
The calibers from .194 to .257 typically use 0.062 diameter .
Those larger than .257 and under .308 normally have 0.072 diameter , while the .308 to .338 calibers most often are equipped with .082 .
The shape of the ogive , and the tip of the bullet , also affect ejection pin size .
A more blunt , round nosed bullet benefits from using a larger pin .
Ejection has less potential for problems as the pin is made larger for a given caliber .
The drawback is that the point itself can only be closed as small as the ejection pin diameter , without further operations .
( To close the tip even smaller , a special hardened lead tip forming punch in a standard lead tip forming die can be used with an open tip bullet . )
The ejection pin is fitted with a punch head that is held captive in the press ram , unlike most other internal punches .
This is to provide positive retraction of the pin so that the open end of the bullet jacket cannot be formed around it , pinching it in the jacket and preventing ejection against the end of the jacket .
Most other operations use an internal punch that pushes on the base of the bullet at full diameter , and has no potential for sticking in the jacket .
In the S - Press , the stop pin is pulled from the front of the press and inserted through a hole in the head of the internal punch ( which , in the point form die , is sometimes called the ejection pin or ejection punch , even though strictly speaking that is just the wire part of the punch ) .
The easy way to do this is to hold the ejection punch by its wire tip with thumb and forefinger , and hold it alongside the press to position the hole at the stop pin 's location .
Then , using the thumb and forefinger as a stop , put the punch into the ram and insert the stop pin .
If the stop pin went through the hole , you will not be able to pull the punch out by its tip .
Then align the die over the projecting tip of the ejection wire and screw the die into the ram .
Make sure that the ejection wire is lined up and inserted into the hole in the die , or you can crumple up the ejection wire using high leverage 24 - pitch threads as you screw the die home .
Once the die is installed in the ram , put the full diameter point forming punch in the floating punch holder , lubricate a seated core and drop it open end first into the die .
Raise the ram carefully and adjust the punch holder so that the ram is all the way up without any pressure on the bullet .
Then lower the punch holder until it can go down no further by hand .
Lower the ram slightly , and give the punch holder another quarter of a turn .
Keep doing this until you feel some resistance .
Lower the ram .
If the bullet ejects , examine it and see if the open end is closed as far as you would like , down to the diameter of the ejection pin .
If the bullet does not eject , you may need to close the tip a little further so that the ejection pin can press on the end of the jacket .
This is especially true of hollow point bullets , which have nothing in the middle for the ejection pin to work against .
If you make a bullet design that has a deep cavity or hollow point and will not eject because there is nothing for the ejector pin to touch , a special extra long ejection pin can be made .
This long ejection pin will probably not work on normally closed tips , as the pin would be projecting inside the bullet .
The tip would be closed on the pin , sticking the bullet to the pin .
But for a deep and large hollow point , the long ejector may be the only good answer .
( Another is to put a plastic ball in the tip to use for ejection , and either leave it in place or adjust so that it comes out easily . )
Lead Tip Bullets
To make lead tip bullets , you can just use the same 3 - die set as you do for open tip , but seat a longer ( heavier ) core in the same jacket , so that the lead will be extruded out the tip when you form the ogive .
When the bullet is ejected , the ejection pin leaves a small flat spot on the tip .
If this is objectionable , you can shape the tip with a LT - 1 Lead Tip Forming Die .
Adding a LT - 1 lead tip forming die to the FJFB - 3 3 - die set makes it into a 4 - die set .
We give this the catalog number LTFB - 4 - S ( for - S type dies ) or LTFB - 4 - H ( for - H type dies ) .
You can add a LT - 1 die yourself at any future date , of course .
All we need is a half dozen sample bullets from your point form die , with the desired amount of exposed lead showing .
Then we can make a punch that exactly fits the tip and shapes it the way you want ( rounded , needle - pointed , whatever you choose ) .
The LT - 1 die is just slightly larger than the bore of the point form die .
It is specific to a caliber , like most of the dies .
But the tip shape itself is controlled by the internal punch alone .
So , you can get one LT - 1 die for a given caliber , complete with one tip shape , and add more internal punches for other tip shapes later .
A good example would be a semi-spitzer with a rounded tip , a flat lead tip , and a full spitzer tip with a sharp point .
This could be done with one LT - 1 die , and two extra internal punches .
The external punch fits the base of the bullet .
It is identical to the external punch for the PF - 1 poindt form die .
We mark it " L " for Lead Tip , but if you should lose or damage your point forming external punch , you can use the external lead tip punch in the point form die and vice versa .
LT - 1 dies are marked with the diameter ( caliber ) and the letter " L " .
The internal punch is marked with " L " , the caliber , and a designation for the ogive shape such as 6 - S , 4 - S FT , or RN .
We do n't try to write every detail of the shape on the punch , as there is n't room .
Just the basic shape info is indicated .
You can quickly tell by making a lead slug in the die if you need more info .
For operating details , click here .
US Terrorist Watch List Grows to One Million Entries
By Chris Simkins
Washington
24 April 2009
The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation , or FBI , says the government 's terrorist watch list of known or suspected terrorists has grown to one million entries .
The list - used by intelligence and law enforcement agencies to prevent terrorist acts - has been growing steadily since 2003 when the FBI set up a terrorism screening center to store , analyze and share information about suspected terrorists .
While the list is touted by the FBI as an important counterterrorism tool , it has generated controversy and complaints .
Caught in a security net
For some travelers , passing through airport security is n't easy .
David Nelson says he is often detained at check points .
" I said what do you mean , terrorist ?
Do I look like a terrorist , " he asked .
" I mean come on now . "
Another man called David Nelson also has been routinely detained by security screeners .
They are among hundreds of travelers named David Nelson who have been stopped because they are on the U.S. government 's so - called " No Fly " list of known or suspected terrorists .
The list has been a source of frequent complaints by thousands of innocent travelers whose names have appeared on the list .
The No Fly list
The FBI says the No Fly list is a small part of the government 's consolidated terrorist watch list , which is compiled mostly by intelligence and homeland security agencies .
All the information is managed and housed at the FBI 's Terrorism Screening Center outside Washington .
The agents gather and analyze information daily .
They then pass it along to other law enforcement agencies .
" You want it ( the watch list ) to be accurate and complete .
Complete is the key word because you do not want to miss anybody , " said Tim Healy , the Center 's acting director .
" It is a balancing act between private citizens and their concerns and the safety of the United States and that is a balancing act that occurs everyday . "
Audit findings - watch list is growing
An audit by the Government Accountability Office found that the TSC 's consolidated watch list has grown significantly from 288,000 entries in 2005 to a million entries in 2009 , containing 400,000 names .
Authorities say the watch list is one tool used to reduce the terrorist threat .
Its main purpose is to make sure individuals on the list are properly screened when they are stopped by police for traffic violations , or when people try to enter the country from international destinations .
A call by police to the Terrorist Screening Center can quickly determine if the name on the list is a positive or negative match .
" We are involving state and local law enforcement in information sharing and we are involving other federal entities in information sharing of known and suspected terrorists , which is a good thing , " Healy said .
Procedure to get names removed from list
But some say this government effort is flawed .
Jay Stanley of the American Civil Liberties Union in Washington says the watch list violates citizens ' rights .
" Everybody agrees that Osama bin Laden and his henchmen should be on a terrorist watch list .
We do n't have a problem with that , " Stanley said .
" But the government needs to do this very carefully , they need to set up extremely strict procedures .
Not only do they have to be very careful before you 're put on the list but that you have the right to get off the list . "
The Department of Homeland Security says 51,000 people have filed so - called " redress " requests since 2007 , claiming they were wrongly put on the watch list .
The FBI will not disclose specifics of how the records or names on the list are generated .
But the FBI 's Tim Healy says there is a procedure in place to get names removed .
" If you have experienced an encounter when you are flying and you think you are on the watch list or even if they told you , you are on the watchlist there is a process you go through , " he said .
" The TSA ( Transportation Security Administration ) will start going through their process and say is this guy actually watchlisted and what can we do to help this individual out . "
The FBI says 33,000 entries were deleted from the watch list last year based on outdated information and cleared investigations .
And it says 95 percent of the people on the list are not US citizens .
But Rachel Meeropol , a lawyer with the Center for Constitutional Rights in New York , says with a million entries the watch list has grown too big .
" Whenever you cast a net that wide you are diffusing law enforcement resources from focusing on the individuals for whom there actually is evidence of a connection to terrorism , " Meeropol said .
As security at the nation 's airports and on the borders has been tightened , the FBI defends the watch list as a valuable counterterrorism tool not just for the United States .
They say information from the list is also being shared with Canada , Australia and other US allies in the global effort to track down known or suspected terrorists .
Attention mice : do not invade engineer Jim Clark 's home .
Because not only will he build an elaborate trap to ensnare you , he will capture the whole affair with his fancy wireless camera flash strobes .
Advertisement
Jim is the creator of the PocketWizard , a series of wireless TTL flash remotes , triggers and other gear for photographers .
When he realized he had an infestation , he first caught the invader in the act of eating some delicious trail mix bait , all the while lulling him into a false sense of security .
This sequence was the result of 7 rapid - fire shots triggered by a sound - detecting flash sensor in the middle of the night .
Advertisement
Just as mousey was getting comfortable , the next trap would be constructed with delicious morsel of peanut butter balanced precariously on the end of a cutting board hanging off his counter .
Beneath , a transducive sensor would trigger the flash sequence the moment the cutting board left the table .
You can probably see where this is going .
Here is the sequence , with added mouse personification by the folks at Strobist :
But apparently Jim is a softy , because instead of positioning a pit of spikes or a vat of boiling pitch underneath the counter , the mouse was safely collected in a padded wastebasket .
Then , it was given a hamster home to live in for the remainder of the winter .
I definitely would have put this mouse to death , but props to Jim for being an animal - rights - conscious camera hacker .
[ Strobist ]
Advertisements
After months of relative silence , Ann Coulter resurfaced on CNN ’s Larry King Live tonight , Coulter claimed that all normal people who have ever had a sibling , been through a fraternity hazing , or been on a sports team or misbehaved with small children have experienced waterboarding .
Um Ann , waterboarding children would be child abuse .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Coulter said , “ I am with all normal people who have ever had an older sibling , who have been through a fraternity hazing , who have been on a sports team , or who have misbehaved with small children .
Nothing we did is in the same universe as torture … I actually read the memos and it ’s comical and a little disturbing that even Dick Cheney was such a wuss . ”
Let me see if I understand this , but is Coulter endorsing waterboarding small children who misbehave .
I think that is called child abuse , and is a crime .
I also am fairly certain that no matter how out of control sports team , or fraternity hazing gets , it does n’t involve waterboarding .
If Coulter has an older sibling that waterboarded her when she was a child that would explain a great deal .
The problem is that no matter how she tries to spin it waterboarding is not normal societal behavior in the United States .
What does it say about the state of the Republican Party when Ann Coulter is on television claiming that Dick Cheney ’s stance on torture is soft ?
Coulter wants to live in the delusion that the United States never tortured , but the Geneva Conventions beg to differ .
Every time Republicans defend torture , they help the Democratic cause , so keep it up guys .
You ’re doing great .
City of San Jose 's Over - $ 100,000 Earners
During the calendar year 2008 , there were 2,663 City of San Jose employees who had total gross wages of $ 100,000 or more .
Find out who they were , what departments they worked for and how much they made by searching that database below .
To perform a search , you can leave the fields blank or on " select " if you want broad results .
For more narrow results , you can enter a person 's name or select from the drop - down menus .
( Note : The data was provided by the City of San Jose 's Department of Finance . )
Namir Deiter is © Isabel Marks , 1999 - 2012 .
Do not distribute any images on this site without the artist 's permission and without giving credit to the Isabel Marks ( including a link back to https://namirdeiter.com).
Namir Deiter has been on the web since November 1999 and usually updates Monday , Wednesday , and Friday at around midnight PST .
Hello everyone !
just getting started on writing about life and struggles that we all go through .
I am just a student but I have also entered the phase where we experience life and it ’s different emotional levels .
we all have many dreams but many of us always doubt ourselves which stops us from the change we want in our life .
Everyone experience a point in their life where they realize they definitely need to change their habits and develop new ones but the old habits always wins back .
I am trying to change myself bit by bit every day .
I just want to make writing a hobby and open myself up to find myself in this journey .
I always wanted to write down about my dreams and experiences so that I can always look back and have a good chuckle about it .
I was trying to start a blog from a long time ago .
I am twenty one years old student currently living in Australia .
It ’s funny that I tried to start my first blog when I was eighteen years old .
At that time , I was back home , Nepal and to be honest , I did n’t even have money to buy a website host .
I did not create this website for sharing something specific .
What I mean to say is , I want to write down or share anything interesting about my life and other stuffs that I would like to write and save for myself .
So that I can always look back and smile .
When I have some spare time , I spend considerable amount of time looking at social medias like Facebook , Instagram without even realizing other useful things I could do to change my bad habits .
Looking at other people ’s beautiful pictures and posts used to make me think that “ WOW , they are living an amazing life , I wish my life was that easy and adventurous ” and I would do literally nothing to make a change in my life .
But now , I have come to the point where I have decided not to do that anymore and start changing myself for good .
Most of the people still spend their time exactly like what I used to do .
I recently learned that if I want to create a better life for myself then I have to start by slowly getting rid of all the bad habits and start caring and loving myself .
Author Message
Mr. Majestic
Volunteer tester
Send message
Joined : 26 Nov 07
Posts : 4752
Credit : 258,845
RAC : 0
Message 726271 - Posted : 14 Mar 2008 , 23:29:02 UTC
Last modified : 14 Mar 2008 , 23:31:10 UTC
Methionylglutaminylarginytyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutaminyll -
eucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanyvalylprolylphenylal
anyl-valythreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolyglycylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylser
ylleucyllysyl-isoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanylglycylalanylaspartylala
nylleucy-lglutamylleucylglycylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylalanylserylaspartylproly
lleucelalanyla-spartyglycylprolythreonylisoleucylglutamiylasparaginylalanylthreon
ylleucylarginylala-nylphenylalanylalanylglycylvalyltheonylprolylalanylglutaminylc
ysteinylphenylalanygll-utamylmethionylleucyalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminy
llysylhistidylprolylthreonyl-isoleucylpriIylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyl
tyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylvalyp-henylalanylasparaginyllysylgyycylisoleucyla
spartylglutamylphenylalanyltyrosylalanyl-gutaminyllcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylgl
ycylavlylaspartylserylvalylleucylvalylalanylasp-artylvalyprolylvalylglutaminylgl
utamyllserylalanyprolyphenylalanylarginylglutaminylal-anylalanylleucylarginylhis
tidylasparaginylvaylalanylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleu-cylcysteinylprolylpr
olylaspartylalanylaspartylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginyglutam-inylisoleucyl
alanyylseryltyrosylglycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylser-ylar
ginylalanylglycylvalythreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylanylalanylleu-
cylprolylleucylaspaaginylhistidylleucylvaylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosyl
asarag-inylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyll
ysylalanylala-nylisoleucylaspartylalanylalanyglycylalanylalanyglycylalanylisoleu
cylserylglycyseryla-lanylisoleucylbalyllsylisoleucylisoleucylglutamyyylglutaminy
lhistidylasparaginylisole-ucylglutamylprolyglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylal
anylleucyllysylvalylphenylalaby-lvalylglutaminlylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalan
ylthreonylarginylserine
{ The above is the scientific name for Trypthophan synthetase ( that is a protien with 267 amino acids .
It contains 1,909 letters .
Try saying that three times fast !}
The one millionth digit of pi is a one .
Methionylglutaminylarginytyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutaminyll-eucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanyvalylprolylphenylalanyl-valythreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolyglycylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylserylleucyllysyl-isoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanylglycylalanylaspartylalanylleucy-lglutamylleucylglycylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylalanylserylaspartylprolylleucelalanyla-spartyglycylprolythreonylisoleucylglutamiylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylala-nylphenylalanylalanylglycylvalyltheonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanygll-utamylmethionylleucyalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonyl-isoleucylpriIylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylvalyp-henylalanylasparaginyllysylgyycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyrosylalanyl-gutaminyllcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylavlylaspartylserylvalylleucylvalylalanylasp-artylvalyprolylvalylglutaminylglutamyllserylalanyprolyphenylalanylarginylglutaminylal-anylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvaylalanylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleu-cylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylaspartylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginyglutam-inylisoleucylalanyylseryltyrosylglycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylser-ylarginylalanylglycylvalythreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylanylalanylleu-cylprolylleucylaspaaginylhistidylleucylvaylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasarag-inylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylala-nylisoleucylaspartylalanylalanyglycylalanylalanyglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycyseryla-lanylisoleucylbalyllsylisoleucylisoleucylglutamyyylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisole-ucylglutamylprolyglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalaby-lvalylglutaminlylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine
{The above is the scientific name for Trypthophan synthetase ( that is a protien with 267 amino acids .
It contains 1,909 letters .
Try saying that three times fast !}
ID : 726271 ·
ECT
Send message
Joined : 16 Jun 07
Posts : 329
Credit : 614,787
RAC : 0
Joined : 16 Jun 07Posts : 329 Credit : 614,787RAC : 0 Message 726616 - Posted : 15 Mar 2008 , 17:49:25 UTC - in response to Message 726271 .
The one millionth digit of pi is a one .
Methionylglutaminylarginytyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutaminyll -
eucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanyvalylprolylphenylal
anyl-valythreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolyglycylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylser
ylleucyllysyl-isoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanylglycylalanylaspartylala
nylleucy-lglutamylleucylglycylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylalanylserylaspartylproly
lleucelalanyla-spartyglycylprolythreonylisoleucylglutamiylasparaginylalanylthreon
ylleucylarginylala-nylphenylalanylalanylglycylvalyltheonylprolylalanylglutaminylc
ysteinylphenylalanygll-utamylmethionylleucyalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminy
llysylhistidylprolylthreonyl-isoleucylpriIylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyl
tyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylvalyp-henylalanylasparaginyllysylgyycylisoleucyla
spartylglutamylphenylalanyltyrosylalanyl-gutaminyllcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylgl
ycylavlylaspartylserylvalylleucylvalylalanylasp-artylvalyprolylvalylglutaminylgl
utamyllserylalanyprolyphenylalanylarginylglutaminylal-anylalanylleucylarginylhis
tidylasparaginylvaylalanylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleu-cylcysteinylprolylpr
olylaspartylalanylaspartylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginyglutam-inylisoleucyl
alanyylseryltyrosylglycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylser-ylar
ginylalanylglycylvalythreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylanylalanylleu-
cylprolylleucylaspaaginylhistidylleucylvaylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosyl
asarag-inylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyll
ysylalanylala-nylisoleucylaspartylalanylalanyglycylalanylalanyglycylalanylisoleu
cylserylglycyseryla-lanylisoleucylbalyllsylisoleucylisoleucylglutamyyylglutaminy
lhistidylasparaginylisole-ucylglutamylprolyglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylal
anylleucyllysylvalylphenylalaby-lvalylglutaminlylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalan
ylthreonylarginylserine
{ The above is the scientific name for Trypthophan synthetase ( that is a protien with 267 amino acids .
It contains 1,909 letters .
Try saying that three times fast !}
I will not even try it , Albert .
I will not even try it , Albert .
ID : 726616 ·
thorin belvrog
Volunteer tester
Send message
Joined : 29 Sep 06
Posts : 6418
Credit : 8,893
RAC : 0
Message 726649 - Posted : 15 Mar 2008 , 20:02:43 UTC
In East Germany , there was a pharmacy brand everyone in charge wondered why it could n't be sold in the English - speaking countries .
Until someone found out what was wrong ...:
The name of the brand was GERMED - which also is the past form of " to germ ... "
Account frozen ...
ID : 726649 ·
President Obama 's nomination of Sonia Sotomayor for the Supreme Court points to a dilemma that will likely plague his presidency :
How does a " post- racialist " president play identity politics ?
What is most notable about the Sotomayor nomination is its almost perfect predictability .
Somehow we all simply know -- like it or not -- that Hispanics are now overdue for the gravitas of high office .
And our new post - racialist president is especially attuned to this chance to have a " first " under his belt , not to mention the chance to further secure the Hispanic vote .
And yet it was precisely the American longing for post - racialism -- relief from this sort of racial calculating -- that lifted Mr. Obama into office .
The Sotomayor nomination commits the cardinal sin of identity politics :
It seeks to elevate people more for the political currency of their gender and ethnicity than for their individual merit .
( Here , too , is the ugly faithlessness in minority merit that always underlies such maneuverings . )
Mr. Obama is promising one thing and practicing another , using his interracial background to suggest an America delivered from racial corruption even as he practices a crude form of racial patronage .
From America 's first black president , and a man promising the " new , " we get a Supreme Court nomination that is both unoriginal and hackneyed .
Sonia Sotomayor and Barack Obama Associated Press
This contradiction has always been at the heart of the Obama story .
On the one hand there was the 2004 Democratic Convention speech proclaiming " only one America . "
And on the other hand there was the race - baiting of Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
Does this most powerful man on earth know himself well enough to resolve this contradiction and point the way to a genuinely post- racial America ?
The Sotomayor nomination suggests not .
Throughout her career Judge Sotomayor has demonstrated a Hispanic chauvinism so extreme that it sometimes crosses into outright claims of racial supremacy , as in 2001 when she said in a lecture at the University of California , Berkeley , " a wise Latina woman . . . would more often than not reach a better conclusion [ as a judge ] than a white male . "
The White House acknowledges that this now famous statement -- both racist and dim- witted -- was turned up in the vetting process .
So we can only assume that the president was aware of it , as well as Judge Sotomayor 's career - long claim that ethnicity and gender are virtual determinisms in judging :
We need diversity because , as she said in her Berkeley lecture , " inherent physiological or cultural differences . . . make a difference in our judging . "
The nine white male justices who decided the Brown school - desegregation case in 1954 might have felt otherwise , as would a president seeking to lead us toward a new , post - racial society .
But of course " post- racialism " is not a real idea .
It is an impression , a chimera that grows out of a very specific racial manipulation that I have called " bargaining . "
Here the minority makes a bargain with white society : I will not " guilt " you with America 's centuries of racism if you will not hold my minority status against me .
Whites love this bargain because it allows them to feel above America 's racist past and , therefore , immune to charges of racism .
By embracing the bargainer they embrace the impression of a world beyond racial division , a world in which whites are innocent and minorities carry no anger .
This is the impression that animates bargainers like Mr. Obama or Oprah Winfrey with an irresistible charisma .
Even if post - racialism is an obvious illusion -- a bargainer 's trick as it were -- whites are flattered by believing in it .
But the Sotomayor nomination shows that Mr. Obama has no idea what a post- racial society would look like .
In selling himself as a candidate to the American public he is a gifted bargainer beautifully turned out in post- racial impressionism .
But in the real world of Supreme Court nominations , where there is a chance to actually bring some of that idealism down to earth , he chooses a hardened , divisive and race - focused veteran of the culture wars he claims to transcend .
I have called Mr. Obama a bound man because he cannot win white support without bargaining and he cannot maintain minority support without playing the very identity politics that injure him with whites .
The latter form of politics is grounded in being what I call a challenger -- i.e. , someone who presumes that whites are racist until they prove otherwise by granting preferences of some kind to minorities .
Whites quietly seethe at challengers like Jesse Jackson who use the moral authority of their race 's historic grievance to muscle for preferential treatment .
Mr. Obama has been loved precisely because he was an anti-Jackson , a bargainer who grants them innocence before asking for their support .
So when Mr. Obama plays identity politics -- as in the Sotomayor nomination -- he starts to look too much like the challenger .
Still , if he does n't allow identity to trump merit so that he can elevate people like Judge Sotomayor , he angers the minorities who so lavishly supported him .
So far he is more the captive of America 's ongoing racial neurosis than the man who might liberate us from it .
Judge Sotomayor is the archetypal challenger .
Challengers see the moral authority that comes from their group 's historic grievance as an entitlement to immediate parity with whites -- whether or not their group has actually earned this parity through development .
If their group is not yet competitive with whites , the moral authority that comes from their grievance should be allowed to compensate for what they lack in development .
This creates a terrible corruption in which the group 's historic grievance is allowed to count as individual merit .
And so a perverse incentive is created : Weakness and victimization are rewarded over development .
Better to be a troublemaker than to pursue excellence .
Sonia Sotomayor is of the generation of minorities that came of age under the hegemony of this perverse incentive .
For this generation , challenging and protesting were careerism itself .
This is why middle - and upper middle - class minorities are often more militant than poor and working - class minorities .
America 's institutions -- universities , government agencies , the media and even corporations -- reward their grievance .
Minority intellectuals , especially , have been rewarded for theories that justify grievance .
And here we come to Judge Sotomayor 's favorite such ingenuity : disparate impact .
In the now celebrated Ricci case the city of New Haven , Conn. , threw out a paper and pencil test that firefighters were required to take for promotion because so few minorities passed it .
In other words , the test had a disparate and negative impact on minorities , so the lead plaintiff , Frank Ricci -- a white male with dyslexia who worked 10 hours a day to pass the test at a high level -- was effectively denied promotion because he was white .
Judge Sotomayor supported the city 's decision to throw out the test undoubtedly because of her commitment to disparate impact -- a concept that invariably makes whites accountable for minority mediocrity .
Challengers are essentially team players .
Their deepest atavistic connection is to their aggrieved race , ethnicity or gender .
Toward the larger society that now often elevates and privileges them , they carry a lingering bad faith -- and sometimes a cavalier disregard where whites are concerned , as with Judge Sotomayor in the Ricci case .
With the Sotomayor nomination , Mr. Obama has made the same mistake his wife made in her " This is the first time I am proud of my country " remark : bad faith toward an America that has shown him only good faith .
Mr. Steele , a research fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution , is the author , most recently , of " A Bound Man : Why We Are Excited About Obama and Why He Can't Win " ( Free Press , 2007 ) .
Please add your comments to the Opinion Journal Forum .
So I have been working on this air conditioning website and as you can imagine good air conditioner scoops are few and far between , so when Jeff the owner called me up with a bit of a story I knew I had to do something .
He found the story on a website called KRGV.com , you can read it here .
It ’s about some women in Texas who found an image that she believes is the Virgin Mary on her air conditioner .
There were n’t very many details really so I just re-worded it pretty much , blew up the tiny photo to a decent size and published it , you can see my post here .
I really did n’t expect it to go anywhere , I mean look at the image , it does in fact look more like death then the Virgin Mary , but to my amazement it did .
The bait was just about crap enough to actually work .
I got people talking about this image all over the web .
Check out the discussions at Reddit , Propeller , Mixx and Plime .
I went to bed last night thinking oh well it ’s not going to get any good links but at least it sparked a bit of discussion and sent Airconco a bit of traffic .
When I woke up this morning and checked the stats , everything looked pretty normal , 1,500 from Reddit , 90 from Mixx etc. but then I saw Twitter.com 500 clicks .
Now I do n’t know a lot about Twitter , but that looked like a lot of traffic , my previous actual decent baits had gotten 50 - 100 clicks from Twitter at the most .
About an hour later I refreshed the stats .
again and now Twitter had sent over 1,000 clicks .
I decided to do a bit of investigating and found the URL that was sending the Twitter traffic : http://bit.ly/NVE6h, I searched Google for the URL and found Ashton Kutcher ’s twitter profile aplusk .
Ashton Kutcher is a big time movie star , he was in that movie Dude , Where ’s My Car and he is married to Demi Moore .
He is one of the most popular Twitter users with over 2 million followers .
Getting some of my work linked to by him is awesome .
The Airconco website has had 5,172 visits from Twitter.com so far and he only linked to the story about 9 hours ago – Link
Update :
The traffic has started to calm down now and the post has had just under 10,000 unique visitors from Twitter.com , about 4,500 uniques that are unaccounted for and a couple more thousand uniques from other social networks .
Altogether the story has had over 16,500 visitors and there are 60 comments on the post .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Weather presenter Tomasz Schafernaker was reduced to hysterics by an unfortunately rude mispronunciation when giving a BBC Radio 4 forecast .
A Versatile and Expandable jQuery Plotting Plugin !
jqPlot is a plotting and charting plugin for the jQuery Javascript framework .
jqPlot produces beautiful line , bar and pie charts with many features : Numerous chart style options .
Date axes with customizable formatting .
Up to 9 Y axes .
Rotated axis text .
Automatic trend line computation .
Tooltips and data point highlighting .
Sensible defaults for ease of use .
jqPlot is an open source project by Chris Leonello .
Download Now !
Free and Open Source ... but worth more !
Consider a Donation .
jqPlot 's Strongest Feature is its Pluggability !
Computation and drawing of lines , axes , shadows even the grid itself is handled by pluggable " renderers " .
Not only are the plot elements customizable , plugins can expand functionality of the plot too !
There are plenty of hooks into the core jqPlot code allowing for custom event handlers , creation of new plot types , adding canvases to the plot , and more !
Numerous line style options with 6 built in marker styles !
Horizontal and vertical Bar charts !
Shadow control on lines , markers , the grid , everything !
Drag and drop points with auto updating of data !
Log
Axes with flexible tick marks !
Trend lines computed automatically !
jqPlot has been tested on IE 7 , IE 8 , Firefox , Safari , and Opera .
You can see jqPlot in action on the tests & examples page .
Remembering the ' Dutch Auschwitz ' The Story of Sobibor
There is little in Sobibor to remind one of the former Nazi concentration camp where 34,000 Dutch Jews died .
That is going to change , thanks in part to help from the Netherlands .
Von Stephane Alonso
While Bill O'Reilly never seems to be able to find any hate - speech coming from the right , perhaps he might to want to check out Patriotshop .us a " Great Gifts for American Patriots " website that offers a " Liberal Hunting License " sticker that pictures a donkey in a target with five bullet holes through it .
The license list the dates for the license , 2009 through 2013 .
Nope , nothing here that might provoke violence .
_______
Could Be The Guy Who Wrote This Column
BLOG : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/steve-young/
VIDEO : www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOQzt0ZPTAs
NEWSPAPER : http://www2.dailynews.com/steveyoung
POLITICAL COLUMN : www.monitor.net/steve
BOOK ( S ) : www.GreatFailure.com /
About author Award - winning TV writer and Award - winning TV writer and political satirist , Steve Young , is author of " Great Failures of the Extremely Successful " and blogs at SteveYoungOnPolitics.com
Hiring ColdFusion web developer from web Development Company is the best choice if website demands for dynamic presentation .
In the world of web development ColdFusion is performing since last many years , it was introduced to the world of website development in year 1995 by JJ Allaire .
At present , web world is enjoying its latest version of Adobe ColdFusion 8.0.1 .
Developers are adding value to the features of the ColdFusion for the last many years and no one can deny from the productive results in website development .
It is very obvious since it was invented long ago developers has gained the valuable expertise in using ColdFusion in the web development work .
Hiring ColdFusion developer from web development company provides professional exposure to project and most of the developers have years of experience in developing dynamic websites using this mature language .
There are some of reasons for popularity of ColdFusion programming language among developers such as : ColdFusion offers creating dynamic applications but in very simple way as developing static pages .
However , development of applications in ColdFusion allows introducing unbelievable range of functionality .
Application developed by using ColdFusion is collection of pages like static website .
Easy development of content ( pages developed in ColdFusion application consists of HTML & server - side ColdFusion Markup Language ( CFML ) which allows to control the behavior of application as well as allows the integration of number of server technologies for producing the content dynamically which is returned ultimately to web browsers )
ColdFusion developers love this programming language because of its ultimate feature of compatibility with other programming languages such as ColdFusion & Java and ColdFusion & .NET .
While in compatibility process Java ’s various libraries & classes can be used with code of ColdFusion for the application development .
Companies use to prefer hiring ColdFusion developers for the professional development of web pages because it is supported world widely by separate active community to help on the critical technical issues .
Since developing dynamic websites at domestic level could be risky , availing all the features perfectly and error free development of website is a critical issue , which could make bad impressions for the goodwill of any professional company on the internet .
Conclusively a professional developer possesses years of experience in developing dynamic websites in other languages also and he can apply smart technical work while using core language ( ColdFusion ) for producing dynamic web pages .
The Vatican appears to have an enduring vocation for Italian political and financial scandal .
Secrecy and intrigue were the order of the day when American archbishop Paul Marcinkus held sway in the Bastion of Nicholas V , the medieval tower housing the Institute for the Works of Religion ( IOR ) , the Vatican 's central bank .
The requirements of a clandestine global struggle against atheist communism may explain the choice of business partners such as Michele Sindona and Roberto Calvi , whose mafia links and ruinous bankruptcies brought lasting discredit on the Catholic church three decades ago .
The Vatican hoped that a goodwill payment of $ 240 m to the creditors of Calvi's Banco Ambrosiano 's would salve its conscience and erase the memory of Marcinkus 's inept and dishonest banking practices .
We were led to believe that a new broom , wielded by the lay banker Angelo Caloia , had since swept the premises of the IOR .
The process of reform has been slower and more painful than previously thought , however , to judge by a new book , Vaticano Spa ( " Vatican Ltd " ) , by the journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi .
According to Nuzzi , despite the best efforts of Caloia , a cavalier attitude to financial ethics appears to have continued well into the 1990s , with huge political bribes being laundered through the IOR and funds donated for charitable purposes or to pay for masses for the souls of the dead being casually misappropriated by the bank 's administrators .
Nuzzi's allegations are based on internal IOR documents , more than 4,000 in all , that were smuggled out of the Vatican by a disgruntled employee .
This unique violation of IOR confidentiality was made possible by an unlikely whistleblower , Monsignor Renato Dardozzi .
An electronic engineer who held a top job at the state telecommunications company , Dardozzi discovered his vocation late in life and was ordained a priest at the age of 52 .
He worked in the IOR under Marcinkus , participated in the joint Vatican / Italian commission that examined the IOR 's role in the Ambrosiano saga , and witnessed Caloia 's uphill struggle against the personnel and practices of the Marcinkus era .
Monsignor Donato De Bonis , who served as secretary general under Marcinkus , continued to work under the new regime .
In 1987 , according to Nuzzi , De Bonis set up the Cardinal Francis Spellman Foundation , with its own account at the IOR .
Signatories on the account included De Bonis himself .
During its first six years of operation the account received some 50bn lire ( £ 22 m ) and paid out 43bn .
The choice of the staunchly anti-communist Spellman as " patron " of the fund is interesting .
The well - connected cardinal of New York earned the sobriquet " money - bags " for his fund - raising skills and earmarked significant sums for Italy 's Christian Democrat party during the cold war years .
The Spellman fund seems to have been administered by De Bonis with promiscuous generosity .
A variety of convents and clerics were to benefit , with payments ranging from the modest 1 m lire paid to five mother superiors , to the $ 50,000 sent to the auxiliary bishop of Skopje - Prizen , for the Albanian - speaking faithful , and the $ 1 m delivered to Cardinal Lucas Moreira Neves , the archbishop of Sao Salvador de Bahia in Brazil .
There were also payments of a more personal nature : 100 m lire for one of the lawyers of Giulio Andreotti , the veteran Christian Democrat politician , $ 134,000 for a conference on Cicero in New York sponsored by the former prime minister , and even a 60 m lire payment to Severino Citaristi , a former treasurer of the Christian Democrat party convicted on corruption charges .
Part of the massive Enimont bribe , paid to politicians to secure their approval for a reorganisation of the chemicals sector , was also bounced through the Spellman fund , according to Nuzzi .
But Caloia and Dardozzi chose discretion over transparency when questioned about it by prosecutors from Milan .
" Despite the full collaboration promised and publicised in the press , they limit themselves to referring only what can no longer be concealed , " Nuzzi writes .
It is interesting to note that Dardozzi 's motive for turning whistleblower was not unalloyed disapproval of the IOR 's unethical conduct .
His decision to smuggle his secret archive out of the Vatican was motivated , at least in part , by anger at the institute 's refusal to pay him a commission on the sale of a valuable real estate property near Florence .
The unusual monsignor wanted to leave the money to his adoptive daughter , whose health condition required expensive hospital treatment .
Whatever the reason , Dardozzi 's archive offers an unprecedented glimpse of the inner workings of one of the world 's most secretive and unaccountable financial institutions .
The idea that a noble end – winning the cold war or funding one 's favourite charity – justifies almost any means , still seems to endure at the pope 's bank in the Nicholas V Tower .
Philip Willan is the author of The Last Supper : The mafia , the Masons and the Killing of Roberto Calvi .
His website is www.philipwillan.com
Who needs medical school anymore ?
You can now watch the world 's surgeons do their thing from the comfort of your parents ' basement
From open - heart surgery to amputations , sex - change operations to autopsies , the operating rooms of the world have gone online .
One website , OR - Live , regularly broadcasts live from the O.R .
For example , tune in next week to watch a hysterectomy .
These broadcasts , and dozens of other videos posted to YouTube , draw hundreds of thousands of viewers .
We 've got four words for you : advertising - supported health care .
And to jump - start the movement , we 've curated 10 of the best surgical videos we could find .
Be forewarned , though , be very forewarned : Some of these are grisly , and all of them are graphic .
The autopsy and sex - change operation , in particular , are very not - safe - for - work and not - safe - for - the - squeamish .
A few other helpful suggestions we 've compiled from personal research .
Do n't watch while eating a hamburger or steak .
Do n't send this link to your mom , even if she 's a doctor .
And do not , under any circumstances , send one of these to your co-workers with the subject line , New From Zooborns , as a joke .
It 's not funny .
__1. Below - Knee Amputation__https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qcqfe1V1smg
2. Surgery on Beating Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxqj1BcBpIg
3. Removing a Fishhook from an Eye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MluccXl8Ykw
4. Sex - Change Operation - NSFWhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOwp3IBQ_Sc
5. Open -Heart Surgery on a Baby Orangutanhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zap0_j2aJn4
6. Autopsy - NSFWhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRAh3Qse-Us
7. A Trip through the Digestive Tracthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM8j_Cx_kNA
8. The Brain Surgery You Stay Awake Forhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STdxt-r7Zic
9. Robotic - Assisted Prostate Surgeryhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45BT7CiEBnQ
10 . Liposuction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfRsBijqS4E
See Also :
Image : flickr / kubina .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An agreement has been reached between Formula 1's governing body and the teams to prevent a breakaway series .
The two parties had been engulfed in a bitter row over planned budgetary and technical changes for the 2010 season .
But it appears a resolution has now been found and , as part of the deal , Max Mosley has agreed not to stand for re-election as president of the FIA .
" There will be no split , there will be one F1 championship .
We have agreed to a reduction of costs , " said Mosley .
" The objective is to get back to the spending levels of the early 90s within two years . "
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone added that he was " very happy common sense has prevailed " following a meeting of 120 members of the FIA in Paris aimed at resolving the crisis .
Ferrari chief president Luca di Montezemolo , head of the Formula One Teams Association ( Fota ) , added : " I think the decisions we have shared this morning are important .
We will have the rules of 2009 , same rules for everybody .
606 : DEBATE I knew they would not dare split from F1 ...
markolee " It means that we have stability .
" I think [ Max Mosley ] has done a very good fix of the problem .
When you have reached an agreement everyone has to help in the same way . "
Ahead of the meeting , Mosley had insisted that he would not step down as part of any potential agreement and might even seek re-election as head of world motor sport .
He hit out at what he described as " wholly unjustified criticism " of the FIA , adding : " It is for the FIA membership , and the FIA membership alone , to decide on its democratically elected leadership , not the motor industry and still less the individuals the industry employs to run its F1 teams . "
However , it appears Mosley has now agreed to move aside when his fourth term as FIA president ends in October , saying : " I will not be up for re-election , now we have peace . "
Furthermore , writs that had been threatened against Ferrari and the other teams in Fota - McLaren , BMW Sauber , Renault , Toyota , Red Bull Racing , Toro Rosso and Brawn GP - are likely to be shelved .
" Fota 's public stance before this meeting was that they were n't in the mood for negotiation or compromise - and if we take that on board , the fact that they 've got their way today must be seen as something of a capitulation by the FIA , " reported BBC Five Live 's David Croft .
I always thought there was n't much between us , now we 've agreed there is n't
FIA president Max Mosley
And that is a view shared by Ferrari , who issued a statement reading : " The FIA 's World Motor Sports Council has approved all Fota 's proposals . "
It added : " The objective is to avoid continuous changes decided by one person alone . "
However , Mosley sought to play down suggestions he had bowed to Fota 's requests , telling BBC Sport : " I know it 's an old cliche but everybody 's won .
" What we wanted was to get new teams into F1 .
We 've got new teams in , which we have n't been able to do for 10 - 15 years , and at the same time got costs down so independent teams are profitable " If they 're happy with what they ( Fota ) have got , fine , I 've won what I wanted .
" As far as I 'm concerned the teams were always going to get rid of me in October , well they still are .
Whether the person who succeeds me will be more to their liking remains to be seen . "
The agreement ends two months of wrangling since Mosley announced after a World Council meeting at the end of April that a voluntary £ 40 m budget cap would be imposed from next season - a plan that prompted a rebellion from eight teams , with Fota announcing on Thursday they were planning a rival series .
But the new agreement ends that threat , while still maintaining the " financial viability " of teams which had been targeted with the initial budgetary restrictions .
Mosley explained : " There is no budget cap because costs will come down to the levels of early 1990s in two years - it 's a different way of doing the same thing .
I always thought there was n't much between us , now we 've agreed there is n't . "
As part of the agreement , existing teams must help new outfits - Campos , US F1 and Manor - with their engines and chassis .
We look forward to working with the FIA Senate to achieve a prosperous and exciting future for Formula 1
Toyota president John Howett Toyota president John Howett , the vice - chairman of Fota , hailed the unity of the teams even though Williams and Force India broke ranks and submitted unconditional 2010 entries earlier this month .
" This has been a challenging period , " he said .
" But thanks to the unity of the Fota teams and the foresight of the World Motor Sport Council members we have achieved the right result for Formula 1 , " he said .
" We look forward to working with the FIA Senate to achieve a prosperous and exciting future for Formula 1 and its millions of fans around the world . "
BBC sports news correspondent James Munro , reporting from Paris , said : " It 's come as a bit of a surprise , given that Fota was planning to meet in Bologna on Thursday to discuss plans for the breakaway championship .
" But what we got today after a meeting of World Motorsport Council was an impromptu press conference and Mosley began by saying there will be no split , there will be one championship .
" He said that over the course of the negotiations he had been able to secure guarantees from the teams who were threatening to break away that they would try to rein back the levels of their spending to the levels they were spending in the early 90s .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It was him that had come up with the idea that next season all teams would have a budget cap of about £ 40 m , but there has clearly been a trade - off as he has also agreed to do what he says was always the plan - stand down as president of the FIA this October . "
It is not the first time Mosley has promised to stand down as FIA president - in June 2004 , he announced he would stand down from his position in October of that year , only to rescind his decision a month later and secure re-election .
But he was adamant that with his 70th birthday approaching , and with the row finally settled , there was no way he would be having a change of heart this time .
" As long as the teams behave themselves I will be gone , " he said .
" A deal is a deal and if it is not stuck to you sometimes have to reconsider things .
However , I have absolute confidence that this resolution will be stuck to . "
Fota was expected to address the media at a press conference on Thursday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Just about everyone has their own Web site these days , but it 's so difficult to get it all set up since there are so , so , so many options to finding website hosting .
I really like 1&1 Web Hosting , after a long time on the Internet , I find it 's just the best for me .
I swear I get an e-mail a day about some new " best web hosting " site , and when I first started working on the Internet I checked them all and researched them to death .
What did I find ?
Well , they 're all about the same , it 's just a matter of personal taste .
My personal taste is easy web hosting .
1and1 is very straightforward , and since I 'm not the most tech - savvy person around , that is essential .
I tried other web hosting stuff before , but they can get sooo complicated .
I can find everything I need right away on 1 and 1 , creating new database and registering new domain names is really , really easy .
Controlling multiple websites , domains and databases is easy to organize .
Here 's a picture of the back end , so easy to use .
Since it 's so straightforward and is always running great , I 've only had to work with customer service once .
A website I had was hacked and started sending people to a phishing scam .
And of course it happened while I was on vacation .
Someone from 1and1.com called me right away and said that my site had been taken down .
They asked if I wanted to change the password and I said I did .
And that was all I had to do .
They reverted everything on my site , changed the password , put it back online and sent me a log of everything that happened .
It was incredible service , fast too .
The site was down for two hours the whole time and I didnâ€™t have to do a thing but answer my phone .
I was so thankful , nothing worse than thinking about work when you 're supposed to be enjoying yourself .
So for their wonderful customer service and easy use , I highly suggest you register your new domain with 1&1 Web Hosting , and if you 're fed up with other crummy web hosts , transfer over and stop fighting with sub -bar services .
>>> Go to www.1and1.com
Ida ’s place in the primate family tree Close up of skull indicating Ida ’s youth ( less than a year old ) .
Her milk teeth are visible and she shows teeth visible in keeping with plant and fruit eaters ( Image : Jens L. Franzen ; Philip D. Gingerich ; Jörg Habersetzer1 ; Jørn H. Hurum ; Wighart von Koenigswald ; B. Holly Smith )
Close up showing the lack of grooming claw familiar with other lemur primates ( Image : Jens L. Franzen ; Philip D. Gingerich ; Jörg Habersetzer1 ; Jørn H. Hurum ; Wighart von Koenigswald ; B. Holly Smith )
Unbridled hoopla attended the unveiling of a 47 - million - year - old fossil primate skeleton at the American Museum of Natural History in New York on 19 May .
Found by private collectors in 1983 in Messel , Germany , the press immediately hailed the specimen as a “ missing link ” and even the “ eighth wonder of the world . ”
Advertisement
Google ’s homepage evolved , incorporating an image of the new fossil – nicknamed Ida – into the company ’s logo .
Now that the first description of the fossil has been published , the task of sifting through the massive public relations campaign to understand the true significance of the new fossil can begin .
Ida forms the basis for a new genus and species of adapiform primate , Darwinius massillae .
The adapids are a branch of the primate tree that leads to modern lemurs ( see figure ) .
Ida ’s skeletal remains are remarkably complete , putting her in a small , elite group of well - documented fossil primates from the Eocene ( 55 to 34 million years ago ) that also includes her North American cousin , Notharctus .
Uniquely for primate fossils this old , Ida ’s stomach contents and a few aspects of her soft anatomy are preserved .
Like all adapiforms , Ida lacked a “ toothcomb ” at the front of her lower jaw – a structure that living lemurs use for grooming fur .
Ida also lacked a “ grooming claw ” on her second toe , another difference from living lemurs .
Otherwise , Ida ’s overall proportions and anatomy resemble that of a lemur , and the same is true for other adapiform primates .
What does Ida ’s anatomy tell us about her place on the family tree of humans and other primates ?
The fact that she retains primitive features that commonly occurred among all early primates , such as simple incisors rather than a full - fledged toothcomb , indicates that Ida belongs somewhere closer to the base of the tree than living lemurs do .
But this does not necessarily make Ida a close relative of anthropoids – the group of primates that includes monkeys , apes – and humans .
In order to establish that connection , Ida would have to have anthropoid - like features that evolved after anthropoids split away from lemurs and other early primates .
Here , alas , Ida fails miserably .
So , Ida is not a “ missing link ” – at least not between anthropoids and more primitive primates .
Further study may reveal her to be a missing link between other species of Eocene adapiforms , but this hardly solidifies her status as the “ eighth wonder of the world ” .
Instead , Ida is a remarkably complete specimen that promises to teach us a great deal about the biology of some of the earliest and least human - like of all known primates , the Eocene adapiforms .
For this , we can all celebrate her discovery as a real advance for science .
Posted on by Wilson
Word on the street is that HB 1252 , the bill that would stop NC cities and towns from providing better broadband service will come up for a vote on Wednesday , May 6th at 10 am in the Public Utilities Committee in room 1228 of the Legislative Building on Jones Street .
You can sign up to receive email updates directly from the Legislature .
We are planning to go that day .
Thanks , again , for all the support .
You guys are great .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Standard |
Fast fractals with Python and numpy
This will be of little interest to people who regularly read my blog , but might be of some interest to people who find their way here by the power of Google .
The standard way to compute fractals like the Mandelbrot set using Python and numpy is to use vectorisation and do the operations on a whole set of points .
The problem is that this is slower than it needs to be because you keep doing computations on points that have already escaped .
This can be avoided though , and the version below is about 3 x faster than the standard way of doing it with numpy .
The trick is to create a new array at each iteration that stores only the points which have n’t yet escaped .
The slight complication is that if you do this you need to keep track of the x , y coordinates of each of the points as well as the values of the iterate z .
The same trick can be applied to many types of fractals and makes Python and numpy almost as good as C++ for mathematical exploration of fractals .
I ’ve included the code below , both with and without explanatory comments .
This 400×400 image below using 100 iterations took 1.1s to compute on my 1.8GHz laptop :
Uncommented version :
def mandel(n , m , itermax , xmin , xmax , ymin , ymax ) : ix , iy = mgrid [ 0 :n , 0 : m ] x = linspace ( xmin , xmax , n ) [ ix ] y = linspace ( ymin , ymax , m ) [ iy ] c = x+complex ( 0,1 ) * y del x , y img = zeros ( c.shape , dtype=int ) ix .
shape = n*m iy . shape = n*m c.shape = n*m z = copy ( c ) for i in xrange ( itermax ) : if not len ( z ) : break multiply ( z , z , z ) add( z , c , z ) rem = abs ( z ) > 2.0 img [ ix [ rem ] , iy [rem ] ] = i+1 rem = - rem z = z[rem ] ix , iy = ix [ rem ] , iy [ rem ] c = c[rem ] return img
Commented version :
from numpy import * def mandel(n , m , itermax , xmin , xmax , ymin , ymax ) : '''
Fast mandelbrot computation using numpy .
( n , m ) are the output image dimensions itermax is the maximum number of iterations to do xmin , xmax , ymin , ymax specify the region of the set to compute . ''' #
The point of ix and iy is that they are 2D arrays # giving the x-coord and y - coord at each point in # the array .
The reason for doing this will become # clear below ... ix , iy = mgrid [ 0:n , 0 : m ] # Now x and y are the x-values and y - values at each # point in the array , linspace ( start , end , n ) # is an array of n linearly spaced points between # start and end , and we then index this array using # numpy fancy indexing .
If A is an array and I is # an array of indices , then A [ I ] has the same shape # as I and at each place i in I has the value A [ i ] .
x = linspace ( xmin , xmax , n ) [ ix ] y = linspace ( ymin , ymax , m ) [ iy ] # c is the complex number with the given x , y coords c = x+complex ( 0,1 ) * y del x , y # save a bit of memory , we only need z # the output image coloured according to the number # of iterations it takes to get to the boundary # abs ( z ) > 2 img = zeros ( c.shape , dtype=int ) #
Here is where the improvement over the standard # algorithm for drawing fractals in numpy comes in .
#
We flatten all the arrays ix , iy and c .
This # flattening does n't use any more memory because # we are just changing the shape of the array , the # data in memory stays the same .
It also affects # each array in the same way , so that index i in # array c has x , y coords ix [ i ] , iy [ i ] .
The way the # algorithm works is that whenever abs ( z ) > 2 we # remove the corresponding index from each of the # arrays ix , iy and c .
Since we do the same thing # to each array , the correspondence between c and # the x , y coords stored in ix and iy is kept .
ix. shape = n*m iy .
shape = n*m c.shape = n*m # we iterate z-> z ^ 2+ c with z starting at 0 , but the # first iteration makes z=c so we just start there .
#
We need to copy c because otherwise the operation # z -> z ^ 2 will send c-> c^2 . z = copy ( c ) for i in xrange ( itermax ) : if not len ( z ) : break # all points have escaped # equivalent to z = z*z +c but quicker and uses # less memory multiply ( z , z , z ) add(z , c , z ) # these are the points that have escaped rem = abs ( z ) > 2.0 # colour them with the iteration number , we # add one so that points which have n't # escaped have 0 as their iteration number , # this is why we keep the arrays ix and iy # because we need to know which point in img # to colour img [ ix [ rem ] , iy [rem ] ] = i+ 1 # -rem is the array of points which have n't # escaped , in numpy - A for a boolean array A # is the NOT operation .
rem = - rem #
So we select out the points in # z , ix , iy and c which are still to be # iterated on in the next step z = z[rem ] ix , iy = ix [ rem ] , iy [ rem ] c = c[rem ] return img if __name__=='__main__' : from pylab import * import time start = time .
time ( )
I = mandel ( 400 , 400 , 100 , - 2 , .5 , - 1.25 , 1.25 ) print ' Time taken : ' , time . time ( ) - start I [ I==0 ] = 101 img = imshow ( I.T , origin= ' lower left ' ) img.write_png(' mandel.png ' , noscale= True ) show ( )
MDI Digital
MDI Digital
How do I love thee ?
I love thee with serotonin produced by my raphe Nuclei .
I love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus .
I love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .
Actually , I hope I love my wife with all my major brain parts but who knows ?
The truth is , I do n't know how I love her .
That 's the whole point of today 's experiment .
We 'll see .
Right now , I 'm stuck inside a whirring , clunking MRI machine at New York University .
Six inches above my nose hovers an image of my smiling wife wearing a black spaghetti-strap dress .
( Yes , that one . )
In the adjoining room , two respected scientists are clicking computer keys and watching streams of data flow out of my skull and into their terminals .
I stare at Julie 's smile .
I think about the most romantic moments in our courtship : kissing in the rain on West Seventy - seventh Street in Manhattan .
The first time I reached over to hold Julie 's hand it was during a twee Irish film called Waking Ned Divine and the joy I felt when she squeezed it back .
The gondola ride in Venice .
( Really ?
Gondola ?
says one part of my brain .
So clichéd .
No , responds another , stay on task . )
" Okay , the romance phase is done , " says one of the scientists .
" Are you ready for sex ? "
I think I love my wife .
At least most of the time .
( Not counting when she makes me go see Henry Jaglom movies . )
But what does that mean I love my wife ?
And how does my love stack up against other husbands ' ?
For the first time in the history of human mating , scientists may have found a way to pin down this most ethereal of emotions .
We 're on the verge of dissecting this butterfly .
A handful of researchers , armed with MRIs , have begun to sift out the chemical mix that makes up love .
" Until recently , we regarded love as supernatural , " says Helen Fisher , a professor of anthropology at Rutgers who is one of the world 's leading researchers on brain chemistry and sexual relationships and half of the team of scientists poking through my cranium .
" We were willing to study the brain chemistry of fear and depression and anger but not love . "
It 's a controversial notion , that love can be reduced to a chemical cocktail .
It gives conniptions to the Foucault types who see love as socially constructed .
Just think of the implications :
If love is simply chemicals , does n't that change its meaning ?
And how soon before we create a scientifically valid love potion ?
( Already under study , by the way . )
What about a love vaccine to help us from falling for the wrong person ?
And if you have to rely on chemical enhancements , do you get an asterisk next to your name in the book of love , like Barry Bonds ?
I 've volunteered to be a guinea pig for two of the field 's pioneers .
In the past five years , Fisher and her research partner , neuroscientist Lucy Brown of Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York , have put forty - nine crazy - in - love people into MRI machines to study their brains .
I 'm number fifty .
But I 'm the first not to be in the crazy - in - love , head - over - heels phase .
I 'm the first average married Joe they 've ever studied .
When I told friends and family I was trying to scientifically assess my love for Julie , they all had the same response : " No good can come of this . "
Marc Hom
But knowledge is good , right ?
And if I understand how I love my wife , maybe I can learn how to love her better .
I asked Julie if she would mind if I opened up my brain .
She had the same reaction as when I suggested we go to Dave & Buster 's restaurant and video arcade for our anniversary .
" Fine , " she sighed .
Inside the MRI tunnel , the image of my wife vanishes from the screen .
And up pops another female face .
This woman has the tip of her pinkie perched alluringly on her lips .
Huge lips .
( Yes , those lips . )
It 's Angelina Jolie .
That 's another part of the experiment .
The scientists and I want to see how my love for my wife compares with my feelings for Angelina Jolie .
I start to think of naughty things I want to do to Angelina Jolie .
My eyes drift down to her cleavage .
My neurons spit out dopamine .
The machine whirs .
Hmm .
No good can come of this .
The Machine
A quick word about this $ 2 million gadget that 's trying to read my mind .
The MRI is to brain science what Galileo 's telescope was to astronomy .
At least if you believe its proponents .
Skeptics and there are quite a few question its accuracy as a guide to brain function , especially when dealing with individuals , as opposed to populations .
They say that overenthusiastic researchers tend to read too much into the results , committing the scientific equivalent of seeing Jesus in a tortilla .
The fMRI ( short for functional magnetic resonance imaging ) captures 3 - D movies of your brain to chart where the blood is flowing .
When you speak , blood flows to the language centers .
When you blink your eyes , it flows to the eye - blinking centers .
After studying the results over the years , Fisher has come up with a theory that love is created by three distinct brain systems those for sex , romance , and attachment .
She has described her findings in several books , most recently Why Him ?
Why Her ?
Here , an oversimplified version :
The Sex Drive .
One of the main lust factories in the brain is a peach - pit - sized lump called the hypothalamus ( deep in your skull , sitting just above the brain stem ) .
This controls hunger and thirst .
It also has receptor sites for testosterone , which fuels the sex drive in both men and women .
So when you 're feeling horny , the hypothalamus is working overtime .
You do n't have to be Richard Dawkins to figure out why evolution gave us the sex drive :
Its job is to spread our DNA as widely and often as possible .
The Romance System .
This produces the cocaine rush you get from beginning love .
And cocaine is more than an idle metaphor .
The reptilian brain one of the nervous system 's most ancient parts floods you with dopamine , just as it does after you snort a line of blow .
The dopamine gives you the same high , lack of sleep , delusional optimism , and obsessive thoughts .
The great poet Robert Palmer was right :
You can be addicted to love .
Romance evolved so that you could focus your mating energies on appropriate partners the most fertile woman , the best providing man .
The Attachment System .
This is friendship on hyperdrive .
While romance is thrilling , attachment is calming .
It 's created by a couple of hormones : vasopressin and oxytocin ( not to be confused with Rush Limbaugh 's painkiller OxyContin ) .
Attachment evolved so that we could " tolerate our partners long enough to raise a kid together , " says Fisher .
The three systems are intertwined .
For instance , sex boosts attachment .
When you have an orgasm , your brain pumps out oxytocin , heightening feelings of closeness .
Which is why one - night stands often last past one night .
And why exhausted married couples should force themselves to hump once in a while .
In fact , semen itself contains oxytocin .
You literally have a love syringe between your legs .
But the systems can often be distinct , Fisher believes .
I will be the first human to test all three at once .
Inside the Machine
It 's a few days before the experiment , and I 'm busy scouring photo albums in search of three perfect photos of my wife one to spark each of the love systems .
For the sex photo , I find a picture of my wife on the beach on our honeymoon .
She 's got her back to me and is looking over her shoulder .
( Yes , that 's her .
The one with the partially exposed boob .
Thank you for letting me print that , Julie . )
Later ,
Fisher tells me this is an echo of the classic " lordosis " pose favored by female animals .
When female horses ( or monkeys or pandas , etc. ) want to mate , they raise their hips and look back over their shoulder at the male .
The attachment photo is harder .
I choose one from a dinner for Julie 's thirty - fifth birthday .
Julie disapproves .
" I have red eyes there .
How can you find me attractive ? "
" I think you look good . "
" There are so many better ones . "
" You 're not allowed to argue , " I tell her .
This is one of the huge side benefits of this project .
Fisher told me that Julie and I can't get in a big fight before the test , lest it taint the results .
This is , as Blagojevich says , a golden opportunity .
Like this morning , Julie wanted me to take the early shift with our kids .
I said it was her turn .
She started to argue .
" The MRI is coming up , " I said , and rolled over .
In the end , Julie wins the attachment - photo argument .
( That 's her choice . )
On Thursday , I e-mail all three photos to Brown .
And on Monday , I show up at NYU for my scan .
I lie down on the table , and Fisher strokes my hand to calm me .
She 's very maternal .
They slide me into the tunnel .
The images flash .
I 've got a list of scenarios to think about , depending on which photo is up .
I 've got romantic scenarios , attachment scenarios ( picnic with the kids , watching The Office on the couch next to Julie ) , and sex scenarios .
( I 'll spare you . )
In between the images , Brown and Fisher try to clear the blood from my brain .
The cleanser is a " neutral " face a high school friend of Julie 's who elicits overpowering boredom in me .
( I ca n't show you . )
The entire exercise is at once scientific and voyeuristic .
Like they 're filming the most cerebral , least sexy porno in the history of the world .
Afterward , I fill out several questionnaires about my feelings toward Julie .
Do I get depressed when things do n't go right with Julie ?
Yes .
Do I think obsessively about Julie ?
Not really .
The Results
A few days later , Brown e-mails me some initial findings .
It 's a great e-mail , full of exclamation points and capital letters .
( " OOOh , this is just too exciting ... " )
It 's also quite technical .
I understand a good 40 percent of it .
She e-mails again a few minutes later : " I just read my message over again , and I 'm not sure it's that coherent .
Sorry .
I 'm excited . "
Later , I get a more polished report and do a debriefing with the scientists .
It 's interesting the interpretation of the results is n't like reading a red or blue litmus paper .
It requires art as well as science .
( Skeptics say more of the former . )
The major findings :
Romance : I 'm not so addicted to love .
The forty - nine human guinea pigs who went before me were all truly , madly , deeply in love .
Some had just fallen in love .
Some had just been dumped .
( In a cruel twist of bioengineering , the romantic craving actually gets more intense post - dumping . )
And seventeen belonged to the small , freakish subset of people who claim they are still madly in love after years of marriage .
These long - term romantics did , in fact , show cocainelike responses .
I am not in that freakish subset .
In fact , I 'm one of the first of the fMRI guinea pigs not to show the rush from my lizard brain .
This was n't an honor I wanted .
Now , I 'm not totally devoid of romance .
Julie did fire up my prefrontal cortex , which is more intellectual , less visceral .
" It 's a more complex picture , " says Brown .
" Your brain is not just seeing pure reward , the way it is in the beginning of a relationship .
Your brain is seeing some difficulties . "
I tell Julie I do n't have head - over - heels romantic feelings toward her .
" Shocker , " she says .
" Why , you are n't head over heels in love with me ? " I ask .
" Uh , no . "
As part of the study , we 'd each filled out questionnaires about how passionately we love each other .
One of the questions was Do you tremble when you see your lover ?
" So you do n't tremble when you see me ? " I ask her .
" No .
Did you say you trembled ? "
" A little .
Sometimes . "
" You so do not tremble . "
She 's right .
I was just worried she 'd see the questionnaire and get pissed .
Attachment : I love like a rodent of the grasslands .
Scientists who study sex and love are totally smitten with prairie voles , a breed of overgrown mice that lives in dry parts of the Midwest .
What 's so special about prairie voles ?
They 're basically monogamous unlike the sluts and man-whores that make up 97 percent of mammals .
So if you want to study monogamy and the government wo n't let you manipulate human love lives you play God with the voles .
Scientists do this by tweaking two brain chemicals oxytocin and vasopressin .
If you suppress the vasopressin system , normally faithful voles start acting like Eliot Spitzer .
But if you boost the vasopressin in a promiscuous vole ( such as the prairie vole 's randy cousin the montane vole ) , it settles down with a mate .
Vasopressin seems to be a key to attachment in male rodents .
Oxytocin is the female equivalent .
They do their job in a brain section called the ventral pallidum which lit up when I was looking at a picture of Julie and one of my sons .
" There 's lots of data on prairie voles about this area , but you 're among the first humans to show this , " says Brown .
" It reveals this system may be conserved through mammals . "
Like the voles , I have a strong attachment to my mate .
It 's hard to rank the three love systems , but it looks as if attachment is the winner for me , edging out sex and romance .
And mine is a positive attachment , flavored with the dopamine pleasure drug .
( You can be attached to someone and hate them . )
This is reassuring information .
On the other hand , I could block my vasopressin and be wenching in no time .
Sex : Against all odds , I 'm still hot for my wife .
Chemically , I 'm at the most unmanly point in my life .
A guy 's testosterone drops when he gets married .
( I 'm nine years in . )
It also drops when he has kids .
( I 've got three boys . )
" Every time you cuddle with your children , you 're likely to be driving down your testosterone , " says Fisher .
I can feel this .
My sex drive is in neutral a lot of the time .
Before the results came in , Brown told me to keep my expectations low .
The sex regions might stay dark .
She told me , " I actually think men in your situation " meaning married with young kids " should be encouraged to go to the Internet and look at pornography , because it brings novelty into the home .
When you look at [ porn ] , you 're going to have some hormonal flooding .
Which is needed in the ' captivity ' situation . "
And yet , according to the MRI , my libido is surprisingly strong .
Looking at a sexy photo of my wife " activated part of your ' new brain ' that represents the sensation of touch in your genital area , " says Brown .
" It 's an interesting finding , because you said you had no erection . "
That 's true .
I had no erection .
At my age , I need some soft music and small talk .
Even when I was in the romance phase of the test , the sex regions of the brain lit up .
This is beginning to look like quite a message for women , Brown writes me .
Men always tell us that sex is important to them , that they are always thinking about it , it 's always a factor when looking at women , but these data are making it really sink into my thick skull and take notice .
You read it here first .
Angelina
Here 's what my wife said when she found out she was going up against Angelina Jolie : " If you do n't find Angelina more sexually attractive , there 's something wrong with you . "
The results are in and apparently there 's something wrong with me .
Brown writes : Julie and Angelina were exactly the same in areas associated with sexual arousal .
Your midbrain thinks Julie is just as attractive as Angelina in the objective sense .
But the romantic love is n't there for Angelina .
Well , it 's almost there for Angelina .
Perilously close , in fact .
But it does n't make the cut .
I do find my wife beautiful .
But hotter than Angie ?
Like my wife , I 'm not sure how to explain it .
The measurements may be off .
The researchers might be reading too much into the results .
The MRI might have picked up the guilt and anxiety I felt when thinking about bradding Angie ( and knowing my wife would see the results ) .
Or ... there 's the lovely possibility that I am more sexually drawn to my wife .
The Chinese
A colleague of Fisher 's did a study of newly - in - love Beijing couples .
The results though preliminary are intriguing .
The Chinese subjects were much more cautious about love than Americans .
" They were more fearful about it , more careful about their emotions , " says Brown .
The research paper ( written by Xiaomeng Xu and several collaborators ) puts it this way : " The Chinese participants tended to associate love with negative features , e.g. , heartbreak , and spontaneously listed more negative items than Americans , who associated love with more positive features , e.g. , adoration . "
The key brain region here might be the lateral orbital frontal cortex .
This is a newer part of the brain , more intellectual , less instinctual , involved with weighing rewards and losses .
And it fired up when both the Chinese and I thought about love .
This finding rings true .
As I 've gotten older , I 've gotten more scared of love .
I 've come to see it as a dangerous emotion .
I love the falling - in - love part .
It 's the falling - out - of - love part I can't stand .
The paranoia , the depression , the aching .
The gunfire .
Nowadays , if I had to sacrifice the highs to avoid the lows , I would .
I 'd prefer a mild emotional climate in my brain .
Like the Bay Area .
Fisher says she agrees with me .
A few years ago , she says , " I was rejected horribly .
I lost twenty pounds .
My clothes looked ridiculous on me .
I only had three hours of sleep at night .
This is not all in fun .
There 's a lot of talk about the positive aspects of love .
We as a society downplay the danger , the anxiety , and the disappointment .
We romanticize romance . "
She adds , " Evolution really overdid it with the feeling of falling out of love . "
So , in the end , how do I love thee ?
" You do love your wife , " says Brown .
" It 's just in a more complicated way .
The way most people love their long - term spouses . "
I love her , but not with the junkie 's high .
" But do n't give up on that , " says Fisher .
" I think those children are going to grow up and you 're going to have the experience of being madly in love . "
In fact , she and Brown want to put me back in the scanner each year for several years .
" We want to determine the natural history of love relationships and the corresponding changes in brain systems within individuals . "
I could even try to rev up the romance quotient for next year .
Unfortunately , the best way to kick - start romance is by following that tiresome marital advice about doing exciting , novel , slightly dangerous things with your spouse .
" Take a subway , and get off at a random stop , and eat at some dump that 's the first place you see , " suggests Fisher .
It 'll get the dopamine and testosterone flowing .
Not good news for housebound schmoes like me .
Then again , legal love potions may be on the market soon .
That 'd be easier .
One company is already selling bottles of what they call Liquid Trust .
It 's an odor - free spray laced with oxytocin , the chemical that jacks up trust and attachment .
I got a bottle sent to me at Esquire a few weeks ago .
" It might work , " says Brown , as she spritzed some on her hair , just in case .
" It needs to be tested in a double - blind test . "
It 's a weird feeling , trying to reduce love to organic compounds .
Fisher 's been doing it for years and is often asked if it takes all the fun out of love .
She says no .
" I can know every single ingredient in a piece of chocolate cake , but when I sit down to eat it , I can still feel the joy . "
For me , translating love into biology is actually kind of reassuring .
Yes , it takes away some of the mystery but also the fear .
Think of it like a drug :
If you 're high and feel like you 're sliding off the face of the earth , you can tell yourself , Hey , I 'm having a horrible chemical reaction , but I 'll get over it .
I will stabilize .
Plus , the MRI gave me some supposedly objective proof of my feelings .
This comes in handy .
Julie snaps at me today for forgetting to buy her oranges on the way home .
She accuses me of being inconsiderate .
" Sorry , " I say , " but it 's a scientific fact that I love you . "
And I 've got 3 - D images to prove it .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
This image was taken by NASA ’s Phoenix Mars Lander ’s Surface Stereo Imager on June 5 , 2008 , the eleventh day after landing .
It shows the robotic arm scoop , with a soil sample , poised over the partially open door of the lander ’s oven ( Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Texas A&M University )
Marks left by the Phoenix Lander ’s scoop , after soil samples were taken ( Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Texas A&M University )
An artist ’s conception of the Phoenix Mission Lander on Mars ( Image : NASA / JPL )
HAVE Mars landers been destroying signs of life ?
Instead …
Truckers Tell All
We left off yesterday , sitting on the edge of our seats :
Is the bear market rally … the suckers ’ rally …over ?
After a major fall in prices , there ’s nothing more reliable than a bounce .
And then , the bounce reliably gives way to another , harder fall .
Not that we ’re looking forward to seeing poor Humpty Dumpty fall off the wall again .
We just like to see things turn out they way they ’re supposed to .
Humpty has it coming .
The Dow fell 184 points on Wednesday .
Maybe it marked the turning point .
Maybe Mr. Market figures he ’s lured in enough suckers .
With stocks up 9 weeks in a row …and investors with a 37 % gain … this would be a fairly typical bear trap .
Stocks are not cheap .
There is no reason to buy them unless you think the economy will improve , raising corporate profits .
How likely is that ?
Well it depends on what you think is going on .
If you think this is just a pause in an otherwise - healthy economy … then , you might believe that things will pick up .
That ’s what ’s happened after every recession since 1948 .
The average one lasted only about 10 months … with about a 2 % decline in GDP .
By those yardsticks , this one ought to be over .
But if you believe that this is something more than a typical Post - WWII recession , then …watch out .
The Great Depression lasted for nearly 4 years … taking 27 % out of the GDP .
And then , when it looked as though it was over , along came another downward whack in 1937 that lasted another 13 months .
And just look at what is going on in Japan .
There , they ’ve had an on - again , off - again recession since 1990 .
Investors who bought into the rebounds any time in the last 19 years were subsequently disappointed .
Each time Japanese stocks rallied , they soon fell again .
Now , they are going up – along with the rest of the world ’s stocks .
But they ’re still down about 70 % from the 1989 high .
Yesterday , the Dow managed a weak rebound .
It gained 46 points .
Oil and the dollar stayed where they were .
Gold rose to $ 928 .
As near as we can tell , everything is coming to pass as expected : Consumers are cutting back .
Stocks are bouncing .
The economy is weakening .
And the government is making things worse .
After 25 years of recklessly spending , borrowing , and going deeper and deeper in debt , Americans are coming to their senses .
They ’re cutting back .
They ’re determined to stop being the bagman for the entire globalized world economy .
“ Since the early 1980s , ” begins a report in the Economist , “ spending by households on goods , services and homes has grown faster than GDP , making it the locomotive of American – and global – expansion .
By 2006 it accounted for 76 % of nominal GDP , the highest since quarterly data began in 1974 .
“ This was accompanied by a steady decline in the personal saving rate and a rise in household debt relative to income .
By itself , this was not a problem ; household debt has risen relative to income since the 1950s , as a growing share of the population has taken out mortgages .
Despite the higher debt burden , falling interest rates kept total household financial obligations – interest payments , rent and leases – within a range during the 1980s and 1990s .
“ An inflection - point occurred around 2000 .
Income growth stagnated but debts continued to grow rapidly , from 94 % of income to 133 % in 2007 … ”
But that was when house prices were rising and credit was easy to get .
This year is different , the Economist tells us .
The credit card industry sent out only one quarter as many solicitations for new credit card customers as it did last year .
And now , with house prices falling … and the financial industry running for cover …consumers no longer have shovels to dig themselves deeper holes of debt ; instead , they have to stop spending so much money .
The Economist estimates that consumers need to shuck $ 3 trillion worth of excess mortgage debt , alone , in order to get back to year - 2000 levels .
If all US savings were put to the task , even that would take 4 or 5 years at the present rate .
“ Adding debt is always a lot faster than paying it off , ” explains colleague Simone Wapler .
But the year 2000 was a year with very low real interest rates … and it came at the end of a 20 - year period of credit expansion , not at the beginning of one .
As real interest rise in the next long cycle of credit contraction , consumers are likely to want to erase debt down to , say , a 1990 – or even a 1980 – level , which would require paying off trillions more .
Expecting them to stop at the year 2000 is wishful thinking .
It ’s like expecting this bear market to take stock prices to go back to their year - 2000 level , rather than to a level more in keeping with a real bottom .
Or expecting to become only a little bit wrinkled … and no more …
“ This process , known as de-leveraging , requires consumption to grow more slowly than income in coming years , ” notes the Economist .
Incomes are actually falling .
Not surprising , consumption is falling too :
( Reuters ) – Sales at U.S. retailers fell for a second straight month in April as cash - strapped consumers held back on purchases , government data showed on Wednesday , denting hopes the economy would soon emerge from recession .
The Commerce Department said retail sales slipped 0.4 percent after falling 1.3 percent in March .
Sales dropped despite an increase in the disposable income of some households due to tax cuts and cash transfers linked to the government ’s record $ 787 billion stimulus package .
Analysts said U.S. householders , whose wealth has been decimated by plunges in house and stock prices , likely decided to save the extra income or pay off debt instead of spending it .
Economists had expected sales to be flat …
“ Consumers still have n’t decided to start spending money and the economy is still in a funk .
Folks are very focused on non-discretionary items , buying staples , and people are trying to deleverage themselves , ” said Bob Duffy , leader of global advisory firm FTI ’s Retail Practice .
Naturally , if consumers do n’t buy , there ’s no need to restock the shelves …and if you do n’t have to restock the shelves you do n’t have to call for a delivery .
All goods need to be moved from one place to another .
That ’s why economists keep an eye on the trucking industry .
If the trucks are n’t rolling , the economy is n’t either .
Dow
Theory maintains that you only have a reliable stock market signal when the main index is confirmed by a movement in the transportation index .
In other words , if the trucking and shipping companies do n’t confirm an up - tick , the movement of the broader market may be a feint or a fluke .
So how are the teamsters doing ?
If you ’re hoping to hear that the downturn is ending , do n’t ask questions at a truck stop .
In the first quarter of this year , 480 trucking companies went out of business .
Last year , the total was 3,000 companies … representing 7 % of all the nation ’s trucks .
The more the economy contracts , the more trucks get run off the highway .
Eventually , the number of trucks still on the roads is sufficient , but not excessive , for the volume of goods they have to move .
Until that happens , the slump continues !
This is not just another recessionary pause , in other words .
This is a depression .
And depressions bring changes , not just a rest .
The trucking industry needs to adjust to the new levels of consumer spending .
That means fewer big rigs on the road .
In this case , the truckers tell all .
The auto industry needs to adjust too .
In today ’s paper is more discussion of Detroit ’s efforts to break its contracts with its franchise dealers .
Chrysler has 800 franchises it ’s trying to get rid of .
GM has 1,000 .
The contracts need to be renegotiated .
Employees need to be let go .
The car lots need to be abandoned or re-built for other uses .
All this takes time .
Meanwhile , the latest jobless numbers are higher than forecast .
Los Angeles County transportation officials are considering prices of 25 cents to $ 1.40 per mile for solo motorists who use the high - occupancy toll lanes that have been proposed for the 110 and 10 freeways .
Like other tollways in Southern California , officials plan to use congestion - based pricing -- tolls that rise and fall in direct relation to the volume of traffic -- to keep individual motorists , carpools , van pools and buses in the high - occupancy lanes at a minimum speed of 45 mph , even during rush hour .
Under the tentative pricing schedule , 25 cents per mile would be charged when demand is lowest for the lanes , while the maximum toll , $ 1.40 per mile , would be in effect during the busiest part of the day .
Vehicles carrying more than one person would not be charged .
“ The project should go a long way to relieving congestion in the region and on two of our more congested freeways , ” said Caltrans District Director Douglas Failing , who announced the proposed tolls and other developments in the project at a news conference Monday .
Advertisement
Before the tolls are set by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority board on July 23 , the public will be allowed to comment during five community hearings scheduled for this month in Carson , El Monte , Los Angeles , Torrance and West Covina .
Written comments can also be submitted to the MTA by July 14 .
Information about the hearings is available at www.metro.net/expresslanes.
The demonstration project , which will be evaluated to see if congestion is indeed reduced , has received a $ 210.6 - million federal grant -- the largest of its type awarded to any city to date , according to the U.S. Department of Transportation .
Some of the money will also go to improve bus service along the two freeways .
Caltrans and the MTA will convert existing carpool lanes to high - occupancy toll lanes on 14 miles of the 10 Freeway from Alameda Street to the 605 Freeway and on 11 miles of the 110 Freeway from Adams Boulevard to the Artesia Transit Center at 182nd Street .
Advertisement
A second high - occupancy toll lane will be added in both directions to the 10 Freeway .
Plans also call for automated toll plazas , road improvements and additional transit services , including 57 clean - fuel buses that will operate along both highway corridors .
The project , which is expected to create 7,000 jobs during construction , is scheduled to be completed by December 2010 .
“ I ’m glad we are taking another step forward in congestion management , ” said Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley - Thomas , who as a state senator wrote the legislation to secure the federal grant .
“ The results we will see will bode well for other long - term efforts to do the same . ”
Charging solo motorists to travel in carpool lanes has been implemented in other states , including Texas , Florida and Washington .
In Southern California , Caltrans is building 20 miles of such lanes along the 15 Freeway in northern San Diego County .
Although only eight miles of the system are finished , Gustavo Dallarda , the project director , said the lanes on the 15 have reduced congestion despite construction that has occasionally closed lanes on the highway .
Advertisement
--
dan.weikel@latimes.com
[ shal ] Monolith [ / shal ] has released a promotional trailer for their upcoming [ shal ] FEAR 2 [ / shal ]
DLC , “ Armored Front . ”
The footage shows the two new maps included in the DLC , “ Conductor ” and “ Decoy ” .
There ’s also some wild mech action to check out .
Some new character skins are also set to be included in this package , which will be available for $ 6.99 .
Check out the trailer below , and let us know what you think .
Armored Front is set to release on May 21st .
[ Source ]
After becoming Mr Sarkozy 's third wife last year Mrs Bruni-Sarkozy has campaigned against the spread of Aids in Africa .
The Pope 's stance against the use of contraceptives in Africa was roundly criticised in France – including by many Catholics .
Some 43 per cent of them wanted the Pontiff to step down , according to one poll .
All hail – or inhale – the 2010 Olympic Torch .
Or , as it ’s jokingly known around Vancouver , the Olympic Toke .
Composed of stainless steel , aluminum and sheet moulding , the torch was designed to evoke snow , ice , skiing and skating , but to many , the metre- long white torch looks suspiciously like a marijuana joint , especially when lit .
The observation has become so common in this city that it ’s hard to know who was the first to say , “ Hey , does n’t that look like … ”
But the torch ’s resemblance to British Columbia ’s biggest cash crop was evident right away to Jodie Emery , editor of Cannabis Culture magazine .
“ A lot of people come to Vancouver because it ’s marijuana - friendly , so I think people who already enjoy a joint themselves will feel a little more kinship to the Olympics , ” said Emery , who ran as a Green party candidate in the provincial election this month .
“ I ’m sure the organizers did n’t intend for it to look like a joint , but that ’s what a lot of people are seeing . ”
The association between toking and the Olympics did n’t begin with the torch , of course .
At the 1998 Games in Nagano , Japan , Whistler skier Ross Rebagliati won , then lost , the gold medal in snowboarding after testing positive for marijuana .
The medal was returned after Rebagliati explained he had inhaled second - hand smoke .
And Olympic swimming sensation Michael Phelps was photographed in February smoking pot from a bong .
Industrial designer Mark Busse said he does n’t see a joint so much as a tweezer or scalpel .
“ Sure , it may look a little bit like a joint , but I can tell you that what they were going for was ergonomics , sleekness , modernity , ” he said .
Suzanne Reeves , the Vancouver organizing committee ’s director of communications for the Olympic torch relay , said she has taken the torch across the country and people ’s faces light up when they get the chance to hold it .
At Nathan Phillips Square a couple of weeks ago , Reeves said she had the torch in a bag when a cyclist went by and did a double - take when he saw what she had .
Reeves said what she sees when she looks at the torch is the edge of snow and an unfurling flag .
“ It ’s quite magical .
Most people ’s reactions are emotional , ” she said .
The torch will be carried by 12,000 people over 45,000 kilometres as it makes its journey across Canada .
Because the torch will travel through the winter months , it had to meet some tough technical requirements , including being able to withstand high winds , cold temperatures and different altitudes .
The torch officially is meant to resemble the lines left behind by skiers and skaters on snow and ice .
Any double – or doobie – entendres , officials say , are purely unintentional .
– Article from The Toronto Star .
In response to purse - tightening consumers and the popularity of cheap netbooks , Apple is " tailoring changes " that will " drive down prices " of the most popular Mac models .
So goes a rumor from AppleInsider that rings true enough to bear repeating :
Consumers in the coming months can look forward to more affordable versions of both the 13 - inch MacBook and iMac , according to people who 've proven extremely reliable in predicting Apple 's future business directions .
The MacBook -- which currently starts at US$ 999 when fitted with a previous - generation polycarbonate enclosure and $ 1299 in an aluminum unibody casing -- is the bestselling Mac in terms of volume .
The iMac is the most popular Mac desktop .
It 's believed that the first batch of more affordable Macs could turn up as early as this spring .
Industry Standard editor Ian Lamont predicted in December that Apple would terminate the iMac desktop line , because of the mass market 's move to low - cost , portable computers .
I politely disagree : I use a 24 " iMac to crank out articles for the Standard every day , and I can't imagine replacing my baby with anything other than another iMac .
I do n't want a MacBook connected to a Cinema Display -- $ 3,400 rather than $ 1,500 for the same specs .
But Apple - watchers have known for months that Apple could n't possibly be ignoring the recession - driven shift in the PC market away from $ 1,000 notebooks to $ 300 netbooks .
Acer chairman J.T.
Wang has forecast that 1 in 4 laptops bought next year will be netbooks .
Gartner 's more conservative forecast says that 'll be true in three years max .
Steve Jobs famously said , " We do n't know how to build a sub - $ 500 computer that is not a piece of junk . "
Since when does Jobs ever claim not to know how to do something ?
Former Apple engineer Andy Hertzfeld , in his book Revolution in the Valley , documented Jobs ' drive to build a cheap , yet powerful personal computer .
The price of the Mac was one of Jobs ' biggest fallouts with new CEO John Sculley .
Cheaper Macs at this point are a given .
What remains to be seen for fans is how Apple will redefine the idea of low - cost computer .
Copyright 2009 IDG .
All Rights Reserved .
Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics .
Self - esteem check :
Too low or just right ?
Self - esteem is shaped by your thoughts , relationships and experiences .
Understand the range of self - esteem and the benefits of having a healthy opinion of yourself .
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Self - esteem is your overall opinion of yourself — how you feel about your abilities and limitations .
When you have healthy self - esteem , you feel good about yourself and see yourself as deserving the respect of others .
When you have low self - esteem , you put little value on your opinions and ideas .
You might constantly worry that you are n't good enough .
Here 's how to tell if your self - esteem needs a boost and why it 's important to develop a healthy sense of your own worth .
Factors that shape and influence self - esteem
Self - esteem begins to form in early childhood .
Factors that can influence self - esteem include :
Your thoughts and perceptions
How other people react to you
Experiences at home , school , work and in the community
Illness , disability or injury
Age
Role and status in society
Media messages
Relationships with those close to you — parents , siblings , peers , teachers and other important contacts — are important to your self - esteem .
Many beliefs you hold about yourself today reflect messages you 've received from these people over time .
If your relationships are strong and you receive generally positive feedback , you 're more likely to see yourself as worthwhile and have healthier self - esteem .
If you receive mostly negative feedback and are often criticized , teased or devalued by others , you 're more likely to struggle with poor self - esteem .
But past experiences and relationships do n't have to be your destiny .
Your own thoughts have perhaps the biggest impact on self - esteem — and these thoughts are within your control .
If you tend to focus on your weaknesses or flaws , working on changing that can help you develop a more balanced , accurate view of yourself .
Range of self - esteem
Self - esteem tends to fluctuate over time , depending on your circumstances .
It 's normal to go through times when you feel down about yourself and times when you feel good about yourself .
Generally , however , self - esteem stays in a range that reflects how you feel about yourself overall , and increases slightly with age .
Consider how to recognize the extremes of your self - esteem :
Low self - esteem .
When you have low or negative self - esteem , you put little value on your opinions and ideas .
You focus on your perceived weaknesses and faults and give scant credit to your skills and assets .
You believe that others are more capable or successful .
You might have difficulty accepting positive feedback .
You might fear failure , which can hold you back from succeeding at work or school .
Healthy self - esteem .
When you have healthy self - esteem it means you have a balanced , accurate view of yourself .
For instance , you have a good opinion of your abilities but recognize your flaws .
When self - esteem is healthy and grounded in reality , it 's hard to have too much of it .
Boasting and feeling superior to others around you is n't a sign of too much self - esteem .
It 's more likely evidence of insecurity and low self - esteem .
Benefits of healthy self - esteem
When you value yourself and have good self - esteem , you feel secure and worthwhile .
You have generally positive relationships with others and feel confident about your abilities .
You 're also open to learning and feedback , which can help you acquire and master new skills .
With healthy self - esteem you 're :
Assertive in expressing your needs and opinions
Confident in your ability to make decisions
Able to form secure and honest relationships — and less likely to stay in unhealthy ones
Realistic in your expectations and less likely to be overcritical of yourself and others
More resilient and better able to weather stress and setbacks
Self - esteem affects virtually every facet of your life .
Maintaining a healthy , realistic view of yourself is n't about blowing your own horn .
It 's about learning to like and respect yourself — faults and all .
Given the record of U.S. interference in the state affairs of Iran and clear policy of regime change , it is possible if not likely that the U.S. had a significant role to play in helping to bring about the recent turmoil in an effort to undermine the government of the Islamic Republic .
Following the announcement of victory for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over his main opponent Mir Hossein Mousavi in Iran ’s presidential election on June 12 , the country erupted in turmoil as supporters of Mousavi flocked to the streets to protest what they claimed was a fraudulent election , while state security and militia forces cracked down on dissenters , sometimes violently .
Iran claimed that the unrest was being fueled by foreign interference , a charge reported but generally dismissed in Western media accounts .
But there is ample reason to believe that the U.S. likely had a hand in fomenting the chaos that has since plagued the country many commentators have compared to the 1979 revolution that overthrew the Shah .
The role of the U.S. in overthrowing the democratically elected Prime Minister of Iran Mohammed Mossadegh in 1953 and installing the brutal regime of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is by now well known .
In his speech in Cairo last month , President Barack Obama even referenced the CIA - backed coup , acknowledging that “ In the middle of the Cold War , the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government . ” [ 1 ]
The U.S. lost their principle ally in the Middle East , however , when the Shah was in turn overthrown as a result of the Islamic revolution that swept the country in 1979 , resulting in the clerical regime that continues to this day under Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who took over the title from the leader of the revolution , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
During the Reagan administration , the U.S. illegally sold arms to the Iranian regime even while supporting Saddam Hussein in Iraq ’s devastating war against the Islamic Republic .
And while neoconservatives in Washington had their eye on Iran as a target for regime change throughout the Clinton years , it was n’t until George W. Bush came to be president that a strategy for bringing this about began in earnest .
Whether the policy of regime change implemented under Bush has been quashed or continued by the administration of President Barack Obama remains to be seen , but what is incontrovertible is that the U.S. has a long and sordid history of interference in Iranian affairs .
The National Endowment for Democracy
One mechanism by which the U.S. interferes in the internal political affairs of other nations is the National Endowment for Democracy ( NED ) , a quasi - governmental agency with funding from both Congress and private individuals whose purpose is to support foreign organizations sympathetic to U.S. foreign policy goals .
NED ’s website states that its creation in the early 1980s was “ premised on the idea that American assistance on behalf of democracy efforts abroad would be good both for the U.S. and for those struggling around the world for freedom and self - government . ” [ 2 ]
The idea behind NED was to create an organization to do overtly what the CIA had long been doing clandestinely , and the organization has developed its own history of foreign interference .
“ A lot of what we do today was done covertly 25 years ago by the CIA , ” acknowledged Allen Weinstein , one of NED ’s founders . [ 3 ]
In Nicaragua , for instance , the CIA provoked opposition activities in the hopes that it would prompt an “ overreaction ” from the Sandinista government .
The NED was there , also , providing money to opposition groups while the CIA armed contra terrorists ( using money from the sale of arms to Iran , incidentally ) . [ 4 ]
In the Bulgarian elections of 1990 , NED spent over $ 1.5 million in an effort to defeat the Bulgarian Socialist Party ( BSP ) .
When the effort failed and the BSP won , NED backed opposition groups that sowed chaos in the streets for months until the president and prime minister finally resigned . [ 5 ]
The NED was in Albania supporting the opposition to the communist government that was elected in 1991 .
Once again , turmoil in the streets led to the collapse of the government , forcing a new election in which the U.S. - backed Democratic Party won . [ 6 ]
Between 1990 and 1992 , NED financed the Cuban - American National Foundation , an anti-Castro group out of Miami that in turn funded Luis Posada Carriles , a terrorist harbored by the U.S. who was responsible for the bombing of a Cuban airliner in 1976 that killed 73 people . [ 7 ]
NED was present in Mongolia helping to unite opposition parties under the National Democratic Union to defeat the Mongolian People ’s Revolutionary Party that had won elections in 1992 .
With backing from NED , the NDU won in 1996 and U.S. media lauded the economic “ shock - therapy ” that the new pro-West government would implement .
Under the new government , the National Security Agency ( NSA ) also set up shop with listening posts to spy on China . [ 8 ]
During the Clinton administration , NED was in Haiti working with the opposition to ousted president Jean - Bertrand Aristide . [ 9 ]
And NED was in Venezuela financing the opposition to President Hugo Chavez , including groups involved in the attempted coup in 2002 that nearly succeeded in his overthrow . [ 10 ]
NED is also active in Iran , granting hundreds of thousands of dollars to Iranian groups .
From 2005 to 2007 , NED gave $ 345,000 to the Abdorrahman Boroumand Foundation ( ABF ) . [ 11 ]
The group claims “ no political affiliation ” on its website , but is named for the founder of the National Movement of the Iranian Resistance ( NAMIR ) , an opposition group to the clerical regime founded in 1980 .
According to the group ’s website , Boroumand was murdered by agents of the Iranian government in Paris , France , in 1991 . [ 12 ]
The website is registered to the Boroumand Foundation , listed at Suite 357 , 3220 N ST. , NW , Washington , D.C. [ 13 ]
Another recipient of NED grants is the National Iranian American Council ( NIAC ) , which received $ 25,000 in 2002 , $ 64,000 in 2005 , and $ 107,000 in 2006 .
The 2002 grant was to carry out a “ media training workshop ” to train participants representing various civic groups in public relations .
The 2005 money was given in part to “ strengthen the capacity of civic organizations in Iran ” , including by advising Iranian groups on “ foreign donor relations . ”
The 2006 grant was similarly designed to “ foster cooperation between Iranian NGOs and the international civil society community and to strengthen the institutional capacity of NGOs in Iran . ” [ 14 ]
The group ’s president is Dr. Trita Parsi , whose parents fled political repression in Iran when he was four .
He studied for his Doctoral thesis at the Johns Hopkins ’ School for Advanced International Studies under Professor Francis Fukuyama . [ 15 ]
Fukuyama wrote in 2007 that “ Ahmadinejad may be the new Hitler ” , but that the use of military force against Iran “ looks very unappealing ” , and that airstrikes “ would not result in regime change ” , which was “ the only long - term means of stopping ” Iran ’s alleged nuclear weapons program . [ 16 ]
The NIAC similarly opposes the use of military force against Iran , and instead “ supports the idea of resolving the problems between the US and Iran through dialogue in order to avoid war . ” [ 17 ]
Following the Iranian election and subsequent violence , NIAC issued a statement saying that “ The only plausible way to end the violence is for new elections to be held with independent monitors ensuring its fairness . ” [ 18 ]
Last November , the Iranian ambassador to the United Nations Mohammad - Javad Zarif charged the U.S. with attempting to orchestrate a “ velvet revolution ” in Iran .
One of the means by which this was being carried out , he said , was by means of workshops .
“ American officials have been inviting Iranian figures to so - called scientific seminars over the past few years ” , he said .
“ However , when the Iranians attend these sessions , they realize they have gathered to discuss measures to topple the Iranian government ” . [ 19 ]
The Office of Iranian Affairs
In February , 2006 , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice requested emergency funding from Congress to the amount of $ 75 million , on top of a previously allocated $ 10 million , “ to mount the biggest ever propaganda campaign against the Tehran government ” , in the words of The Guardian .
The money “ would be used to broadcast US radio and television programmes into Iran , help pay for Iranians to study in America and support pro-democracy groups inside the country . ”
The propaganda effort would include “ extending the government - run Voice of America ’s Farsi service from a few hours a day to round - the - clock coverage . ”
In announcing the request , Rice said the U.S. “ will work to support the aspirations of the Iranian people for freedom and democracy in their country . ” [ 20 ]
The Christian Science Monitor reported candidly on the “ implicit goal ” of the requested funds as being “ regime change from within ” , and similarly noted that “ The money will go toward boosting broadcasts in Farsi to Iran , support for opposition groups , and student exchanges . ”
A former specialist on the Middle East from the National Security Council , Raymond Tanter suggested the U.S. could work with an Iranian opposition group , the Mujahideen - e - Khalq ( MEK ) .
“ If we are serious about working with groups from within , ” he said , “ it will have to be with the MEK , because there ’s no other opposition force the regime cares about . ”
Mehdi Marand , a spokesman for the Council for Democratic Change in Iran , similarly said that some in the Congress were ready to remove the MEK from the terrorist list .
“ If the US really wants to help the democratic forces inside Iran , ” he said , “ the only way is to remove restrictions from the opposition . ” [ 21 ]
The problem is that the MEK is on the State Department ’s list of terrorist organizations .
Based in Iraq , the group came under the sway of the U.S. after the 2003 invasion that overthrew the regime of Saddam Hussein .
According to former U.N. weapons inspector Scott Ritter , who was among a few lone voices pointing out prior to the invasion of Iraq that there was no credible evidence the country still possessed weapons of mass destruction , the U.S. was already working with the MEK .
Well prior , in 2005 , Ritter wrote that the Bush administration had authorized a number of covert operations inside Iran .
“ The most visible of these ” , he wrote , “ is the CIA - backed actions recently undertaken by the Mujahideen - e - Khalq , or MEK , an Iranian opposition group , once run by Saddam Hussein ’s dreaded intelligence services , but now working exclusively for the CIA ’s Directorate of Operations . ”
The MEK ’s CIA - backed operations within Iran included “ terror bombings ” , Ritter charged . [ 22 ]
A State Department cable unclassified in March , 2006 and entitled “ Recruiting the Next Generation of Iran Experts ” began by asserting that “ Effectively addressing the Iran challenge ranks as one of the highest foreign policy priorities for our Government over the next decade . ”
The document outlines a plan developed under then Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to “ promote freedom and demoncracy [ sic ] in Iran . ”
To this end , the State Department created the Office of Iranian Affairs ( OIA ) under the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs , which would “ reach out to the Iranian people ” and bring more Iran experts into the Foreign Service and more Persian - speaking officers into the OIA , the Intelligence and Research Bureau ( INR ) , and other branches of the State Department .
Part of the “ outreach ” effort would be based in Dubai , a “ natural location ” for a regional office due to its “ proximity to Iran and access to an Iranian diaspora ” . [ 23 ]
The Dubai office would be modeled on the listening station in the Latvian capital of Riga , according to the document , which was where the U.S. had a listening station to gather information on the Soviet Union during the 1920s ( George Kennan was at one time stationed there ) .
The Iranian media has referred to the station as the “ regime - change office . ”
A State Department official based in Dubai said the office ’s purpose “ is to get a sense of what ’s going on in Iran .
It is not some recruiting office and is not organizing the next revolution in Iran . ” [ 24 ]
But the State Department cable also stated that among responsibilities of the Deputy Director of the Dubai station would be to seek “ ways to use USG programs and funding to support Iranian political and civic organizations ” and “ to alert Washington on [ the ] need to issue statements on behalf of Iranian dissidents . ”
The OIA would also create an International Relations Officer Generalist ( IROG ) position in Istanbul to advance “ U.S. policy objectives with the Iranian [ expatriate ] community ” in Turkey and Israel .
A similar position would be created for the same purpose in Frankfurt , London , and Baku . [ 25 ]
In an op -ed in the Los Angeles Times critical of the Bush administration ’s designs on Iran , Charles A. Kupchan , a professor of international affairs at Georgetown University and senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , and Ray Takeyh , also a senior fellow at the CFR , observed that the objective was “ not just to contain Tehran ’s nuclear ambitions but also to topple the Iranian government . ”
Their main criticism with the new “ strategy for regime change ” is that it was likely to “ backfire and only strengthen Tehran ’s hard - liners ” by giving them cause to decry “ U.S. ‘ interference ’ ” and thus lending them political leverage to implement a crackdown on dissidents . [ 26 ]
When asked whether the OIA was intended to promote regime change , a State Department senior official told CNN it was “ to facilitate a change in Iranian policies and actions ” before acknowledging , “ Yes , one of the things we want to develop is a government that reflects the desires of the people , but that is a process for the Iranians . ” [ 27 ]
Then US ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton acknowledged in October 2006 that regime change was the “ ultimate objective ” of the U.S. sanctions policy , and adding that it “ puts pressure on them internally ” and “ helps democratic forces ” within the country and amongst the Iranian diaspora . [ 28 ]
Administration officials told the New York Times that then Vice President Dick Cheney was promoting the “ drive to bring Iranian scholars and students to America , blanket the country with radio and television broadcasts and support Iranian political dissidents . ”
The program was to be “ overseen by Elizabeth Cheney , a principal deputy assistant secretary for Near Eastern affairs , who is also the vice president ’s daughter . ” [ 29 ]
A Washington Post article on the new office noted money would be spent on “ opposition activities ” and observed that “ Although administration officials do not use the term ‘ regime change ’ in public , that in effect is the goal they outline as they aim to build resistance to the theocracy . ”
The Post also noted that a “ setback ” for the Bush administration had come when Congress cut $ 19 million from the funding that would mainly affect broadcast operations , thus affecting plans to increase Voice of America ( VOA ) broadcasts into Iran to 24 - hours a day . [ 30 ]
The Financial Times reported in April , 2006 that the effort was being coordinated with the U.K. and noted that criticism of the administration ’s strategy included some of the same Iranians the program was designed to bolster .
“ Serious Iranian opposition politicians are virtually unanimous in saying that foreign funding of activities designed to promote democracy , especially by the US or UK , would be counter - productive ” , the Financial Times reported .
The article also quoted Ali Akbar Javanfekr , a press adviser to President Ahmadinejad , as saying that Iranians are “ alert ” to the “ propaganda of enemies ” . [ 31 ]
In May , the Los Angeles Times reported that the OIA was headed by David Denehy , a specialist at the International Republican Institute ( IRI ) . [ 32 ]
The IRI has been a recipient of NED funds , and was active in Venezuela , including the year of the attempted coup , when the IRI received $ 299,999 from NED to “ train ” political parties ( including the IRI , over $ 1 million in grants was given by NED to groups operating in Venezuela in 2002 ) . [ 33 ]
NIAC president Trita Parsi explained the goal of the U.S. policy by saying , “ The administration is trying to make regime change through democratization the policy , instead of making confrontation by military means the policy . ”
The L.A. Times also reported that “ at the Pentagon , an Iranian directorate will work with the State Department office to undercut the government in Tehran . ”
The new Iranian directorate , the report noted , “ has been set up inside its policy shop , which previously housed the Office of Special Plans [ OSP ] ” . [ 34 ]
The OSP was the office headed by Douglas Feith that was created to bypass the normal intelligence review process and stovepipe information bolstering the policy of regime change in Iraq , including information from Iraqi dissidents like Ahmad Chalabi , who was afforded little credibility outside Feith ’s office .
In an article for Rolling Stone , author James Bamford revealed how a member of Feith ’s cabal at the OSP , Michael Ledeen , set up a meeting with Iranian dissidents to further the goal of regime change in Iran .
Ledeen had served as the Reagan administration ’s intermediary with Israel during the illegal arms deal that became known as the Iran - Contra Affair .
At the meeting in Rome , Ledeen , along with Larry Franklin and Harold Rhode , met with an Iranian named Manucher Ghorbanifer in a safehouse provided by Nicolò Pollari , the director of Italy ’s Military Intelligence and Security Service ( SISMI ) .
Pollari had just months before been responsible for providing to that Bush administration what would later be revealed to have been fabricated documents purporting to show that Saddam Hussein had obtained yellowcake uranium from Africa .
The men discussed the possibility of using the MEK to further their goal of regime change in Iran , according to Bamford ’s sources who were familiar with the meeting .
Additionally , Larry Franklin , who worked under Feith in the OSP , later met with two other men “ who were also looking for ways to push the U.S. into a war with Iran . ”
The two men were Steven Rosen and Keith Weissman of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
With the FBI watching , Franklin illegally passed classified information on a National Security Presidential Directive dealing with U.S. policy on Iran to AIPAC with the goal of having the influential Israeli lobby exert pressure on the White House to adopt the draft directive .
In the July 24 article , Bamford wrote , “ Over the past six months , the administration has adopted almost all of the hard - line stance advocated by the war cabal in the Pentagon … .
To back up the tough talk , the State Department is spending $ 66 million to promote political changes inside Iran — funding the same kind of dissident groups that helped drive the U.S. to war in Iraq . ”
Writing in the New York Times Magazine in June , 2007 , Negar Azimi wrote about how the Iranian newspaper Kayhan “ editorializes almost daily about an elaborate network conspiring to topple the regime .
Called ‘ khaneh ankaboot , ’ or ‘ the spider nest , ’ the network is reportedly bankrolled by the $ 75 million and includes everyone from George Soros to George W. Bush to Francis Fukuyama to dissident Iranians of all shades . ”
Azimi added , “ If the spider ’s nest had a headquarters , it might well be the Office of Iranian Affairs , which sits on the second floor of the State Department ” and “ was charged with outlining , in close consultation with Denehy , how to spend the democracy fund . ”
$ 36.1 million of the funds was to go to VOA Persian and Radio Farda .
VOA has often featured Reza Pahlavi , son of the former Shah , who now lives in Maryland .
On April 1 , 2007 , VOA featured the head of the Balochi terrorist group Jundallah , Abdel Malek Rigi , who was “ introduced as the leader of an armed national resistance group . ”
Mehdi Khalaji , a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy who previously had worked for three years at Radio Farda , told Azimi that the VOA ’s new administrators “ do not seem to be able to distinguish between journalism and propaganda … .
If you host the head of Jundallah and call him a freedom fighter or present a Voice of America run by monarchists , Iranians are going to stop listening . ” [ 35 ]
U.S. Covert Operations in Iran
In April , 2006 , investigative journalist Seymour M. Hersh wrote in the New Yorker magazine that “ The Bush Administration , while publicly advocating diplomacy in order to stop Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapon , has increased clandestine activities inside Iran and intensified planning for a possible major air attack . ”
A source with ties to the Pentagon told Hersh that American units were operating in Iran and “ working with minority groups in Iran , including the Azeris , in the north , the Balochis , in the southeast , and the Kurds , in the northeast . ”
The principle goal was to “ ‘ encourage ethnic tensions ’ and undermine the regime . ” [ 36 ]
Asia Times
Online reported shortly thereafter that a “ former Iranian ambassador and Islamic Republic insider ” had provided details “ about US covert operations inside Iran aimed at destabilizing the country and toppling the regime – or preparing for an American attack . ”
According to the source , “ The Iranian government knows and is aware of such infiltration . ”
Richard Sale , intelligence correspondent for United Press International , corroborated the charges made by Hersh , saying that “ The Iranian accusations are true , ” but that “ it is being done on such a small scale – a series of pinpricks – it would seem to have no strategic value at all . ”
The Asia Times Online article continued , noting recent unrest in Iranian ethnic minority communities , including amongst Kurdish , Arab , and Balochi populations .
In one incident “ in late January , a previously unknown Sunni Muslim group called Jundallah ( Soldier of Allah ) captured nine Iranian soldiers in the remote badlands of Sistan - Balochistan province that borders Afghanistan and Pakistan . ” [ 37 ]
In July , Seymour Hersh repeated in an interview with NPR that the U.S. was supporting anti-regime terrorist groups including the MEK , Jundallah , and the Party of Free Life of Kurdistan ( PJAK ) .
“ The strategic thinking behind this covert operation is to provoke enough trouble and chaos so that the Iranian government makes the mistake of taking aggressive action which will give the impression of a country in acute turmoil ” , Hersh said , in order to give the White House a casus belli . [ 38 ]
In a July 29 article , Scott Ritter wrote that “ American taxpayer dollars are being used , with the permission of Congress , to fund activities that result in Iranians being killed and wounded , and Iranian property destroyed … .
The CIA today provides material support to the actions of the MEK inside Iran .
The recent spate of explosions in Iran … appears to be linked to an MEK operation … . ” [ 39 ]
Hersh wrote another article in the New Yorker in November noting that the Pentagon was increasingly conducting covert operations that had traditionally been the CIA ’s domain and giving further details about its activities in Iran .
“ In the past six months , Israel and the United States have been working together in support of a Kurdish resistance group known as the Party for Free Life in Kurdistan ” , which has conducted raids into Iran .
He repeated that the “ Pentagon has established covert relationships with Kurdish , Azeri , and Balochi tribesman , and has encouraged their efforts to undermine the regime ’s authority in northern and southeastern Iran . ” [ 40 ]
On Democracy Now ! with Amy Goodman , investigative journalist Seymour Hersh joined Scott Ritter in a conversation about the topic of Ritter ’s book , Target Iran : The Truth About the White House ’s Plans for Regime Change , which claimed the U.S. was conducting operations in Iran using the MEK .
Ritter said the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad was building a station in Azerbaijan to work with Iran ’s Azeri population and was also working closely with the MEK . [ 41 ]
On February 27 , 2007 , the London Telegraph reported , “ America is secretly funding militant ethnic separatist groups in Iran in an attempt to pile pressure on the Islamic regime to give up its nuclear program .
“ In a move that reflects Washington ’s growing concern with the failure of diplomatic initiatives , CIA officials are understood to be helping opposition militias among the numerous ethnic minority groups clustered in Iran ’s border regions .
“ The operations are controversial because they involve dealing with movements that resort to terrorist methods in pursuit of their grievances against the Iranian regime .
“ In the past year there has been a wave of unrest in ethnic minority border areas of Iran , with bombing and assassination campaigns against soldiers and government officials .
“ Such incidents have been carried out by the Kurds in the west , the Azeris in the north - west , the Ahwazi Arabs in the south - west , and the Balochis in the south - east . ”
A former high - ranking CIA official told the Telegraph that the CIA ’s funding for opposition and separatist groups was “ no great secret ” .
Fred Burton , a former US State Department counter - terrorism agent and author of Ghost : Confessions of a Counterterrorism Agent ( published in 2008 ) , also told the Telegraph that “ The latest attacks inside Iran fall in line with US efforts to supply and train Iran ’s ethnic minorities to destabilize the Iranian regime . ”
And John Pike of the Global Security think tank in Washington said , “ The activities of the ethnic groups have hotted up [ sic ] over the last two years and it would be a scandal if that was not at least in part the result of CIA activity . ”
Pike also said that “ A faction in the Defense Department wants to unleash ” the MEK .
“ They could never overthrow the current Iranian regime but they might cause a lot of damage . ” [ 42 ]
Journalist and later author of The Iran Agenda : The Real Story of U.S. Policy and the Middle East Crisis ( published in October 2007 ) Reese Erlich told Amy Goodman on Democracy Now ! in March 2007 that the U.S. was using Kurdish groups against Iran .
“ In the case of one group , ” he disclosed , “ the P.K.K. or the Kurdistan Workers Party and they are , along with Israel , sponsoring them to carry out guerilla raids inside Iran , and it ’s part of a much wider plan by the United States to foment discontent and actual terrorist activities by ethnic Iranians in various parts of Iran .
And when I was in northern Iraq , I was able to determine that that kind of activity is going on from Iraqi soil under the Kurdish controlled areas of Iraq , into Iran . ”
Erlich also explained how the PJAK was formed as a breakaway group from the PKK and added that “ they ’re playing a very similar game with the Mujahideen - e - Khalq , another Iranian Group , and with groups in Balochistan , which is near the Pakistan Iranian border where some revolutionary guard bus was blown up . ”
He added that Israel was also “ backing various Kurdish groups . ” [ 43 ]
Further corroboration was given in April , according to the ABC News blog “ The Blotter ” , which reported that according to U.S. and Pakistani intelligence sources , the Balochi group Jundullah , operating out of the Balochistan province in Pakistan , was carrying out deadly operations inside Iran under the guidance and encouragement of the U.S. Funding for Jundullah was not provided directly , but instead , “ Tribal sources tell ABC News that money for Jundullah is funneled to its youthful leader , Abdel Malik Regi , through Iranian exiles who have connections with European and Gulf states . ”
Referencing the attack on the bus Erlich spoke of in his interview with Amy Goodman , ABC News noted that Jundullah had taken credit for a number of terrorist attacks and kidnappings , including “ an attack in February that killed at least 11 members of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard riding on a bus in the Iranian city of Zahedan . ” [ 44 ]
Again in May , ABC News reported that “ The CIA has received secret presidential approval to mount a covert ‘ black ’ operation to destabilize the Iranian government , ” according to current and former intelligence officials .
The presidential finding “ reportedly includes a coordinated campaign of propaganda , disinformation and manipulation of Iran ’s currency and international financial transactions . ”
Retired CIA senior official Bruce Riedel said he could n’t “ confirm or deny whether such a program exists ” , but added that “ it would be consistent with an overall American approach trying to find ways to put pressure on the regime ” .
Vali Nasr , adjunct senior fellow for Mideast studies at the Council on Foreign Relations , told ABC News , “ I think everybody in the region knows that there is a proxy war already afoot with the United States supporting anti-Iranian elements in the region as well as opposition groups within Iran ” . [ 45 ]
The same day as the ABC News report , the Telegraph also reported that “ President George W Bush has given the CIA approval to launch covert ‘ black ’ operations to achieve regime change in Iran , intelligence sources have revealed . ”
The official document endorsed “ CIA plans for a propaganda and disinformation campaign intended to destabilize , and eventually topple , the theocratic rule of the mullahs . ”
The plan would also include sabotaging Iran ’s economy “ by manipulating the country ’s currency and international financial transactions . ” [ 46 ]
In July , 2008 , former Pakistan Army Chief General Mirza Aslam Baig went public with the charge that the U.S. was backing Jundullah operations based out of Balochistan province . [ 47 ]
Jundullah claimed responsibility for the suicide bombing of the Amir al - Mohini mosque in the city of Zahedan on May 14 , 2009 , and said the target had Revolutionary Guards holding a meeting inside .
Iran accused the U.S. of being behind the bombing . [ 48 ]
Jalal Sayyah , an official at the governor ’s office in Sistan - Baluchestan province , told state radio , “ The terrorists , who were equipped by America in one of our neighboring countries , carried out this criminal act in their efforts to create religious conflict and fear and to influence the presidential election ” . [ 49 ]
Interior Minister Sadegh Mahsooli similarly said , “ Enemies try to influence the election by terror , just as they did in Zahedan yesterday … .
The terror agents are neither Sunni nor Shiite but American and Israeli seeking a Sunni- Shiite divide . ”
Opposition candidate to President Ahmadinejad Mir-Hossein Mousavi also blamed “ foreign forces ” for the bombing . [ 50 ]
The U.S. naturally denied the charge .
“ We condemn this terrorist attack in the strongest possible terms , ” said State Department spokesman Ian Kelly .
“ We do not sponsor any form of terrorism in Iran . ” [ 51 ]
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs issued a statement saying , “ The United States strongly condemns the recent terrorist attacks in Iran … .
The American people send their deepest condolences to the victims and their families .
No cause justifies terrorism , and the United States condemns it in any form , in any country , against any people . ” [ 52 ]
The next day , gunmen attacked President Ahmadinejad ’s campaign headquarters in Zahedan , and three men were arrested as they tried to escape . [ 53 ]
The Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) reported that three people , including a child , had been wounded in the attack .
According to Al - Arabiya , a Saudi - financed channel in Dubai , Jundullah had claimed responsibility for the attack . [ 54 ]
On June 9 , 2009 , just days before the presidential election , the Iranian state news agency Press TV reported that the brother of Jundullah leader Abdel Malik Rigi , Abdulhamid Rigi , had confirmed in an interview that the U.S. had met with the group since 2005 and helped to arm them .
He himself had also met with the Americans in Islamabad , Pakistan , he said , according to the report . [ 55 ]
A ‘ Velvet Revolution ’
Two months before the election , Iran announced that its Revolution Guards Corps ( IRGC ) had uncovered a plot to overthrow the regime and accused the Netherlands of conspiring with the U.S. and U.K. to provide financial support to opposition groups and websites for “ anti- government activities ” to bring about a “ soft overthrow ” of the government . [ 56 ]
Following the disputed election that resulted in an overwhelming win for the incumbent candidate President Ahmadinejad , rallies erupted in the streets of Tehran , with protesters charging that the election had been fraudulent and calling for an annulment of the announced result .
Protests in some cases turned into riots resulting in property destruction and acts of arson .
State security forces responded violently to some protests , and the state - backed Basij militia was blamed for storming Tehran University and killing 13 . [ 57 ]
The Basij was also blamed for other atrocities , including the murder of a young woman identified as Neda Agha Soltan .
Neda was captured on a grisly video that has gone viral on the internet showing her lying in the street bleeding to death after apparently having been shot . [ 58 ]
Amid the chaos and charges of foreign interference in the elections , Iran cracked down further on dissent , blocking websites and issuing a ban on foreign reporters .
During the confusion , the social - networking internet site Twitter reportedly became an important means for protesters to organize and keep each other updated .
A Twitter user posts brief updates ( “ tweets ” ) via a web browser or cell phone text messaging .
Other users may subscribe to that user ’s tweets to receive instant updates .
Thus , despite efforts to block other internet sites , Iran could not put a stop to Twitter activity without blocking all SMS communications .
But the “ Twitter Revolution ” , as some Western media have dubbed it , may not be all it appears .
Blogs in the U.S. exploded with unconfirmed reports based on anonymously submitted tweets , many ostensibly coming from inside Iran .
But as the Washington Post observed , “ It is hard to say how much twittering is actually going on inside Iran . ” [ 59 ]
While much of what was being Twittered has since been confirmed , there has been no shortage of dubious information going around .
The New York Times observed that “ just as Twitter has helped get out first - hand reports from Tehran , it has also spread inaccurate information , perhaps even disinformation . ”
Among the false information spread via Twitter and repeated by bloggers were : “ That three millon protested in Tehran last weekend ( more like a few hundred thousand ) ; that the opposition candidate Mir Hussein Moussavi was under house arrest ( he was being watched ) ; that the president of the election monitoring committee declared the election invalid last Saturday ( not so ) . ” [ 60 ]
The popularity of the latter claim was in no small part due to a post by Andrew Sullivan in his popular blog “ The Daily Dish ” at The Atlantic .
Sullivan reported , “ Yes , the president of Iran ’s own election monitoring commission has declared the result invalid and called for a do - over .
That is huge news : when a regime ’s own electoral monitors beak [ sic ] ranks , what chance does the regime have of persuading anyone in the world or Iran that it has democratic legitimacy ? ” [ 61 ]
Sullivan linked to a Farsi language website as his source , Peykeiran.com , [ 62 ] but Sullivan admittedly cannot read Farsi , so he was clearly merely relaying information he saw elsewhere , perhaps on Twitter , without attribution .
Sullivan ’s relayed claim , whatever its true origin , was promptly repeated in blogs across the net following his posting it at The Daily Dish .
But when shown the post and the linked - to page in Farsi , Kourosh Ziabari , an Iranian journalist and correspondent for Foreign Policy Journal , replied , “ Actually , Andrew Sullivan has made a mistake , as far as I see .
The one who asserted that the election results were invalid was Ali-Akbar Mohtashami , the Administrator for the Committee of Votes Preservation at the national campaign of Mir- Hossein Mousavi . ” [ 63 ]
This is hardly the same “ huge news ” Sullivan claimed it to be .
The New York Times also observed that “ Not only is it hard to be sure that what appears on Twitter is accurate , but some Twitterers may even be trying to trick you . ”
An example cited is that of fabricated posts purporting to be from ABC News reporter Jim Sciutto . [ 64 ]
In that case , Sciutto said , the Iranian government attempted “ to turn technology against the protesters .
Officials have started a number of fake opposition pages on Twitter , which are tweeting propaganda and misleading information . ” [ 65 ]
Sciutto offered no evidence that it was actually the Iranian government that was responsible for Twittering in his name , but then , of course , it is easy to accept that the Iranian government is using Twitter to spread misinformation simply as a matter of faith .
And yet , despite the great amount of false or unsubstantiated claims made by apparent supporters of the opposition , there ’s reluctance on the part of the mainstream media and bloggers to attribute to it the word “ propaganda ” , much less to suggest that there might have been a coordinated effort by anti-regime groups or foreign intelligence services to spread misinformation or foment unrest .
Evgeny Morozov , a blogger for Foreign Policy and a fellow at the Open Society Institute , questioned the “ Twitter revolution ” in an op - ed for the Boston Globe .
He pointed out that “ social media could do wonders when it comes to making many people aware of government ’s abuse or the venue of a rally ” , but “ organizing protests is quite different from publicizing them ; the former requires absolute secrecy , that latter one strives for the opposite . ”
“ However tempting it might be to attribute the Iranian protests to the power of Twitter , Facebook , and other social media , ” Morozov added , “ we should be extremely careful in our conclusions , especially given that the evidence we are working with is extremely sparse . ” [ 66 ]
Morozov also told the Washington Post that it “ is not at all certain ” that Twitter “ has helped to organize protests ” , but “ in terms of involving the huge Iranian diaspora and everyone else with a grudge against Ahmadinejad , it has been very successful . ”
During a live discussion with readers , he observed that many posters had listed their location as Tehran in “ solidarity ” and that the Iranian diaspora was highly active in using social media .
He also pointed out that it is n’t known whether a person with an Iranian sounding name posting content Farsi about events in Tehran was actually “ in Tehran or , say , Los Angeles ” . [ 67 ]
When Twitter Inc scheduled maintenance for the website , the U.S. asked the company to postpone the work so the service would not be interrupted as it was being used to rally people into the streets to protest the election .
“ One of the areas where people are able to get out the word is through Twitter , ” a senior State Department official told reporters .
“ They announced they were going to shut down their system for maintenance and we asked them not to . ” [ 68 ]
Iran shortly thereafter summoned the Swiss ambassador , who also represents U.S. interests in the country since the U.S. severed diplomatic relations after the 1979 revolution , to complain about American interference in Iranian affairs . [ 69 ]
One might be tempted to argue that the strategy for regime change implemented under the Bush administration that including funding for propaganda , support for Iranian dissident groups , and backing for anti-regime militants and terrorists has changed under the new administration of President Barack Obama .
There is no evidence , many have pointed out , of U.S. meddling in the Iranian election .
But then , neither is there any clear indication that Obama ever revoked the policy strategy implemented under Bush .
The most likely scenario is that Obama has put the military option favored by some in the Bush administration on the back burner in favor of other means to carry out a change of regime in Iran .
Whatever the case may be , given the record of U.S. interference in the state affairs of Iran and clear policy of regime change , it certainly seems possible , even likely , that the U.S. had a significant role to play in helping to bring about the recent turmoil in an effort to undermine the government of the Islamic Republic .
Certain name variants in this report have been changed within quoted text for consistency .
British spellings have also been changed to American English .
An earlier version of this report said that Al - Arabiya was a “ state owned ” channel .
It is a Saudi - financed channel operating out of Dubai and the text has been changed to reflect this .
[ 1 ] Remarks by President Barack Obama in Cairo , Egypt , White House , June 4 , 2009
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_office/Remarks-by-the-President-at-Cairo-University-6-04-09/
[ 2 ] David Lowe , “ Idea To Reality : A Brief History of the National Endowment for Democracy ” , National Endowment for Democracy , Accessed June 22 , 2009
http://www.ned.org/about/nedhistory.html
[ 3 ] William Blum , Rogue State : A Guide to the World ’s Only Superpower ( Monroe , Maine : Common Courage Press , 2000 ) , p. 180
[ 4 ] Susan F. Rasky , “ C.I.A. Tied to Nicaragua Provocations ” , New York Times , September 21 , 1988
http://www.nytimes.com/1988/09/21/world/cia-tied-to-nicaragua-provocations.html
William Blum , Rogue State , p. 175
[ 5 ] William Blum , Rogue State , p. 157
[ 6 ] Ibid. , p. 157-8
[ 7 ] Ibid. , p. 183
[ 8 ] Ibid. , p. 177
[ 9 ] Ibid. , p. 182
[ 10 ] William Blum , “ US coup against Hugo Chavez of Venezuela , 2002 ” ( Excerpted from Freeing the World to death : Essays on the American Empire ) , KillingHope.org , accessed June 22 , 2009
http://killinghope.org/essays6/venez.htm
Eva Golinger , “ The Proof is in the Documents : The CIA Was Involved in the Coup Against Venezuelan President Chavez ” , VenezuelaiFOIA.info , accessed June 22 , 2009
http://venezuelafoia.info/evaenglish.html
[ 11 ]
Information on grants for years 2005 - 2007 available on the National Endowment for Democracy website , accessed June 22 , 2009
http://www.ned.org
[ 12 ]
Information from the Abdorrahman Boroumand Foundation website , accessed June 22 , 2009
http://www.iranrights.org/
[ 13 ] WHOIS domain lookup , accessed June 22 , 2009
http://www.whois.net
[ 14 ] National Endowment for Democracy website , accessed June 22 , 2009
http://www.ned.org/grants/06programs/grants-mena06.html#iran
[ 15 ]
Information from the National Iranian American Council website , accessed June 22 , 2009
http://www.niacouncil.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=826&Itemid=28
[ 16 ]
“ The neocons have learned nothing from five years of catastrophe ” , The Guardian , January 31 , 2007
http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2007/jan/31/comment.usa
[ 17 ] National Endowment for Democracy website , accessed June 22 , 2009
[ 18 ] “ NIAC Calls for New Election in Iran ” , National Iranian American Council Press Release , June 20 , 2009
http://www.niacouncil.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=1452&Itemid=2
[ 19 ] “ US plotting Velvet Revolution in Iran ? ” , Press TV , November 18 , 2008
http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=75784§ionid=351020101
[ 20 ] Ewen MacAskill and Julian Borger , “ Bush plans huge propaganda campaign in Iran ” , The Guardian , February 16 , 2006
http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2006/feb/16/usnews.iran
[ 21 ]
Howard LaFranchi , “ A bid to foment democracy in Iran ” , Christian Science Monitor , February 17 , 2006
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0217/p03s03-usfp.html
[ 22 ] Scott Ritter , “ The US War with Iran has Already Begun ” , Al Jazeera , June 20 , 2005
http://www.commondreams.org/views05/0620-31.htm
[ 23 ]
“ Recruiting the Next Generation of Iran Experts : New Opportunities in Washington , Dubai and Europe ” , Unclassified State Department Cable , released March , 2006
http://images1.americanprogress.org/il80web20037/ThinkProgress/2006/0293_001.pdf
“ New ‘ Office of Iranian Affairs ’ Outlined in State Department Cable ” , Think Progress , March 1 , 2006
http://thinkprogress.org/2006/03/01/iran-doc/
[ 24 ] Lionel Beehner and Greg Bruno , “ Intelligence on Iran Still Lacking ” , Council on Foreign Relations , December 4 , 2007
http://www.cfr.org/publication/12721/
[ 25 ]
“ Recruiting the Next Generation of Iran Experts ”
[ 26 ] Charles A. Kupchan and Ray Takeyh , “ The wrong way to fix Iran ” , Los Angeles Times , February 26 , 2006
http://articles.latimes.com/2006/feb/26/opinion/oe-kupchan26
[ 27 ] Elise Labott , “ U.S. to sharpen focus on Iran ” , CNN , March 2 , 2006
http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/03/02/us.iran/
[ 28 ]
Guy Dinmore and Daniel Dombey , “ Bolton : sanctions ‘ help regime change ’ ” , Financial Times , October 24 , 2006
http://us.ft.com/ftgateway/superpage.ft?news_id=fto102420061730242214&page=2
[ 29 ] Steven R. Weisman , “ Cheney Warns of ‘ Consequences ’ for Iran on Nuclear Issue ” , New York Times , March 8 , 2006
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9801E0D61531F93BA35750C0A9609C8B63&sec=&spon=&pagewanted=all
[ 30 ] Peter Baker and Glenn Kessler , “ U.S. Campaign Is Aimed at Iran ’s Leaders ” , Washington Post , March 13 , 2006 ; A01
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/03/12/AR2006031201016.html
[ 31 ]
Guy Dinmore , “ US and UK develop democracy strategy for Iran ” , Financial Times , April 21 , 2006
http://us.ft.com/ftgateway/superpage.ft?news_id=fto042120061741075322&page=1
[ 32 ] Laura Rozen , “ U.S. Moves to Weaken Iran ” , Los Angeles Times , May 19 , 2006
http://articles.latimes.com/2006/may/19/world/fg-usiran19
[ 33 ]
Grant information obtained from the National Endowment for Democracy website , accessed June 23 , 2009
http://www.ned.org/grants/02programs/grants-lac.html
[ 34 ] Laura Rozen , “ U.S. Moves to Weaken Iran ” , Los Angeles Times , May 19 , 2006
http://articles.latimes.com/2006/may/19/world/fg-usiran19
[ 35 ]
Negar Azimi , “ Hard Realities of Soft Power ” , New York Times Magazine , June 24 , 2007
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/06/24/magazine/24ngo-t.html?_r=3&oref=slogin&pagewanted=print
[ 36 ] Seymour M. Hersh , “ The Iran Plans ” , New Yorker , April 17 , 2006
http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2006/04/17/060417fa_fact
[ 37 ]
“ Tehran insider tells of US black ops ” , Asia Times Online , April 25 , 2006
http://www.atimes.com/atimes/Middle_East/HD25Ak02.html
[ 38 ] “ Seymour Hersh On Covert Operations in Iran ” , NPR , June 30 , 2006
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=92025860
[ 39 ] Scott Ritter , “ Acts of War ” , Truthdig , July 19 , 2008
http://www.truthdig.com/report/item/20080729_acts_of_war/
[ 40 ] Seymour M. Hersh , “ The Next Act ” , New Yorker , November 27 , 2006
http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2006/11/27/061127fa_fact
[ 41 ] “ Target Iran : Former UN Weapons Inspector Scott Ritter and Investigative Journalist Seymour Hersh on White House Plans for Regime Change ” , Democracy Now ! , December 21 , 2006
http://www.democracynow.org/2006/12/21/target_iran_former_un_weapons_inspector
[ 42 ] William Lowther and Colin Freeman , “ US funds terror groups to sow chaos in Iran ” , Telegraph , February 25 , 2007
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/1543798/US-funds-terror-groups-to-sow-chaos-in-Iran.html
[ 43 ] “ Report : U.S. Sponsoring Kurdish Guerilla Attacks Inside Iran ” , Democracy Now ! , March 27 , 2007
http://www.democracynow.org/2007/3/27/report_u_s_sponsoring_kurdish_guerilla
[ 44 ] “ ABC News Exclusive : The Secret War Against Iran ” , ABC News ‘ The Blotter ’ , April 3 , 2007
http://blogs.abcnews.com/theblotter/2007/04/abc_news_exclus.html
[ 45 ] “ Bush Authorizes New Covert Action Against Iran ” , ABC News ‘ The Blotter ’ , May 22 , 2007
http://blogs.abcnews.com/theblotter/2007/05/bush_authorizes.html
[ 46 ]
Tim Shipman , “ Bush sanctions ‘ black ops ’ against Iran ” , The Telegraph , May 27 , 2007
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/1552784/Bush-sanctions-black-ops-against-Iran.html
[ 47 ]
“ Former Pakistan Army Chief General Retired Mirza Aslam Baig says Iran and Pakistan under siege of western conspiracies ” , Pakistan Daily , July 8 , 2008
http://www.daily.pk/politics/politicalnews/5406-former-pakistan-army-chief-general-retired-mirza-aslam-baig-says-iran-and-pakistan-under-siege-of-western-conspiracies.html
“ ‘ US backs Jundullah to destabilize Iran ’ ” , Press TV , July 9 , 2008
http://www.presstv.ir/Detail.aspx?id=63054§ionid=351020101
[ 48 ] ‘ Gunmen attack ’ south Iran election office ” , BBC News , May 29 , 2009
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8074640.stm
[ 49 ]
“ Iran official blames U.S. in deadly mosque bombing ” , Reuters , May 29 , 2009
http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSTRE54R5O320090529?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews
[ 50 ] “ Gunmen attack Ahmadinejad election office ” , Agence France - Presse , May 29 , 2009
http://rawstory.com/news/afp/Gunmen_attack_Ahmadinejad_election__05292009.html
[ 51 ] “ ‘ Gunmen attack ’ south Iran election office ” , BBC News , May 29 , 2009
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8074640.stm
[ 52 ] “ US condemns ‘ terrorist attacks ’ in Iran ” , Agence France - Presse , May 30 , 2009
http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jj8UWc4-2zQ2Ix1VBz_0RwB7iVGQ
[ 53 ] “ ‘ Gunmen attack ’ south Iran election office ”
[ 54 ] “ Gunmen attack Ahmadinejad election office ”
[ 55 ] “ Rigi ’s brother exposes US ties with Jundullah ” , Press TV , June 9 , 2009
http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=97484§ionid=351020101
[ 56 ] “ Iran ‘ uncovers cyber plot to topple gov’t ’ ” , Press TV , April 11 , 2009
http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=91129§ionid=351020101
[ 57 ] Johns Lyons , “ Students slaughtered in Tehran university attack ” , The Australian , June 19 , 2009
http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,25658596-601,00.html
[ 58 ] Michael Weissenstein and Anna Johnson , “ Amateur video turns woman into icon of Iran unrest ” , Associated Press , June 23 , 2009
http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jeJnPi6AOx5JpqWi2Wwv3AaesBPAD9902QK00
[ 59 ]
Mike Musgrove , “ Twitter Is a Player In Iran ’s Drama ” , Washington Post , June 17 , 2009
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/06/16/AR2009061603391.html
[ 60 ] Noam Cohen , “ Twitter on the Barricades : Six Lessons Learned ” , New York Times , June 20 , 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/21/weekinreview/21cohenweb.html
[ 61 ] Andrew Sullivan , “ Follow - Up On Earlier Posts ” , The Atlantic ‘ The Daily Dish ’ , June 13 , 2009
http://andrewsullivan.theatlantic.com/the_daily_dish/2009/06/followup-on-earlier-posts.html
[ 62 ]
Peykeiran.com webpage , accessed June 23 , 2009
http://www.peykeiran.com/Content.aspx?ID=2104
[ 63 ] E-mail correspondence with Kourosh Ziabari
[ 64 ] Noam Cohen
[ 65 ] “ ABC ’s Jim Sciutto ’s Twitter Account ‘ Hijacked ’ By Pro Iranian Government Messengers ” , ABC News ‘ The World Newser ’ , June 18 , 2009
http://blogs.abcnews.com/theworldnewser/2009/06/abcs-jim-sciuttos-twitter-account-hijacked-by-pro-iranian-messengers.html
[ 66 ] Evgeny Morozov , “ The repercussions of a ‘ Twitter revolution ’ ” , Boston Globe , June 20 , 2009
http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/editorial_opinion/oped/articles/2009/06/20/the_repercussions_of_a_twitter_revolution/
[ 67 ] Evgeny Morozov , “ Iran Elections : A Twitter Revolution ? ” , Washington Post , June 17 , 2009
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/discussion/2009/06/17/DI2009061702232.html
[ 68 ]
Mike Musgrove
[ 69 ]
Ali Akbar Dareini , “ Iran accuses the US of meddling in election crisis ” , Associated Press , June 17 , 2009
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20090617/ap_on_re_mi_ea/ml_iran_election
6 firms stop sales of hard - plastic baby bottles HEALTH
BOTTLES09_19593.JPG
Glass baby bottles , long considered an anachronism , are making such a comeback that parents can't get their hands on them .
16 mo old Lucina , Lippman from Berkeley holds a new glass bottle with organic formula .
less BOTTLES09_19593.JPG
Glass baby bottles , long considered an anachronism , are making such a comeback that parents can't get their hands on them .
16 mo old Lucina , Lippman from Berkeley holds a new glass bottle ... more Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 6 firms stop sales of hard - plastic baby bottles 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Bending to growing public and legal pressure that began in San Francisco , six major companies have agreed to stop selling hard - plastic baby bottles containing bisphenol A , an industrial chemical suspected of harming human development .
The purveyors of baby - care products - Playtex Products Inc. , Gerber , Evenflo Co. , Avent America Inc. , Dr. Brown and Disney First Years - said they no longer will market the shatter - proof polycarbonate bottles and some other baby products in the United States .
Polycarbonate is made of bisphenol A , widely used in hundreds of commercial applications , including the inside lining of metal food and drink containers , epoxy resins and polyvinyl chloride plastics .
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , in announcing the companies ' decisions on Thursday , said he and the attorney generals from Delaware and New Jersey had written to the companies last year , urging them to stop using the chemical , which mimics the hormonal activity of estrogen and can alter the normal workings of genes .
Health officials cautious about possible ill effects believe that infants and children are at the greatest risk because of their quickly developing bodies and sensitive systems .
Shannon Jenest , a spokeswoman for Avent , which is owned by the Philips Group , said its polycarbonate products have met governmental guidelines , including those set by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , which has not banned bisphenol A .
Philips made the decision to stop shipping polycarbonate baby bottles to retailers in the United States , she said , because the company values its relationship with its customers and there is " current confusion about the use of bisphenol A in infant feeding products . "
The company will continue to sell polycarbonate baby bottles elsewhere in the world , she said .
Because of pressure from consumer rights groups and a move toward toxics - free products , some of the companies have been making bisphenol A - free alternatives , including old - fashioned glass baby bottles .
Nalgene , a leader in sales of portable drinking water bottles , discontinued its polycarbonate lines last year .
Blumenthal asked Thursday for legislation to further restrict the chemical in baby products .
Last year , Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California was among the authors of the Kid-Safe Chemicals Act , which banned plastic softeners , known as phthalates , from children 's products .
A bill to expand the law is expected to be introduced in Congress this year to restrict bisphenol A in children 's products .
In 2006 , San Francisco became the first city to ban bisphenol A in children 's products but backed off of the ordinance after chemical manufacturers , toymakers and a local retailer , Citikids Baby News , challenged it in court .
San Francisco supervisors said at the time that the law was difficult to enforce without similar state or federal laws .
That year ,
The Chronicle sent children 's products for tests that found bisphenol A in the covers of waterproof children 's books , a baby rattle , the face of a doll , a plastic pony and some baby bottles .
Last week , state Sen .
Fran Pavley , D - Los Angeles , introduced a bill limiting the chemical in baby - care products , including its use in the lining of infant formula cans .
" Eliminating bisphenol A from baby bottles is an important first step , " Pavley said Thursday .
" I hope makers of formula cans and other baby feeding containers follow suit and acknowledge the inherent dangers of ( the chemical ) to the developing bodies of young children , who now ingest it on a daily basis when it leaches into their food and drink . "
The industry has argued that bisphenol A levels in humans were too low to cause damage .
Industry studies found the chemical caused no damage to laboratory animals or humans , but more than 150 government and academic - sponsored studies have found a series of development problems even at low exposures .
Studies in lab animals indicate that even small amounts of bisphenol A can damage brain and reproductive systems , alter mammary and prostate glands and lead to heart disease , obesity and diabetes .
Small GPS trackers are designed to assist you with keeping track of the things and people that mean the most to you .
If your car is stolen or you 're worried about your loved ones , real time GPS trackers in your family vehicles can give you the answers you need almost instantly .
These devices can also be useful when it comes to ensuring the safety of elderly family members who want to enjoy their independence , monitoring the transportation of goods for your business , detecting the unauthorized use of company resources , and so much more .
Most small GPS trackers can send reports to your home PC , laptop , and mobile devices to ensure that you are kept up - to - date 24/7 with location details .
In a concerted effort to compete with more popular MMOs like World of Warcraft , we 've decided to add an Achievement system to Slashdot .
We 've retroactively granted around 900,000 achievements to our logged in users .
You can view them from your user page , or you can see my list if you 're curious what a REAL achiever looks like .
Many achievements have been sprinkled throughout the system and are awaiting discovery by dedicated Slashdot users , but a starter list of achievements is in the FAQ .
I 'll toss you one freebie : you can register your wow main for points if you 're that kind of person .
Now go forth and achieve !
No tag defined for this project
2009-04-02 20:02
Registered : Activity Ranking : 45 View project Statistics
View list of RSS feeds available for this project .
After revealing that the PC version of Battlefield 1943 would release over two months after the XBLArelease , DICE is attempting to cool the heads of angry PC fans on the EA forums .
Producer Gordon Van Dyke explains that Battlefield 1943 will be the first game to use DICE ’s Frostbite Engine , which was already used to create the console exclusive Battlefield : Bad Company .
Van Dyke states that the PC ’s open nature requires more features and support and adds that the game “ ca n’t just be thrown out there using copy / paste . ”
DICE was aware that there might be backlash from PC gamers , but Van Dyke notes , “ We feel once you play the first Frostbite PC game ever from DICE you ’ll see why we put this extra time and care in on the development making all right again in the universe . ”
His full statement :
“ PCs are an open platform requiring additional features , support , technical consideration , and ca n’t just be thrown out there using copy / paste .
We have thought very carefully about this decision and in the long run felt it was the right choice . ”
He added that they knew the decision would not be popular with fans but added , “ . . . we feel once you play the first Frostbite PC game ever from DICE you ’ll see why we put this extra time and care in on the development making all right again in the universe . ”
We ’ll find out in September .
[ via Joystiq ]
THE coal - fired power plant that was cancelled in Michigan on May 1st is the 97th to be rejected since 2001 , and the ninth this year .
The number of planned coal plants across America has plummeted from 150 to 60 in the past five years .
Last year 5,465 megawatts ( MW ) of new electricity were announced , but more than twice that capacity — 12,572 mw , according to Edison Electric Institute , which represents the electricity industry — was subtracted because of cancellations or delays .
The nine coal plants cancelled this year alone , Edison notes ruefully , would have provided about 6,650 mw of power , or enough to heat almost 5 m homes .
Environmentalists , though thrilled , know they still have a long way to go .
The Energy Information Administration reports that more than 600 coal - fired plants still produce about half of America 's power and will still produce 47 % of it in 2030 .
But the government has pledged to slash greenhouse - gas emissions by 80 % by 2050 .
“ If the [ planned ] coal plants do n't get derailed , President Obama wo n't be able to cut greenhouse gas emissions in the next four years , ” says Bruce Nilles , who heads the Sierra Club 's anti-coal campaign .
At least the Environmental Protection Administration ( EPA ) , in a complete reversal from its role under the Bush administration , is doing its best for the cause .
On April 27th it withdrew an air - quality permit it had issued for a 1,500 mw pulverised coal - fired power plant , called Desert Rock , which was to be built on Navajo Nation land in New Mexico .
In effect , this pulled the plug on the enterprise .
That ruling was the first public consequence of an EPA mandate , issued on April 17th , that the most harmful heat - trapping greenhouse gases were a threat to public health and welfare and a cause of global warming .
The mandate gives Barack Obama carte blanche to regulate the power industry .
Among the utility companies feeling the heat is NV Energy , which is postponing plans for a $ 5 billion , 1,500 mw coal plant in eastern Nevada .
Instead , it will harvest the state 's plentiful solar and other renewable resources .
Farther north , Southern Montana Electric Generation and Transmission Co-operative says “ regulatory uncertainties ” have forced it to defer plans for its 250 mw Highwood coal plant near Great Falls .
It proposes to build a smaller , cleaner - burning , natural - gas power station , as well as a previously announced 9 mw wind farm .
And several power companies are planning to convert older coal - burning plants to run on biomass , such as woody forest waste .
Renewable resources can't yet begin to replace coal as providers of power .
But a deal struck in Kansas on May 4th , ending 19 months of impasse between Sunflower Electric Power corporation and the state government , shows under what conditions coal may be able to survive .
Two coal - fired plants had been planned by Sunflower .
It will now build just one , which will use new clean technology , offset carbon dioxide emissions and develop wind energy on the side .
In return , the Kansas Department of Health and Environment cannot impose any greenhouse - gas regulations that are tougher than those emerging from Washington .
Suddenly , that seems a pretty high bar .
The leader of the Church of Scientology struck subordinates numerous times and set an example for physical violence among the tightly controlled religion ’s management team , four former high - ranking executives told a newspaper for a story published Sunday .
The executives , who have since left the organization , told the St. Petersburg Times that they witnessed David Miscavige , chairman of the board that oversees the church , hit staff members dozens of times .
“ It was random and whimsical .
It could be the look on your face .
Or not answering a question quickly .
But it always was a punishment , ” said Mike Rinder , who oversaw the church ’s legal and media relations operations .
Rinder said that he was struck many times by Miscavige and that he also hit others before leaving in 2007 .
In a response to the paper , the church denied the allegations , saying that the four former executives ’ statements were “ absolute and total lies . ”
It called the claims an effort to tarnish Miscavige , who has led the church for more than two decades .
A spokesman said Sunday that the church had provided documentation that the claims were false .
Advertisement
Marty Rathbun , who served on the church ’s board and was a top lieutenant of Miscavige ’s , said Miscavige often ordered him to attack others .
Tom De Vocht , who oversaw the church ’s spiritual headquarters in Clearwater , estimated that during one three - year period , he saw Miscavige strike staffers as many as 100 times .
De Vocht left in 2005 .
De Vocht also participated , explaining to the newspaper how he rationalized his actions : “ If I do n’t attack I ’m going to be attacked .
It ’s a survival instinct in a weird situation that no one should be in . ”
Amy Scobee , a manager in California who helped build the church ’s network of Celebrity Centres , said she witnessed numerous attacks before leaving in 2005 but was never hit herself and never saw any women attacked .
Advertisement
Monique Yingling , a church spokeswoman , said the four left because they had been demoted .
Church spokesman Tommy Davis told the newspaper that an internal investigation revealed that Rathbun -- not Miscavige -- was responsible for dozens of attacks before he left in 2004 .
Sunday ’s report was the first of a three - part series on the church .
The Los Angeles - based Church of Scientology , founded in 1954 by the late science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard , teaches that technology can expand the mind and help solve problems .
It claims 10 million members worldwide , including celebrities Tom Cruise and John Travolta .
Advertisement
Devotees converge on Clearwater for the highest levels of the church ’s training .
When it 's actually running , HAWX seems like a decent Ace Combat - style plane game .
I popped in a retail copy of I popped in a retail copy of Tom Clancy 's HAWX yesterday to get working on a review and discovered that there seems to be some kind of " issue " with the 360 version of the game .
Once I get past the game 's intro movie and hit the title screen , upon hitting start , the 360 makes a noise like it 's attempting to open up the " pick your save location " window , but the window never comes and the game just sort of dies at the title screen .
I 've booted up the game a total of four times so far .
The first two attempts were crashes , but the third time was the charm , letting me get in and actually play ( where there were no further problems ) .
Now , coming back for more today , my fourth boot crashed .
This fourth attempt came after installing the game to the 360's hard drive , the other three were off the disc .
After griping about it a bit on Twitter , I only found one other person with the same problem , so it does n't seem to be happening to every single HAWX owner out there .
But I 'm curious to hear about how widespread it actually is .
So , if you 've picked up HAWX , how is it running ?
Is it running at all ?
SEVEN HILLS — Seven Hills - John Demjanjuk was taken from his home today to face his wartime past , but a federal appeals court has halted deportation proceedings .
He was released from federal custody Tuesday evening
U.S. immigration agents arrived at Demjanjuk 's yellow - brick ranch on Meadowlane Road at 1 p.m. Tuesday to deport him to Germany .
About 90 minutes later , agents carried him out his front door .
With his head tilted back , eyes closed and mouth open , Demjanjuk was placed in a white medical van .
It rolled out of his driveway , leaving his 83 - year - old wife , Vera , and family members in tears .
His daughters and former son - in - law Ed Nishnic were at the home .
His son , John Jr. , had sped to Cincinnati to file a last - minute appeal to keep him here .
John Demjanjuk taken from Seven Hills home
About six hours later , the 89 - year - old Demjanjuk was scheduled to board a Gulf Stream jet , headed for Munich .
He was to touch down there Wednesday morning .
" If we want to prevent future genocides , then we must prosecute those who commit the crime until their last dying day , '' said Jonathan Drimmer , a former federal prosecutor who handled Demjanjuk 's case for years .
His family , however , said Demjanjuk is too weak and frail to even care for himself , let alone defend himself .
They said he suffers chronic kidney disease and blood disorders and fear he will never go to trial , instead live his last days in a German hospital .
He is accused of being an accessory to the murders of more than 29,000 Jews as a guard at the Sobibor death camp in Nazi- occupied Poland in 1943 .
He was 23 at the time .
His family made a last - minute appeal to the Sixth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in Cincinnati , as Demjanjuk 's son , John Jr. , sped to the courthouse to file documents .
Federal prosecutors said the appellate court lacked the jurisdiction to handle the case .
Demjanjuk 's family said he suffers from chronic kidney disease , blood disorders and severe pain in his back and legs .
They said the removal , as well as a possible trial in Germany , would amount to torture .
" Given his current medical condition , he will not endure the stress of what the Germans have planned , " Demjanjuk 's son , John Jr. , said earlier this month .
Using evidence first introduced by federal prosecutors in Cleveland in 2001 , German authorities claim Demjanjuk walked Jews from rail cars to the gas chambers at the Sobibor death camp in 1943 .
A German judge issued an arrest warrant last month that accused him with being an accessory to the deaths of more than 29,000 people at the camp in Nazi- occupied Poland .
Demjanjuk was 23 at the time .
Demjanjuk 's case began in Cleveland in 1977 , when he was first accused of being " Ivan the Terrible , '' a sadistic guard at the Treblinka death camp .
He was extradicted to Israel , convicted and sentenced to death before the Israeli Supreme Court overturned his conviction .
He came home , but a federal judge later ruled that Demjanjuk worked at three other Nazi camps .
He was ordered deported in 2005 , though no country would accept him until Germany did earlier this year .
Demjanjuk 's son said there is no evidence that his father ever hurt one person , let alone help kill 29,000 .
The family says he served in the Soviet army when the Germans invaded the Soviet Union in 1942 .
The Germans captured him and sent him to various prisoner - of - war camps before he lived in displaced - persons camps .
U.S. judges have found that Demjanjuk was captured and sent to the Trawniki training camp for guards in 1942 .
He then went to work at various camps , including Sobibor .
He immigrated to the United States in 1952 .
It seems that no one looks at the money when it comes to a car .
Thus , at an auction in Italy has been a record amount for a car collector .
A Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa from 1957 was awarded at the sum of 8.2 million that is $ 11,275,000 !
The sum of all the records down the price for a Ferrari collector .
Future owner remained anonymous , with a bid by telephone .
However , the amount obtained under the house expectations of RM Auctions , which hopes to sell the car for at least 12 million .
250 Testa Rossa models , produced in the Ferrari factory in Maranello , northern Italy , appeared in limited edition : only 22 were manufactured .
Ferrari 250 from 1957
Ferrari 250 from 1957
Ferrari 250 from 1957
The most expensive car in the world record is a lot of first places obtained in the years ’60 on various circuits of automobile on the American continent .
The previous record for a Ferrari collector was set last year when the British star Chris Evans has paid 7 million for a Ferrari 250 GT California Spyder from 1961 .
RUNAWAY : Rubiks waiting to be collected by his owner .
A Wellingtonian 's missing pet cat turned himself in to police .
Latest story : Owner struggles to solve Rubiks ' cruise
Rubiks the cat was missing for two weeks after running away from his home in the Wellington suburb of Mt Cook .
But yesterday the black cat simply walked into the Lower Hutt police station , bringing his escapade to an end .
Realising the cat was probably lost , police called the Wellington SPCA and the owners were traced through a microchip he was wearing .
A relieved owner collected Rubiks , but had no idea how he found his way to Lower Hutt .
It was the second time Rubiks had run away from home .
The first time he went missing for six weeks and was eventually found in Kilbirnie .
Serving the Medical - Industrial Complex
The usual knock on government programs is that they ’re not as efficient as the private sector , which we ’re told can provide the same product for less money and with higher quality .
Thus , it should be no big deal when the public and private collide because the private sector should prevail .
Email
Printer friendly
However , in providing health insurance , those rules clearly do n’t apply , which is why congressional Republicans and so - called “ centrist ” Democrats are going to such lengths to deny the American people access to a public option on health insurance .
Indeed , if a public option were to be piggybacked onto the existing Medicare bureaucracy , the chances for savings could be impressive for average Americans and the overall American economy .
Insurance middlemen could be eliminated ; investigators who ferret out “ preexisting conditions ” would n’t be needed ; doctors could save on administrative costs ; the burden on U.S. industry providing health benefits could be reduced ; and more money could be freed to cover the nearly 50 million uninsured or for actual doctoring .
For a nation facing multiple fiscal crises – all complicated by the costs of health care – one might think that the most sure thing in the health care debate would be to allow a cost - saving public option , which as President Barack Obama says would help keep private health insurers “ honest ” regarding their promises to trim waste and control premiums .
According to a New York Times / CBS poll , that point is obvious to 72 percent of the American people who favor “ offering everyone a government administered health insurance plan like Medicare that would compete with private health insurance plans . ”
It ’s also reflected in a study cited by Sen.
Chuck Grassley , R - Iowa , and other insurance industry defenders saying that 119 million Americans would bolt from their private insurers to the public option if they were given the chance .
To put that figure in perspective , it is about two - thirds of Americans who have private insurance through their employers or as individuals .
In other words , the industry 's defenders say two of every three customers want out .
Though some analysts doubt the defection rate would reach 119 million , Grassley ’s argument is that Americans would so prefer a government - run plan that it would destroy the private insurance industry – and that therefore the public option simply ca n’t be permitted .
Grassley ’s fear of 119 million Americans voting with their pocketbooks against private health insurance represents a remarkable admission of failure by the industry and its backers .
It says , in effect , that the industry ’s treatment of its customers has been so highhanded over the decades that the industry can only survive if Americans are left with the unappetizing choice of private coverage or no coverage .
Representing Whom ?
So , not only are the Republicans – and some Democrats – standing against the desires for 72 percent of the population but , in effect , they also are trying to lock in 119 million unhappy customers for a profit - making industry .
To add another windfall for the insurance industry , Congress may compel the near 50 million uninsured to buy insurance under penalty of fines .
Even in the sorry history of special - interest - dominated Washington , it is rare for politicians to so blatantly adopt defense of a private industry over the will of the people .
One might think that Democrats would take this club and beat the Republicans over the head with it .
The Democrats could argue that the public option is not only popular but could save money for struggling U.S. businesses by bringing down their health insurance costs and freeing up more money for investment and for the hiring of new workers .
One of the key factors that drove General Motors into bankruptcy was how its health insurance benefits for employees inflated the company ’s costs - per - worker total and thus hurt its competitiveness against rivals who operate in countries where the government pays for health care .
The public option issue also would seem ready - made for Democrats given that the New York Times / CBS poll found that a solid majority of Americans ( 57 percent ) were willing to pay higher taxes so that all Americans could have “ health insurance that they ca n’t lose no matter what . ”
[ NYT , June 21 , 2009 ]
Nevertheless , key “ centrist ” Democrats , such as Sens .
Max Baucus of Montana and Kent Conrad of North Dakota , are ready to scuttle the public option to secure a few GOP votes so they can claim their plan is “ bipartisan . ”
Conrad has called for substituting a privately run , non-profit “ cooperative ” for the public option .
While Conrad ’s “ cooperative , ” which would be ostensibly owned by its members , has some superficial appeal , it would require the creation of an entirely new bureaucracy – rather than relying on the government ’s existing infrastructure for Medicare – and would likely be run by high - paid executives recruited from the existing private insurance industry .
Critics of Conrad ’s plan also note that the cooperative would have far less leverage in negotiating lower prices from pharmaceutical companies and other parts of the medical industry , so the savings would be marginal – which is exactly why the idea appeals to industry groups .
Patrons and the People
It goes without saying that the medical - industry complex has made generous contributions to all the key lawmakers , especially those like Grassley and Baucus who are at the top of the influential Senate Banking Committee .
But the obsession of some Senate Democrats , like Conrad , to find “ common ground ” with Republicans seems to go beyond simply rewarding benefactors .
Though it ’s clear that many , if not most , Republicans have a single - minded goal – to sabotage the Obama administration – Democrats nevertheless continue in their quest for the elusive “ bipartisanship . ”
This quest goes on despite the fact that Republicans were trounced in the last two elections , are down to 40 senators , and are facing historically low approval ratings .
Still , “ centrist ” Democrats insist on bending over backwards to accommodate the GOP desires , even when those desires fly in the face of popular opinion and do not represent the most sensible policies .
These Democrats – sometimes including President Obama – appear deeply influenced by Inside - the - Beltway chatter coming from pundits who still reflect the Ronald - Reagan - to - George - W. - Bush conventional wisdom that “ government is the problem , ” that tax cuts are the answer to every question , and that “ self - regulating markets ” have made bureaucrats largely irrelevant .
Despite the nation ’s cascading crises – which can be traced to too little government , excessive tax cuts and a lack of sound regulation – the chattering class has not been shaken from its biases .
So , the minority Republicans are given far more time and space than they reasonably deserve ( and much more than minority Democrats got during George W. Bush ’s presidency ) .
Amid Republican charges of “ socialism , ” the reaction of Democrats , like Baucus and Conrad , is to position themselves in what they must consider the safe center , earning praise from the pundits for their courageous willingness to stand up to the Democratic “ base ” – and to the overwhelming majority of Americans – in order to stop the public option .
But Baucus and Conrad will likely find that the safe center is n’t so safe .
When half - measures and half - baked compromises leave the American people disappointed or angry , the fault will be laid on the government ’s failure to do the job right .
And that failure will be cited by Republicans and the pundits as further proof of the superiority of the private sector .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Sandia - developed interfacial force microscope tip unexpectedly creates a tendril from a block of salt as the tip retreats from the salt surface .
The picture was taken by a transmission electron microscope at the Sandia / Los Alamos Center for Integrated Nanotechnologies .
Credit : Jianyu Huang
To stretch a supply of salt generally means using it sparingly .
But researchers from Sandia National Laboratories and the University of Pittsburgh were startled when they found they had made the solid actually physically stretch .
" It 's not supposed to do that , " said Sandia principal investigator Jack Houston .
" Unlike , say , gold , which is ductile and deforms under pressure , salt is brittle .
Hit it with a hammer , it shatters like glass . "
That a block of salt can stretch rather than remain inert might affect world desalination efforts , which involve choosing particular sizes of nanometer - diameter pores to strain salts from brackish water .
Understanding unexpected salt deformations also may lead to better understanding of sea salt aerosols , implicated in problems as broad as cloud nucleation , smog formation , ozone destruction and asthma triggers , the researchers write in their paper published in the May Nanoletters .
Sandia researchers Jack Houston ( left ) and Nathan Moore examine a tiny salt block while the screen behinds them shows the magnified tip of the Sandia - developed interfacial force microscope ( device in the foreground ) performing another materials interrogation .
The device was developed by Houston .
Credit : Sandia National Laboratories
The serendipitous discovery came about as researchers were examining the mechanical properties of salt in the absence of water .
They found unexpectedly that the brittle substance appeared malleable enough to distort over surprisingly long distances by clinging to a special microscope 's nanometer - sized tip as it left the surface of the salt .
More intense examination showed that surface salt molecules formed a kind of bubble — a ductile meniscus — with the exploratory tip as it withdrew from penetrating the cube .
In this , it resembled the behavior of the surface of water when an object is withdrawn from it .
But unlike water , the salt meniscus did n't break from its own weight as the tip was withdrawn .
Instead it followed the tip along , slip - sliding away ( so to speak ) as it thinned and elongated from 580 nanometers ( nm ) to 2,191 nm in shapes that resembled nanowires .
A possible explanation for salt molecules peeling off the salt block , said Houston , is that " surface molecules do n't have buddies . "
That is , because there 's no atomic lattice above them , they 're more mobile than the internal body of salt molecules forming the salt block .
Salt showing signs of surface mobility at room temperatures was " totally surprising , " said Houston , who had initially intended to study more conventionally interesting characteristics of the one - fourth - inch square , one - eighth - inch - long salt block .
Source : Sandia National Laboratories ( news : web )
Explore further Salt production started in ancient China
PESHAWAR , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - Pakistani soldiers are closing in on the main town in the Taliban bastion of Swat , the army said on Saturday , in an offensive that has driven more than a million people from their homes .
The army launched the offensive more than a week ago to stop the spread of Taliban influence after the collapse of a peace pact the United States had criticized as tantamount to “ abdicating ” to the militants .
Militant violence in nuclear - armed Pakistan has surged over the past two years , raising fears for its stability and alarming the United States , which needs Pakistani action to help defeat al Qaeda and bring stability to neighboring Afghanistan .
Earlier , a car packed with mortar bombs blew up in the city of Peshawar , killing 11 people .
A suspected U.S. drone aircraft fired missiles at militants in another region near the Afghan border , killing 28 of them , government officials said .
The offensive in the one - time tourist valley of Swat , northwest of Islamabad , has forced at least 1.17 million people from their homes , the U.N. refugee agency said , adding the world needed to respond “ massively . ”
A military spokesman said clashes had erupted in different parts of Swat and 47 militants had been killed in the past 24 hours .
That would take the toll in the offensive to about 970 militants and 48 soldiers , according to the military .
Reporters have left Swat and there was no independent confirmation of the casualties .
About 15,000 members of the security forces face about 5,000 militants , the military says .
“ The security forces are closing in from different directions and have been able to inflict many more casualties , ” military spokesman Major - General Athar Abbas told a briefing .
“ Security forces are getting close to Mingora city .
The aim is to isolate and block the movement of fleeing terrorists . ”
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The Taliban hold Mingora , Swat ’s main town , and many civilians are believed to be still there .
FLOOD OF PEOPLE
Most political parties and members of the public support the offensive , despite skepticism about an alliance with the United States in its campaign against militancy .
But opposition will grow if many civilians are killed or if the displaced are seen to be enduring undue hardship .
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said the flood of people from Swat this month was one of the most dramatic displacement crises in the world in recent times .
The United Nations has registered 1.17 people though many are believed not to have bothered to register .
They are joining about 565,000 displaced by earlier fighting in the northwest .
A failure to respond could generate instability so it was in the world ’s interest to help , Guterres told a news conference .
“ This is the moment in which massive support is required ...
This is not the moment for symbolic gestures , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Among the dead in the Peshawar blast were four children passing in a school bus , police said .
Peshawar is the main city in northwestern Pakistan , to the southwest of Swat .
There was no claim of responsibility but officials have warned of the danger of bombs in response to the Swat offensive .
DRONE STRIKE
Earlier , the suspected U.S. drone aircraft fired missiles at militants in the North Waziristan ethnic Pashtun tribal region , on the Afghan border to the southwest of Peshawar .
Pakistani intelligence agents said the militants were preparing to cross into Afghanistan to fight there and among the 28 dead were two Arabs .
Their identities were not known .
The United States , alarmed by deteriorating security in Afghanistan , stepped up drone air attacks on Taliban and al Qaeda militants in Pakistan last year , despite Pakistani objections .
Pakistan says the drones violate its sovereignty and undermine efforts to deal with militancy because they inflame public anger and bolster militant support .
U.S. officials say the missile strikes are carried out under an agreement with Islamabad that allows Pakistan ’s political leaders to decry the attacks in public .
Pakistan denies that .
The spread of Taliban influence and worsening security have raised the doomsday scenario of militants allied to al Qaeda gaining control of Pakistan ’s nuclear weapons .
But Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani dismissed such fears , saying “ detractors ” were spreading disinformation about the security of the weapons to undermine the country .
The weapons were the cornerstone of Pakistan ’s policy of deterrence and it would retain them under “ fail - safe security ” at all costs , he said .
“ No amount of coercion , direct or indirect , will ever force Pakistan to compromise on its core security interest , ” he said .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Hamas said Monday the West ’s boycott of the Islamist group would undercut international reconstruction efforts in the Gaza Strip , a cautionary message coinciding with an international donors ’ conference in Egypt .
Western powers say they will not deal with Hamas , which is considered a terrorist organisation by the United States and the European Union , unless the group renounced violence and recognized Israel .
“ To bypass the legitimate Palestinian authorities in the Gaza Strip is a move in the wrong direction and it deliberately undermines the reconstruction , ” Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said in the Hamas - controlled Gaza Strip .
International donors were set to pledge at least $ 3 billion ( 2 billion pounds ) in aid to the Palestinian Authority of Hamas rival President Mahmoud Abbas .
Much of the funds will be used to rebuild the Gaza Strip after a devastating Israeli offensive in January , and the United States , a major donor , is adamant none of the money will go to Hamas .
The cash pledges could bolster Abbas , whose secular Fatah faction was driven out of the Gaza Strip by Hamas in fighting in 2007 .
Before the start of the donors ’ conference , Abbas ’s West Bank - based government made a public call this week to thousands of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip whose houses were damaged or destroyed in the 22 - day Israeli campaign .
Kamal Hassouni , a minister in the Palestinian Authority , told Reuters that a committee would assess the amount of damage to each house and then banks would reimburse the owners directly .
The whole process will take about five weeks , he said .
Hassouni said $ 348 million of the foreign aid would be used for housing , $ 119 million for transport services , $ 266 million for farming and $ 146 million for industry .
About $ 1.45 billion will support the Palestinian Authority 2009 budget and the rest will fund other government expenses .
Hamas , Fatah and other Palestinian factions have been holding Egyptian - brokered reconciliation talks .
Abbas has said that any unity government would have to accept a two - state solution with Israel , a demand rejected by Hamas .
Speaking at the donors ’ conference , Abbas called for holding a presidential and parliament election in the Gaza Strip and West Bank in January 2010 .
Hamas says that according to Palestinian law , Abbas ’s term as president ended two months ago .
( Reporting by Nidal al - Mughrabi in Gaza and Mohammed Assadi in Ramallah )
Wow !
This story has been around since donations started for Eric De La Cruz , a Nine Inch Nails fan who has been denied a heart transplant because of the lack of transplant centers in Nevada , but I do n't think that anyone expected the campaign to be so successful .
At this moment , over $ 850,000 has been raised , and I do n't doubt that the total amount of money raised will reach one million very soon .
The campaign has been endorsed by Nine Inch Nails and Jane 's Addiction , who 've set up a site for donations to help De La Cruz , and raise awareness about the lack of transplant centers in certain parts of the US .
Fans that donate money for this cause get various perks in return : a $ 300 donation will get you access to the soundcheck , plus a meeting with a band , $ 1000 dollars will get you a backstage pass and a dinner with the band , plus a special on - stage spot on the show , and $ 1200 donation will get you two tickets and a VIP pass .
Unfortunately , the reponse has been so overwhelming that the band stopped giving aways VIP packages for the North American NIN / JA shows ; however , bigger donations will get other perks , such as a signed Tony Hawk skateboard plus a Trent Reznor signed Nine Inch Nails rarest CD release , STILL .
This is in line with Nine Inch Nails ' business model of adding as much value as possible to their music , only this time the proceeds are directed towards a charity goal .
Once again , NiN prove that fans are very willing to give money ( even significant amounts of money ) for CDs or digital downloads , if they come with added value that seems fair to them .
The music industry , on the other hand , has been doing exactly the opposite for years : instead of trying to give more to the fans , they 've tried to exploit every aspect of the music - studio recordings , live recordings , posters , lyrics , tabs , concert tickets , VIP passes - separately , and earn as much as possible from each .
When the Internet made it easy to share digital copies of music , they even tried to decrease value by introducing DRM to digital copies , which is now a scorned and widely abandoned tactic .
No wonder they 're now complaining about how Internet is bad for the industry .
Very important part of this story was Trent Reznor 's Twitter account , which he used vigorously to draw attention to this cause .
Together with his 571,839 motivated followers , many of whom also tweeted and retweeted about this campaign , they 've shown how powerful a tool Twitter can be .
Doing more with the Django admin
Three ways to customize this powerful application to suit your needs
The Django admin
Django offers many features to prospective developers : a mature standard library , an active user community , and all the benefits of the Python language .
While other Web frameworks can make similar claims , Django 's unique asset is its built - in administration application — the admin .
The admin provides advanced Create - Read - Update - Delete ( CRUD ) functionality out of the box , eliminating hours of repetitive work .
This is key for many Web applications in development , when programmers can quickly explore their database models , and in deployment , when nontechnical end users can use the admin to add and edit site content .
In the real world , there 's always some customization to be performed .
The Django documentation provides lots of guidelines for reskinning the basic look and feel of the admin , and Django itself includes some simple methods to override a subset of admin behavior .
What if you need to do more ?
Where do you start ?
This article provides some guidelines for advanced admin customization .
A quick tour of the admin
Most Django developers are familiar with the default features of the admin .
To quickly review , start with enabling the admin in Listing 1 , by editing the top - level urls.py .
Listing 1 . Enabling the admin in urls .py
from django.conf.urls .defaults import * #
Uncomment the next two lines to enable the admin : from django.contrib import admin admin.autodiscover ( ) urlpatterns = patterns ( '' , # Uncomment the next line to enable the admin : ( r'^admin / ( .* ) ' , admin.site.root ) , )
Software versions used in this article Django V1.0.2
SQLite V3
Python V2.4-2.6
( Django does not yet support Python V3 )
IPython ( for the sample output ) The Django Object - Relational Mapper ( ORM ) supports many database back ends , but SQLite is the easiest to install and comes with many operating systems .
These examples should work with any back end .
For a list of databases supported by Django , see Related topics .
Django provides a handy shortcut to setting up a working environment in standalone code : running python manage .
py shell .
All code samples in this article presuppose that the environment has been invoked in this way .
In Django lingo , the following is assumed : This is a Django project called more_with_admin .
The more_with_admin project contains an application called examples .
The examples application models a basic blog - like system of documents and zero or more comments on those documents .
All command - line examples are from the project root — the main more_with_admin directory .
You also need to add the django.contrib.admin application to settings .
INSTALLED_APPS .
Before going further , anyone planning to extensively customize the admin is advised to become familiar with the source code .
For operating systems that support shortcuts or symlinks , it can be useful to make one to the admin application .
The admin lives inside the Django package .
Assuming it was installed with setuptools , the admin is in site - packages under django / contrib / admin .
Here is an example of a symbolic link from a project to the Django admin source you can customize based on your operating system and the location of your Django installation for easy copying and reference :
$ ln -s / path / to/ Python/install/site-packages/django/contrib/admin admin-source
The admin.autodiscover ( ) method iterates through each application in settings .
INSTALLED_APPS and looks for a file called admin.py .
This is usually placed in the top level of the application directory , at the same level as models .py .
The examples application needs a models .py , provided in Listing 2 .
A corresponding admin.py is shown below .
Listing 2 . A sample models .py for this application
from django.db import models class Document ( models .
Model ) : '' ' A Document is a blog post or wiki entry with some text content ' '' name = models .
CharField(max_length=255 ) text = models .
TextField ( ) def __unicode__( self ) : return self .
name class Comment ( models .
Model ) : '' ' A Comment is some text about a given Document ' '' document = models .
ForeignKey ( Document , related_name= 'comments ') text = models .
TextField ()
At this point , you can invoke the admin by running the Django development server :
python manage .py runserver
The admin is available at the default location of http://localhost:8000/admin/.
After logging in , you see the basic admin screen shown below .
Figure 1 .
The basic Django admin screen
Changing code in admin.py
Unlike other files in a Django application , if you make changes to admin.py using the Django development Web server , you may need to manually restart the server .
Note that your models are not available yet because you have n't created an admin.py .
Listing 3 demonstrates code that allows you to work with the models in the admin .
Listing 3 . A sample admin.py
from django.contrib import admin from more_with_admin.examples import models class DocumentAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin ) : pass class CommentAdmin( admin.ModelAdmin ) : pass admin.site.register(models.Document , DocumentAdmin ) admin.site.register(models.Comment , CommentAdmin )
Now when you reload the main page in the admin , you see the new models available for use , as shown below .
Figure 2 . The Django admin ready to support custom models
Customizing the admin model pages
Directory names in the admin folders
Note that I use the lowercase names of the models .
This is in accordance with how the normal admin pages work when generating URLs .
Django calls these URL - friendly forms slugs .
If you are unsure what the correct slug is for a given model , explore the admin first before creating your directories and take note of the names that appear in the URL .
The key to understanding how to customize the admin without hacking the Django source is to remember that the admin is an ordinary Django application like any other .
Foremost , this means that the Django template inheritance system applies .
Django 's template search order always prioritizes your own project 's templates over any system ones .
In addition , the admin attempts to search for hard - coded templates that match each model before resorting to the defaults .
This provides an entry point for easy customization .
First , make sure Django is going to look in your template directories by editing the project 's settings.py .
Listing 4 . Editing settings.py to look in your template directories
TEMPLATE_DIRS = ( " / path/to/project/more_with_admin/templates " , " / path/to/project/more_with_admin/examples/templates " , )
Then create the following directories in your project :
$ mkdir templates / admin/examples / document / $ mkdir templates / admin/examples / comment/
The special behavior of the Django admin will check for a directory with your application 's name ( here , examples ) , then the name of the model ( document and comment ) before using the system templates to render that administration page .
Overriding a single model add / edit page
The name of the page that the admin uses for adding and editing a model instance is change_form.
html .
Start by creating a page called templates / admin/examples / document/change_form.html in the Document model directory and put a Django template inheritance line in it : { % extends " admin/change_form.html " %} .
Now you 're ready to customize .
Take some time to become familiar with the contents of the real admin/change_form.html .
It 's reasonably well organized into template blocks you can override , but some customizations may require wholesale copying of blocks .
Nevertheless , using block - based template overrides is always preferable to copying the entire page .
What kinds of customizations might you want to do to the add / edit page ?
Maybe for each Document in the system you 'd like to show a preview of the five most recent comments .
First , create some sample content .
Listing 5 . Using the Django shell to create a sample Document with several comments
$ python manage . py shell In [ 1 ] : from examples import models In [ 2 ] : d = models .
Document.objects.create( name=' Test document ' , text =' This is a test document . ')
In [ 3 ] : for c in range ( 0 , 10 ) : ... : models.Comment.objects.create( text=' Comment number %s ' % c , document=d )
Now the admin list page shows one Document .
Select that Document to bring up the default add / edit page shown below .
Figure 3 . Default add / edit page featuring a Document
Note that the related comments are n't shown in any way .
The standard way to show related models in the admin is to use the powerful Inline classes .
Inline classes allow admin users to edit or add multiple related models on a single page .
To see inlines in action , edit the application admin.py to match Listing 6 .
Listing 6 .
Adding the related model comment to the Document admin
from django.contrib import admin from more_with_admin.examples import models class CommentInline( admin.TabularInline ) : model = models .
Comment class DocumentAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin ) : inlines = [ CommentInline , ] class CommentAdmin( admin.ModelAdmin ) : pass admin.site.register(models.Document , DocumentAdmin ) admin.site.register(models.Comment , CommentAdmin )
Figure 4 shows the new add / edit page after adding the TabularInline control .
Figure 4 . Document add / edit page after the comment model is added as an Inline
This is certainly powerful , but it may be overkill if you just want to see a quick preview of the comments .
You can take two approaches here .
One is to edit the HTML widgets associated with the inline using the Django admin widget interface ; the Django documentation describes widgets in detail .
The other approach is to modify the add / edit template directly .
This approach is most useful when you do n't want to use any admin-specific features at all .
If you do n't want to allow any editing of the comments ( perhaps because the users do n't have sufficient permissions ) , but you do want them to be able to see the comments , you can modify change_form.
html .
Variables provided by the Django admin
To add functionality to a model instance page , you need to know what data is already available from the admin .
The two key variables are described below .
Table 1 . Variables needed for customizing an admin template
Variable Description object_id
This is the primary key for the object being edited .
If you are customizing a specific instance page ( such as Document ) , this is all you should need .
content_type_id
If you are overriding multiple types of model pages , use this to query the ContentTypes framework to get the name of the model .
See Related topics for more information about content types .
Creating a template tag for inclusion in the admin page
Listing the related comments requires code that can't be entered directly into a Django template .
The best solution for this is to use a template tag .
First , create the template tag directory and __init__.py file :
$ mkdir examples / templatetags / $ touch examples / templatetags/__init__.py
Create a new file called examples / templatetags / example_tags.py and add the code shown below .
Listing 7 . Template tag for retrieving the comments for a given Document ID
from django import template from examples import models register = template .
Library ( ) @register.inclusion_tag('comments.html ' ) def display_comments ( document_id ) : document = models .Document.objects.get(id__exact=document_id ) comments = models.Comment.objects.filter(document=document ) [ 0:5 ] return { ' comments ' : comments }
Because this is an inclusion tag , you need to create the corresponding template file : comments .html .
Edit the examples / templates / comments .html file and enter the code from Listing 8 .
Listing 8 . Template for displaying a set of comment previews
{ % for comment in comments %} < blockquote >{ { comment.
text }}</blockquote > { % endfor %}
Now it 's time to add this into the admin page .
Comment out the references to CommentInline in admin.py and make the changes shown in Listing 9 to your local version of change_form.
html .
Listing 9 .
Including the template tag in the add / edit page
{ % extends " admin/change_form.html " %} { % load example_tags %} { % block after_field_sets %} { % if object_id %}{ % display_comments object_id %}{ % endif %} { % endblock %}
It 's important to check for the existence of object_id before attempting to use it because change_form .
html is also used for creating new instances , in which case object_id is not yet available .
The after_field_sets block is just one of many that are provided as extension points in the admin .
Consult the change_form . html source page for others .
Figure 5 shows the updated form .
Figure 5 . Document add / edit page after the custom template tag is included
Modifying admin behavior
Template overrides can only do so much .
What if you want to change the actual flow and behavior of the admin ?
Hacking the source is one possibility , but that locks you in to the specific version of Django that you 're using at the time of the update .
Overriding AdminModel methods
By default , clicking Save in the admin returns the user to the list page .
Usually , that 's fine , but what if you want to go directly to a preview page for an object that is outside of the admin ?
This is a common use case when developing a content management system ( CMS ) .
Providing the method Listing 10 assumes that the Document has been modified to include a get_absolute_url ( ) method , which is the recommended way for a Django model to specify its canonical representation .
If this is specified , the Django admin also supplies a useful View on site button on each page for that model .
Most of the functionality in the admin application is attached to the admin .
ModelAdmin class .
This is the class that objects inherit from in admin.py .
There are many , many public methods you can override .
Check the source in admin-source / options.py for the class definition .
There are two ways to change the behavior of the Save button :
You can override admin .
ModelAdmin.response_add , which is responsible for the actual redirection after a save , or you can override admin.ModelAdmin.change_view .
The latter is somewhat simpler .
Listing 10 .
Overriding the page users are directed to after a save event
class DocumentAdmin( admin.ModelAdmin ) : def change_view ( self , request , object_id , extra_context=None ) : result = super ( DocumentAdmin , self ) .change_view ( request , object_id , extra_context ) document = models .Document.objects.get(id__exact=object_id ) if not request .
POST.has_key ( ' _addanother ') and not request .
POST.has_key ( ' _continue ' ) : result [ ' Location ' ] = document.get_absolute_url ( ) return result
Now when users click Save , they are redirected to the preview page , rather than to the list page showing all Documents .
Adding features to the admin with signals
Signals are an under -used feature in Django that improve the modularity of your code .
Signals define events , such as saving a model or loading a template , that function anywhere the Django project can listen for and respond to .
This means you can easily augment the behavior of applications without having to modify them directly .
The admin provides one feature that application developers often want to modify : managing users via the django.contrib.auth.models .
User class .
Often , the admin is the only place in which Django users are added or modified , making it difficult to customize this useful class .
Imagine you want the administrator of the site to receive an e-mail every time a new User object is created .
Because the User model is n't directly available in the project , it might seem like the only way to accomplish this is to subclass
User or use an indirect method such as creating a dummy profile object to modify .
Listing 11 demonstrates how easy it is to add a function that runs when a User instance is saved .
Signals are usually added to models .py .
Listing 11 .
Using Django signals to notify when a new user is added
from django.db import models from django.db. models import signals from django.contrib.auth.models import User from django.core.mail import send_mail class Document ( models .
Model ) : [...] class Comment ( models .
Model ) : [...] def notify_admin( sender , instance , created , ** kwargs ) : ''' Notify the administrator that a new user has been added .''' if created : subject = ' New user created ' message = ' User %s was added ' % instance.username from_addr = 'no-reply@example.com ' recipient_list = ( 'admin@example.com ' , ) send_mail ( subject , message , from_addr , recipient_list ) signals.post_save.connect(notify_admin , sender=User )
The post_save signal is provided by Django and fires any time a model is saved or created .
The connect ( ) method here is taking two arguments : a callback ( notify_admin ) and the sender argument , which specifies that this callback is only interested in save events from the User model .
Inside the callback , the post_save signal passes the sender ( the model class ) , the instance of that model , and a boolean ( created ) that indicates whether the instance was just created .
In this example , the method sends an e-mail if the User is being created ; otherwise it does nothing .
A list of other Django - provided signals is provided in Related topics , as well as documentation on how to write your own signals .
Deeper modifications : Adding row - level permissions
Why ?
It might not be immediately obvious why a ForeignKey field would be set with blank =True when it is n't a text field .
In this case , it 's because the Django admin uses blank , rather than null , to determine whether the value must be manually set before saving the model .
If you supply only null =True or neither , then the Django admin forces the user to manually select an " added by " value before saving , when instead you want the behavior to default to the current user on save .
A commonly requested feature of the Django admin is that its permission system be extended to include row - level permissions .
By default , the admin allows for fine - grained control of roles and rights , but those roles apply only at the class level : a user can either modify all Documents or none .
Often , it is desirable to let users modify only specific objects .
These are often called row - level permissions because they reflect the ability to modify only particular rows of a database table rather than blanket permission to modify any record in the table .
A use case in the examples application might be that you want users to be able to see only Documents that they created .
First , update models .py to include an attribute recording who created the Document , as shown below .
Listing 12 .
Updating models.py to record the user who created each Document
from django.db import models from django.db. models import signals from django.contrib.auth.models import User from django.core.mail import send_mail class Document ( models .
Model ) : name = models .
CharField(max_length=255 ) text = models .
Text Field ( ) added_by = models .
ForeignKey ( User , null= True , blank=True ) def get_absolute_url ( self ) : return ' http://example.com/preview/document/%d/' % self.id def __unicode__( self ) : return self .
name [...]
Next , you need to add code to automatically record which user created the Document .
Signals do n't work for this because the signal does n't have access to the user object .
However , the ModelAdmin class does provide a method that includes the request and , therefore , the current user as a parameter .
Modify the save_model ( ) method in admin.py , as shown below .
Listing 13 .
Overriding a method in DocumentAdmin to save the current user to the database when created
from django.contrib import admin class DocumentAdmin( admin.ModelAdmin ) : def save_model ( self , request , obj , form , change ) : if getattr ( obj , ' added_by ' , None ) is None : obj.added_by = request.user obj.last_modified_by = request.user obj.save( ) [...]
If the value of added_by is None , this is a new record that has n't been saved .
( You could also check if change is false , which indicates that the record is being added , but checking for whether added_by is empty means that this also populates records that have been added outside of the admin . )
The next piece of row - level permissions is to restrict the list of documents to only those users who created them .
The ModelAdmin class provides a hook for this via a method called queryset ( ) , which determines the default query set returned by any list page .
As shown in Listing 14 , override queryset ( ) to restrict the listing to only those Documents created by the current user .
Superusers can see all documents .
Listing 14 .
Overriding the query set returned by the list pages
from django.contrib import admin from more_with_admin.examples import models class DocumentAdmin( admin.ModelAdmin ) : def queryset ( self , request ) : qs = super ( DocumentAdmin , self ) .queryset ( request ) #
If super -user , show all comments if request.user.is_superuser : return qs return qs.filter(added_by=request.user ) [...]
Now any requests for the Document list page in the admin show only those created by the current user ( unless the current user is a superuser , in which case all documents are shown ) .
Of course , nothing currently prevents a determined user from accessing an edit page for an unauthorized document by knowing its ID .
Truly secure row - level permissions require more method overriding .
Because admin users are generally trusted to some degree anyway , sometimes basic permissions are enough to provide a streamlined workflow .
Conclusion
Customizing the Django admin does require some knowledge of the admin source code but little hacking .
The admin is structured to be extensible using normal Python inheritance and some Django - only features such as signals .
The advantages of customizing the admin over creating a totally new administration interface are many :
Your application benefits from advances in Django as active development continues .
The admin already supports most common use cases .
External applications added to your project are automatically administrable side by side with your own code .
Looking ahead to Django V1.1 , the admin provides two new features that are often requested : the ability to edit fields inline on the list pages and admin actions , which allow for bulk updates to many objects at once .
Both additions will remove the need to write these common features from scratch while adding extension points for additional customization .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Remember that time you slathered yourself with body glitter and went running through the streets of your hometown ?
Well , despite deleting those pictures already , they may still exist on Facebook or MySpace 's servers and be readily accessible for all who want to scope them out that .
A study conducted by the University of Cambridge discovered that social networking sites such as Facebook and MySpace do not immediately remove from its servers photos that have been deleted by users .
The study audited 16 different social networking sites by uploading photos , noting their URLs , and then deleting them .
Thirty days later researchers checked the URLs , and in the case of 7 sites , the photos had not been removed from content delivery networks .
The 7 sites are : Bebo , Facebook , hi5 , LiveJournal , MySpace , SkyRock , and Xanga .
Other sites were able to remove pictures immediately , and surprisingly , frequent security offender Microsoft was one of them : Windows Live Spaces had immediate removal of photos .
Also on the ball were Orkut , Photobucket , and Flickr .
Content delivery networks are used by massive sites like Facebook and MySpace as a cached storage bin for elements such as photographs .
Basically , that body glitter shot is all over the place .
Facebook , the most popular social networking site , defended itself : " When a user deletes a photograph from Facebook it is removed from our servers immediately . "
The problem comes from content delivery networks and their slowness in wholly deleting photographic footprints .
Facebook claimed that photo overwriting " usually happens after a short period of time . "
But thirty days ?
That 's enough time for your future employer and grandmother to scope out your less - than - becoming snapshots .
The Cambridge report blames money .
Photos are infrequently deleted from sites such as Facebook , so it 's hard for companies to " justify the overhead and complexity of removing them from the content delivery network . "
The report calls this the " lazy approach . "
Facebook has had plenty of problems with online privacy in the past .
For the sake of user privacy and the ultimate experience of the site , Facebook should begin immediately deleting user photographs from content delivery networks and not hesitate at the sight of dollars in doing so .
The world is rife with mundane crap that does n't qualify as even remotely lethal , and that 's barely hilarious at all .
Fortunately , with some moderate tweaking , even the simplest of items can be turned into something horrifying .
7 Super Soaker Flamethrower
When Super Soakers arrived on the scene , they put ordinary squirt guns to shame with their extended range and awesome power .
Sure you had to pump till your arm cramped into a freakish , bent claw , but that just prepared us for many lonely , cold nights in front of a glowing monitor .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It was only a matter of time before some disillusioned youth with pyromaniac tendencies and a fascination with WWII - era weapons of horror noticed that water was n't the only thing you load into it .
And where more wholesome youth would have stopped at firing delicious nacho cheese from their squirt gun , others were determined to turn a water - soaked afternoon of fun into a fiery nightmare of unsupervised hooligans and singed eyebrows .
Super Soakers have ranges up to 45 feet , meaning when you set one ablaze you can torch your neighbor 's house from the convenience of your own kitchen or barbecue their hot dogs for them without having to stop watching Maury .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Internet offers up a wide range of videos on just how to make one , with some budding young arsonists and future burn victims choosing to rig up an ignition system while others simply get a friend to hold a lighter under the flammable stream ( because there 's probably no way that could end badly ) .
Though if flaming guns are too modern and crass for your tastes , you can always burn yourself the way our forefathers did by wielding this guy 's flaming sword .
Lady Thatcher led Britain from 1979 to 1990 Former Conservative prime minister Margaret Thatcher is under observation in hospital after breaking her arm .
The 83 - year - old suffered the injury in a fall at home but is said by her office to be " recovering well " .
She had been due to return home after treatment but doctors at the Chelsea and Westminster hospital have decided to keep her in overnight .
Britain 's first woman prime minister celebrated the 30th anniversary of her election victory earlier this week .
Lady
Thatcher 's office said there were no complications or other health issues to be concerned about , following her accident .
" The hospital 's decided , just to be sure , to keep her in for observation , " her spokeswoman said .
" It 's a simple fracture , but bearing in mind who she is , she 's 83 and the shock to the system , it 's just belt and braces .
There is nothing untoward . "
Frail
They confirmed she had tripped and fallen at about 0800BST .
An ambulance was called and she was transferred under police escort , with her special branch protection detail , to the hospital .
She was given an X - ray and it was discovered she had fractured her upper arm .
Lady Thatcher , who led Britain from 1979 to 1990 , has become increasingly frail in recent years and has suffered a number of minor strokes .
Her daughter Carol has also spoken about her struggle with dementia .
Ill health forced her to abandon her regular public speaking engagements in 2002 but she still makes public appearances .
In March last year she spent the night in hospital after feeling unwell while having dinner with friends .
But earlier this week she was at the Carlton Club in London to mark the 30th anniversary of her historic election victory .
In September 2007 Gordon Brown surprised many of his own backbenchers by inviting the peer to visit Downing Street and praising her as a " conviction politician " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ProLiteracy is a vibrant global network made up of more than 1,000 member organizations in the U.S. and partners in 35 developing countries .
By helping adults gain literacy skills , we can help reduce poverty , improve public health , and advance human rights in communities and countries around the world .
We strive to increase the capacity and quality of adult literacy programs through technical assistance , professional development , training , and content development .
Our programs and projects promote adult education through basic literacy ( reading , writing , basic math ) , ELL ( English language learning ) , high school equivalency degree , financial , digital , and health literacy .
Pelosi accuses CIA of lying in torture timeline INTERROGATION MEMOS
She contends agency is wrong about ' 02 briefing
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of Calif. is seen on Capitol Hill in Washington , Thursday , May 14 , 2009 .
Earlier Thursday , under strong attack from Republicans , Pelosi accused the CIA and Bush Administration of misleading her about waterboarding detainees in the war on terror and sharply rebutted claims she was complicit in the method 's use .
( AP Photo / Lauren Victoria Burke ) less House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of Calif. is seen on Capitol Hill in Washington , Thursday , May 14 , 2009 .
Earlier Thursday , under strong attack from Republicans , Pelosi accused the CIA and Bush Administration of ... more Photo : Lauren Victoria Burke , AP Photo : Lauren Victoria Burke , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Pelosi accuses CIA of lying in torture timeline 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi recently said her motto is " The best preparation for combat is combat . "
With both guns blazing at an extraordinary news conference Thursday , the Democrat from San Francisco made good on that , accusing the CIA of lying when the agency said she was told about torture in 2002 .
In doing so , Pelosi turned a distraction into a conflagration .
She had little choice after two weeks of Republican accusations that it was she who was lying , accompanied by a leaked CIA timeline that said she had been briefed on Sept. 4 , 2002 , that " enhanced interrogation techniques " - a euphemism for torture - " had been employed . "
Democrats quickly closed ranks behind the speaker .
Sen . Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , made clear whom she believes .
" I 've know Nancy a long time , " Feinstein said .
" We lived a few houses apart for a couple of decades .
I 've never known her not to be truthful .
Let me put that on the record . "
Feinstein had this to say about the CIA , now headed by fellow Californian Leon Panetta of Monterey :
" The CIA on this issue is in a defensive mode .
Who knows whether what they 're saying is right or wrong ?
The CIA is not an agency that is above not telling the truth . "
Republicans contend that Pelosi had known all along that that top al Qaeda suspects were being harshly interrogated for information on future plots , but only called it torture after the interrogations became public and inflamed her liberal base .
They say it is unfair to investigate former Bush officials if Pelosi was also complicit .
Pelosi waited for her regular weekly news conference to address the issue , after a trip to Iraq had left unanswered for nearly a week media reports fueled primarily by GOP sources making accusations .
" Yes , I am saying that they are misleading - that the CIA was misleading the Congress , " Pelosi said .
She said she would " be very happy " if the CIA would release the notes from the 2002 briefing so that everyone could see for themselves .
She repeated her call for a truth commission to air the facts .
Rare political damage
There is little doubt that Pelosi has sustained rare political damage , with even liberal late - night comedian Jon Stewart joking about her claim that Bush officials told her they had legal grounds to use torture but had not actually used it .
The uproar has arrived at a delicate juncture when Pelosi faces a daunting challenge enacting President Obama 's first - year agenda , including health care reform .
Yet those who think Pelosi is in any danger of being driven from power , in the manner of such past speakers as Newt Gingrich or Jim Wright , underestimate her strength , steadily cultivated over 22 years in Congress since arriving as a San Francisco backbencher in 1987 .
Pelosi's hallmark achievement has been to unify Democrats , not just her Bay Area allies but conservative Southern and rural Democrats .
There is no sign that they will abandon her now .
Rep. George Miller , D - Martinez , a top Pelosi confidant , said it was " ludicrous " to think Pelosi is in any political danger .
" Obviously , it 's an attempt by the architects and promoters of torture to try somehow to shift the blame to Democrats when for six , seven years , this is what they did , " Miller said .
" She 's made her statement , and she made her record very clear . "
Rep. Mike Thompson , D - St. Helena , said he was " a little shocked " when asked three days ago whether Pelosi was in trouble .
So Thursday , as the Pelosi news conference was blaring on every cable TV network , he said , " I 've been asking around on the ( House ) floor , and people just look at me like I 'm nuts . "
If anything , Pelosi 's no-prisoners stance may build support for the truth commission she has advocated to determine how decisions about the wars in Iraq and on terror were made .
Her call for such a commission last month touched off the storm that has now engulfed her .
Pelosi accused the Bush administration of " misinforming " Congress not only about torture but about weapons of mass destruction as a way of pushing its war agenda with minimal interference from Congress .
" Let 's get it straight , " she said .
" The Bush administration has conceived a policy .
The CIA comes to the Congress , withholds information about the timing and the use of ( torture ) .
We later find out that it had been taking place before they even briefed us about the legal opinions and told us that they were not being used . "
GOP leader 's perspective
Republican House leader John Boehner of Ohio said Pelosi 's responses " continue to raise more questions than provide answers . "
He said it is " hard for me to imagine that anyone in our intelligence area would ever mislead a member of Congress . "
Marc Sandalow , former Washington bureau chief for The Chronicle who covered Pelosi for 20 years and wrote her biography , " Madame Speaker , " in 2008 , said that what is clear is that " somebody 's not telling the truth , either Nancy Pelosi or somebody at the CIA .
And there is nothing in Nancy Pelosi 's long public history to suggest that she lies .
Hardball politics , yes .
Lying , no . "
Pelosi is also a notorious stickler for protocol .
It comes as little surprise that she would leave it to her successor on the House Intelligence Committee , Rep. Jane Harman , D - Venice ( Los Angeles County ) , to send a letter to the White House objecting to the techniques after a later and apparently more complete briefing on Feb.
5 , 2003 , which Pelosi 's national security aide attended .
Feinstein has opened what she expects to be a six - to eight - month Senate Intelligence Committee investigation of the interrogations .
She opposes a truth commission because her committee can look at secret documents and take less time .
With a commission , she said , " I do n't think you 'll really get a professional job .
I think you 'll get a very controversial work product .
Now , our work product may be controversial , but it will be sound . "
Echoing the concerns of many members on the House and Senate intelligence committees , she said her own experience with CIA briefings is that they tend to be " very bland , very theoretical and with very little said .
You can not take notes .
...
There is no opportunity for a lot of questions . "
Push to expand briefings
Feinstein and others are pushing legislation to expand such briefings to the full intelligence committees , including professional staff .
Some experts concur that limiting briefings to as few as four members of Congress who are sworn to absolute secrecy obstructs Congress ' obligation to oversee the executive branch .
The controversy puts Panetta in a difficult spot , defending the CIA against a fellow Californian .
In a letter accompanying the timeline that implicates Pelosi , Panetta said the information is based on the best recollections of the CIA briefers at the time and may not be accurate .
$ 29 $ 21
The Federal Reserve caused the current economic crisis by suppressing interest rates and creating the housing bubble , Texas Congressman Ron Paul , Euro Pacific Capital president Peter Schiff , and others have charged .
And now there ’s finally been enough political push - back for the damage the Federal Reserve has wreaked that the Fed will be hiring a lobbyist .
The Federal Reserve ’s choice of lobbyist is Johns Hopkins University Vice President Linda Robertson , who serves in a public relations role at the medical school .
Robertson served as an aide on Capitol Hill in the House of Representatives .
She served throughout the Clinton administration as a senior advisor to three treasury secretaries , and won the Treasury Department ’s highest award , the Alexander Hamilton award .
Her partisan service in the Clinton administration could be a sign that the Fed will tie its future to the Democratic Party , which is currently in charge of both legislative chambers of Congress and the White House .
Robertson has experience lobbying for another Ponzi scheme besides the Federal Reserve , but it is not something she ’d likely want to boast about .
Bloomberg.com reveals that she headed the Washington lobbying office of Enron Corp. , the energy trading company that collapsed in 2002 after an accounting scandal .
Not surprisingly , Robertson ’s Johns Hopkins biography omits her lobbying efforts on behalf of Enron .
Could the Fed be anticipating an Enron - style collapse ?
The political tides seem to favor a political debacle for the Fed , and even some former Fed officials are realizing it .
 Some members of Congress think there are votes in attacking the Fed after it unnecessarily and unwisely entangled monetary policy with fiscal policy ,  former St. Louis Fed President William Poole told Bloomberg.com .
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Thomas R. Eddlem
The Carteret Islands are located off the coast of Papua New Guinea .
With a total population of around 2,500 people on the collection of coral atolls , most people outside of the community havenâ€™t heard of it and it is barely visible on most maps .
In the very near future it wonâ €™t be on any maps at all .
In what is being called the worldâ€™s first evacuation of an entire people as a result of climate change , an evacuation of the entire community , first from Iolasa Island on the Carteret Atoll , began in recent weeks .
Five families relocated to Bougainville , 50 miles away , to begin preparing a place for the remaining people from the Cateret Islands to move .
The highest point on the Iolasa Island is reported to be 170 cm above sea level - no match for a rising ocean .
Australiaâ€™s National Tidal Facility estimates an annual Pacific sea level rise of 8.2 mm per year over the past seven years .
Some scientists and experts believe volcanic activity and earthquakes in the area are in fact responsible for the sinking of the islands .
Others point to the fluctuating nature of the natural life cycle of an atoll .
Past removals of mangrove trees that kept the shoreline solid and acted as protection against the ocean have also contributed to the environmental destruction .
In recent years residents have repeatedly lost gardens and homes to increasingly destructive spring tides that have also contaminated drinking water supplies .
Whether the situation on Carteret Islands is because of rising sea levels from climate change or a shifting of the Earth is uncertain .
What is certain is that the people who live on the Carteret Islands wonâ€™t be living there much longer .
The Papua New Guinea government has authorized and allocated funds for the evacuation and families are on Bougainville , preparing a place for the rest .
It is estimated the Carteret Islands will be fully submerged and uninhabitable by 2015 .
To learn more : Dan Box is living on the Carteret Islands and blogging about the situation and events as they happen for the Ecologist .
[ 2009/05/07 —
I ’ve posted a follow up article on this topic which you may want to read ]
A couple of months ago I did some experiments on the interoperability of ODF spreadsheets , the theory and practice .
In that earlier post I looked at the then current ODF implementations , including :
OpenOffice.org 2.4 Google Spreadsheets KOffice KSpread 1.6.3 IBM
Lotus Symphony 1.1 Microsoft Office 2003 with the Microsoft - sponsored CleverAge Add-in version 2.5 Microsoft Office 2003 with Sun’s ODF Plugin
I created a test document in each of those editors and then loaded each test document in each of the other editors .
I showed what worked , what did n’t , and made some suggestions on how interoperability could be improved .
I found only two notable failures , when the Microsoft / CleverAge Add-in for Excel loaded KSpread and Symphony documents .
The other scenarios I tested were OK :
Created In CleverAge Google KSpread Symphony OpenOffice Sun Plugin Read In CleverAge OK OK Fail Fail OK OK Google OK OK OK OK OK OK KSpread OK OK OK OK OK OK Symphony OK OK OK OK OK OK OpenOffice OK OK OK OK OK OK Sun Plugin OK OK OK OK OK OK
I lot has happened in the two months since I did that analysis .
Several of the applications I tested have been updated :
CleverAge has released version 3.0 of their Add-in .
OpenOffice 3.01 is now out and in wide use .
Symphony 1.3 is now in beta .
The Sun ODF Plugin is now at version 3.0 .
Microsoft Office 2007 SP2 has been released , with integrated ODF support .
KOffice 2.0 RC 1 is now available .
I have n’t been able to get the release candidate of KOffice installed , so I ’m still including KSpread 1.6.3 in my tests , but for the rest I have created new test files in each editing environment , saved them to ODF format and then loaded the resulting documents into each of the other editors .
From these test documents I was able to perform 42 different test combinations .
I ’ll explain a bit more how I tested , then give you the table of results , and finally make some observations and recommendations .
The test scenario I used was a simple wedding planner for a fictional user , Maya , who is getting married on August 15th .
She wants to track how many days are left until her wedding , as well as track a simple ledger of wedding - related expenses .
Nothing complicated here .
I created this spreadsheet from scratch in each of the editors , by performing the following steps :
Enter the title in A1 “ May ’s Wedding Planner ” and increased font size to 14 point .
Enter formula = TODAY ( ) in B3 and set US style MM / DD / YY date format /
Enter the date of the wedding as a constant in cell B4 , also setting date format .
Added simple calculations on cells B6 - B8 , to calculate days , weeks and months until the wedding .
A11 through E16 is a simple ledger of the kind that is done thousands of times a day by spreadsheet users everywhere .
Once you have the formula set up in column E ( Balance = previous balance + credits – debits ) then you can simply copy down the formula to the new row for each new entry .
The resulting spreadsheet looks something like this :
Feel free to download a zip of all of the test spreadsheet files .
The file names should be self - explanatory .
Here is what I found when I tested the various scenarios :
Created In Google KSpread Symphony OpenOffice Sun Plugin CleverAge MS Office 2007 SP2 Read In Google OK OK OK OK Fail OK Fail KSpread OK OK OK Fail Fail OK Fail Symphony OK OK OK OK OK Fail Fail OpenOffice OK OK OK OK OK OK Fail Sun Plugin OK OK OK OK OK OK Fail CleverAge Plugin OK OK OK OK Fail OK OK MS Office 2007 SP2 Fail Fail Fail Fail Fail Fail OK
So what is happening here ?
CleverAge appears to have heeded the advice from my earlier blog post and now correctly processes KSpread and Symphony spreadsheets .
This is great news and they deserve credit for that work .
But this is a small bit of good news in a table that now shows awful lot of red .
Let ’s see if we can figure this out .
First , some combinations that worked previously , when I tested two months ago , are now not working :
Symphony 1.3 beta hangs when attempting to load the spreadsheet created with the CleverAge 3.0 ODF Add-in .
Symphony 1.1 also hangs when trying to load that same spreadsheet .
However both versions of Symphony work fine when loading the CleverAge 2.5 spreadsheet from two months ago .
The CleverAge document appears to be valid , so my guess is that this is a bug in the Symphony 1.3 beta .
I ’ll pass this document on to the Symphony development team to see what they say .
KSpread 1.6.3 does not read formulas from OpenOffice 3.01 documents .
KSpread had no problems with OO 2.4 documents .
The problem appears to be that OpenOffice 3.01 , by default , writes out documents according to the ODF 1.2 draft which puts formulas in the OpenFormula namespace .
But KSpread is expecting them in the legacy namespace .
The result is that spreadsheet formulas are dropped when the document is loaded in KSpread .
In a similar way , Sun ’s new ODF Plugin writes out documents according to the ODF 1.2 draft .
KOffice is unable to handle these files .
This also causes problems for Google Spreadsheets and the Microsoft / CleverAge Plugin for Excel , which report errors “ We were unable to upload this document ” and “ The converter failed to open this file ” .
The new entry to the mix is Microsoft Office 2007 SP2 , which has added integrated ODF support .
Unfortunately this support did not fare well in my tests .
The problem appears to be how it treats spreadsheet formulas in ODF documents .
When reading an ODF document , Excel SP2 silently strips out formulas .
What is left is the last value that cell had , when previously saved .
This can cause subtle and not so subtle errors and data loss .
For example , in the test document I presented above , the current date is encoded using the TODAY ( ) spreadsheet function .
If the formulas are stripped , then this cell no longer updates , and will return the wrong value .
Similarly , if Maya tries to continue her ledger of expenses by copying the formula cells from column E down a row , this will cause incorrect calculations , since there is no longer a formula to copy , so she would just be copying the prior balance .
In general , SP2 converts an ODF spreadsheet into a mere “ table of numbers ” and any calculation logic is lost .
In the other direction , when writing out spreadsheets in ODF format , Excel 2007 SP2 does include spreadsheet formulas but places them into an Excel namespace .
This namespace is not what OpenOffice and other ODF applications use .
It is not the ODF 1.2 namespace .
It is n’t even the OOXML namespace .
I have no idea what it is or what it means .
Not every ODF application checks the namespace of formulas when loading documents , but the ones that do reject the SP2 documents altogether .
And the ones that do not check the namespace try and fail to load a formula since it is syntactically different than what they expected .
The applications essentially display a corrupted document that is shows neither the formula nor the value correctly .
For example , a SP2 document , loaded in MS Office using the Sun ODF Plugin looks like this :
Similar corruption occurs when loading the Excel 2007 SP2 spreadsheet into KSpread , Symphony and OpenOffice .
Google does n’t import the document at all .
I must admit that I ’m disappointed by these results .
This is not a step forward compared to where we were two months ago .
This is a big step backwards .
Spreadsheet interoperability is not hard .
This is not rocket science .
Everyone knows what TODAY ( ) means .
Everyone knows what =A1+A2 means .
To get this wrong requires more effort than getting it right .
It is especially frustrating when we know that the underlying applications support the same fundamental formula language , or something very close to it , and are tripped up by lack of namespace coordination .
Whether it is accidental or intentional I do n’t know or care .
But I cannot fail to notice that the same application — Microsoft Excel 2007 — will process ODF spreadsheet documents without problems when loaded via the Sun or CleverAge plugins , but will miserably fail when using the “ improved ” integrated code in Office 2007 SP2 .
This ai n’t right .
I have some suggestions for how to move things forward again .
There will be a lot less red on the above table if two simple changes are made :
Sun should write out formulas in ODF 1.1 format , using the legacy “ oooc ” namespace prefix that the other vendors are using .
Remember , the other vendors are using that namespace specifically for compatibility with OO ’s ODF documents .
This is the current convention .
To unilaterally switch , without notice or coordination , to a new namespace , is not cool .
When ODF 1.2 is an approved standard , then we all can move there in a coordinated fashion , to cause users minimal inconvenience .
But the above table clearly shows the confusion that results if this move is not coordinated .
I know OO 3.01 has an option to save in ODF 1.0/1.1 format .
IMHO , this setting should be the default .
I ’m not sure if the Sun Plugin has a similar configuration option , but I hope it does .
In addition to writing out compatible formulas as per the above comments on the Sub Plugin , Microsoft should remove the code in SP2 that causes it to reject every other vendor ’s spreadsheet documents .
Give the user a warning if you need to , but let them have the choice .
Finally , let me try to anticipate and debunk some of the counter - arguments which might be raised to argue against interoperability .
First , we might hear that ODF 1.1 does not define spreadsheet formulas and therefore it is not necessary for one vendor to use the same formula language that other vendors use .
This is certainly is true if your sole goal is to claim conformance .
If your business model requires only conformance and not actually achieving interoperability , then I wish you well .
But remember that conformance and interoperability are not mutually exclusive options .
An application can be conformant to a standard and also be interoperable , if you use the legacy formula namespace and syntax .
So the desire to be conformant is not an excuse for not also being interoperable , or at least not a valid excuse .
One might also wryly note that Microsoft has several Directors of Interoperability , not Directors of Minimal Conformance , and they workshops are called Document Interoperability Initiatives , not Minimal Conformance Initiatives .
The difference between minimal conformance and interoperability is well illustrated in these tests .
Remember , it is not particularly difficult or clever to to take an adverse reading of a standard to make an incompatible , non-interoperable product .
Take HTML , for example .
It does not define the attributes of unstyled ( default ) text .
So I could create a perfectly conformant browser implementation that makes all default text be 4 - point Zapf Dingbats , white text on a white background .
It would conform with the standard , but it would be perfectly unusable by anyone .
If you try hard enough you can create 100 % conformant , but non-interoperable , implementations of almost most standards .
Standards are voluntary , written to help coordinate multiple parties in their desires for interoperability .
Standards are not written to compel interoperability by parties who do not wish to be interoperable .
( A side point is that SP2 ’s implementation of ODF spreadsheets does not , in fact , conform to the requirements of the ODF standard , but that is another story , for another blog post . )
We might also hear concerns that supporting other vendors ’
ODF spreadsheet formulas cannot be done because this formula language is undocumented .
The irony here is that the formula language used by OpenOffice ( and by other vendors ) is based on that used by Excel , which itself was not fully documented when OpenOffice implemented it .
So an argument , by Microsoft , not to support that language because it is not documented is rather hypocritical .
Excel supports 1 - 2 - 3 files and formulas and legacy Excel versions ( back to Excel 4.0 ) neither of which have standardized formula languages .
Why are these supported ?
Also , the fact that the Microsoft / CleverAge add - in correctly reads and writes the legacy ODF formula syntax shows not only that it can be done , but that Microsoft already has the code to do it .
The inexplicable thing is why that code never made it into Excel 2007 SP2 .
We ’ll probably also hear that 100 % compatibility with legacy documents is critical to Microsoft users and that it is dangerous to try to save Excel formulas into interoperable ODF formulas because there is no guarantees that OpenOffice or any other ODF application will interpret them the same as Excel does .
So one might try to claim that Microsoft is protecting their customers by preventing them from saving interoperable spreadsheet formulas .
But we should note that fully - licensed Microsoft Office users have already been creating legacy documents in ODF format , using the Microsoft / CleverAge ODF Add-in .
These paying Microsoft Office customers will now see their existing investment in ODF documents , created using Microsoft - sanctioned code , get corrupted when loaded in Excel 2007 SP2 .
Why are paying Microsoft customers who used ODF less important than Microsoft customers who used OOXML ?
That is the shocking thing here , the way in which users of the ODF Add - in are being sacrificed .
If you are cynical , you might observe that if Excel 2007 SP2 allowed Microsoft / CleverAge ODF Add - in formulas to work correctly , then SP2 would need to allow all vendors ’ formulas to work , since the other vendors are using the same legacy namespace .
The only way for Microsoft to make their legacy ODF documents work and to exclude other vendors would be ( hypothetically ) to specifically look in the document for the name of the application that created the document , and allow their ODF Add - in but reject OpenOffice , etc. IANAL , but I think something like that would look very , very bad to competition authorities .
So the only way out , if your goal ( hypothetically ) is to avoid interoperability , is to sacrifice your existing Office customers who are using the Microsoft / CleverAge ODF Add-in .
It serves them right for not sticking to the party line in the first place .
This ’ll teach ’em good .
Of course , I am not that cynical .
I was taught to never assume malice where incompetence would be the simpler explanation .
But the degree of incompetence needed to explain SP2 ’s poor ODF support boggles the mind and leads me to further uncharitable thoughts .
So I must stop here .
As I mentioned before , this is a step backwards .
But it is just one step on the journey .
Let ’s look forward ( and move forward ) .
This is just code .
Code can be fixed .
We know exactly what is needed to have good interoperability of spreadsheet formulas .
In fact most of the code already exists for this .
The only thing we need now is to actually go do it and not get too far ahead , or lag too far behind from the other implementations .
This is more a question of timing and coordination than hard technical problems .
[ 2009/05/07 —
For more on this topic , see my “ A follow - up on Excel 2007 SP2’s ODF Support “ ]
Listen to this clip in its entirety :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Now listen to the original sentence again :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Assuming you fall within a reasonable part of the bell curve of humans , you heard the woman abruptly sing “ sometimes behave so strangely ” in the middle of the phrase .
Listen to it again … and again … you cannot escape the singsong interpretation of those words now .
Diana Deutsch of the University of California , San Diego first documented this phenomenon — the spontaneous translation by our brains of a spoken phrase to song when isolated and repeatedly looped — in a 1995 research study .
Dr. Deutsch played a looped version of the phrase for eleven choir members and then asked them to reproduce what they heard .
Here are their recollections :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Playing the sentence just once for another set of singers generated these reproductions :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
This curiosity is not purely academic , as modern composers have been exploiting the effect for decades in their music .
Steve Reich is probably the most notable example with pieces like “ Different Trains ” that derive much of their melodic content from the natural rhythms and pitch variations in speech recordings :
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
I was on an airplane flying to Orange County from Sacramento to attend the al - Awda Conference ; which is a Palestinian Right ’s Conference .
Al - Awda translates to “ The Returning " ; when the Pilot voice filled the cabin to make an announcement that I think went unnoticed by most of my fellow passengers , but I heard it .
As the plane was on the approach to John Wayne airport , the Captain came on the intercom to remind us all to “ remember our brave troops who have died for our freedom . ”
Even in this post 9 - 11 paranoid paradigm , if I was n’t belted in for landing , I would have popped out of my seat at 13D and charged up to the cockpit to let the pilot know that my son was killed in Iraq and not one person anywhere in this world is one iota more free because he is dead .
As a matter of fact , the people of Iraq , the foreign country thousands of miles away where my oldest child ’s brains , blood , and life seeped into the soil , are not freer , unless one counts being liberated from life , liberty and property being free .
If you consider torture and indefinite detention freedom , then the Pilot may have been right , but then again , even if you do consider those crimes freedom , it does not make it so .
Here in America we are definitely not freer because my son died , as a matter of fact , our nation can spy on us and our communications without a warrant or just cause and we can’t even bring a 3.6 ounce bottle of hand cream into an airport or walk through a METAL detector with our shoes on .
Even if we do want to exercise our Bill of Rights , we are shoved into pre-designated “ free speech ” ( NewSpeak for ; STFU , unless you are well out of the way of what you want to protest and shoved into pens like cattle being led to slaughter ) zones and oftentimes brutally treated if you decide you are entitled to “ free speech ” on every inch of American soil .
If you watch any one of the cable news networks this weekend between doing holiday weekend things , you will be subjected to images of row upon row of white headstones of dead US military lined up in perfect formation in the afterlife as they were in life .
Patriotic music will swell and we will be reminded in script font to “ Remember our heroes , ” or some such BS as that .
Before Casey was killed , a message like that would barely register in my consciousness as I rushed around preparing for Casey ’s birthday bar - be-que that became a family tradition since he was born on Memorial Day in 1979 .
If I had a vision of how Memorial Day and Casey ’s birthday would change for my family , I would have fled these violent shores to protect what was mine , not this murderous country ’s .
Be my guest , look at those headstones with pride or indifference .
I look at them , now with horror , regret , pain and a longing for justice .
I can guarantee what you wo n’t see this holiday weekend are images of the over one million Iraqi dead .
Say we assign , in an arbitrary way for purely illustrative purposes , an average height of 5 feet for every person killed in Iraq and then lined those people up from head to toe .
That gruesome line would stretch from Los Angeles to Portland , Oregon …950 driving miles up Interstate 5 .
If we count the Iraqis who have been forced to flee , we would have to go back and forth between L.A. and Portland another four times .
There are obscene amounts of people who have been slaughtered for the US Profit Driven Military Empire who do not count here in America on any day .
People in Vietnam are still dying from the toxins dumped on their country by the US , not to mention the millions who died during that war .
Let the carnage escalate in Afghanistan while we protect our personal images by turning a blind eye to Obama ’s war crimes .
Are you going to feel a lump of pride in your bosom when the coffins start to be photographed at Dover for this imperial crime of aggression ?
Will you look at those flag - draped boxes of the lifeless body of some mother 's child and think : " Now , I am free . "
Is it better to be dead when Obama is president ?
A tough , but real , aspect of this all to consider is , how many of the soldiers buried in coffins in military cemeteries killed or tortured innocent people as paid goons for Empire ?
To me , it is deeply and profoundly sad on so many levels .
If I have any consolation through all of this , I learned that my son bravely refused to go on the mission that killed him , but he was literally dragged onto the vehicle and was dead minutes later before he was forced to do something that was against his nature and nurture .
Casey will always be my hero but he was a victim of US Imperialism and his death should bring shame , not pride , as it did not bring freedom to anyone .
I will , of course , mourn his senseless death on Memorial Day as I do everyday .
</p><p>However , we do not need another day here in America to glorify war which enables the Military Industrial Complex to commit its crimes under the black cloak of " Patriotism . "
From Palestine to Africa to South America , our quest for global economic domination kills , sickens , maims or oppresses people on a daily basis and about 25,000 children per day die of starvation .
I am not okay with these facts and I am not proud of my country .
I will spend my reflective time on MD to mourn not only the deaths of so many people all over the world due to war , but mourn the fact that they are the unseen and uncared for victims of US Empire .
Posted at Cindy Sheehan 's Soapbox .
The top 10 most downloaded movies on BitTorrent , ‘ Knowing ’ tops the chart this week followed by ' Angels and Demons ' .
' Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun - Li ' completes this week ’s top three .
This week there are a record breaking number of eight newcomers this week .
‘ Knowing ’ which leads the chart while the sequel of ‘ Night at the Museum ’ reappears in the list as a R5 release .
The data for our weekly download chart is collected by TorrentFreak , and is for informational and educational reference only .
All the movies in the list are DVDrips unless stated otherwise .
RSS feed for the weekly movie download chart .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama unveiled his administration 's blueprint for a new national network of high - speed passenger rail lines Thursday , saying such an investment is necessary to reduce traffic congestion , cut dependence on foreign oil and improve the environment .
President Obama , with Vice President Joe Biden , called for clean efficient travel Thursday .
The president 's plan identifies 10 potential high - speed intercity corridors for federal funding , including California , the Pacific Northwest , the Midwest , the Southeast , the Gulf Coast , Pennsylvania , Florida , New York and New England .
It also highlights potential improvements in the heavily traveled Northeast Corridor running from Washington to Boston , Massachusetts .
Each of the corridors identified by the president 's report are between 100 and 600 miles long .
The blueprint envisions some trains traveling at top speeds of over 150 mph .
Federal grants would also be directed toward separate individual rail projects that are deemed " ready to go , " with preliminary engineering and environmental work already completed .
Watch Obama talk about rail projects »
" My high - speed rail proposal will lead to innovations that change the way we travel in America .
We must start developing clean , energy - efficient transportation that will define our regions for centuries to come , " Obama said at an event near the White House .
The president cited the success of high - speed rail in European countries such as France and Spain as a positive example for the United States .
His plan would be funded in part through the recently passed $ 787 billion stimulus plan , which includes a total of $ 8 billion for improvements in rail service .
Obama has also proposed a separate five - year , $ 5 billion investment in high - speed rail as part of the administration 's suggested fiscal year 2010 budget .
" We 're going to make travel in this country leaner and a whole lot cleaner , " said Vice President Joe Biden , speaking before Obama .
The president spoke one day after the governors of eight Midwestern states sent a letter to Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood requesting stimulus funds for the construction of a regional network of faster passenger rail lines .
The city of Chicago , Illinois , would be the hub of the proposed Midwest Regional Rail System , which would stretch to Madison , Wisconsin , in the Northwest ; St. Louis , Missouri , in the South ; and Detroit , Michigan , in the East .
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Obama pledged to support a national network of faster passenger trains .
The administration has already dedicated $ 1.3 billion in federal funding for Amtrak .
The money for the rail service , which carried almost 29 million passengers last year , will go primarily to infrastructure repair and improvement .
All About Barack Obama • Train Travel • Transportation Policy
KABUL —
Fans of poppyseed bagels may want to start glancing furtively around for undercover narcs before taking a bite of their black - speckled breakfast rolls .
According to the U.S. military , poppyseeds are narcotics , in the same league as opium or heroin .
This , at least , is the message conveyed by a recent raid in Marja district of Helmand Province , where U.S. forces , after a four - day military offensive , proudly announced the biggest - ever drug bust in Afghanistan : more than 101 tons of “ narcotics , ” whose seizure “ severely disrupted one of the key militant and criminal operations and narcotics hubs in southern Afghanistan , ” according to U.S. military spokesperson Col. Greg Julian .
What he failed to highlight was that more than 80 percent of it — 82.5 tons — was bagel topping , although most of this cache was probably destined for planting , rather than eating .
“ We cannot really say that poppyseeds are narcotics , ” acknowledged a U.S. official , speaking on background .
“ They are potential narcotics . ”
Smaller amounts of actual drugs were seized — 18.5 tons of opium , 0.04 tons of morphine , 0.22 tons of heroin and 0.2 tons of hashish .
To put the numbers in perspective , the opium represents three - tenths of 1 percent of the nearly 6,000 tons that Helmand produced in 2008 .
“ It was not hugely substantial , ” admitted the U.S. official .
But the significance of the Marja operation goes beyond the hype surrounding the seizure of drugs .
It represents a new emphasis in the use of U.S. troops in Afghanistan — from counter - insurgency to counter - narcotics .
The Marja raid included 14 agents from the Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) , whose Forward Advisory Support Team ( FAST ) is trained to interface with U.S. Special Forces .
“ You cannot tell the difference between them and Special Forces , ” the U.S. official said .
The FAST agents are not allowed to participate in strictly counterinsurgency offensives — their mission is counter - narcotics .
In Marja , they were assisting U.S. Special Forces and Afghan commandos from the 205th Atal Corps .
The troops went into Marja , a small community approximately 30 kilometers from the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah , on May 19 .
The announced aim was to clean out what is , admittedly , a hotbed of drug and Taliban activity .
“ The main goal is to counter the insurgency , which happens to be funded and fueled by the drug trade , ” Julian said .
“ Where the insurgency and drug nexus exists — it is a legitimate military target . ”
The troubled southern province of Helmand is Afghanistan ’s prime example of the drug - insurgency nexus , serving as a center for Taliban as well as the undisputed world capital of poppy .
Helmand alone produces 60 percent of the planet ’s raw material for heroin , according to the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) .
But the Marja offensive was aimed directly at the narcotics trade , according to the U.S. official quoted above .
“ We were sending a message to drug traffickers , that they can no longer operate with no control , ” he said .
No attempt was made to clear and hold the area , and the combined U.S. - Afghan force withdrew after four days .
The issue of troops employed in counter - narcotics operations is a controversial one , and has caused tensions between the United States and its allies in Afghanistan .
Earlier this year , Gen. John Craddock , NATO ’s Supreme Allied Commander , Europe , sparked a major row over his assertion that NATO should target drug traffickers in Afghanistan whether or not it could be demonstrated that they had links to the insurgency .
Some of the allies balked , with German Gen. Egon Ramms going so far as to question the legality of Craddock ’s initiative .
But the U.S. military has fewer qualms , and fewer restrictions , about using its soldiers to punish drug traffickers .
The justification has always been that the drug trade fuels the insurgency .
Figures are notoriously slippery , but experts gauge that between $ 100 million and $ 300 million of drug money per year ends up in Taliban coffers .
“ I look at poppy fields and I see fields of Kalashnikovs , ” said Gen. Dan McNeill , former commander of the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) in Afghanistan .
But even this sacred cow is being called into question , by none other than the U.S. special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke .
Addressing the media in Islamabad in early June , Holbrooke dismissed the notion that drug money supplied the major portion of Taliban funding .
“ Even if the drug trade stops it wo n’t have any significant impact , ” he said .
Despite the mixed messages , Marja was hailed as an unalloyed victory by both the U.S. and Afghan military establishments .
" The commandos thoroughly demolished a vital operational , logistical and financial hub for the enemy and completed this mission victorious as the militants and criminals crawled away defeated and operationally neutered , " said Ministry of Defense spokesperson Maj.
Gen. Mohammad Zahir Azimi .
But the story on the ground was quite different .
Within hours of the combined forces ’ withdrawal , the Taliban were back , busily organizing their government , counting tax revenues and bragging that they had kicked the most powerful army in the world out of their little enclave .
“ The Taliban have set up their government in Marja the same as it was , ” said Hajji Salem Wardak , Marja ’s representative to the Provincial Council .
“ They are collecting zakat ( taxes ) , they have a court , a district governor , and they are boasting that nobody can get them out of Marja .
They are proud that they defeated the government and the Americans with a much smaller force . ”
The Marja operation left residents bewildered and angry .
After four days of bombardment , the destruction of the local bazaar , and significant damage to houses and wheat fields , they were back where they started — face - to - face with the Taliban .
“ This operation will have no positive effect , ” complained Marja native Salim .
“ The foreigners go in and come out again .
They just destabilize the situation , without taking control of the area .
This makes the Taliban strong , and takes away any hope that the internationals can bring security . ”
Aziz Ahmad Tassal and Mohammad Ilyas Dayee contributed to this report .
Read more about Afghanistan :
Taliban leaders report progress in secret talks with the US and Afghanistan
Nancy Dupree 's love affair with Kabul
Last call in Kabul
GHC uses GMP to implement the Haskell arbitrary - precision Integer type .
It 's been this way for ages .
For various reasons using GMP is a slight problem for some users .
Some users do n't really make use of Integer and do n't like to have to link to GMP .
Since GMP uses the LGPL , if you want to ship closed source programs then you have to link to it dynamically .
On Windows static linking is the default so you have to jump through hoops to link it dynamically .
Then there are also users who make heavy use of GMP and find that the Integer library is far too limited an interface to GMP .
However binding extra GMP functions is complicated by the the way that the GHC RTS uses it already ( especially the memory management ) .
So what these people want is a way to build GHC such that the RTS does not directly link to GMP .
Then the implementation of Integer should be in a library that is replaceable so that one can use a simple slow implementation , a super - duper binding to GMP or some other " big num " library .
Daniel Peebles , Ian Lynagh and I have been working on this problem recently .
Ian and my contributions to this are supported by the IHG .
Getting GMP out of the RTS
Before we can think about replacements however we need to disentangle GMP from the RTS and at least move the existing GMP - based Integer implementation into a library .
This Integer implementation would remain the default so it still has to be fast .
Daniel has managed to rip GMP out of the RTS and we 're now focusing on how to move the GMP binding into its own library .
The difficulty of moving it out of the RTS is that currently almost all the GMP operations are bound as GHC " primops " , as opposed to using the FFI .
This is partly historical accident ( FFI arrived on the scene relatively late ) and partly that due to certain FFI restrictions , the primop route is simpler and faster .
The issue is that the wrapper code ( around the actual GMP calls ) needs to return several results to Haskell land , in particular things like (# Int , ByteArray # # ) .
Using the FFI it is possible to return several results but one has to do it in the time - honoured tradition of C and emulate " out " parameters by passing pointers .
The problem with doing that is we would need to do a lot of marshaling : temporarily allocate some memory , pass pointers and read back the results .
All this just to return a few integers and pointers .
It 's actually more tricky because at the level in the library stack where we have to implement Integer we do not actually have access to the FFI libraries ( in fact currently we do not even have access to the IO type ) .
GHC primops
Primops bypass the single - result restrictions inherited from the C calling convention .
We can write primops that directly return unboxed tuples , like (# Int , ByteArray # # ) .
Primops ( at least out - of - line primops ) are implemented in Cmm , which is GHC 's low level intermediate language based on the C -- language .
These Cmm functions have to know exactly the internal calling convention that GHC uses , but there is no excess marshaling .
Unfortunately knowledge of the primops has to be baked into the compiler and the Cmm code has to be compiled into the RTS .
So that 's no good for implementing Integer a separate library from the RTS .
What if we could use the FFI to import Cmm functions ...
foreign import prim
That would make it possible to have out - of - line primops in a library .
The library would contain the compiled .cmm files and the .hs code in the same library would " foreign import " the cmm function .
In particular we could then just move the .cmm code we use for wrapping the GMP library calls from the RTS into the integer - gmp package .
Then instead of getting primops like plusInteger# from the GHC .
Prim module , we would just foreign import them , eg :
foreign import prim " plusInteger " plusInteger # :: Int# -> ByteArray # -> Int# -> ByteArray # -> (# Int# , ByteArray # #)
So that 's what I started implementing today , " foreign import prim " .
It needs a slight extension in the lexer , parser , type checker , desugarer , core ->stg , and stg -> cmm phases .
That sounds like a lot but the changes in each bit are pretty small .
As a feature it is very similar to foreign C calls and also to primops , so fortunately it can share most code with those existing features .
So far it 's going ok , I 've got it producing convincing looking core , stg and cmm code .
Tomorrow I 'll test it and review the design and changes with Simon Marlow .
California and other state fire agencies will probably be slow to embrace this new titan .
At a cost of $ 3 million per month , the Supertanker may find itself fighting only the worst fires in the most precious places with the most property at risk .
Maybe the Supertanker wo n't replace traditional firefighting equipment and techniques , but it will definitely be nice to have a superhero waiting in the wings .
Rob Cockerham
Friday , May 8 , 2009
50 Damn Hottest Models Of All Time | Hot Snaps
Nikki Taylor
If it seems like Nikki Taylor has been with us forever , it ’s because she pretty much has .
She graced the cover of Vogue in 1990 at the age of 15 .
She went on to be considered one of the first ever “ Supermodels ” , and she ’s been on the cover of over 400 magazines .
She recently had her first baby with husband Burney Lamar , who is a NASCAR driver .
Kylie Bax
Kylie Bax is a New Zealand born model , who has also been in several movies .
Most of which you ’ve never heard of , unless you happen to be the sort of person who ’d watch a movie starring both Sisqo and Coolio .
She ’s enjoyed a lot more success modeling , with over 20 Vogue covers to her name .
Daniella Cicarelli
Daniella Cicarelli is ultra-famous just about everywhere besides the US .
She was engaged to soccer star Ronaldo , but the two split shortly after Cicarelli suffered a miscarriage .
Daniella later suffered scandal when a paparazzi taped her having sex on a beach with Merrill Lynch employee Renato “ Tato ” Malzoni .
The clip was such a big deal in Brazil that computer networks at the Brazilian stock exchange crashed when too many workers there tried to download the video concurrently .
Daniella sued YouTube and a bunch of other places , but lost , eventually having to pay out $ 10,000 to each defendant .
Naomi Campbell
Naomi Campbell has seemingly lost her mind in recent years , assaulting a maid with a gem encrusted telephone and later attacking a police officer at Heathrow Airport after losing a bag .
She ’s still pretty hot though .
Ana Hickman
Ana Hickman is probably the only Guinness World Record Holder on our list .
Although Guinness no longer features the category , Hickman at one time was listed as the “ model with the longest legs ” .
Her legs measure 48 ? of her total height of 73 ? ( hip to heel ) .
Nicole Trunfio
Nicole Trunfio is a reality TV show veteran , winning the Australian version of Search for a Supermodel .
The American version ( called Make Me A Supermodel ) debuts this year , and Trunfio will be mentoring the female contestants .
Chanel Iman
Chanel Iman is one of the youngest models on our list , but we think she ’s got a lot of upside and will be very famous in coming years .
Iman is just 19 but has already worked for many famous fashion lines and has appeared in advertising for Victoria ’s Secret and GAP .
Blanca Soto
Blanca Soto is from Mexico , and actually represented the country in the Miss World competition back in 1997 .
She appeared in this music video which won the CMA award in 2005 for “ Sexiest Video of the Year ” .
Stephanie Seymour
Stephanie Seymour has had a long and distinguished career , appearing on over 300 magazine covers .
She ’s worked for everyone you could imagine , appearing in the SI Swimsuit Issue numerous times and working for Victoria ’s Secret through the years .
She ’s also posed in Playboy on a couple of different occasions .
( Quick ! To Google Image Search ! )
Daniela Pestova
Daniela Pestova is a Czech model who quickly relocated to Paris and then New York when she was discovered .
She ’s a three time SI Swimsuit cover model , most recently appearing on the cover in 2006 .
Federica Fontana
Federica Fontana is actually more of a sports hostess than she is a model , but she ’s done enough modeling to make our list .
She ’s a fixture when it comes to Italian soccer .
I think MLS here in the US could stand to take a hint here .
Vanessa Lorenzo
Vanessa Lorenzo is a Spanish model who ’s been in everything from Cosmo to the SI Swimsuit edition .
She ’s actually relatively short for being a model , standing just 5'7 .
Sophie Howard
Sophie Howard is an English model , who is , let ’s be honest , best known for her large , natural breasts .
Her 32 F figure was voted “ Most Beautiful Breasts ” by Loaded magazine .
Howard started out a religious girl , belonging to the Salvation Army before becoming a stripper at the age of 17 .
Gregory House would be a bit perturbed with Sophie , as she was diagnosed with Lupus in college .
A lot of guys will love hearing about this :
Howard loves old Nintendo games and has two tattoos on her ankle , a standby switch and a Super Mario mushroom , to represent power and life .
Alice Panikian
Alice Panikian was born in Bulgaria but moved to Canada when she was five years old .
She represented Canada in the Miss Universe competiton in 2006 finishing sixth .
Zoe Duchesne
Zoe Duchesne is a Canadian probably best known for her work with Victoria ’s Secret , but she ’s also done extensive print work for Guess .
Noemie Lenoir
Noemie Lenoir is a Frenchwoman who was discovered by Ford Models when she was only 16 .
She ’s appeared in numerous fashion campaigns , and has dabbled in acting , appearing in Rush Hour 3 and After The Sunset .
Gemma Sykes
Gemma Sykes is a 22 year old from Australia that is still fairly unknown , but we are confident we ’ll be seeing her in plenty of things in the coming years .
At least we hope so .
Stacey Hayes
Stacey
Hayes is n’t just a model , she ’s also dabbled in competitive ice skating over the years .
She is British but grew up in Nebraska , and has appeared in numerous soap operas over the years .
She ’s also made appearances on Boston Legal and Las Vegas ( a show that was pretty model friendly to it ’s credit ) .
Oluchi Onweagba
Oluchi Onweagba is the most famous thing to come out of Nigeria since the 419 scam .
She entered modeling after winning a competition called Faces of Africa that a friend convinced her to enter .
She ’s become one of the most famous models in the world over the past ten years , and will be hosting the first season of West Africa ’s Top Model this year .
Yes , the show has spread that far .
Frankie Rayder
GQ once named Frankie Rayder the sexiest woman in the world , and it ’s not hard to see where they were coming from .
Rayder ’s done extensive work for Sports Illustrated and Victoria ’s Secret as well as numerous fashion designers .
Rayder grew up in River Falls , Wisconsin where she played on her high school basketball team .
Ana Beatriz Barros
Brazil features some of the hottest models on earth , and Ana Beatriz Barros is one of the hottest from that country .
Barros has worked for Guess , Bebe , Victoria ’s Secret , and Chanel , and she ’s appeared in the SI swimsuit edition an incredible seven times .
Helena Christensen
Helena Christensen is one of the original Victoria ’s Secret “ Angels ” .
Her career started when she represented her home country of Denmark in the 1986 Miss Universe competition .
She also starred in what is probably the hottest music video of all time .
Fernanda Tavares
Fernanda
Tavares began modeling at the age of 9 , won a contest at the age of 13 , and was signed by an agent at 14 .
She has worked for numerous designers , and she ’s currently a VJ for MTV Brazil .
Elle Macpherson
Elle Macpherson is one of the most famous models ever .
She appeared on a record five SI Swimsuit edition covers , and is said to be worth about $ 90 million by Forbes .
Macpherson has been working continuously since 1982 , recently signing a three year deal with Revlon .
Tricia Helfer
Tricia
Helfer is a former model these days .
She ’s probably better known for her role as Number 6 on the television show Battlestar Galactica .
Helfer hails from Canada , and got her lucky break by winning a Ford Models ’ Supermodels of the World modeling contest in 1992 .
Jessica Gomes
Jessica Gomes has one of the most unique heritages of anyone on this list .
She is Australian with Singaporean Chinese and Portuguese heritage .
She has been modeling since 1998 when she was 13 years old , and has worked for Levi ’s Jeans , DKNY , and Victoria ’s Secret .
Josie Maran
Joise Maran is an American model who has also had some success acting .
She has been in films such as The Aviator and Van Helsing , and she also appeared on Dancing With The Stars in 2007 , getting kicked off after just one episode .
Maran is a bit eccentric , claiming not to believe in marriage ( saying “ I do n’t believe in marriage .
I just do n’t think it ’s necessary in this day and age .
I just think if you need to get married , then you ’re already distrusting the person .
Why do you have to sign something to show your love ?
You just love , everyday ” ) , and also having her first child in the backyard of her home .
Not as an emergency or anything , that was the plan all along .
I ’m guessing that was a weird day for the neighbors .
Izabel Goulart
Izabel Goulart is yet another Brazilian model on our list .
She was a Victoria ’s Secret angel from 2005 - 2008 and now works for Armani Exchange .
Unbelievably the other children made fun of Goulart growing up , calling her “ Giraffe ” .
Her career got off to a rocky start with a wardrobe malfunction in her very first runway appearance , but she seems to have recovered pretty nicely .
Daniella Sarahyba
Daniella Sarahyba comes from modeling stock .
Her mother was also a model , and appeared with a three day old Daniella on the cover of Brazilian parenting magazine Pais & Filhos .
Sarahyba ’s career seems to just be ramping up ; she ’s appeared in every SI Swimsuit edition since 2005 .
Tyra Banks
Tyra Banks gets a lot of hate these days from guys who are irritated ( and defensibly so ) by her talk show , so it ’s easy to forget what a goddess she was back in the late 90’s and early 00’s .
She was the It girl when it came to Sports Illustrated Swimsuit editions , and I can remember her posters being positively iconic .
You ca n’t stay hot forever though , which is why I can’t blame Tyra for having other aspirations and moving on from being eye candy .
It definitely is irritating , but I prefer to remember her in her prime .
Molly Sims
Molly Sims is probably best known for her extensive work with Sports Illustrated , but she ’s also gained a small amount of fame recently for her work on the relatively short lived show Las Vegas .
Sims has also had roles in a number of films , including Yes , Man and The Benchwarmers .
Bar Rafaeli
Bar Rafaeli continues to prove that Leonardo DiCaprio is a lucky bastard .
She was the covergirl for this year ’s Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue .
Rafaeli has been modeling since she was eight months old , appearing in a baby commercial at that age .
Petra Nemcova
Petra Nemcova is easily one of the hottest models on earth , but lately her life has been full of tragedy .
She was stuck with her fiancee during the Thailand Tsunami in 2004 , which resulted in her fiancee being killed and Nemcova suffering severe injuries including a broken pelvis .
She has since started a charitable fund called The Happy Hearts Fund that helps children who are not receiving the essential help they need for healthy childhood development .
Adriana Lima
Adriana Lima is probably best known for her work with Victoria ’s Secret , having modeled for the company since 1999 .
Models.com recently named her the sexiest model in the world , but she ’ll have to settle for 17th on this list .
Still not too shabby .
Heidi Klum
Heidi Klum is probably one of the most famous women on Earth overall , not just among models .
The German model has been a superstar since the mid-90 ’s when she was a staple in Sports Illustrated ’s Swimsuit issues .
In 2004 she became the host , judge and executive producer of Project Runway , a massive hit for Bravo that involves fashion designers competing for a chance to show their work at New York Fashion Week and to launch their own clothing line .
Believe it or not , Project Runway actually recently won a Peabody Award , the first time a reality show was honored .
Raica Oliveira
Raica Oliveira is one of the top Brazilian models , working with every major fashion company including Dolce & Gabbana , Chanel , Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , Victoria ’s Secret , and Dior .
She is also the face of Avon .
Unfortunately she is opposed to posing nude , saying “ I could not pose nude .
Nothing against those who do , but I never felt right about it .
It ’s not something that would make me proud . ”
Selita Ebanks
Selita Ebanks is from the Cayman Islands , technically making her British .
She grew up extremely poor , even lacking money to buy shoes when she entered elementary school .
She later moved to America to attend NYU , but was spotted by a model scout at Six Flags .
She quickly signed and now primarily promotes Victoria ’s Secret .
Gemma Atkinson
Gemma Atkinson is a British lingerie and glamour model , as well as a television personality .
She has been in a few different movies and a bunch of reality shows , including the UK’s I ’m A Celebrity … Get Me Out of Here ! and Soapstar Superstar .
It seems the UK does a better job with their C level celebs than the US judging by Atkinson .
Aline Nakashima
Aline Nakashima is Brazilian - Japanese with some Portuguese tossed in .
She has appeared in the SI swimsuit issue a couple of times , and was discovered at the age of 17 when she attended a modeling tryout .
Miranda Kerr
Miranda Kerr is an Australian model , best known for her work as a Victoria ’s Secret Angel .
At age thirteen , Kerr entered and won a modeling competion put on by Dolly Magazine and Impulse .
Her shots in Dolly Magazine caused some controversy as some conservative outlets claimed the pictures of her in a bathing suit constituted child pornography .
Kerr is rumored to be engaged to Orlando Bloom .
Brooklyn Decker
Ohio ’s own , Brooklyn Decker just recently married tennis star Andy Roddick .
Decker was discovered in a shopping mall as a teenager , and eventually became best known for her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit edition appearances .
Yamila Diaz - Rahi
Diaz - Rahi is an Argentine model of Lebanese and Spanish descent .
She comes from a thoroughly middle class background ; her father was a doctor and her mother was a health care manager .
Yamila was studying Economics in Buenos Aires when she took a holiday in Uruguayand it was there she was discovered by a modeling scout and her career began .
Zhang Zilin
Zhang Zilin won Miss World 2007 and has since become a runway model in Paris and Berlin .
She sang during part of the 2008 Summer Olympics soundtrack .
Lucy Pinder
Lucy Pinder is another British glamour model .
She was voted as having “ the most beautiful all - natural pair in Britain ” by the Daily Star , with which it is hard to argue .
She ’s been on all kinds of goofy reality shows in the UK like Celebrity Big Brother and I ’m Famous and Frightened !.
If you ’re ever getting a lecture from a Brit about the US being a cultural wasteland this info will come in handy , as they really produce some crap over there .
For every brilliant show there seems to be five shows featuring a bunch of celebrities in silly situations .
Not that I would n’t watch Lucy Pinder in something … I ’m just saying .
Karolina Kurkova
Karolina Kurkova is a Czech model who is one of the famous Victoria ’s Secret Angels .
Kurková was named “ Model of the Year ” at the 2002 VH1 / Vogue Fashion Awards and has appeared on dozens of magazine covers worldwide .
Fun fact : Kurkova is apparently a pod person as she has no navel .
Photographers have to alter all of her shots to conceal this .
Elsa Benitez
Elsa Benitez began modeling in 1995 after winning a modeling contest in Costa Rica .
She moved to Mexico and eventually was featured on the cover of the 2001 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition .
Benitez is currently involved in a lawsuit against paparazzi who sold nude sunbathing pictures of her and sold them online .
So , you know , those are out there if you ’re so inclined .
Marissa Miller
Marissa Miller is a true fan favorite when it comes to the SI Swimsuit Issue .
Her 2008 cover was one of the most popular in recent memory , and led to her being named Maxim ’s hottest woman of 2008 .
That was the first time anyone ever debuted on the list at number one .
Keeley Hazell
Keeley Hazell rose to fame in 2004 , winning a “ Search for a Beach Babe ” Page 3 contest .
She has since branched out into all sorts of modeling , including videogame cover work .
In 2008 Keeley released a single called “ Voyeur ” .
Hazell is constantly featured on hottest women lists just like this one , usually landing consistently in the top 10 .
If you ’re a fan of a certain part of female anatomy Keeley really ca n’t be beat .
Gisele Bundchen
Gisele Bundchen has in the past few years become one of the most famous women in the world .
Her US profile has been raised significantly with her marriage to NFL QB Tom Brady .
Forbes named her the riches model in the world , and she ’s appeared on a hard to believe 500 + magazine covers .
Alessandra Ambrosio
Alessandra Ambrosio is n’t the most famous model ever ( she ’s not even the most famous model today ) , but we consider her to be the hottest model of all time .
She is a Victoria ’s Secret “ Angel ” and has appeared in People magazine ’s “ Most Beautiful People ” issue .
Ambrosio is friends with all sorts of models , including Adriana Lima , Ana Beatris Barros , and Gisele Bundchen , who loaned Ambrosio her apartment when she first moved to New York .
Alessandra is only 28 years old , so we ’ll be enjoying her for years to come , and I imagine it ’ll be awhile before someone takes her spot as our hottest model in the world .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Danish designer has created what he claims is the " world 's most expensive bicycle " .
Coated throughout with 24 - carat gold and studded with hundreds of Swarovski crystals , the bike is on sale for 80 - thousand euros .
The bike 's designer Bo Franch explains the thinking behind it , while Danish cyclists give their reaction .
From the ' Linux monetization strategy ' files :
Ubuntu
is well known as a freely available Linux distribution .
It could also
one day be your personal data synchronization system too .
That 's right
Ubuntu is expanding its business model with a new data sync / backup
service now in beta , called UbuntuOne .
The
first 2 GB of storage are free ( which is kinda of like EMC's Mozy
service ) , and then a 10 GB monthly storage plan is $ 10 US per month .
While
the idea of online storage sync is hardly a new one , it is a great idea
to have this available under the Ubuntu brand and as a fully
integratable Ubuntu LInux application ( PPA )
for backup sync .
I 've used a basic rsync across machines myself , but
UbuntuOne promises a web based interface to access files as well as
being able to provide syncronization across machines .
I have n't
actually tried out the service yet ( it 's invitation only and my invite has n't arrived yet ) .
While
some Ubuntu users ( moreso on the server side ) will pay canonical for
support , I suspect that Ubuntu 's path to profit on the desktop side
will come in part by way of UbuntuOne .
It 's a service that everyone
needs , the only question is whether or not Ubuntu users go with
UbuntuOne or do it themselves .
I have not seen any other Linux
distribution with a similar effort , though I would expect that Mozilla
will eventually do something similiar with its
Weave services backend .
UbuntuOne is n't just about browser data though it's about whatever
data�� a user wants to backup / sync .
Jul 14th 2020
More businesses are moving sales online to make up for lost revenue during the last few months .
That …
Published by Denise Mckenzie
Are you looking for the best health radar that you can wear around your wrist ?
Keeping track of blood pressure levels and heartbeat rate has become part of everyday life and a feat that only a few have been able to conquer .
It is 2020 , and you should have the best when it comes to … Read more
The regulatory plan is being put together ahead of the meeting of the Group of 20 industrialized and developing nations in London .
The meeting , which begins April 2 , is expected to be dominated by the global financial crisis and discussions about better oversight of large financial companies , whose problems could threaten to undermine international markets .
An important part of the plan still under debate is how to regulate the shadow banking system that Wall Street firms use to package and trade mortgage - backed securities , the so - called toxic assets held by many banks and blamed for the credit crisis .
Officials said the plan would also call for increasing the levels of capital that financial institutions need to hold to absorb possible losses .
In a sign of the economic system ’s fragility , officials said the administration would emphasize that those heightened standards should not be imposed now because they could discourage more lending .
Rather , they would be put in place after the economy began to rebound .
“ The argument some are making is that they do n’t want to be stepping on the gas pedal and the brake at the same time , ” said Morris Goldstein , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and a former top official at the International Monetary Fund .
Administration officials are also debating how tightly to supervise hedge funds .
A broad consensus has emerged among regulators and administration officials that hedge funds must be registered and more closely monitored , probably by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
But officials have not decided how much the funds will have to disclose about their investments and trading practices .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the regulatory plan was still being formulated and they did not want to upstage Mr. Obama or Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner , who will describe the plan when he appears before Congress on Thursday .
A central aspect of the plan , which has already been announced by the administration , would give the government greater authority to take over and resolve problems at large troubled companies not now regulated by Washington , like insurance companies and hedge funds .
That proposal would , for instance , make it easier for the government to cancel bonus contracts like those given to executives at the American International Group , which have stoked a political furor .
Under the proposal , the Treasury secretary would have the authority to seize and wind down a struggling institution after consulting with the president and upon the recommendation of two - thirds of the Federal Reserve board .
[ digg- reddit - me ] Because torture has played an insignificant role in American life until recently – and it ’s recent history is still somewhat shrouded in secrecy – the best arguments for and against torture are abstract .
The two sides of the debate tend to be simplified as these two competing scenarios :
[ Interior establishing shot ] Jack Bauer approaches terrorist with an menacing grimace on his face .
BAUER : Tell me where the ticking time bomb that will destroy a major American city is !
TERRORIST : Never !
BAUER : ( plunges a pen into the terrorist ’s knee )
Tell me !
TERRORIST : 415 Main Street , hidden in the basement under a tarp !
And on the other hand , there ’s Shep Smith on Fox News :
The arguments over whether or not we torture or whether or not it is effective are secondary .
The simple question to ask when we want to determine what is and is not torture is , “ What would we call the methods being used if they were being done by our enemies to our soldiers ? ”
If we would call it torture then , it is torture when we do it as well .
Questions of effectiveness are more complex – but in short , it seems that torture works very well – for some things .
It ’s effectiveness as a truth serum though does not seem high .
The heart of this debate though is not whether or not terrorism is effective – or whether or not we tortured – but :
Why should I care what was done to some evil fuck like Khalid Sheikh Mohammad who wants to kill me and killed thousands of Americans on September 11 ?
The main motivator of people ’s opposition to government action is because they can see it might happen to them .
Why did students oppose the draft ?
Because it might happen to them .
Why are citizens outraged over raising taxes ?
Because it will happen to them .
Why are people concerned about the Kelo decision ?
Because their homes might be taken from them .
Normally , a state will try to counter these concerns by ensuring that there is a fair and transparent process in place to prevent arbitrary actions by the government – in other words , to ensure that the law protects individuals .
But national security , under the Bush administration , was a lawless zone .
The president maintained he had the power to declare anyone a terrorist , imprison them without trial forever , and torture them .
He managed to do this without raising an outcry , without raising concerns that he might be coming after your family next because he did most of it in secret and because the people he went after were foreign , Muslim , Arab – in other words alien to most Americans .
It was harder then for many Americans – who did not have any Muslims or Arabs in their family – to identify with the Others being tortured even if they were later found to be innoccent of any crime and released .
This is certainly a failure of empathy – and a failure of Christian values – on the part of many Americans .
But even so , we should care if our government is torturing people – even if it only is torturing people it suspects of being terrorists .
Here ’s four reasons why you should care :
Because it might be you next .
Yes – the detainees seem different – but they always seem different at first .
Once the government expands its powers to torture and arbitrary arrest of a group of people suspected of one crime , it quickly expands from there .
Anti-terrorism statutes – though not as far as we know torture – have already been used against anti-war groups and teenagers writing violent fantasies .
the detainees seem different – but they always seem different at first .
Once the government expands its powers to torture and arbitrary arrest of a group of people suspected of one crime , it quickly expands from there .
Anti-terrorism statutes – though not as far as we know torture – have already been used against anti-war groups and teenagers writing violent fantasies .
Because it corrupts .
What a government does shapes the type of government it is and the society .
This is the basis for much of our politics – and the reason conservatives are so concerned about irresponsible government spending for example .
We can see how torture corrupted our national security apparatus – how it infected it like a virus .
Some of our top national security officials may be indicted as war criminals as a result of Ronald Reagan ’s Convention Against Torture .
False confessions are the inevitable result of torture – which is why our legal system , in the interests of justice , does not accept any evidence tainted by torture .
This raises all sorts of issues relating to the perpetrators of September 11 .
We may never be able to bring them to justice given our laws .
( This is one of the primary motivations behind Spain ’s Judge Garzon ’s attempt to go after torturers in America . )
At the same time , information elicited by torture led our intelligence agencies to believe that Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein were working together – and that Saddam was preparing to share his weapons of mass destruction with them .
This information has all been proved to be false .
So , our justice system and our national security apparatus are now in a bind as a result of these corruptions .
What a government does shapes the type of government it is and the society .
This is the basis for much of our politics – and the reason conservatives are so concerned about irresponsible government spending for example .
We can see how torture corrupted our national security apparatus – how it infected it like a virus .
Some of our top national security officials may be indicted as war criminals as a result of Ronald Reagan ’s Convention Against Torture .
False confessions are the inevitable result of torture – which is why our legal system , in the interests of justice , does not accept any evidence tainted by torture .
This raises all sorts of issues relating to the perpetrators of September 11 .
We may never be able to bring them to justice given our laws .
( This is one of the primary motivations behind Spain ’s Judge Garzon ’s attempt to go after torturers in America . )
At the same time , information elicited by torture led our intelligence agencies to believe that Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein were working together – and that Saddam was preparing to share his weapons of mass destruction with them .
This information has all been proved to be false .
So , our justice system and our national security apparatus are now in a bind as a result of these corruptions .
Because it is immoral and was done in your name .
I am of the opinion that much of morality is really the passed - on wisdom of our foreparents – the not always obvious principles that allowed them to thrive over generations .
In this way , the fact that torture is immoral has much to do with the way in which it corrupts .
Because it matters whether government officials follow the law .
Without the constraints of law , the power of the government is near absolute – and the government itself can easily become a far greater threat to the American way of life than the terrorists .
A people will never remain free if it preemptively surrenders its liberties out of fear .
One thing that has historically separated America from our enemies is that we were the ones who did not torture .
The British tortured American prisoners – but General Washington refused to allow the torture of the British prisoners ; when American soldiers were accused of torturing Filipinos during the brutal insurgency campaign during Teddy Roosevelt ’s term in office , Roosevelt himself made sure that the crimes were not covered up and the men accused were tried for their crimes .
The Communists and the Nazis were known to torture – but America did not – and because of this , when the American army was marching through Germany in the final days of World War II , the German army fled to us so they could surrender to ours .
When Ronald Reagan sought to demonstrate to the world our moral superiority over the Soviet Union , he pushed through the United Nations Ban on Torture .
There is a wisdom in this history – a wisdom passed down through generations of Americans – that held that there is something about America that does not allow it to condone torture .
That is why Captain Ian Fishback wrote that he was not willing to torture because he was not willing “ to give up even the smallest piece of the idea that is America . ”
It is why Senator John McCain proclaimed on the floor of the Senate that while our enemies do not deserve mercy , “ This is not about them .
This is about us . ”
I would be glad if something awful and painful befell the terrorists who wish us harm .
But we do not deserve to become a country that does that .
As a country , we are not judged by our faith alone – but by how we act .
We have now seen the corruption of our national security apparatus by a rather controlled and minimized authorization of torture .
So , why should anyone care that we tortured some evil fuck ?
Because by doing so we are endangering our way of life – the foundational principles and institutions that create our fragile system of democracy and checks and balances and laws constraining even the president him or herself .
Like Loading ...
Faith schools fail to improve standards and create " social sorting " of children along lines of class , ability and religion , researchers said yesterday .
Academics at the London School of Economics and the Institute of Education , both part of the University of London , found no proof that providing parents with the choice of a religious secondary school either raised results or helped drive up standards in other local schools .
The research suggests that government policies to promote a market in education - by promising parents a choice of school in the belief that the competition for children will improve standards - only create a more socially fragmented system .
The paper concludes that there is " significant evidence that religious schools are associated with higher levels of pupil sorting across schools , but no evidence that competition from faith schools raises area - wide pupil attainment " .
The study , seen by the Guardian , tracked 550,000 children in state secondaries in 2005 , looking at data on their school type , poverty indicators and exam results .
It will be presented at the Royal Economic Society annual conference in Guildford next week .
Anna Vignoles , co-author of the study , said : " If faith schools genuinely give parents a choice , what should happen is that with lots of faith schools there is more choice , competition with other schools and standards being driven up .
We did n't find that .
Even in areas with high proportions of children in faith schools , there is certainly no evidence that standards are higher . "
Although faith schools get better exam results , this is because the pupils who attend them had good test results at primary school and are from less disadvantaged backgrounds , measured by factors including whether they qualify for free school meals , say the researchers .
Around 17 % of state secondary schools in England have a religious denomination , but there is wide variation across the country .
In Westminster , nearly two - thirds are faith secondaries .
In contrast , Devon , Gloucestershire and Cornwall all have fewer than 5 % faith schools .
Rabbi Jonathan Romain , chair of Accord , a multi- faith coalition that campaigns against faith schools ' right to select pupils according to religion , said : " Religious discrimination is increasingly hard to justify and the government should not wait any longer before challenging it . "
A Church of England spokesman said : " The case for religious schools is not based on the idea of promoting competition between local schools , but rather on the basic right of parents to choose a school for their child that is underpinned by their own religious or philosophical beliefs . "
The schools minister , Jim Knight , said maintained faith schools played " a key role in delivering excellent , publicly - funded education in this country " .
Where would the world be without scientific studies ?
I think most would agree that some can be very informative , some not so informative and others are just plain silly and a waste of money .
The studies on this list are all rather unusual in nature , hopefully entertaining and each study was sourced at least twice on different websites .
Some here I believe do have some merit while others will fall into the questionable category and the results may need to be taken with a grain of salt .
The reason I have selected so many sexually oriented studies for this list is unknown and is perhaps worthy of another study .
10 Elephant Recognition
The Study : The Elephant Self - Recognition Study
Conducted By : New York ’s Wildlife Conservation Society
Three Asian elephants named Happy , Maxine , and Patty were observed by researchers after a large mirror was placed in the elephant ’s yard .
Happy was marked with a white X painted above her eye and a similar mark was made on the opposite side of her head in invisible paint of an identical smell and texture .
When Happy saw her image in the mirror she repeatedly brought her trunk to her own head to touch the white mark .
This is the ultimate test of self - recognition .
The Elephants also made repetitive movements in front of the mirror and apparently used it to inspect their body parts .
Maxine even put her trunk tip into her mouth and looked as though she was trying to study her mouth ’s interior .
Interesting Fact : Elephants have now joined apes and dolphins in being part of a small group of animals that are able to recognize themselves in the mirror .
9 Sheep Recognition
The Study : Sheep Recognizing Faces Study
The Babraham Institute investigated sheep ’s ability to distinguish and remember faces of both other sheep and humans .
The researchers trained the sheep to associate one of the pair with a food reward .
20 sheep were presented with pictures of 25 pairs of sheep faces .
They determined that the sheep could recognize the individuals associated with a reward even in profile .
The team further discovered that sheep can remember as many as 50 sheep faces in addition to a familiar human face for up to two years .
Interesting Fact : Scientists concluded that because sheep have such sophisticated facial recognition skills , they must have much greater social requirements than previously thought
8 Look - Alikes
The Study : Do Married Couples Start to Look Alike Study
Conducted By : Psychologist Robert Zajonc at the University of Michigan
For this study 110 participants were presented with random photographs of faces , and were instructed to match the men with the women who most closely resembled each other .
Two dozen of the photographs were of couples when first married and another two dozen were of the same couples 25 years later .
The judges were able to match husbands and wives far more often when the couples were older than when they were younger .
Interesting Fact :
The results could not be explained but there were some possible explanations .
The first was diet with the thinking that if both partners eat a high fat diet , their faces will both tend to look chubby .
Another explanation was environment such as sunshine that would affect the skin in similar ways .
A third explanation was predisposition with the idea that people are more likely to choose partners who will grow to look like them .
The most popular explanation was empathy .
People grow to look similar because they are empathizing with each other so the couple would copy each other ’s facial expressions .
Then over time because of all the empathizing , their faces come to look more similar .
7 Smart Hips
The Study : Curvy Hips Intelligent Study
Conducted By : The University of Pittsburgh and the University of California , Santa Barbara
Researchers looked at data from a study of more than 16,000 women and girls that detailed their body measurements , as well as their education level and scores on various cognitive tests .
The women were measured by their waist - to - hip ratio or WHR .
This is done by dividing your waist size by your hip size .
The report indicated that women with waists that were about 70 percent of the diameter of their hips scored slightly better on intelligence tests and tended to have a slightly higher level of education than women with a higher waist - to - hip ratio .
Also women with lower WHRs and their children had significantly higher cognitive test scores .
One theory is the amount of omega - 3 fatty acids in a woman ’s hips and thighs are a key indicator of her heart health .
It ’s also important for the health of her brain and the brain of any child she may bear .
Interesting Fact : Scientists call the study intriguing but say the differences in cognitive ability that the researchers found were somewhat small .
Because of this they think it would be a mistake to over interpret the findings that just because a woman has a curvy figure , she ’s smarter .
6 Women in Red
The Study : Are Women More Attractive in Red Study
Conducted By : The University of Rochester NY ,
This study wanted to test whether men have different attitudes towards women based on the color they are wearing .
In one experiment Psychologists asked : “ Imagine that you are going on a date with this woman and have $ 100 in your wallet .
How much would you be willing to spend on your date ? ”
Pictures of the exact same women were shown to men with different colors .
The woman wearing red was more likely to be treated to a more expensive date .
In all the experiments , women shown framed by or wearing red were rated significantly more attractive and sexually desirable by men than women in other colors .
Interesting Fact :
One of the theories to explain the outcome of the study was it could be due to deep biological roots because nonhuman male primates , such as baboons and chimpanzees , are known to be attracted to females displaying red .
5 Herring Gas
The Study : Do Herring Communicate by Passing Gas Study
Conducted By : Canada and Britain
Two teams carried out this research project .
One studied Pacific herring in Bamfield , British Columbia , while the other focused on Atlantic herring in Oban , Scotland .
It was discovered that the Atlantic and Pacific herring create a mysterious underwater noise .
It turns out that the high - frequency sound was created by releasing air from their anuses .
The noise was always accompanied by a fine stream of bubbles .
Researchers suspect herring hear the bubbles as they ’re expelled , helping the fish form protective shoals at night .
Interesting Fact : Researchers named the phenomenon Fast Repetitive Tick , which makes for a rather interesting acronym , FRT .
Scientists say unlike the human version , these FRTs are thought to bring the fish closer together .
4 Bouncing Bosom
The Study : Bra Support for Bouncing Breasts Study
Conducted By : University of Portsmouth , England
70 women were recruited including students at University of Portsmouth with bra sizes ranging from A - cup to extra-large ( DD , E , FF , G , H , HH , J and JJ ) .
Each woman walked , jogged and ran while wearing different bra types .
During the exercise , biomechanical measurements were taken of breast movement in three directions : up - and - down , side - to - side and in - and - out .
During walking exercise , the women ’s breasts moved relatively the same amount in all directions .
But when participants sped up to a jog or run , their breasts moved proportionally more in some directions than others :
The overall pattern of the movement resembled a figure - 8 .
The study showed A - cup women , wearing a sports bra reduced overall breast movement by 53 percent , compared with a 55 - percent reduction for G - cup women .
A pair of D - cup breasts weighs about 15 to 23 pounds ( 7 to 10 kilograms ) and had little support with ligaments and the skin doing most or all of the support work .
It was concluded that whether women are flat - chested or big - busted , ordinary bras fall short when it comes to supporting bouncing breasts .
Interesting Fact :
The momentum created by intense bouncing can stretch the breast ’s connective tissues , causing sagging and pain for many women .
An estimated 50 percent of women experience breast pain during exercise .
3 Fertility Sexiness
The Study : Do Women Walk Sexier When Fertile Study
Conducted By : Meghan Provosat Queens University , Canada
The idea behind this study was to determine whether women give subtle signals to men to advertise they are experiencing different levels of sex hormones .
The lead researcher Meghan Provost had expected a sexy hip - swinging walk to be one of those signals .
She analyzed the gait of female volunteers and their levels of sex hormones in their saliva .
She then showed video clips to 40 men asking them to rate the attractiveness of the way the women walked and then matched the results to the hormone tests .
The results were so surprising that she repeated the experiment again with another group of male viewers .
The researchers found those with alluring walks were the furthest away from ovulation and the women who were most fertile walked with fewer hip movements and with their knees closer together .
Interesting Fact :
It was suggested that during the most high hormonal time it is in a woman ’s best interests to form a closer attachment to one man to help raise children rather than to advertise her fertile time and be approached by a larger number of competing males .
Also a sexy walk would be too obvious , so women are thought to use changes in smell and facial expressions that can be experienced only at close range .
2 Sexy Shouting
The Study : Why Female Monkeys Shout During Sex Study
Conducted By : The German Primate Center in Göttingen
To investigate the purpose behind the female monkey ’s shouting calls , behavioral scientist and primatologists focused on Barbary macaques ( Old World monkey species ) for two years in a nature reserve in Gibraltar .
The researchers found that females yelled during 86 percent of all sexual encounters .
When females shouted , males ejaculated 59 percent of the time .
However , when females did not holler , males ejaculated less than 2 percent of the time .
To see if yelling resulted from how vigorous the sex was the scientists counted the number of pelvic thrusts males gave and timed when they happened .
They found when shouting occurred thrusting increased and led to more vigorous sex .
It was concluded that female monkeys may shout during sex to help their male partners climax .
Scientists found that without these yells male Barbary macaques almost never ejaculated .
The information on the study did not reveal how they were able to detect whether an ejaculation occurred but I guess its best to leave some things to the imagination .
Interesting Fact : Male and female Barbary macaques are promiscuous , often having sex with many partners .
The females shout when they are most fertile , so males can make the most use of their sperm .
1 Big Hands , Big Feet , Big …
The Study : Foot Size and Penile Length Study
Conducted By : The University College , London
In this study the researchers measured 104 men ’s feet and their penises .
Because there is no perfect way to measure a man ’s penis , they did what many other studies do that measure penis length .
The researchers stretched the penis with a defined amount of force to determine how long it can get .
This gives a pretty good indication of how long the penis would be when fully erect .
The result of this study , ( to the relief of all size seven shoe - wearing males ) was that there is no scientific support for the relationship between a man ’s shoe size and the length of his penis .
Interesting Fact :
In another study a group of Greek researchers measured height , weight , waist / hip ratio , finger length and penis length of fifty - two men , aged nineteen to thirty - eight .
They found that age and body characteristics were not associated with size of penis except for the “ index finger length , which correlated significantly with the dimensions of the flaccid , maximally stretched penis . ”
A similar study with 1500 men also found that length of index the finger was significantly correlated with penis dimensions .
Hillary Clinton and Mexican President Felipe Calderon met in Mexico City US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is pledging further effort to help Mexico in its anti-drugs campaign .
Mrs Clinton said the use of military - style assault weapons was a particular concern , and she would discuss reimposing a ban on their sale .
A previous US decision to lift a ban on such sales had been a mistake , she told the NBC television network .
Earlier on her visit she admitted that America 's appetite for drugs was helping to fuel the violence .
Some 8,000 people have died in drug - related violence in Mexico over the past two years .
' Insatiable ' Mrs Clinton said assault weapons did not belong on anyone 's street .
MEXICO : FAILED STATE ?
Enrique Krauze , historian and editor of Letras Libres , Mexico A widespread idea , especially in the US , is that Mexico is , or is on the verge of becoming , a " failed state " .
This is not only wrong but a caricature of reality .
It is true that Mexico has a serious problem now in the progress of the war , a just war , unleashed by the Calderon government against the well - armed , vicious and extremely wealthy drug lords of Mexico .
But Mexico is a country with very strong institutions , made even stronger by the birth of true democracy in 2000 , when the 70 - year one - party rule of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ended .
We 're a country that has overcome a number of serious crises : financial , governmental and electoral , and we have emerged stronger in every case because of our effective responses .
This war can only be won by reducing the range of the drug gangs and the flow of illegal guns from , and demand for drugs within , the US .
Mexico as a nation does not live in fear but we are deeply worried .
The country will not collapse but Mexico and the US have to work together on these problems .
There is no need for despair , but for action , in both countries .
A version of this commentary appeared in the New York Times .
Translation by Hank Heifetz
She was referring to a ban on the sale of such powerful guns which was in effect in the United Sates between 1994 and 2004 .
" During that time , " said Mrs Clinton , " police in America were able to drive down crime because they did n't have to worry about these assault weapons getting into the hands of criminals and gang members .
" So we will make the case that we need to put more teeth in the law , try to prohibit the sale outside of our borders of these guns , " she said , stressing that Congress might oppose such a ban .
On the first day of her visit , Mrs Clinton had said an " insatiable " US demand for illegal drugs was fuelling the drug trade .
" Our inability to prevent weapons from being illegally smuggled across the border to arm these criminals causes the deaths of police officers , soldiers and civilians .
" I feel very strongly we have a co-responsibility . "
She also acknowledged that US efforts to ban drugs had so far been unsuccessful in stopping the narcotics trade .
" Clearly , what we have been doing has not worked and it is unfair for our incapacity ... to be creating a situation where people are holding the Mexican government and people responsible , " she said .
Mrs Clinton said the Obama administration , working with the US Congress , intended to pledge $ 80 m ( £ 55 m ) to help Mexico buy Blackhawk helicopters .
" These aircraft will help Mexican police respond aggressively and successfully to the threats coming from the cartels , " she said .
Illegal guns Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mrs Clinton 's trip is the first in a series of visits by high - level officials , including Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Attorney General Eric Holder , before President Barack Obama himself visits Mexico in mid-April .
Ms Napolitano told the BBC on Wednesday that there had been a significant escalation of violence in Mexico , in part because of US efforts to clamp down on trafficking routes .
But , she said : " The most important thing is that the federal government of Mexico is now battling these cartels , and they were n't in the past .
And as a result the violence between the cartels and the government of Mexico has really increased . "
1 . Without states 2 . With states Without states With states Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted on June 3 , 2009 in Uncategorized
This weeks
Ho of the Week is Barack Obama for doing his best George W. impression by working with Senator Joe “ I maintain my life force by eating Palestinian babies ” Lieberman and Senator Lindsey “ I would still own slaves if they were n’t so damn expensive ” Graham to pass The Detainee Photographic Records Protection Act of 2009 .
The Detainee Photographic Records Protection
Act of 2009 will allow Obama or the Secretary of Defense to suppress any pictures during the War on Terrah ( September 11 , 2001 – January 22 , 2009 ) , even if the Freedom of Information Act requires the photographs be released .
The only condition is that they are judged to be detrimental to American interests ( civilian or military ) , with no ability to review the judgment .
As Greenwald summarizes :
Obama wants Congress to change FOIA by retroactively narrowing its disclosure requirements , prevent a legal ruling by the courts , and vest himself with brand new secrecy powers under the law which , just as a factual matter , not even George Bush sought for himself .
The Senate passed the bill as an amendment last week . …
The act literally has no purpose other than to allow the government to suppress any “ photograph taken between September 11 , 2001 and January 22 , 2009 relating to the treatment of individuals engaged , captured , or detained after September 11 , 2001 , by the Armed Forces of the United States in operations outside of the United States . ”
As long as the Defense Secretary certifies — with no review possible — that disclosure would “ endanger ” American citizens or our troops , then the photographs can be suppressed even if FOIA requires disclosure .
The certification lasts 3 years and can be renewed indefinitely .
What kind of a country passes a law that has no purpose other than to empower its leader to suppress evidence of the torture it inflicted on people ?
Changing the ‘ hearts and minds ’ of the Middle East , one electrocuted testicle at a time !
Update :
The bill was unanimously passed in the Senate last Friday and will not be voted on by the house because it was added on by Committee ( meaning it will become law without a vote ) .
[ Source ]
See Also : The Illusion Of Transparency , Torture : Obama , you can do better than that , Obama ’s support for the new Graham - Lieberman secrecy law , Obama ’s support for the new Graham - Lieberman secrecy law , Looking so long for these pictures of you , Death of the Republic , Part CLXVIII , What to do with the detainee photos ? , Washington vs. The Rule of Law , Transparency flip - flop on detainee photos , U.S. plans appeal on abuse photos , and The Torture Photos : Obama ’s Six -Step Sidestep .
[ tags ] barack obama , ho of the week , joe lieberman , lindsay graham , Detainee Photographic Records Protection
Act of 2009 , freedom of information act , FOIA , senate bill , release of torture photos , photographs , department of defense , this change is pathetic and mediocre , did bill clinton morph into that amiable black guy who lives in the white house ? [ / tags ]
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
A defiant and chaotic protest sprouted in and around a public square Monday despite a warning by Iran 's Revolutionary Guard against the kind of street demonstrations that have roiled Iran for more than a week , witnesses said .
Security forces patrol the streets of Tehran on Monday .
more photos »
Thousands of Iranians congregated and passed through Haft-e Tir Square , but riot police and the pro-government Basij militia confronted them and smacked their batons against their shin guards , making loud cracking sounds that seemed like gunshots , the witnesses said .
As the protests continued , an election official with the Interior Ministry said the " box - by - box details " of the ballots -- which were confidential in previous elections -- would be released in response to claims that the election was rigged , Press TV reported .
Iran 's Guardian Council declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner of the election with 62.63 percent of the vote .
His closest rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , received 33.75 percent , surprising many experts who expected him to win .
Iranians have continued protesting the results by taking to the streets .
Most stores around the square were closed as the unrest reverberated , with some guarding against damage by erecting steel fences on their windows .
Helicopters hovered overhead as the security forces wielded batons and used a spray to push the crowd out of the square .
After that , police chased down demonstrators in nearby alleys and streets , with protesters and lawmen playing cat and mouse over several tension - filled hours until the crowd began to thin out around dusk .
There were isolated face - offs and quarrels that broke out between demonstrators and the riot police and the Basij militia -- a volunteer paramilitary force that takes orders from the Revolutionary Guard , a military unit under the direct control of Iran 's supreme leader .
There were no reports of serious injuries , but there were at least eight arrests , witnesses said .
" Thirty years after the revolution , this is what we get , " one man said dejectedly , watching the noisy and chaotic scene as he remembered the birth and the promise of Iran 's Islamic revolution in 1979 .
The location was the spot where a vigil was to be held in memory of Neda , a young woman who became a symbol for the opposition after her death was caught on camera .
While Internet postings on Twitter , Facebook and an Iranian opposition leader 's Web site had mentioned a possible rally , it was unclear whether people who were at the square were there for a vigil .
Some people were clad in black , a symbol of mourning , but placards and banners about Neda and candles have not been seen .
However , security forces and demonstrators appeared at the square at the time the vigil was to be held .
Watch how women are on front line of protests »
Meanwhile , a message on opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi's Facebook page , which could not be authenticated , called for a peaceful demonstration in Tehran on Thursday to honor the dead .
" We are waiting for the route of the march to be announced as well as the location of the sit - in , " the message said .
" Presently the mausoleum of the founder of the Islamic Republic seems to be the safest place for the sit-in , so that we can mourn for our martyrs in a place that is close to the spirit of that free man .
Demonstrators Monday had brushed off a warning from the Revolutionary Guard that people who " disturb the peace and stand up to security forces " would be met with a strong response .
The state - run Islamic Republic News Agency quoted the Revolutionary Guard as saying " the guardians of the Islamic revolution and the courageous Basiji together with the security forces following the orders of the supreme leader and following him unquestioningly . "
It said the authorities " are determined to act strongly to return peace and tranquility to society ... and to clean the country of these plotters and hooligans . "
Iran 's Revolutionary Guard is directly under the control of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and enforces the government 's Islamic codes and morality .
With more than 200,000 members , it is tasked with overseeing the country 's crucial interests , including guarding its oil fields and missile arsenals .
The regime 's lawmakers called for a review of ties with Britain amid concerns over so - called Western " meddling " in the country 's daily unrest .
The government - funded Press TV reported that Iranian lawmakers were calling for a review of the country 's ties with Britain because of its " interference in Iran 's recent post- election unrest . "
Britain's Foreign Office announced Monday it is withdrawing the family members of its embassy staff from Iran until the situation there improves .
News coverage in Iran has been limited by government restrictions on international journalists .
On Sunday , the BBC said Iran had expelled Jon Leyne , the British network 's permanent correspondent in Tehran .
Al - Arabiya , a Dubai - based Arab satellite network , said its Tehran bureau was ordered closed .
At least 19 people were killed in clashes in Tehran on Saturday as Iranians took to the streets to protest the results of the June 12 presidential election , according to hospital sources .
Iranian - funded Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities , while unconfirmed reports put the number as high as 150 .
Tehran 's prosecutor general 's office said it has launched an investigation into the killings .
Watch one woman 's account of clashes with security forces »
The station also said police arrested 457 people Saturday who vandalized property .
See images of the clashes Saturday »
Moussavi has called on Iranians to " exercise self - control , " while still supporting their right to demonstrate , a statement attributed to Moussavi said late Sunday on the candidate 's Web site , Ghalam news .
CNN has not been able to verify the authenticity of the site .
Watch Iran 's former crown prince call election a " fraud " »
On Monday , the site was intermittently inaccessible , but said at one point that Moussavi had met with a group of clerics in the city of Ghom on Monday morning to discuss current events .
A spokesman for the Guardian Council told state television that Wednesday is the last day it can recount the votes disputed by candidates .
All About Ayatollah Ali Khamenei • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Iran • Facebook Inc .
Here it is , complete with a screenshot of the article before it was deleted :
I have no idea what the Norwegian Finance Minister 's position is on Jews / Israel / anything else , but the article is getting quite a bit of press in Norway so I thought I 'd translate part of it .
Den israelske avisa Jerusalem
Post har nå fjernet en artikkel fra sine nettsider hvor finansminister Kristin Halvorsen blir beskyldt for å ha ledet en marsj og ropt « Død over jødene ! » .
Hvis man nå klikker seg inn på linken til den opprinnelige artikkelen , finner man et tomt dokument under overskriften « Article content not available » - « Artikkelinnhold ikke tilgjengelig » .
I den omtalte artikkelen , som ble publisert i dag , skrev Jerusalem Post at antisemittismen og anti-israelske følelser har eksplodert i Norge .
Det stadig voksende hatet mot Israel og jødene er drevet av norsk media og og den intellektuelle eliten , het det .
Dagbladet .
no snakket tidligere i dag med journalisten bak artikkelen .
- Alt jeg har skrevet er riktig .
Jeg har fått informasjonen fra flere kilder .
Fra Israel - Wat , fra Manfred Gerstenfeld og Imre Hercz .
Men jeg vil ikke at du siterer meg på noen ting , uttalte journalisten som har skrevet saken , Maya Spitzer , til Dagbladet.no .
Den norske holocaust - overlevende jøden Imre Hercz er på ingen måte komfortabel med artikkelen .
- Artikkelen er helt gal og jeg er forferdet .
Jeg snakket med journalisten lenge , i to omganger , og jeg sa det stikk motsatte .... "
Hercz skriver nå på et motsvar som han vil ha trykket i Jerusalem Post .
Innlegget skal etter planen sendes avisa i morgen .
Kristin Halvorsen er på privat reise og er derfor ikke tilgjengelig for kommentar .
Utenriksdepartementet sier til Dagbladet .no at artikkelen i Jerusalem Post er « meget feilaktig » .
Edit a few hours later : the article was published again with a few changes
Nå har Jerusalem Posts nettutgave trykket et bilde av finansminister Kristin Halvorsen .
Men - nå har de fjernet informasjonen om at hun ropte « død over jødene » :
Now the Jerusalem Post 's site has published a picture of Finance Minister Kristin Halvorsen , but it has now removed the information that she yelled " death to the Jews " :
« En rekke offisielle representanter for regjeringen snakket nedsettende om Israels handlinger i Gaza - inkludert finansminister Kristin Halvorsen , som ledet marsjen mot operasjonen , hvor « Død over jødene » ble hørt » , skriver Jerusalem Post i dag .
" A number of official representatives of the government said derogatory things on Israel 's actions in Gaza - including Finance Minister Kristin Halvorsen , who led the march against the overation , where " Death to the Jews " was heard " , wrote the Jerusalem Post today .
The party also released the following statement here in English :
Kristin Halvorsen participated in a demonstration for peace in Gaza on January 8th this year .
There were no anti-Jewish slogans during the event what so ever , as The Jerusalem Post alleges .
There were appeals for inter-religious coexistence and peace , calling on Israel to stop the war on Gaza .
The demonstration lasted for about an hour , and was a dignified and peaceful event .
A splinter - group continued a march towards the Israeli embassy afterwards .
This was not a part of the official demonstration , and Kristin Halvorsen did not join this rally .
She publicly denounced the violent outbreak that occurred in the aftermath of the peace demonstration .
The Israeli newspaper Jerusalem Post has now deleted an article from its site where Finance Minister Kristin Halvorsen is accused of having led a march and shouting " Death to the Jews !
" When you click on the link to the original article there is a blank document with the heading " Article content not available " .
In the mentioned article which which was published today , the Jerusalem Post wrote that anti-semitism and anti-Israeli feelings have exploded in Norway , and that the growing hatred towards Israel and Jews is being driven by the Norwegian media and the intellectual elite .
Next paragraph is a translation of the screenshot above , so skipping ahead ... Dagbladet .
no spoke earlier today with the journalist behind the article .
" Everything I 've written is correct .
I have received information from various sources .
From Israel - Wat , from Manfred Gerstenfeld and Imre Hercz .
But I do n't want you to quote me on aything " , said the journalist who has written the article , Maya Spitzer , to Dagbladet.no .
The Norwegian Jewish holocaust survivor Imre Hercz is not at all comfortable with the article .
" The article is completely wrong and I am horrified .
I spoke twice for a long time with the journalist , and I said the opposite is true ...
" Hercz is now writing a response that he will have published in the Jerusalem Post , which is planned to be sent to the newspaper tomorrow .
Kristin Halvorsen is on vacation and therefore not available for comment .
The Foreign Ministry said to Dagbladet .
no that the article in the Jerusalem Post is " highly mistaken " .
Number of comments below the article thus far : 258 .
Yikes .
LIPSTICK ON A PIG : US health authorities may begin using a different name for swine flu to allay fears that it is spread through pork .
US officials may abandon the term swine flu , for fear it 's confusing people into thinking they could catch it from pork – which is flat - out wrong .
" We 're discussing , is there a better way to describe this that would not lead to inappropriate actions on people 's part ? " said Dr Richard Besser , acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
" In the public , we 've been seeing a fair amount of misconception .
. . and that 's not helpful . "
CDC scientists discovered the never - before - seen strain of influenza , a mix of pig , human and bird viruses – and while scientifically it's part of the Type A / H1N1 family of influenza , they shortened the name to new swine flu .
Immediately , US officials rushed to assure people that it 's impossible to get pig strains of influenza from food .
But by last weekend , China , Russia and Ukraine were banning imports of pork from Mexico and certain US states , and other governments were increasing screening of pork imports .
Then came name complaints from abroad .
Israeli officials on Monday suggested renaming it Mexican flu , saying the reference to pigs is offensive to Muslim and Jewish sensitivities over pork .
While the biggest outbreak and most serious illness so far is in Mexico , scientists do n't yet have proof that 's where the new virus originated .
Naming flu , in fact , has a problematic history .
The infamous 1918 pandemic was first called the Spanish flu , although scientists today all agree it did n't start there .
It may have started in the United States .
What to call the novel swine flu now ?
CDC's
Besser told reporters that the government has n't decided yet on a change .
But a Department of Homeland Security notice suggested the boring scientific route : " The current influenza situation should be referred to as H1N1 Flu Outbreak . "
But a change would be hard , not just because " new swine flu " has entered the public lexicon .
Even official health - advice Web addresses use it : www.cdc.gov/swineflu.
Still , at the Agriculture Department , Secretary Tom Vilsack pushed a change , saying the American hog industry is sound ; there are no known sick US pigs .
" We have no indication that any swine from the United States has been infected , " Vilsack said .
" We are open for business .
We believe that there is no reason to stop or ban pork or pork products from the United States . "
For the pork purveyors and hog farmers who make up the nation 's US $ 15 billion ( NZ $ 27.28 billion ) pork industry , the flu's name has been a disaster .
Hog prices are already dropping as financial markets worry people will have second thoughts about buying pork .
" It 's killing our markets , " said Francis Gilmore , 72 , who runs a 600 - hog operation in Perry , outside Des Moines , Iowa , and worries his small business could be ruined by the crisis .
" Where they got the name , I just do n't know . "
As I was making my daily rounds the other day on Facebook the status of one of my friends caught my eye .
Because Facebook and especially statuses are incredibly bad places to hold sensible debates I have decided to post the comments that occured after that .
If it is hard to follow I am sorry , but I truly hope that the participants might join in and begin commenting here in order to continue hashing this out …now that we have Intense Debate installed at RagingRev these sorts of things should be MUCH easier to facilitate .
note ! :
I am changing the names of anyone that may not want to be identified …
Just stuff I am making up
as you can see , it ’s long , but I hope it will be worth it and I truly hope those involved will join in on the comments .
Note also that I did remove a small side conversation and one other part but they were not important …we are at over 5000 words here .
Here is what it said :
Erich ’s Status : It ’s Atheist Day !
( The fool says in his heart , “ There is no God . ” )
Bill says :
I am an atheist , but I am not a fool .
Your statement is exactly backwards , because who is the bigger fool ?
One who uses logic and reason to define their way , or one who blindly believes in superstition , ( faith ) ?
Now , I do n’t go around calling all of my religious friends “ fools , ” but you seem to have no problem dishing out such an insult .
Erich retorts :
I did not mean to offend , but the Scripture teaches it is foolish not to believe in God.
Furthermore , on what basis do you assume logic and reason are accurate means by which to determine truth ?
That is as much of a presupposition ( or “ superstition ” ) as is faith .
Everyone starts with basic presuppositions .
Mine happen to lie in the belief in an ultimate reality that exists outside of man and which can explain man ’s existence and why his logic and reason work .
The presuppositions of an atheist cannot give him an explanation of why reason and logic even work , he merely assumes that they do .
Not only that , if there is no God , there can be no right or wrong , only the whims of the powerful ; survival of the fittest – might makes right .
That wo n’t work .
Finally , it is very different to blindly believe in superstition ( such as , do n’t walk under a ladder ) rather than to look beyond the physical world for an explanation of the physical world .
Those are two different things .
I Chime in :
Matthew 5:22
“ Whosoever shall say Thou fool , shall be in danger of hellfire ” .
Put a sombrero on the ground and start running around in circles because thats where this is headed .
http://ragingrev.com/2009/03/23/psalm-14-godless-bunch-of-fools/
Bill says :
This scripture you refer to was created in a time before science .
If you look at human history , the main groundwork of Christianity was set in a time before science really came about .
Therefore , there is no science in Christianity .
Is n’t it just safe to say that we can move on from such beliefs now that we know much more about existence ?
Sure , the big questions have n’t really been answered , but I might as well believe in the flying spaghetti monster as I would Jesus Christ , because in all actuality there is no scientific evidence that such a man even existed in the first place , let alone performed magic tricks and ascended into heaven .
Me again :
That reason and logic work is not actually a presupposition that most Atheists hold , that the Scientific theory is valid is more like what we may have , but certainly not logic and reason , as logic and reason are obviously flawed across the spectrum of humanity .
Atheism is only foolish to those afraid to imagine a life without a creator and a loving god , or an existence without the threat of hell or the reward of heaven .
It is odd that religion relies on the most base of our instincts and emotions , almost as if it were developed to exploit those things …
Fear based evangelism is by far the most successful way to bring about conversion , then comes shame / guilt / or a manipulation of love , Me thinks it is far too convenient .
Bill again :
And the thing is that religion would n’t have gotten as far as it has without indocrination .
If all parents and other adults waited until their children were grown to introduce to them the concept of religion , then ole ’
Jesus might just be a footnote in history or the equivalent to a cult today .
But no , instead parents instill this belief system in their children ’s minds and of course they grow up thinking that it ’s the utter truth .
And Erich , you can have morals and be a good person without believing in the invisible man upstairs .
Besides , the Bible teaches a lot of things that are not good , in fact , far from it .
Dawn proclaims :
Eric please refute these two guys and tell them in the name of Jesus we are praying for them .
Bill again :
Dawn , I know you mean well , but it is actually impossible for Erich to refute us in any way that would satisfy someone with a respect for reasonable debate .
You can sell this ivisible product to people using the idea of faith , but you ca n’t win an argument with someone who does n’t buy into it .
It ’s like going to a sword fight with a butter knife .
Maybe you both should think about this : Religion can do some good on this Earth and it does in some ways , but it also does a lot of damage .
How many people throughout history have died in the name of God ?
Answer : A sh*tload .
Dawn replies :
I understand your frustration with the gospel .
I would offer a book for you to read–A Case for Christ by Lee Strobel and refute the scientific facts there .
I will continue to pray for you with all my heart and soul .
If you want to truly see God at work I challenge you to join me in my mission work in Haiti .
I know lots of people died for the gospel .
I died to myself when I accepted Christ as my Savior .
I would challenge you to research and see for yourself .
I know without a doubt Christ lives and I have a hope of tomorrow .
There is peace and joy like you never imagined in serving God .
Try it you may like it .
Keeping you always in prayer .
Matt , I challenge you to read Lee Strobel ’s book a Case for Christ , then refute Erich ’s comments .
I will continue to keep both of you in my prayers .
I am sure I have oversteepd my boundaries Erich I apologize , but I am sure your friends will find if they are willing and up to the challenge to read this book .
He was also an atheist as well as CS Lewis .
Read some of his literature also
I reply to Dawn :
Dawn , you are twisting our frustrations to fit with your worldview .
It is n’t the “ gospel ” that is the main subject of this “ offense ” .
As silly as the gospel sounds from the outside , a simple look at the Bible before anyone heard of the Gospel is enough to make a sailor blush .
The gospel offends my sensibilities , not my morals , the old testament handles that part quite well .
I commend you for your work in Haiti , assuming you put less focus on proselytizing and more on helping people with things that they really need … food , water , homes , information etc
…
If you allow these individuals to continue living with no improved condition yet call it some sort of mission you are providing them with a false and invisible hope when that is nothing near what they need .
I will always respect those that give their time to help others and I hope you fall in the former category .
That would be rather offensive otherwise .
I died to self once too
Bill again :
There is no doubt in my mind that you believe in what you do truly , and that your intentions are very good .
I ’m sure also that your mission work is bringing some good to Haiti , ( besides the dogma ) , because I know people that have worked on missions , ( in their case it was with the church of Mormon ) , and I admire them and you greatly for passionately doing something that is not easy and does some good .
However , this does not change my beliefs .
Until there is tangible proof that Jesus Christ walked this earth and all that the Bible says is true , then I will not believe .
And Matt and I both know that this day will almost certainly not come .
On another note , I was a devout Christian for a lot of my childhood and it brought me nothing but grief .
It took me a long time to shake those indoctrinated beliefs but I ’m glad that I did , because I am a better person for it .
Me again :
Dawn , regarding Lee Strobel .
Lee was an Agnostic … not an Atheist .
I have skimmed over the books he has written with not even a touch of real evidence … anecdotes and “ expert testimony ” aside , there is nothing within his books that prove that God exists or that Jesus was deity .
I will go through them again in case I missed it or perhaps you can point me to something that I may have missed .
I have a challenge for you as well , and that is to go to my website or friend me here on facebook and I will provide that challenge to you .
I can be found @ http://ragingrev.com and I am always open to discussion of this nature Know that I Have lived the Gospel , I have been gods bondservant - yet under the slightest criticism that god and his book began to crumble and I came out of that experience a freer person than I was before .
Bill again :
Matt makes a good point , mission work has to give needy people things that will help them survive , not just instill false hope in them .
I hope that your mission is including some direct assistance there .
Dawn :
Please read the book I suggested .
I think you will see differently .
Thanks for the compliment on missions .
It does fill a place in my life .
I will not comment on anything again , just please read the book .
Lee was also an atheist who researched his wife ’s beliefs to prove her wrong , you might be suprised at what you find .
I Reply :
Too bad 🙁
I will do my part , I hope you will do yours as well .
It would n’t be fair for me to answer your challenge while you get off easy now would it ?
Like i said though , I ’ve been there …I know the Bible far better than at least 95 % of Christendom , both from a literalist and fundamentalist point of view as well as the point of view of a skeptic , I highly doubt that you , Erich , or Lee Strobel can possibly say anything to change my inability to believe .
At this point it really is n’t even my choice
Dawn closes :
Matt , please read the entire book and i think you will find differently .
I will not comment on anything again .
I will continue to pray for you both .
My mission includes medical , dental , construction as well as water projects and taking the gospel into other areas .
I will continue to do this as long as I live .
I believe this is a calling in my life .
I will close with this - understanding is the reward of faith .
Therefore seek not understanding that thou mayest believe , but believe that thou mayest understand .
Logan comes up to bat :
Bill – “ a time before science ” – what does that mean ?
Erich joines us after a lengthy absense :
Sorry I was away at work and missed all the fun stuff .
I was n’t trying to dodge the arguments , only trying to get a paycheck .
The summation of the whole matter , from my perspective , is this : Everyone relies on presuppositions as foundational to everything they believe .
It is impossible to operate without them .
Matt , you point out that logic and reason are flawed .
I agree with you , but how did you arrive at that conclusion ?
Was it through experience ?
If so , then how can you trust your experience ?
You indicate that you once had experiences you trusted ( related to God ) , that you now reject .
So experience is not an absolute tutor , since it also leads people astray .
How , then , can we know anything ?
Obviously , there must be presuppositions on which we base our understanding of reality .
My presuppositions are simple : God exists , and he has revealed himself to us
I respond :
I will correct Bill for you Logan , A Time before we were at our current understanding of science … which is ever evolving .
There were of course scientistst in these days , but it was limited greatly by the religious institutions of whatever given era we refer to .
Galileo died because he defended sound science that we now know is true–why ? , because the Bible did not support the idea .
That is what Bill is referring to or if I am wrong he can surely correct me
Erich again :
Let ’s take morality …
If God does n’t exist , why is it wrong for me to kill my neighbor and take his wife as my own ?
How is it wrong to spread my genetic material to as many women as possible ?
If there be no God , there is no good or evil , only the whims of whomever be in charge , whether despots or democracies .
Jay chimes in now :
I agree with Erich ’s main point and wish to add the following :
If man came about as a result of random mutation and chance evolution ; then we came about through irrational forces that were not working intentionally ( i.e. , with a purpose in mind ) .
If that is true , then where do our rational minds come from and can we trust them ?
If we do not trust the accuracy of irrational thought , then why do we trust our rational minds which were created by irrational forces …
An atheist is forced to concede that his own mind cannot be trusted and therefore is left with the fact that his own through are meaningless .
Erich Responds to Bill :
Now Bill , to answer your point about Christianity being based in a time before science , I ’m not sure that ’s accurate .
Science is not just what you learn in biology or chemistry ; science is the obtaining of knowledge .
While there was no practice of the modern Scientific
Theory , there was careful scholarship in many disciplines as far back as the ancient Egyptians , which predates not only Jesus , but also Moses .
Look at the pyramids !
As for the claim that there is no historical proof for Jesus , that ’s a bold assertion .
Especially when you consider that there is stronger historical evidence for the existence of the man Jesus of Nazareth than there is for either Plato , Socrates , Homer , or even William Shakespeare !
What proof do we have of William Shakespeare ?
No birth certificate , no baptismal record , no death certificate , no tomb , no bones , only his works and a few eyewitnesses .
We have far more evidence for Jesus .
Consider : Many people who were against Christianity from the beginning wrote about Jesus .
All before AD 100 Pliny wrote about him in the Epistles , Suetonius in The Lives of the Twelve Caesars , Josephus in Antiquities , Tactus in Annals , and he is mentioned several times in the Jewish Talmud .
All of these were written by people who were not Christians so why would they lie about it ?
Sure they often had a different view of Jesus as much of the time they were completely against him but they do say he was a revolutionist with crazy ideas who died by the cross .
The Talmud even includes that he was guilty of witchcraft ( miracles ) .
This is to say nothing of the thousands of Christians who were killed by the Romans for refusal to renounce belief in him , within thirty years of his death .
History records this more certainly than it does the life of Leonardo da Vinci .
Jesus was the most influential person to have ever lived .
He is the most written about and talked about person to have ever lived .
I Respond to Jay and Erich :
@ Erich .
I have dealt with morality a few times already on my blog .
Morality and God are not mutually exclusive : http://ragingrev.com/2009/01/14/atheists-morality-rehashed/
http://ragingrev.com/2008/12/21/robert-asks-on-the-morality-of-god/
http://ragingrev.com/2008/12/16/morality-and-god/
http://ragingrev.com/2008/11/15/atheist-experience-on-the-morality-of-god/
@Jay : Random Chance ?
Care to define that ?
@ Erich again ( Regarding the argument about Christs Existence ) : I ’d love to know how any of this confirms the Deity of Christ , a cardinal doctrine in “ orthodoxy ” , or much less that man required a savior for any reason !
the whole premise of religion needs to be examined , not just the existence of ONE LATE messiah archetype
Jay again :
@ Matt :
You do n’t believe in random chance evolution ?
The theory of mutation ?
Do you believe in purposeful evolution ?
I respond :
Mutation perhaps , is random , purpose is found later through natural selection .
Evolution occurs because of a need in my understanding , mutation itself is random … but bad mutation will not produce good results … thats how it works , millions of mutations occur and only a few promote greater survival rates in the species .
Trev gets involved :
Here we go again : some more Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens acolytes .
Bill is just flat out insulting when he attempts to place the Christian God in the same category as the “ flying spaghetti monster . ”
Do these kind of caricatures and straw men contribute anything to the discussion ?
Since both of these atheists appeal to the laws of logic , I would be interested in knowing how either can account for them .
The problem with demanding tangible proof for the existence of God is that such a request assumes that all questions are answered in the same way .
Scientific knowledge is not the only knowledge even though Bill and Matt seem convinced that it is .
I would ask them : how do they know that ?
Did they empirically verify the belief that only empirically verifiable statements are legitimate ?
What is even more startling is both these men probably still kiss their wives / girlfriends / mothers and set their alarm clocks at night .
The atheist is a mass of contradictions .
I reply :
@ Trev , I am sorry but since Spiritual knowledge , or whatever knowledge you are trying to point to is not measurable it is going to be difficult to bring into an argument of this nature … to do so feels to me like a cop-out .
I wo n’t argue for their being invalid , as I relied on faith for the majority of my short life , but right here and right now it just does n’t feel relevant .
Of course it is to one that depends on it and that I respect , you ca n’t very well deny that which you know spiritually unless you are willing to challenge your own perception , and trust me friend , that is a difficult and painful thing to endure .
Jay again :
@ Matt : How can natural selection breed “ purpose ” .
Also , please elaborate on “ Evolution occurs because of a need in my understanding ” .
Natural selection can only explain that some things survive and others do not , it cannot explain purpose or meet any need in understanding .
I have a question for you ,
If you were walking down the road and say a cluster of stones that spell out “ Hi Matt . ”
Would you assume this happened by random chance or that an intelligent being placed it there ?
If random chance created it , then would you still believe the message
I respond once again :
@ Jay ,
Let me clarify , I believe i made a poor choice of words here , sorry about that .
Evolution occurs as a result of mutations being beneficial to a species … which fulfills the need to survive for that species which is the very reason why it actually works - it is the very definition of natural selection .
If i happened upon said stones I would assume that an intelligent being put it there , indeed i would , why ?
because I have seen men spell out things with stones and have yet to see anything other than human beings do this thing , it is still a logical fallacy to assume that GOD must have done something because it is so complex that we cannot understand it .
Random chance is not likely creating these things , that is the problem I am having with your use of the term Random Chance … Random CHance is assuming that life could not have happened outside of the sequence of events that it did … this too is untrue as many of the variables for life can be interchanged yet produce life
Bill comes back :
You know , you can say what you want about the idea that maybe all of what we know was created by some being and that it was n’t chance , but what does that have to do with Jesus Christ ?
And Erich , there is no tangible evidence that Jesus Christ existed as a man , much less a spiritual being .
If you ’re so certain of this side of the argument , then emaybe you can list some of the evidence that ’s out there .
Tell me what has been found and no , scripture and such hearsay do not count .
It has to be scientific .
Also , about the science comment earlier : I was simply saying that the way we view science today , involving the scientific method , did not exist back when the scriptures were actually being written .
Earlier you said this , Erich : “ Furthermore , on what basis do you assume logic and reason are accurate means by which to determine truth ? ”
Erich , it ’s very difficult to have a reasonable discussion to someone who would argue such a point .
This statement is utterly absurd and it kind of taints everything else that you have to say on the matter .
And Trev , nice vocabulary but some of those statements just do n’t make sense .
Erich responds :
Bill , I think it is absolutely legitimate to question how we can be sure logic and reason are the best means by which to determine truth .
Let me elaborate :
We use logic and reason to construct arguments and to make theories and examine our conclusions , etc .
But , how can we be certain they do n’t actually lead us astray ?
Who ’s to say that logic and reason are infallible tools ?
250 years ago , doctors used their logic and their reason to deduce that using leeches on patients with sicknesses would cure them .
So , you see , merely using logic and reason does n’t lead one to discover truth .
One must first have a correct premise .
That is ultimately the larger question .
What is your first premise , your presupposition ?
If your first premise , upon which you base all your understanding , is that logic and reason will lead to truth , how did you derive that premise ?
Was it by logic and reason ?
If so , then your basis for knowledge is circular .
I believe logic and reason work because God ordered it so .
As a created being , we can be confident our minds operate within the confines of reality because we are made in the image of God .
If we are the result of mere genetic mutations over time , there can be no certainty that our minds work correctly .
Trev responds to my last one and then Bill :
Matt - who ever said anything about spiritual knowledge ?
I merely asked you orBill to account for the laws of logic which neither of you seem to be able to do .
In fact , no atheist can account for the laws of logic because his worldview does not support it .
Matt , you continue to claim that you will not believe in the Christian God unless he presents himself ( I presume in bodily form ) , yet seeking such kind of proof is contradictory to the definition of the concept for which you seek proof ( i.e. the Christian God is invisible and immaterial ) .
You ask me to prove the existence of God as if a measure of evidence would convince you .
However , you are committed to certain presuppositions that would not allow you to believe in the Christian God ( i.e. the only legitimate reality is one that is empirically verifiable , etc. ) .
However , this presupposition is internally incoherent because you have not empirically verified it !
So my question remains : how do you account for the laws of logic ?
Bill -
Your anti-metaphysical bias is really deteoriating the level of this discussion .
You cannot simply avoid the question of how to account for the laws of logic with some form of special pleading .
If I were to treat the question of the existence of God by just calling it a nonsense question you would not think that right of me either !
As far as the scientific method goes , which you seem to rely so heavily upon , how do you know the future will be like the past ?
How do you know the sun will rise tomorrow ?
Have you empirically verified that ?
If your epistemological commitment is to this strong empircism ( as it seems to be , since you keep up with your demands for scientific proof ) , then how do you know that if you drop a pen a thousand times that on the thousandth time it will not hover in the air ?
You may say , “ Well past futures were like past pasts ” but that is still begging the question , is n’t it ?
You still do not have any empirical basis for believing the future will be like the past .
As for calling my statements nonsense , it is only nonsense to one who persists in dishonest caricature , misrepresentation , and special pleading and all the while does not realize he is a fish in the sea , wet without even knowing it .
As Van Til said , “ You climb up into God ’s lap to slap him in the face . ”
Bill Replies to both :
Erich , this is the thing : the world is a very chaotic place .
I hear enough on the news every day to know that things are not perfect in this world .
In fact , it ’s far , far , far from it .
We are all in a state of breaking down , that ’s entropy .
Of course one of the main reasons religion is so prevalent is that some people are deeply terrified of that .
I have accepted that when I die , there ’s a very good chance that there is nothing after that .
It ’s kind of like before you were born , you know , non-existense .
Do I know that for sure ?
No .
But neither do you , and you do not possess mental powers that I do not .
I think more people should join the club of I DON ’T KNOW .
Because remember , I ’m not arguing that I somehow know the secrets of the universe .
I am arguing that you do n’t .
Trev , all of that abstract conversation makes some strange points , though they ’re not really plausible .
And even if they were , it still would n’t explain why all of you think that the Bible is literarly true .
I ’m assuming that because you ca n’t really be a Christian if you do n’t believe fully in the word of God .
So here are some Bible verses you should take a better look at : “ Samar ’ia shall bear her guilt , because she has rebelled against her God ; they shall fall by the sword , their little ones shall be dashed in pieces , and ther pregnant women ripped open .
Hosea 13:16
Now therefore , kill every male among the little ones , and kill every woman who has known man by lying with him .
But all the young girls who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves . ” [ Moses ] Numbers 31:17
Oh , and there ’s much , much more than this .
One verse even says that it ’s ok to sell your daughter into slavery .
I ’d like to see you defend these passages .
And that goes for all of you in this conversation .
If you truly believe in the scripture , then you ’ll defend it .
I Finish :
@ Trev asks : “ who ever said anything about spiritual knowledge ? ” you said : “ Scientific knowledge is not the only knowledge even though Bill and Matt seem convinced that it is .
I would ask them : how do they know that ? ” I am working on an assumption , if my assumptoin is incorrect then you should provide a better example of just what type of knowledge exists outside of that which is gained via the scientific theory … i do n’t know of any realm of knowledge that is n’t testable using the scientific model , If you know something here that I do n’t please provide it however the problem arises currently that keeps me from continuing this discussion via Facebook … it is such an inefficient medium and it is unavailable whilst I am at work … therefore you are all welcome to bring it over to ragingrev.com , the psalms 14 thread seems to me to be an ideal place unless you would be happier if i copied all of this content over to it on a new post .
Jay retorts :
@ Matt You said “ Evolution occurs as a result of mutations being beneficial to a species … which fulfills the need to survive for that species which is the very reason why it actually works - it is the very definition of natural selection ”
If this statement is true , then how come the fossil provides no evidence of the mutations that were not beneficial to the species ?
Why do n’t we see fossils of fish who had legs ?
Why do we see only the favorable mutations ?
( And please do n’t counter with the arguement that they died out too quickly because would n’t we see that in some type of fossil record ? )
@ Matt :
The example of the stones is this :
Do you believe your sense organs to be an accidental and unintended result , over ages of time , of perfectly impersonal , non purposeful forces ?
If so , then how can you trust these to understand information you regard as true or false ?
If our senses are only chance variations , brought about by natural selection , then how can we rely on them as guides of a truth that exists apart from themselves ?
Irrational does not create rational right ?
How can you say your cognitive faculties are a product of chance , purposeless forces , yet place trust on those same cognitive faculties ?
@ Bill
You said “ there is no tangible evidence that Jesus Christ existed as a man , much less a spiritual being . ”
This guy lays out a compelling argument that Jesus did exist .
http://www.tektonics.org/jesusexist/jesusexisthub.html
Erich says :
Alright , everyone is just talking right past each other without answering the objections / questions presented .
You ca n’t get anywhere with just questions and no answers .
Another medium would be appropriate .
No more Erich ’s profile , please .
It ’s filling up my inbox .
Bill Finishes :
ok , but I ’m still waiting on someone to defend those Bible verses .
Jay
That article did not even begin to change my mind .
A lot of conspiracy theory mumbo jumbo .
Spanish animal rights group EquAnimal takes the prize for the most epic protest for the International Day of Action Against the Canadian Seal Hunt with about 100 activists stripping nude for the cause .
The sprawling mass of nude painted - red bodies seemed to cause quite a stir in Madrid yesterday .
While the effectiveness of nude protests is always arguable , the Spanish media has covered the story extensively today , with some outlets even including footage of seal hunting along with their coverage of the protest .
The action seemed to be less ridiculous than the typical nude protest that we ’re used to in America ; instead of a couple model - thin women , EquAnimal had hundreds of men and women of all shapes and sizes participating .
If you want to help out with the day of action , it ’s not too late ( and no nudity is required ) .
Four of the five ways to participate are still easy to do after the date .
Some PG - 13 Photos :
Newscasts ( contain graphic violence and nudity ) :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/ExklJaNepNQ&hl=en&fs=1]
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/ILxqL8x6-IM&hl=en&fs=1]
Photos courtesy of Periódico La Democracia .
According to the most recent report on the status of the world 's fisheries by the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization , fisheries supply at least 15 % of the animal protein consumed by humans , provide direct and indirect employment for nearly 200 million people worldwide and generate $ US85 billion annually .
This same report indicates that 28 % of the world 's fisheries stocks are currently being overexploited or have collapsed and 52 % are fully exploited .
A new study published in this week 's issue of PLoS Biology provides the first global evaluation of how management practices influence fisheries ' sustainability .
The study assessed the effectiveness of the world 's fisheries management regimes using evaluations from nearly 1,200 fisheries experts , analyzing these in combination with data on the sustainability of fisheries catches .
The results indicate that most fisheries management regimes are lagging far behind standards set by international organizations , and that the conversion of scientific advice into policy , through a participatory and transparent process , plays the most critical role in determining the sustainability of fisheries .
" The world 's fisheries are one of the most important natural assets to humankind , " says lead author Camilo Mora , a Colombian researcher at Dalhousie University and the University of California San Diego .
" Unfortunately , our use of the world 's fisheries has been excessive and has led to the decline or collapse of many stocks . "
" The consequences of overexploiting the world 's fisheries are a concern not only for food security and socio- economic development but for ocean ecosystems , " says Boris Worm , a professor at Dalhousie University and co-author of the paper .
" We now recognize that overfishing can also lead to the erosion of biodiversity and ecosystem productivity . "
" The different socioeconomic and ecological consequences associated with declining fish stocks are an international concern and several initiatives have been put forward to ensure that countries improve the way they use their marine resources , " explains Mora .
" Some of these initiatives include the United Nations Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries , the Convention on Biological Diversity , and the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment .
Although these initiatives have been endorsed by most governments , a global assessment on the extent to which these ideals are actually implemented and effective remains lacking . "
Mora and his colleagues analyzed a set of attributes upon which country - level fisheries could be evaluated .
They pinpointed six parameters , including the scientific quality of management recommendations , the transparency of converting recommendations into policy , the enforcement of policies , the influence of subsidies , fishing effort , and the extent of fishing by foreign entities .
To quantify those attributes the researchers developed a questionnaire designed to elicit worst - to best - case answers .
The survey was translated into five languages and distributed to over 13,000 fisheries experts around the world .
Nearly 1,200 evaluations were used in the study .
The responses of the surveyed experts were compared to , and found to be in accordance with , empirical data , supporting the validity of the data obtained in the study .
The results of this global survey showed that 7 % of all coastal states carry out rigorous scientific assessment for the generation of management policies , 1.4 % also have a participatory and transparent process to convert scientific recommendations into policy , and less than 1 % also implement mechanisms to ensure the compliance with regulations .
No one country was additionally free of the effects of excess fishing capacity , subsidies or access to foreign fishing .
" Perhaps the most striking result of our survey was that not a single country in the world was consistently good with respect to all these management attributes .
So which countries are doing well and which are not is a question whose answer depends on the specific attribute you are looking at , " says Mora .
The results of the study show that wealthier countries , though they have predominantly better science and enforcement capabilities , face the negative repercussions of excessive subsidies and larger fishing capacity , which have resulted largely from increased modernization of national fleets .
In contrast , poorer countries largely lacked robust science and enforcement capabilities and although these nations have less fishing capacity nationally , they disproportionally sold fishing rights to nations that did .
The study showed that in 33 % of the coastal states classified as low - income ( commonly countries in Africa and Oceania ) most fishing is carried out by foreign fleets from either the European Union , South Korea , Japan , China , Taiwan or the United States .
The only attribute in which poorer and wealthier countries overlapped significantly was their limited ability to convert scientific recommendations into policy .
The mechanism for this pattern , however , was different .
Poor countries reportedly struggle with the effects of corruption while wealthier countries often encounter more political or economical pressures .
For the second part of the study , Mora and his colleagues combined the database on management effectiveness with a recently developed index to assess the probability that the catch of a particular country is sustainable or not .
This part of the study showed that out of several attributes analysed , the transparency with which scientific recommendations are turned into policy plays the strongest role in the fate of fisheries sustainability .
" Transparent policy - making is at the centre of the entire process , " explains co-author Marta Coll , at the Institut de Ciènces del Mar in Spain .
" If this is heavily influenced by political pressures or corruption , it is unlikely that good scientific advice will ever be translated into proper regulations .
Similarly , authoritarianism in this process is likely to reduce compliance with the resulting policies . "
" This study provided us with a look at both sides of the coin , " says Andrew Rosenberg at the University of New Hampshire , who was not involved in the study .
" On one hand , it reminds us of the difficult challenges facing fisheries management globally in protecting critical natural resources from overexploitation .
On the other hand it delivers a message of hope that when policy - making is transparent , participatory , and based on science , things can improve . "
Source : Public Library of Science
Nato today began a series of controversial military exercises in Georgia following an apparent failed uprising at a Georgian army base yesterday and Moscow 's expulsion of two Nato diplomats this morning .
Russia said it was expelling Isabelle Francois , the Canadian head of Nato 's Moscow information office , and a worker at her office .
The move was in retaliation for last week 's expulsion of two Russian diplomats , who had been accused of spying , from Nato 's Brussels HQ , Russia 's foreign ministry said .
The ministry said it was summoning Canada 's ambassador to Moscow .
" The withdrawal of diplomatic accredition in Moscow will be our response , " a Russian official told the Interfax news agency .
" We are not the ones who initiated such behaviour .
We have been forced to act in this way . "
Today 's Yesterday 's exercises involve 15 Nato countries , among them Britain .
The manoeuvres have provoked a furious reaction from Russia , which has described them as " dubious " and a " provocation " .
Moscow has also lambasted Mikhail Saakashvili , the pro-western Georgian president .
Yesterday , Saakashvili claimed to have thwarted a Russian - backed mutiny at the Mukhrovani army base near the capital , Tbilisi .
Russia dismissed the claim as " absurd " and suggested Saakashvili " send for a doctor " .
Dmitry Rogozin , the hawkish Russian ambassador to Nato , said Nato should cancel the exercises .
" Nato needs to show flexibility and hear our arguments .
The worst thing is that this organisation is becoming more and more unpredictable , " he said .
" Nato 's behaviour is not decent , stable or appropriate . "
The exercises take place against the backdrop of a growing military buildup on both sides of Georgia 's tense and disputed borders with the breakaway republics of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Russia has beefed up its military presence in both territories , and last week signed an agreement giving its army full control of border security .
The EU and Nato have strongly protested against the move , saying it is in breach of a peace agreement signed last August by Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , and the French president , Nicolas Sarkozvy .
Under the deal , Medvedev promised to pull Russian troops back to their positions before last summer 's war over South Ossetia .
Saakashvili's position in Georgia , meanwhile , is increasingly under threat following a series of protests by the country 's opposition .
Opposition leaders have dismissed yesterday 's apparent army mutiny as a fabrication by Saakashvili designed to discredit his internal enemies .
The opposition accuses him of mismanaging the South Ossetia war and wants him to quit .
Underlying the simmering conflict with Nato is Russia 's contention that it has a right to influence events in neighbouring post -Soviet states .
Moscow is vehemently against both Georgia and Ukraine joining Nato , and says the organisation is a hostile and expansionist bloc bent on destabilising the region .
Nato has cooled on the idea of giving membership to Georgia and Ukraine after last year 's conflict .
But it believes both countries , as sovereign states , have a right to join Nato and other western institutions and transatlantic alliances if they choose to .
Today 's exercises involve more than 1,000 soldiers from a dozen Nato member states and partner nations .
Several countries , including neighbouring Armenia , have recently pulled out of the exercises , apparently fearing Russian displeasure .
The manoeuvres are being conducted at a former Russian air force base east of Tibilisi , a few kilometres away from the apparent uprising by a tank division , and get under way fully later this month .
Nato insists the exercises in " crisis response " and field training pose no threat to Russia .
" The Nato secretary general [ Jaap de Hoop Scheffer ] thinks that nobody should misuse the exercise , " Carmen Romero , a Nato spokeswoman , was quoted by Reuters as saying .
" This is not a Nato exercise ... it is an exercise of Nato with its partners .
" This exercise has nothing to do with Georgia , it has nothing to do with Russia .
Georgia is just hosting the exercise and nobody should interpret the exercise in a different way and use it for other purposes . '
Behind the scenes , he was scrambling to find money to save the jobs of several aides after losing the payroll authority that came with his position as senior Republican on the Judiciary Committee and various subcommittees .
Mr. Specter also issued a statement on Wednesday insisting that he would ultimately regain his seniority on Senate committees , which Democrats for now have stripped away .
But there are no guarantees .
So it goes for Mr. Specter , a political chameleon who started out as a Democrat , spent 43 years as a Republican and abruptly switched parties last week in a naked bid to save his political career .
Mr. Specter , who is up for re-election next year , concluded that he could not win a Republican primary .
But he is having trouble fitting in .
He voted against the Democrats in his first two big votes since the switch , opposing the Democratic budget and helping defeat a measure to allow bankruptcy judges to modify mortgages for troubled homeowners .
Designer Dustin Curtis was so disgusted with the American Airlines Web site that he redesigned it , and posted the results as an open letter to the company .
Guess what ?
One of AA ’s designers responded with a long defense about why better design dies a slow death at places like AA .
As Curtis wrote : “ If I was running a company with the distinction and history of American Airlines , I would be embarrassed –no ashamed –to have a Web site with a customer experience as terrible as the one you have now …
Your Web site is abusive to your customers , it is limiting your revenue possibilities , and it is permanently destroying the brand and image of your company in the mind of every visitor . ”
But it just took him a couple hours , starting with the original design , to produce a cleaner concept .
Here , a before and after ( check out the links for the full design ) :
Why does n’t such an obviously better design win out , at a place like AA ?
Here ’s what a one Mr. X , an experienced and , according to Curtis , quite competent UX designer , had to say for the company ’s feeble effort :
I saw your blog post titled “ Dear AmericanAirlines , ” and I thought I’d
drop a line .
Sorry for the length of this email , but let me sum up the
gist of what I ’ve written below :
You ’re right .
You ’re so very right .
And yet …
The problem with the design of AA.com , however , lies less in our
competency ( or lack thereof , as you pointed out in your post ) and more
with the culture and processes employed here at American Airlines
Large Hadron Collider up for remission until October .
Still .
Most hardcore geeks swear by it ; most others think that the world will end by it .
CERN ’s Large Hadron Collider is up for repair ever since it got nicked by faulty wiring just nine days after it was started last September , and CERN ’s officials are saying that current estimates for when repair is going to be finished are getting kicked back to sometime this October .
That ’s a pretty long time for such a nifty gadget to be just sleeping around .
Especially since it ’s repair estimates are going to rack up to $ 37 million over a few years , not to mention that this 27 - kilometer wide circular baby cost $ 10 billion to start with .
The Large Hadron Collider , if you must know , is essentially a huge circular tube where scientists go nuts making atomic particles collide with each other .
The particles that blow off when they do can apparently tell how the world may have began , how it is most likely to end , and perhaps why toast always falls butter side down .
Sadly , I ’m not too keen about squandering that huge amount of money , all for nine whole days at this merry - go - round .
My last post got me thinking .
Well , specifically , it was n’t my last post that got me thinking .
It was my visit to Silvermoon last night combined with my last post .
I was hanging out in Silvermoon last night .
It ’s not a heavily populated city , as you know .
But there was a little bit of traffic .
Where are all the female horde characters ?
I saw a couple of forsaken females hunched over , doing their business –maybe consuming one of their friends .
Of course , lady sindorei are everywhere .
But I do n’t recall seeing a single female troll , tauren , or orc the whole time I was there .
Are they no longer allowed in the world ?
Is there some sexist action being taken against them in public ?
At first I thought , well , maybe people do n’t like lady trolls with their strange feet or girlie orcs because they feel sexually intimidated by them .
But forsaken with their bones sticking through their sleeves and their bottom jaw missing completely from their heads , that ’s not so bad ?
I ’ve been Alliance for years so I ’m used to tons of female humans and night elves and gnomes .
Though , come to think about it , there were n’t very many female dwarves running around either , except for the annoying NPCs selling their goodies in Ironforge .
L.A. audiences would seem to need no introduction to Mexican cinema .
The city has the nation ’s largest Mexican American population , it ’s the adopted home of many of Mexico ’s leading actors , directors , cinematographers and designers , and there are numerous venues and festivals here that regularly screen Mexican films .
But in bringing his Hola Mexico Film Festival to Los Angeles for the first time , Samuel Douek wants to show U.S. audiences that Mexican cinema continues to thrive , several years after international breakout hits such as “ Amores Perros ” and “ Y Tu Mama Tambien ” ushered in a new wave of Mexican movie creativity .
The cross-section of festival movies that will be screened this week at ArcLight Cinemas in Hollywood , including dramas , comedies , art - house films and documentaries , reflects “ a Mexico that ’s more modern , more cosmopolitan , ” said Douek , a native of Mexico , in a phone interview last week .
It also reflects a culture that ’s much too varied and rich to be reduced to a monolithic entity .
“ There is not one Mexican culture , there are many , like in the United States , ” Douek said .
The festival opens tonight with a red- carpet soiree and a screening of “ Arrancame la Vida ” ( Tear This Heart Out ) , director Roberto Sneider ’s sweeping , “ Gone With the Wind " - like saga of a young woman who ’s wooed and wed by an older , cruelly magnetic general .
Set during Mexico ’s turbulent post - revolutionary era of the 1920s and ‘ 30s , the movie was Mexico ’s official Academy Award entry for this year ’s best foreign - language film .
Advertisement
Based on the novel by Angeles Mastretta , it ’s built around the compelling performances of its two leads , former telenovela star Ana Claudia Talancon ( who appeared in “ The Crime of Padre Amaro ” with Gael Garcia Bernal ) , and the veteran performer Daniel Gimenez Cacho , persuasively brutish and charismatic as the autocratic army commander , who are locked in an intellectual and erotic jousting match .
Other movies being screened include “ Desierto Adentro ” ( The Desert Within ) , Rodrigo Pla ’s haunting saga of a patriarch ’s spiritual and familial struggles , set during Mexico ’s Cristero War of 1926 - 29 ; “ El Viaje de Teo ” ( Teo ’s Journey ) , Walter Doehner ’s drama about a 9 - year - old boy ’s attempt to illegally cross into the United States ; and “ Lake Tahoe , ” about a teenager ’s comic - absurdist journey into the self , director Fernando Eimbcke ’s follow - up to his very successful “ Duck Season . ”
“ I think the most important thing about the festival is the balance , ” said Alejando Pelayo , a filmmaker and the Mexican consul for cultural affairs in Los Angeles , who has been working with Douek .
Organized in conjunction with the Mexican Consul , this inaugural edition of the festival runs through Sunday .
After playing Los Angeles , the festival will pack up and move on to Chicago ( June 19 - 24 ) and New York ( June 23 - 28 ) .
Advertisement
Douek said that the idea of creating a Mexican film festival occurred to him a few years ago while he was living in Australia , where few Mexican movies other than major international hits ever were shown .
But Australians have very eclectic tastes , Douek said , regularly sampling movies from China , India and Southeast Asia .
That encouraged him in thinking it would be possible to put together a Mexican film festival in Sydney .
Working with the Mexican embassy there , he succeeded .
Pelayo said that when he first arrived in Los Angeles in 2001 he decided that the best way to promote Mexican films would be to try to place them in L.A. 's other existing festivals , such as the Los Angeles Film Festival , which this year will be showing a selection of Mexican documentary and feature films .
But over time he came to believe there was room for a festival devoted purely to Mexican film .
In other parts of the United States , he said , Americans are mainly exposed to negative images of Mexico : drug - related violence , swine - flu outbreaks .
But as cultural and political dialogue between them increases , the two countries ’ images of each other are growing more nuanced , he thinks .
“ There is going to be a great opportunity for Mexico to show the world that we do n’t just generate problems and conflicts , ” he said , “ but that we also generate riches of culture -- past , present and future . ”
Advertisement
--
reed.johnson@latimes.com
NPR is reporting today that significant new information has emerged per an ACLU FOIA request directly tying Alberto Gonzales , in his role at White House Counsel , to the torture of Abu Zubaydah .
This confirms ex-FBI agent Ali Soufan 's account in last week 's Senate hearing that Zubaydah was subject to torture from at least April to June of 2002 ( when Soufan left the interrogation team ) .
NPR reports that contractor James Mitchell was in regular contact with the White House in the spring of 2002 .
One source with knowledge of Zubaydah 's interrogations agreed to describe the legal guidance process , on the condition of anonymity .
The source says nearly every day , Mitchell would sit at his computer and write a top - secret cable to the CIA 's counterterrorism center .
Each day , Mitchell would request permission to use enhanced interrogation techniques on Zubaydah .
The source says the CIA would then forward the request to the White House , where White House counsel Alberto Gonzales would sign off on the technique .
That would provide the administration 's legal blessing for Mitchell to increase the pressure on Zubaydah in the next interrogation .
A new document is consistent with the source 's account .
The CIA sent the ACLU a spreadsheet late Tuesday as part of a lawsuit under the Freedom of Information Act .
The log shows the number of top - secret cables that went from Zubaydah 's black site prison to CIA headquarters each day .
Through the spring and summer of 2002 , the log shows , someone sent headquarters several cables a day .
" At the very least , it 's clear that CIA headquarters was choreographing what was going on at the black site , " says Jameel Jaffer , the ACLU lawyer who sued to get the document .
" But there 's still this question about the relationship between CIA headquarters and the White House and the Justice Department and the question of which senior officials were driving this process . "
As Spencer points out , Gonzales was n't in the DOJ , the CIA , State , or any other agency where he would have had the power to direct the actions of any other agency .
He was the president 's lawyer , period .
And yet , he appears to have been the point of decision - making for torture pre-torture memos .
But , obviously , he was n't acting alone .
We have at least a hint of which senior officials ( besides Gonzales ) were driving this process from a description in Barton Gellman 's Angler , in which he describes how legal policy was shaped early on after 9/11 , and the individuals involved :
By the afternoon of September 11 , Addington had made contact with Timothy Flanigan , the deputy White House counsel .
Flanigan 's boss , Alberto Gonzales , was stranded in Norfolk ....
No matter .
His deputy was the one Addington wanted .... Flanigan was in the Situation Room on September 11 .
When Addington reached him from the bunker , Flanigan patched in the Justice Department Command Center across town .
There he found a young attorney named John C. Yoo ....
Responding to a request from Flanigan , Yoo wrote two weeks after the al Qaeda attacks that no law " can place any limits on the President 's determinations as to any terrorist threat , the amount of military force to be used in response , or the method , timing , and nature of the response .
These decisions , under our Constitution , are for the President alone to make . " ... ... Addington , working almost invariably through proxies , requested OLC opinions on subjects calculated to elicit broad replies .
Addington insisted on strict secrecy , preventing the circulation of drafts to agencies that might challenge Yoo 's analysis .
With the rulings in hand , the vice president 's counsel wrote the regulations , directives , and executive orders that changed events ....
Gonzales became the interpreter and salesman of new legal theories to Bush , without whose signature nothing big could happen .
Thus formed the core legal team that Cheney oversaw , directly and indirectly , in the years after September 11 .
" Addington , Flanigan , and Gonzales were really a triumverate , " recalled Bradford A. Berenson , then an associate White House counsel .
" Gonzales had the relationship with the president .
Addington had the relationship with the vice president .
And Flanigan , as a former OLC head , had the legal expertise .
It was a flying wedge of staffers backed up by the president and the vice president , and it does n't get much better than that . "
It 's easy to see how , using Yoo 's " president as king " formulation , the president 's lawyer could become the point person for the CIA in authorizing torture , particularly if , as Lawrence Wilkerson and others have alleged , that the vice president was pushing for the use of torture on Zubaydah .
This actually is n't the first time Gonzales has been linked to the authorization of torture .
Go back to his confirmation hearings for Attorney General when it was reported that
Alberto R. Gonzales , the White House counsel , intervened directly with Justice Department lawyers in 2002 to obtain a legal ruling on the extent of the president 's authority to permit extreme interrogation practices in the name of national security , current and former administration officials said Tuesday ....
Current and former officials who talked about the memorandum have been provided with firsthand accounts about how it was prepared .
Some discussed it in an effort to clear up what they viewed as a murky record in advance of Mr. Gonzales 's confirmation hearings .
Others spoke of the matter apparently believing that the Justice Department had unfairly taken the blame for the memorandum .
A White House spokeswoman , Erin Healy , said Tuesday that while Mr. Gonzales personally requested the August opinion , he was only seeking " objective legal advice and did not ask the Office of Legal Counsel to reach any specific conclusion . "
Right .
That revelation led to some tough questioning for Gonzales in his confirmation hearings .
During which we now know he committed perjury :
SEN . FEINGOLD : . . . the issue is whether you disagreed with that memo and expressed that disagreement to the president .
You 're the president 's lawyer .
Is n't it your job to express your independent view to the president if you disagree with the opinion of the Justice Department ?
Or do you just simply pass on the DOJ 's opinion no matter how erroneous or outrageous , and just say to the president , in effect , this is what the DOJ says the law is ?
MR .
GONZALES : Thank you , Senator , for that question .
Let me try to clarify my comments regarding my role in connection with the memo , and my role generally as I view it as counselor to the president .
It is , of course , customary , and I think to be expected , that there would be discussions between the Department of Justice and the counsel 's office about legal interpretation of , say , a statute that had never been interpreted before , one that would be extremely emotional , say , if you 're talking about what are the limits of torture under a domestic criminal statute .
And so there was discussion about that .
But I understand , and it's my judgment that I do n't get to decide for the executive branch what the law is .
Ultimately that is the president , of course .
But by statute , the Department of Justice is given the authority to provide advice to the executive branch .
And so while I certainly participate in discussions about these matters , at the end of the day that opinion represents the position of the department and , therefore , the position of the executive branch .
Apparently Gonzales was deciding nearly every day in early 2002 what the law was by authorizing torture .
And chances are pretty good he was being backed up by Cheney and Addington .
( H/T SmileySam . )
Kabukicho ‘ girl ’s bar ’ busted in sofa snafu
TOKYO ( TR ) – A female employee at a specialty hostess club was arrested over the weekend for sitting next to a customer .
The infraction occurred when a 24 - year - old lady staffed at “ girl ’s bar ” Double , located in Tokyo ’s red - light district of Kabukicho , was found to be sitting next to a male patron on a sofa just before 2 a.m. on Saturday morning .
The girl ’s bar is a nightlife trend whereby casually dressed young women serve drinks and make conversation from behind a counter – and not while seated next to a customer , as is standard practice in a conventional hostess club .
This orientation is an attempt to circumvent the Law Regulating Adult Entertainment Businesses , which prohibits entertainment of customers after 1 a.m .
Bars only for drinking , however , are not classified as entertainment .
In recent years , discos , hostess clubs , and various sex businesses in Tokyo have come under increased pressure as a result of stricter enforcement of this national law , which dates back to 1948 .
Following this citywide crackdown , dozens of girl ’s bars have opened across the metropolis to exploit the loophole in the law .
The National Police Agency , however , realizes the true nature of the operations .
“ We consider them to be of the same category , ” said a NPA official in an interview earlier this month .
“ We are not distinguishing them from other adult businesses . ”
Double opened in April .
When Ubuntu Pocket Guide and Reference went on sale in January , I created a Web site to redistribute the free edition and act as a central information source for the book .
And because the book was about Ubuntu , I made ample mention of the word " Ubuntu " and also used the familiar three - part circle logo .
A few weeks later , while chatting with the nice folks at Canonical ( the company that originated and sponsors Ubuntu ) about an unrelated matter , they mentioned that I might have taken liberties with the website .
The issue boiled down to use of the Ubuntu trademark , and they pointed out that there are strict rules on who can and can't use the trademark .
Put simply , community projects are usually fine ( provided a few rules are followed ) , but commercial projects must apply for a trademark license .
Ending the circle
It was a friendly discussion , and I do n't think they meant to chastise me .
But I found it alarming .
My book and associated Web site are an entirely separate commercial endeavour from Canonical or the Ubuntu project at large .
I 'd made this clear via a disclaimer on each page of the website .
However , I immediately removed all uses of the trademark graphic apart from those I 'd got specific permission for ( which is to say , the use of the logo on the front cover of the book itself ) .
All other uses of the word " Ubuntu " seemed to me to be allowed under nominative use provisions , an exception in trademark law for which we have to thank New Kids on the Block ( yes , really ) .
It allows a product to use a trademark term if it 's descriptive and unavoidable .
I have no other choice than to use the term Ubuntu in the title of my book and website .
How else would people know what they 're about otherwise ?
Now in possession of a somewhat graphically barren Web site , I was reasonably sure I was safe , even if I had only consulted good - ol ' Wikipedia instead of a lawyer .
Commercial freedoms
To be honest , it did n't really matter to me about using the trademark .
My only desire had been to make the site familiar for Ubuntu users .
But the whole episode was a strong reminder that trademarks dominate all commercial activity in America .
Like patents and copyright , trademarks are a weapon that companies can use to battle each other and ultimately restrict the freedom of their customers .
As such , I find it odd that while many people in the world of open source are campaigning for reforms in copyright and patents , most ignore trademarking .
Trademarking is just as dangerous as its two intellectual property brothers .
There 's history here , of course .
Back in 1994 a lawyer spotted that " Linux " was n't trademarked , so decided to trademark it himself .
In a move that only a lawyer could dream - up , he then attempted to sue companies involved with Linux for using " his " trademark without permission .
To cut a long story short , the trademark assignation was eventually overturned and the trademark assigned to Linus Torvalds .
The Linux Mark Institute was subsequently setup and , after a little turbulence , presently hands - out free licenses for the word " Linux " upon request .
However , make no mistake :
If you want to use the word " Linux " in any commercial way related to computers , such as including the word in your organization 's title , you need to get a license .
The word " Linux " is nowhere near as free as the software it represents .
In fact , it is n't free .
For this we have to thank the system of trademarks .
Obstructive use
Even within the Linux community , trademarking can be used as obstructively as copyright and patenting to further business ends .
Red
Hat prohibit redistribution of binary packages of their Enterprise distro by claiming doing so would mean the reproduction of their trademark ( see Section 2 of Red Hat 's EULA ) .
Never mind that the free and unrestricted redistribution of the software is pretty much the core value of Linux .
( Red Hat 's policy gave rise to CentOS , which is effectively Red Hat Enterprise without any mention of Red Hat .
The community will always route around any restrictions . )
To be fair , at the time of the creation of the Enterprise distro , Red Hat also created the Fedora project to encourage the creation of an entirely unrestricted Linux distro .
Novell did the same with the openSUSE project .
But I can't help feeling that this was a way of paying - off the community -- throwing meat to the wolves , so they do n't bite .
With community projects to chew - on , people are less likely to bring - up troubling trademarking or redistribution issues .
It seems to have worked too .
Policy decisions
In discussing trademarks , most open source companies make it clear that they see nothing wrong with them , and that they intend to make full use of them to protect their brand identity .
That 's certainly the case with Ubuntu and Mozilla , the two most successful open source stories of recent times .
What tends to happen is that open source companies have to walk a tightrope , and slightly strange rules on trademark get put in place .
For example , Ubuntu is cool with community remixes using the trademark , but if you intend to make money from Ubuntu and want to include the word in your business title , you 're going to need permission .
It 's not quite clear here how the former wo n't dilute the Ubuntu brand , while the latter possibly will .
The " protecting brand identity " argument falls apart almost immediately upon examination .
Mozilla is even worse .
If I create a new Linux distro , and include my own compiled Firefox binary , it 's unlikely I would be able to call the browser " Firefox " , or use the familiar fox logo , without getting permission from Mozilla .
This could put me at a competitive disadvantage compared to other versions of Linux because my users would be using what appears to be unfamiliar software .
It 's worth mentioning that Mozilla 's trademark rules also indicate they 're not terribly happy about the unofficial redistribution of their binaries , either , and would prefer it if they were the exclusive source .
Is this how open source is supposed to work ?
Redistricted redistribution ?
Tight control on who can compile software and still be able to call it by its proper name ?
Iceweasel
The example I gave above has already happened .
In 2004 Mozilla got a little irked at the Debian guys for distributing modified versions of Firefox ( even though the modifications did not significantly change the functionality ) .
Debian responded by mischeiveously rebranding its version of Firefox as Iceweasel , and a policy grew from there to rebrand all Mozilla products in a similar way : Thunderbird became Icedove , for example ( which is actually a better name IMHO ) .
The nature of Linux and open source in general is to encourage forking and splinter projects .
That 's the basic freedom provided by the GNU Public License , and similar licenses .
Some of the forks or splinter projects will be poor quality .
Some will fail .
But that 's just the way things work with Linux .
Essential freedoms
Trademarking is almost totally incompatible with the essential freedom offered by open source .
Trademarking is a way of severely limiting all activity on a particular product to that which you approve of .
That 's what it was created to do , and that 's what it unapologetically does on a daily basis around the world .
If an open source company embraces trademarks then it embraces this philosophy .
On the one hand it advocates freedom , and the other it takes it away .
Trademarking encourages organizations to foster back - room deals , and negotiations to get permissions .
It 's almost exclusively a domain for lawyers .
Does this sound familiar ?
That 's right -- it 's just like the kind of deals that go on over copyright and patents in the boardrooms of big corporations .
And just like patents and traditional copyright , it 's totally incompatible with the spirit and ethos of open source software .
Note : Mozilla has asked me to point out that compiled binaries based on source code that has n't been altered are permitted to use the Firefox trademark .
Keir Thomas is the author of several books on Ubuntu , including the free - of - charge Ubuntu Pocket Guide and Reference .
WHEN gifted Belgian artist Ben Heine heard the Pope ’s latest rant against condom use before the pontiff visited Africa , he responded by creating the image on the right .
Heine , then a member of an on - line artists ’ showcase called DeviantArt , posted the image on the site .
He fully expected it to draw some robust criticism .
What he did not expect was to have it removed .
He re-posted it with a “ mature contents ” filter .
And found himself BANNED OUTRIGHT from the site !
Said Heine :
OK , this is a shocking cartoon , but hey , it will never be as shocking as what the Pope said in his plane to Africa …
And he pointed out :
DeviantArt allows huge collections of images with genitals everywhere but not a little drawing defying the Institution … I find this pitiful .
It seems that political art does n’t have its place on this “ Big Brother ” site .
How does DA dare to call itself “ Deviant ” then ?!
A supporter of Heine said :
Ben is a great artist , cartoonist and illustrator .
He can be ( this is part of his work ) highly provoking , but he never lacks of touch , elegance and style .
To ban his artistic works as though they were pornographic is highly offensive for the artist and for all of those who like and can fully appreciate his work .
You can find more on this report , and examples of Heine ’s work here ( click on the “ political art set ” link on the right ) .
Danger Mouse , the amazing mashup artist , producer , and half of Gnarls Barkley , is unable to release his newest album due to legal battles with his label , so he 's embracing piracy to get his music heard .
Advertisement
After " legal battles , " Danger Mouse 's new album has been shelved by his label , EMI .
But fearful that his work would never be heard , Danger Mouse came up with an idea to get his music out there while at the same time showing his anger at EMI .
The album , entitled Dark Night of the Soul , will be sold as a " 100 + page book " of photographs inspired by the music and taken by David Lynch , and will include a blank CD - R to be filled with torrented mp3s .
All copies will be clearly labelled :
' For Legal Reasons , enclosed CD - R contains no music .
Use it as you will .'
Danger Mouse made his name with a mashup of The Beatles ' White Album and Jay - Z's Black Album titled , of course , The Grey Album , which was only available through non-commercial means , so this is a guy who despite his success is very aware of the state of music sales .
Dark Night of the Soul is already available to stream for free from NPR , so it looks like Danger Mouse is going all out with his plan to thoroughly infuriate his record label .
[ via Boing Boing ]
On a chilly February 14 , 1862 , Valentine ’s Day , at the Mystic , Connecticut , shipyard of Maxson , Fish & Co. , a sleek - looking ironclad splashed into the water .
USS Galena ’s launch was eagerly anticipated in that tight - knit shipping community , for it was reputed to be on the cutting edge of warship technology .
The local paper , the Mystic Pioneer , proclaimed Galena ’s iron plating would be “ absolutely impregnable to ordinary projectiles . ”
Newspapers often get it wrong , however , and the first time Galena met up with the business end of Rebel cannons , those “ ordinary projectiles ” instead raised havoc with the vessel .
Galena was a product of the ironclad arms race between the Union and the Confederacy that began in the late summer of 1861 , when rumors about the construction in Norfolk , Va. , of an iron - plated menace known as Virginia began to percolate north .
Federal Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles knew such a revolutionary ship could threaten and possibly break the Union blockade of Southern ports , and he targeted opportunistic entrepreneurs with advertisements in Northern newspapers seeking blueprints for iron - plated vessels .
To review those plans , Welles instituted an Ironclad Board of veteran seamen Joseph Smith , Hiram Paulding and Charles Henry Davis .
The Ironclad Board had a $ 1.5 million budget to award to builders and a month in which to award it .
The trio reviewed 17 proposed designs .
Some were radical , and some were ludicrous .
One designer proposed cladding his vessel in rubber , intended to deflect enemy shells .
Fortunately for the reputation of the U.S. Navy , that design was rejected .
In the end the board awarded three contracts in September 1861 .
One went to John Ericsson and his revolutionary Monitor .
One board member rejected Ericsson ’s plan , but the other two backed it mostly because he assured the board that the ship could be built in less than 100 days for only $ 275,000 .
The other two accepted designs were more typical and reflected the Ironclad Board ’s conservative thinking that even ironclads should have sails to supplement their steam engines .
New Ironsides was a 4,100 - ton , 20 - gun behemoth , and then there was Galena , the brainchild of Samuel Pook , a 20 - year - old Bostonian soon to be famous for creating the “ Pook ’s Turtles ” ironclads that caused havoc for the Confederates on the Mississippi River in 1862 - 63 .
At first glance , Galena was conventional enough : a 210 - foot - long wooden - hulled steam frigate with a 36 - foot beam and a sail rig that could muster speeds up to 8 knots .
It carried four 9 - inch smoothbore Dahl­grens and two rifled 100 - pounder Parrotts ar­ranged broadside .
The sides of the ship sloped in from the water in what was known as a “ tumblehome ” design .
But what was truly unique was Pook ’s choice of armor : rows of interlocking iron sheets placed in a rail - and - plate arrangement that supposedly made it impenetrable against solid shot up to 6 inches thick .
Perhaps due to cost , Pook originally planned to sheathe Galena ’s 18 - inch - thick hull with only 21⁄2 inches of armor atop 11⁄2 inches of rubber .
Once construction began , however , the rubber was replaced by another five - eighths inch of iron , still thinner than called for in any other early ironclad design .
The Ironclad Board was modestly optimistic that Galena would be successful , but others were not .
Many officers thought the design of its hull and armor were faulty and vulnerable to shot .
Captain Louis M. Goldsborough , commander of the Union ’s North Atlantic Blockading Squadron , called it a “ most miserable contrivance . ”
Captain John Rodgers , Galena ’s first commanding officer , wrote : “ I was convinced as soon as I came on board that she would be riddled under fire , but the public thought differently , and I resolved to give the matter a fair trial . ”
And while Monitor gained fame for its duel with Virginia and New Ironsides had a successful career , Galena ’s maiden battle was a disaster .
Drewry ’s Bluff was a fortified point seven miles below Richmond at a sharp bend in the James River — a thorn in the Union side .
Had it not been for that strongpoint , Federal ships could have steamed much closer to Richmond , a fact not lost on the Union high command in the spring of 1862 , when Maj.
Gen. George B. McClellan was trying to attack the Rebel capital from the east with his Army of the Potomac .
As McClellan closed in on Richmond in mid-May , Commander Rodgers added Galena to his makeshift James River fleet .
Rodgers ’ force also featured the battle - scarred Monitor as well as Naugatuck — an aging , partially armored gunboat loaned to the Navy by the Revenue Cutter Service .
The gunboat Aroostook and the side - wheeler Port Royal followed in support .
No longer worried about the menacing Virginia — which its crew had reluctantly scuttled near Hampton Roads on May 11 — Rodgers decided to make a dash for Richmond .
One hundred feet above the river at Drewry ’s Bluff , behind a series of reinforced embankments known as Fort Darling , a small , patched - together Rebel force of Virginia ’s crew , infantrymen and artillerymen under Commander Ebenezer Farrand waited with a 10 - inch Columbiad and an assortment of 8 - inch smoothbores and rifles for whatever Yankee ships might come their way .
The Rebels had also blocked the narrow waterway with a combination of junks , stone , “ spiles and chains ” — even the sunken gunboat Jamestown — and backed it with the gunboat Patrick Henry .
About 7:45 a.m. on May 15 , Galena , at the head of the fleet , opened fire on the heights .
The battle quickly devolved into a shootout between Farrand ’s and Rodgers ’ gun crews .
Monitor , unable to raise its guns to fire at the Rebel batteries on the bluff , soon retreated downriver , where Rodgers ’ gunboats were dueling with pesky sharpshooters firing from the riverbank .
Naugatuck ’s single 100 - pounder Parrott gun burst , meanwhile , rendering that vessel useless .
For three hours Galena sat anchored some 600 yards off Drewry ’s Bluff , firing with little apparent effect .
Farrand ’s 10 - inch Columbiad had burst early in the fight , but his men continued to blast away with their remaining cannons .
At least 43 shots struck their mark , with 13 penetrating Galena ’s suspect armor .
Even the pesky Patrick Henry got in a lick , puncturing the hapless Galena ’s lower hull with a shot late in the contest .
By 11:05 a.m. , Galena ’s ammunition was virtually gone , and Rodgers withdrew .
By that time 13 crewmen were dead , their blood and body parts mixed with shattered timbers in what was described as “ a perfect slaughter house . ”
Criticism of Galena and its design began immediately , initiated by a disgusted Rodgers : “ We demonstrated that she is not shot - proof ; balls came through , and many men were killed with fragments of her own iron . ”
The new ironclad ’s “ failure ” looked especially bad in the wake of Monitor ’s recent celebrated performance against Virginia , and following the publication of official reports on newspapers ’ front pages .
While Galena was riddled , Monitor commander Lieutenant William N. Jeffers wrote , his beloved “ cheese - box … retained her superior strength and invulnerability .
The balls glanced harmless from her tower of strength and fell into the placid waters of the river . ”
Jeffers later declared that both he and Rodgers were convinced before the engagement “ that the armor of the Galena was readily penetrable by shot from the class of guns we were likely to find on the battery ” and that the assault on Fort Darling was “ nothing further than a reconnaissance in force and a trial of the Galena ’s armor . ” [ italics original ]
Not only had Galena and the James River fleet failed to get past Drewry ’s Bluff , but the Army of the Potomac soon came up short , too , in its bid to conquer Richmond , retreating ingloriously down the peninsula a few weeks later .
Despite numerous puncture holes , Galena remained on the James River through September , lending its guns in support of McClellan ’s retreating army during the Seven Days ’ Campaign in June and July .
After wintering in Hampton Roads , Galena was finally sent north to Philadelphia for repairs .
There , it was not only patched up but also stripped of its beat - up iron coat .
Whatever its future , Galena would spend the rest of its days as just another wooden gunboat .
Galena soon returned to service as a simple wooden - walled warship , and with none if its former fanfare .
In May 1864 , it steamed south for duty with the West Gulf Blockading Squadron , in time to join Admiral David Farragut ’s long - delayed attempt to capture Mobile , Ala. , the Confederacy ’s most valuable remaining port city and a center of blockade running activity .
For the run past bristling Forts Morgan and Gaines and into Mobile Bay , Farragut gathered a fleet of 18 ships — including four of the latest ironclads , the powerful Tecumseh and Manhattan and their massive 15 - inch Dahlgrens , and Winnebago and Chickasaw , each carrying four 11 - inch Dahlgrens .
For the Union , success there represented a nail in the Confederate coffin .
For Galena — now captained by Lt. Cmdr. Clark H. Wells — the expedition offered a chance at redemption .
Just after dawn on August 5 , 1864 , Farragut ’s ironclads led the advance toward Fort Morgan and Rear Adm .
Franklin Buchanan ’s small defending fleet — the fearsome ironclad Tennessee and the gunboats Gaines , Morgan and Selma .
Trailing closely behind , just to port , were his seven largest wooden warships , each with a smaller gunboat lashed to its port side .
Two years after leading a daring charge up the James River on the Confederate capital , Galena ’s fate was literally tied to another ship , the Oneida .
Almost immediately , Farragut ’s fleet ran into trouble .
Led by Brooklyn , his leading wooden vessels , including his flagship Hartford , began slipping beyond the protective screen of Federal ironclads .
Fearful of that , lest they become quick fodder for the waiting Tennessee despite the fact all the Union wooden ships had chains hung over their sides for extra armor , a desperate Commander Tunis A.M. Craven ordered Tecumseh , still in the lead , to cut through the minefield to intercept the iron - coated ram .
But his gamble failed : At 7:30 a.m. , Tecumseh struck a mine and sank with Craven and 92 others within just a few minutes .
Now Brooklyn ’s captain , hesitant to proceed in the wake of Tecumseh ’s demise , stalled — bottling up the column under the deadly rain of lead issuing from Fort Morgan ’s 45 guns .
Weighing the risks of remaining in place rather than testing the torpedo field , Farragut turned to his pilot and said , “ I will take the lead . ”
The battle turned on the admiral ’s decision .
Fortunate to avoid any live mines , Hartford charged ahead into Mobile Bay .
Continuing to exchange fire with the fort , Brooklyn and the others followed .
Bringing up the rear of the column , Commander J.R.M.
Mullany ’s Oneida came under galling fire .
One shot damaged its steering gear , while others started fires on its decks .
It was nearly out of the fort ’s range when , at 7:50 a.m. , a 7 - inch rifle shell passed through the chain armor and the ship ’s side and exploded in the starboard boiler at the water line .
Nearly all of the firemen and coal heavers below decks were scalded to death or disabled by the escaping steam .
By 8:37 , Oneida had lost the use of at least two of its guns when a shot from Tennessee knocked out a third and severely wounded Mullany .
“ The command of the ship now devolved upon me , ” Lieutenant Charles L. Huntington wrote , “ and the management of the two vessels upon Lieutenant - Commander Wells , of Galena . ”
Fortunately for both men , heavy fire from Farragut ’s ironclads drove Tennessee off and saved their vessels from further mauling .
And while Galena ’s assistant surgeon George P. Wright lent his skills to Oneida ’s busy medical staff , Wells used Galena ’s 800 - hp engine to keep the much heavier Oneida moving speedily to deeper and safer waters .
“ The safety of the ship after the explosion depended upon the Galena , ” Huntington wrote .
“ That we are here quietly at anchor attests how nobly … Wells stood by us . ”
The fight for Mobile Bay was soon over .
With Oneida and Galena out , the rest of Farragut ’s fleet blasted Selma and Gaines out of action ( Morgan escaped up the bay ) , then turned on the still - prowling Tennessee .
Ramming it failed , but the combined point - blank fire of Farragut ’s heavy ironclads eventually put Tennessee out of action .
A gravely wounded Buchanan surrendered at 10 a.m .
Farragut next put his battle - torn fleet to work forcing the surrenders of the three defending Confederate forts .
Powell , well east of Gaines , fell that night ; Gaines surrendered three days later ; but Fort Morgan ’s garrison held out in defiance until Galena , now operating free of the damaged Oneida , and the rest of the fleet pounded it into submission on August 23 .
Although its place on Oneida ’s port side in the initial attack on August 5 had meant that Galena was partially shielded from Fort Morgan ’s guns , Wells ’ gunboat was raked by grape and struck repeatedly by 10 - inch shot , but its crew suffered only three casualties , with only one death .
USS Galena finished out its days quietly .
After three months of duty in the East Gulf and four months of repairs , it returned to river duty in the Eastern theater , where its career had begun so ignobly .
In 1872 , a decade after its celebrated birth in Mystic , the ironclad - turned - gunboat was broken up at the Norfolk Navy Yard .
Louis Goldsborough had called Galena “ a poor stick for an iron clad , ” and it would be hard to argue otherwise .
The failure of Samuel Pook ’s skimpy armor arrangement doomed Galena to become the forgotten ironclad — the only one of the Union ’s famed first three to fail .
Given the opportunity to fight “ in her own skin ” alongside other anonymous wooden gunboats , however , the vessel at least lived up to the faith placed in it back in Mystic .
This article was written by Eric Ethier and originally published in the February 2008 issue of Civil War Times Magazine .
For more great articles , subscribe to Civil War Times magazine today !
The Hideous Name
By Rob Pike and P.J. Weinberger ( AT&T Bell Laboratories Murray Hill , New Jersey 07974 )
ABSTRACT
“ The principles of good naming in computing have been known for decades .
The invention of new facilities in computing systems can be guided by these principles .
For example , the introduction of networking need not require any change to the majority of system utilities , because objects such as files on remote machines can be given syntacti- cally familiar names within the local machine ’s name space .
Indeed , the implementers of networks often do well by these standards by striving to make remote files essentially indistinguishable from local ones .
Unfortunately , the situation with internetwork mail addresses is not as satisfactory .
The practitioners of internetworking would profit by understanding the benefits of simple , uniform syntax . ”
Jugene am FZ Jülich ( Bild : FZ Jülich )
Gleich drei neue Supercomputer nehmen im Forschungszentrum Jülich ( FZ Jülich ) die Rechenarbeit auf : Der von 167,3 Teraflops im vergangenen Jahr auf jetzt rund 1 Petaflops aufgerüstete Jugene , der von Bull gebaute Fusionsrechner HPC-FF und das Sun-Constellation - System Juropa .
Der " alte " Jugene bestand aus 65536 PowerPC - 450 - Prozessorkernen mit je 850 MHz Taktfrequenz in 16 Racks .
Dieses System wurde in das neue IBM - Blue - Gene / P- System integriert , das nun insgesamt 73.728 der Quad - Core - Prozessoren – also 294.912 32 - Bit - PowerPC-Kerne – in 72 wassergekühlten
Racks umfasst .
Mit rund 1 PFlops ist der neue Jugene Europas schnellster Superrechner , er würde aktuell in der Top500 - Liste , deren nächste Ausgabe anlässlich der ISC'09 Ende Juni veröffentlicht wird , einen der ersten fünf Plätze belegen .
Bild 1 von 4 Gleich drei neue Supercomputer in Jülich ( 4 Bilder ) Jugene besteht aus 72 der für IBM - Blue - Gene / P- Systeme typischen " schrägen " Racks .
( Bild : FZ Jülich )
Erst Anfang des Jahres 2009 war die endgültige Entscheidung für die Installation des PFlops - Rechners im FZ Jülich gefallen ; Jugene gehört zum Gauss Centre for Supercomputing ( GCS ) mit weiteren Standorten in Garching ( LRZ ) und Stuttgart ( HLRS ) und zur Partnership for Advanced Computing in Europe ( PRACE ) .
Ebenfalls im Rahmen einer internationalen Partnerschaft , nämlich der Forschung am Fusionsreaktor ITER , ist der HPC -FF ans FZ Jülich gelangt .
Er besteht aus 1080 Cluster - Knoten mit je zwei Intel - Prozessoren vom Typ Xeon X5570 ( Quad - Core Nehalem - EP , 2,93 GHz ) und leistet 101 TFlops .
Ganz ähnlich aufgebaut ist Juropa :
Hier stecken allerdings fast doppelt so viele Xeon - X5570 - Prozessoren in den 2208 Sun-Servern .
Herz des Sun-Constellation - Systems ist ein QDR - Infiniband - Switch ; für Spezialaufgaben lassen sich Juropa und HPC -FF zusammenschalten .
Beide nutzen dasselbe Lustre - Storage - Subsystem ; als Betriebssystem dient Suse Linux Enterprise 11 , als Cluster - Middleware ParaStation
( Update : ) Noch im vergangenen November hatte das FZ Jülich gemeldet , dass Juropa und HPC-FF als einheitliches Juropa - System mit 16.000 Xeons und Bull als Hauptlieferant geplant sei .
Das trifft laut Firma Bull nicht zu ; vielmehr seien die beiden Systeme unabhängig voneinander geplant gewesen .
( ciw )
A Nebraska doctor said Wednesday that he will perform third - term abortions in Kansas after the slaying of abortion provider George Tiller , but would not say whether he will open a new facility or offer the procedure at an existing practice .
This is a completely selfless act .
Carhart must know that he will become the instant number - one target of anti-abortion terrorism , and yet he 's still pledging to uphold the American tradition of not giving into or negotiation with terrorists , be they foreign or domestic .
Dr. LeRoy Carhart declined to discuss his plans in detail during a telephone interview with The Associated Press , but insisted " there will be a place in Kansas for the later second - and the medically indicated third - trimester patients very soon . "
I offer up my support to Dr. Carhart , his staff , and those in or around Kansas who seek out his medical services .
I do n't necessarily agree with the services provided , but as they are legal , I applaud their efforts to stand up to right - wing murder and terrorism and maintain the United States as a country governed by the rule of law , rather than the law of the gun .
09 月 30 日
股票配资：寰球仙逝100万！世卫却说可靠人数被低估，张文宏适才发声：最担忧的事来了！今日，一个酸心的数字：按照美国约翰斯·霍普金斯大学最新宣告的新冠疫情统计数据卖弄，寰球累计仙逝病例胜过100万例。更使人酸心的是，这一数字，隔绝寰球累计仙逝病例胜过90万例，仅往日了20天操纵。世卫称新冠可靠病亡数据被低估世卫构造迫切状况摆设实行主任迈克·瑞安28日日表白，可靠的影响和仙逝数字极可能被低估了。“当你统计任何货色时，你都没法完备地统计出完毕。但我也许向你保险，方今的数字能够是低估的可靠仙逝人数，”当被问及寰球仙逝人数时，他在该机构日内瓦总部的信息宣告会上说。世卫构造官员28日还表白，
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A leading US scientist whose work helped lead to the development of the anti-impotency drug Viagra has died .
Robert Furchgott shared a Nobel prize in 1998 for work showing that the gas nitric oxide played an important role in the cardiovascular system .
The discovery that the gas could help enlarge blood vessels was a factor in the development of Viagra by the US pharmaceutical company Pfizer .
Mr Furchott 's family announced he had died in Seattle on Tuesday .
He was 92 .
March 21 , 2009 at 19:10 Tags Articles , Math , Python
Did you ever think about the most efficient method to perform integer exponentiation , that is , raising an integer a to an integer power b , when either a or b , or both , are rather large ?
Repeated multiplication
The naive method is , of course , repeated multiplications .
is a multiplied by itself b times .
Here 's how it 's coded in my pseudo - code of choice , Python : def expt_mul ( a , b ) : r = 1 for i in xrange ( b ) : r *= a return r Is this efficient ?
Not really , as we require b multiplications , and as I said earlier b can be very large ( think number theory algorithms ) .
In fact , there 's a much more efficient method .
Exponentiation by squaring
The efficient exponentiation algorithm is based on the simple observation that for an even b , .
This may not look very brilliant , but now consider the following recursive definition :
The case of odd b is trivial , as it's obvious that .
So now we can compute by doing only log ( b ) squarings and no more than log( b ) multiplications , instead of b multiplications - and this is a vast improvement for a large b .
This algorithm can be coded in a straightforward way : def expt_rec ( a , b ) : if b == 0 : return 1 elif b % 2 == 1 : return a * expt_rec( a , b - 1 ) else : p = expt_rec( a , b / 2 ) return p * p Indeed , this algorithm is about 10 times faster than the naive one for exponents in the order of a few thousands .
When the exponent is about 100 K , it is more than 100 times faster , and the difference keeps growing for larger exponents .
An iterative implementation
It will be useful to develop an iterative implementation for the fast exponentiation algorithm .
For this purpose , however , we need to dive into some mathematics .
We can represent the exponent b as : Where are the bits ( 0 or 1 ) of b in base 2 . is then :
Or , in other words : for k such that can be computed by repetitive squaring , and moreover , we can reuse the result from a lower k to compute a higher k .
This directly translates into the following iterative algorithm : def expt_bin_rl ( a , b ) : r = 1 while 1 : if b % 2 == 1 : r *= a b /= 2 if b == 0 : break a *= a return r
To understand how the algorithm works , try to relate it to the formula from above .
Using a standard " divide by two and look at the LSB " loop , the exponent b is broken into its binary representation .
The lowest bits of b are considered first .
a is continually squared to hold , and is multiplied into the result only when .
This algorithm is called right - to - left binary exponentiation , because the binary representation of the exponent is computed from right to left ( from the LSB to the MSB ) .
A related algorithm can be developed if we prefer to look at the binary representation of the exponent from left to right .
Left - to - right binary exponentiation Going over the bits of b from MSB to LSB , we get : def expt_bin_lr ( a , b ) : r = 1 for bit in reversed ( _bits_of_n ( b ) ) : r *= r if bit == 1 : r *= a return r
Where _bits_of_n is a method returning the binary representation of its argument as an array of bits from LSB to MSB ( which is then reversed , as you see ) : def _bits_of_n ( n ) : " " " Return the list of the bits in the binary representation of n , from LSB to MSB " " " bits = [ ] while n : bits.append(n % 2 ) n /= 2 return bits Rationale : consider how you " build " a number from its binary representation when seen from MSB to LSB .
You begin with 1 for the MSB ( which is always 1 , by definition , for numbers > 0 ) .
For each new bit you see you double the result , and if the bit is 1 , you add 1 .
For example consider the binary 1101 .
Begin with 1 for the leftmost 1 .
We have another bit , so we double .
That 's 2 .
Now , the new bit is 1 , so we add 1 , that 's 3 .
We have another bit , so again double , that 's 6 .
The new bit is 0 , so nothing is added .
And we have one more bit , so once again double , getting 12 , and finally adding 1 , getting 13 .
Indeed , 1101 is the binary representation of 13 .
Back to the exponentiation now .
As you see in the code of expt_bin_lr , the binary representation of the exponent is read from MSB to LSB .
Since this is the exponent , each " doubling " from the rationale above is squaring , and each " adding 1 " is multiplying by the number itself .
Hence , the algorithm works .
Malaysia is one of the four countries on the blacklist The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) has published its blacklist of non-cooperative tax havens .
Costa Rica , Malaysia , and the Philippines are the countries listed as not having agreed to tax standards .
Uruguay had originally been listed too , but later protested that it had been wrongly included .
After listening to its arguments the OECD said it was happy the country had agreed to its tax transparency rules .
The list is part of efforts agreed at the G20 summit to clamp down on havens .
There is also a list of 38 places that have agreed to improve standards but not yet done so , such as Gibraltar , Liechtenstein , Andorra and San Marino .
' Willing to co-operate '
On Thursday , G20 leaders agreed to take sanctions against tax havens using the OECD list as its basis .
In their communique , they agreed , " to take action against non-cooperative jurisdictions , including tax havens " .
" We stand ready to deploy sanctions to protect our public finances and financial systems .
The era of banking secrecy is over . "
Uruguay had objected to its inclusion on the list , published earlier on Friday .
The South American country sent a letter to Angel Gurria , secretary - general of the OECD , from its finance minister Alvaro García .
He informed the OECD that Uruguay had formally endorsed the body 's standards on transparency and exchange of information .
" I am pleased that Uruguay joins a growing number of nations willing to co-operate in fighting tax evasion and other tax abuses , " said Mr Gurria .
Pressure Angel Gurria , secretary general of the OECD , said that the G20 summit had helped to focus minds on the issue of tax havens .
There were frosty negotiations between France and China over the inclusion of Macau
Paul Mason , BBC Two Newsnight economics editor
The tax haven that vanished " We've had more progress in the last two weeks on this matter than we 've had in the last 10 or 12 years , " he told the BBC .
He added that the progress had come despite the leaders not specifying what sanctions they would take .
" [ Non-cooperating countries ] will move because they know the question of sanctions , however ill - defined that was , is going to affect them somehow . "
The Philippines is already reported to be taking steps to remove itself from the blacklist .
" The Philippine government would take the necessary steps to ensure we meet their expectations , " Trade Secretary Peter Favila told the Associated Press news agency .
" It is really up to us to prove them wrong . "
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that his country should not be on the blacklist at all .
" We should not be in that category as , in practice , we have been committed to OECD requirements , " he said in a statement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sick Chrysler car deals View photos
Get ready for a truly amazing fire sale .
Many doomed Chrysler dealerships are stuck with some decent cars and trucks on their lots that they need to unload by June 9 .
Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Obama administration on Tuesday is set to propose stricter fuel economy standards in an effort to cut down vehicle greenhouse gas emissions .
The plan will require passenger cars and light trucks to get an overall average of 35.5 miles per gallon by 2016 , according to a senior administration official with knowledge of the plan .
By that year , cars will be expected to average about 39 mpg and 30 mpg for trucks .
Current fuel economy standards are 27.5 mpg for cars and 23.1 mpg for trucks .
The Obama plan would accelerate by four years new fuel economy standards passed by Congress at the end of 2007 .
Fuel economy will be increased gradually beginning in 2012 and continuing through 2016 .
The administration predicts the changes will save 1.8 billion barrels of oil by 2016 .
That 's roughly what the country goes through in about 86 days , according to numbers from the Energy Information Administration .
The proposed plan is expected to add about $ 600 to the cost of a car , the official said .
That 's on top of $ 700 added by changes to fuel economy rules that have already been recently enacted , the official said , but consumers should be able to save enough in gas to make up for the cost .
As it stands now , Corporate Average Fuel Economy , or CAFE , standards are administered by the Department of Transportation 's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
The new rules will be administered jointly by the Department of Transportation and the Environmental Protection Agency , according to several reports .
The EPA is responsible for formulating the fuel economy figures shown on new car window stickers and used by shoppers .
The EPA also regulates exhaust emissions .
Obama will unveil the changes at a 12:15 p.m. ET event in the Rose Garden on Tuesday .
Administration officials say that California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm will both be in attendance for the event along with executives from auto manufacturing companies .
The Obama proposals would represent a big shift in how the government regulates fuel economy .
Such regulation typically has not focused on greenhouse gas emissions like carbon dioxide , or CO2 .
In April 2007 , the Supreme Court ruled that CO2 was a dangerous pollutant that could be regulated by the EPA .
Many other pollutants can be cleaned out of exhaust by the catalytic converter , but currently there is no way to clean C02 out of a car 's exhaust .
The only way to reduce it is by reducing the amount of fuel burned .
Which roadmap to follow ?
For years environmental groups have pressured both the EPA and the powerful California Air Resources Board to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles .
The California board creates emissions standards for the state that are also followed by 14 other states .
As part of this plan , California has agreed not to pursue its own standard , at least until 2016 .
The 35.5 mpg fuel economy standards conforms to what California would have required by 2016 .
Automakers have been fighting separate state and federal regulations in court , arguing that they could create an unworkable patchwork of competing fuel economy standards .
Major automakers are expected to support the new federal plan .
The federal government 's new plan could try to satisfy environmental groups while offering struggling automakers a single goal they could try to meet .
Dave McCurdy , president and CEO of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , noted there has been a debate for nearly a decade over whether states or the federal government should regulate autos .
" President Obama 's announcement ends that old debate by starting a federal rulemaking to set a national program , " said McCurdy .
" Automakers are committed to working with the President to develop a national program administered by the federal government . "
Environmental groups , who have been briefed in advance of the official announcement , are already hailing the changes as an historic effort to combat global warming .
Administration officials claim the changes will be the equivalent of taking 177 million cars off the road in terms of impact on the environment .
" These new national rules build on California 's ground - breaking standards to tackle global warming pollution from cars and trucks , " said Frances Beinecke , president of the National Resources Defense Council .
" Starting in model year 2012 , the new standards will deliver cleaner , higher - mileage cars nationwide , cut global warming pollution , and save drivers money every time they fill up . "
CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report
This article originally appeared in Journeybook : Travels on the Frontiers of Consciousness , a recently released anthology of altered states , essays , history and manifesto for psychedelic culture in the 21st century .
It covers the modern usage of sacramental plants and offers insights into traditional and contemporary shamanism , as well as analysis of the current state of global psychedelic culture and its place in a sustainable future .
Phil ’s sitting on a bed in a crashpad somewhere in the UK about to smoke Salvia Divinorum , an ancient Mazatec hallucinogenic herb .
He ’s a gangly lad in his 20s with shoulder - length dark hair , dressed in blue jeans and a dark t- shirt .
As his friend hands him the bong he bites his lip in anticipation of this strange new drug he ’s about to be filmed taking , which will later be posted on YouTube and broadcast to the world .
The background music is “ Over The Line ” by The Crystal Method from the Tweekend album , a chilled favourite of the salvia set .
Phil ’s friend lights the bong — it ’s a 5 x dose , not a massive hit but a decent sized pinch .
Smoke curls up the chamber .
Phil coughs , quickly holds his nose to stop any smoke escaping , then leans back against the wall as the effects start to come on .
Within seconds he ’s in another world .
A smile breaks across his face and he keeps reaching forward like he ’s grasping for something interdimensionally , trying to cut and open a door in the air with his hands .
“ Ah , now I get it , ” he says , his speech slurred and his body motor control impaired .
He begins fidgeting around on the bed , gesticulating erratically .
“ Whooaww , whooaahhh ” he says , over and over , waving his arms above his head like he ’s at a rock concert .
It ’d be tragic if it was n’t so funny .
And Phil ’s not alone : middle class white stoners in the suburbs ; boys in the hood ; party crews in Beverly Hills ; drug geeks in their bedrooms .
A new wave of psychedelic trippers are smoking salvia and posting their experiences on YouTube in a social networking phenomenon that ’s flustering parents and lawmakers around the world , and exposing the ritual of drug taking as never before .
Now even the sacred is commercial , just another content package for a hungry world .
Author D.M. Turner states in his book , Salvinorin —
The Psychedelic Essence of Salvia Divinorum that the plant ’s effects may include : “ Uncontrollable laughter , past memories , such as revisiting places from childhood , sensations of motion , or being pulled or twisted by forces ; visions of membranes , films and various two - dimensional surfaces ; merging with or becoming objects and overlapping realities , such as the perception of being in several locations at once . ”
Is there any wonder bored kids across the Western world are turning to it in droves ?
This is n’t the first time users have broadcast their attempts to break open their head and explore higher consciousness .
There were the Romantic poets — Byron , Shelley , Keats et al , whose indulgences in laudanum made for some florid 19th century poetry .
Thomas de Quincey similarly bared his altered state in Confessions of an English Opium Eater .
And the 20th century was synonymous with writers and the drugs they explored : Leary and Kesey ( LSD ) ; Burroughs and Irving Welsh ( heroin ) ; Hunter S. Thomson ( speed , mescaline and whatever he could get his hands on ) , to name just a few .
But this time it ’s different — now the internet allows the masses to share video footage of their trips with a global public — so you do n’t have to read about it , you can see it , virtually in real - time .
Stevo looks a little like the guy from Harry Potter , caught in the headlights of a UFO .
“ How do you feel bro ? ” his friend asks , giggling at his utterly bewildered state .
Salvia divinorum , also known as “ Diviner ’s Sage , ” has been called “ the most powerful hallucinogenic known to mankind ” by enthusiasts on the net .
How do you think he feels on salvia with a camera phone in his face ?
Stevo ’s confused , disorientated , and he needs help .
He ’s been thrust into a completely alien headspace and all his friend here can do is assault him with his camera phone , laughing his ass off .
“ Where … what ’s going to happen ? ”
Stevo asks , like a small child .
“ Its just a drug , it ’s that salvia shit we just picked up .
C’mon bro .
It ’s going to go away …
Let me try this shit out bro…
Is it sick or what ? ”
Totally sick , bro .
Because in the post - Jackass , reality - TV generation nothing is sacred .
Not the person ’s individual trip , nor the drug they use to trip on .
The crushing irony is that salvia divinorum used to be one of the most sacred of plant allies to the Mazatec Indians of Mexico , who preserved its secret from the invading Spanish conquistadors for hundreds of years .
It was whispered in secret tones and kept to the inner shamanic circles until the early - 20th century .
The Mazatecs still use it to see shamanic visions for divination and to heal , but by the late - 1990s salvia had become available on the internet in increasingly concentrated extracts up to 40 times as strong as the natural strength leaf itself — and that ’s where the party started .
Salvia users on YouTube brag about the concentration and potency of the plant , saying these are extremely super - powerful psychoactives that can catapult you out of your body or melt you into the furniture , becoming the very molecules of the things around you .
One YouTube salvia poster called “ hut141 ” remembers the first time he tripped out on salvia : “ It was 20 x extract .
It was like reality became a landscape of some new kind of 3D .
Time and space were both warped .
Half of my entity was infinitely empty and the other infinitely full , ” he wrote in the YouTube comments section .
The journey of the soul can now be bookmarked , but as the YouTube phenomenon spreads it ’s also gaining mainstream attention – and begrudging respect .
Last year even the prestigious UK magazine New Scientist published a scientific account of a researcher ’s salvia trip : “ … The salvia took me on a consciousness - expanding journey unlike any other I have ever experienced .
My body felt disconnected from me ’ and objects and people appeared cartoonish , surreal and marvellous , ” reported Vince Gaia .
Which is a polite way of saying , “ you trip HARD AS FUCK for like 5 minutes ” , as a salvia video from PartyNetwork.tv states .
And amazingly it ’s legal — for now .
It ’s a typical frat party scenario somewhere in middle America — it looks like an amateur porn video in the making , except the blonde girl on the couch is going down on an alien psychedelic from some Mexican plant .
“ It does n’t matter the size hit you get , you gotta hold it in all the way , ” a guy says to her as the blonde ’s salvia virginity is shattered forever .
“ Are you fucking serious ? ? ? ” she laughs uncontrollably .
But is she talking about the effects of the drug or her friends trying to make her move like a lab rat across vast dimensional spaces while being filmed on drugs ?
“ I love that … ” she says , coming down .
“ Oh my God , did it fuck me up …
Let ’s do it again ! ”
Even the trippers can’t believe how this one slipped through the cultural firewall .
“ How is this legal , I do n’t understand it ? ” the guy in the PartyNetwork. tv clip says .
Yet the wildfire popularity of salvia — and the adverse publicity from the YouTube salvia videos have seen it banned on a local level in over a dozen US states , with the predictable backlash raising the moral majority into a legislative frenzy .
In April 2008 Kenneth Rau , a 46 - year - old bottling plant worker with an interest in herbalism , altered states , religion and spirituality , was arrested for possession of a few ounces of salvia that he had bought off eBay .
Unbeknownst to Mr Lau , his home state of North Dakota had criminalised salvia back in August 2007 , riding on a legislative shockwave in the wake of the YouTube videos .
Zealous prosecutors dubbed his stash as possession with intent to sell , despite the fact the amount was the minimum quantity available from eBay and only cost US $ 32 — hardly a lucrative resell market .
Worse still , Google pulled up ads for salvia on the website of a local TV station that reported on Lau ’s arrest , as if to testify to the easy availability of the mint .
Australia banned salvia in 2002 but it ’s still legal to varying degrees in the UK , Canada , parts of Europe and elsewhere in the world .
This is because despite its powerful psychedelic effects , salvia ’s chemical properties are significantly different under analogue drug acts from that of other psychoactive drugs like LSD — and the plant , part of the mint family , can also be cultivated horticulturally .
But despite long use in its indigenous setting , and an understanding that salvia is non-toxic and not addictive , conservative commentators have responded by calling the plant a “ dangerous threat to society . ”
In a June , 2007 interview with the San Francisco Chronicle , however , salvia - expert Daniel Siebert , who led a team that helped identify the plant ’s psychoactive mechanism and popularised the drug in the West , admitted : “ Those videos are certainly not going to help the situation .
They make salvia look like some horrible drug that makes people nuts and dangerous [ … ]
The sad thing is it creates this public image where people do n’t realize there are sensible ways to use something like this . ”
And that ’s the real problem , not that people are using plant entheogens to connect to altered states , nor this new spin of uploading their trips to the net .
The real issue is that the West lacks the guidance of indigenous elders to show how to use these plant tools correctly .
And while the potential for responsible use is there — it does n’t make great video .
Because no matter how much content it hosts , even YouTube can’t capture the Divine .
Image by oceandesetoiles , courtesy of Creative Commons license .
Permalink for sharing !
2008 -05 - 13 Posted May 13 , 2008 at 12:00 am Discuss this comic in the forum Wow !
Superman has stationery !
2008 -05 - 12 Posted May 12 , 2008 at 12:00 am Discuss this comic in the forum
2008 -05 - 11 Posted May 11 , 2008 at 12:00 am Discuss this comic in the forum
2008 -05 - 10 Posted May 10 , 2008 at 12:00 am
Thanks again , yahoo hosting ...
Discuss this comic in the forum
A number of non-Apple netbook users that have installed Mac OS X on their systems are reporting that the recent update to 10.5.7 for Leopard has brought significant improvements to the diminutive mobile computers .
" A bunch of people running a hackintoshed Dell Mini 9 or MSI Wind are reporting an extra hour of battery life with 10.5.7 over 10.5.6 , " a developer told Ars .
This is corroborated by a user at MSI Wind forums , who says he is seeing a full five hours from a six - cell battery with the update — a 33 percent improvement over the 3:45 he was able to get out of 10.5.6 .
" I can verify this to be true , " he wrote .
I 've fully charged and used it till it went dead twice now . "
Currently , there appears to be no known cause of the improvement , as AppleIntelCPUPowerManagement .
kext is generally disabled on hackintoshed netbooks to eliminate crashing associated with that kernel extension .
While the improvement could be due to overall optimizations in the OS , no one in Ars Orbiting HQ has noticed any appreciable improvement in battery life with our current Apple laptops .
Since the phenomenon appears to be limited to Atom - based netbooks ( as far as we can tell ) , this could be an indicator that Apple may yet have a product that 's smaller than a notebook but bigger than an iPhone up its sleeve .
" When I look at what 's being sold in the netbook space today , I see cramped keyboards , terrible software , junky hardware , very small screens , " Apple COO Tim Cook told analysts last month .
That does n't preclude Apple from introducing something to compete with netbooks , but you can expect anything that Apple might unveil in this space to address those issues .
Get the Vampires The Masquerade v6.1 patch off WP ( 80/160 mb )
This is an unofficial patch for Vampire : The Masquerade - Bloodlines by Troika Games .
It 's a cumulative patch containing all the previous patches and is intended for english retail or Direct2 Drive versions !
Applying this patch to a version in another language will work also , but all texts in the game previously appearing in that language will be replaced by the english versions with the exception of the menus .
To install the patch extract this archive into the game folder using options that keep the directory structure intact and overwrite every file of the same name .
Removing it is only possible by reinstallion .
This patch fixes many bugs , restores unused content and mods some of the game to improve the consistency of the presented world .
It ought to be installed right on top of the Troika Games official patch 1.2 .
More basic changes are listed first in the version history , then bug fixes and more .
It is recommended to start a new game after patching to avoid odd behaviour .
Patching also resets all options to default .
Both editors used for the creation of this patch are included in the vdata directory .
Many thanks go to Turvy for VPKTool and RobinHood70 for BSPEdit .
Everything else can be done using a normal text editor .
Tips and Tricks :
When using the console , be sure to activate it from the menu only .
To reinstall clean up registry and remove vtmb.ini from / windows .
On start crashings force refresh rate override or use - dxlevel 80 .
If you experience stutter on dual core systems turn one core off .
Do n't save or leave maps with disciplines active to avoid crashes .
At high Obfuscate levels use attack to stealth kill without fail .
When controls are sticky start the game in Win98 compability mode .
Have four empty inventory slots when taking Imalia 's Tawni quest .
If you can't read papers re-bind " use " away from the mousebuttons .
To avoid crashes do n't play sounds with the Windows Media Player .
If a container auto - closes right - click the objects to choose them .
Enemy death may open doors and give items , which Trance does not .
Some feed victims stay in Trance so do n't bite quest - related ones .
Occasionally Beckett stays in wolf form when meeting him , reload .
Game may crash in cutscenes if you are Obfuscated , so turn it off .
If you experience random attacking bind attack away from " enter " .
Rarely your appartment may get full of strange stuff , just reload .
If a cutscene freezes try reload or type frenzyplayer in console .
When getting problems with a history during the tutorial , skip it .
v6.1
(+) denotes changes to plus pack
+ Restored active fragmentation grenade from Nines , thanks to Lenuska .
Made Hannah 's vents unlock and removed SM blueblood after Dominate .
Added two more times to feed from Heather and fixed Sin Bin PC text .
Fixed dialogues for Patty , Gary , Romero , Pisha , Arthur and Beckett .
Made Auto - Level button unambiguous and fixed icons at the warehouse .
Doubled explosion damage of shellboxes and fixed Leopold Society's .
Restored an unused poster to parking garage and six more to netcafe .
Fixed getting a second key from Empire clerk and minor text issues .
Prevented museum guard from dropping multiple storage room keycards .
Made Jack acknowledge stealth killing the tutorial sneaking Sabbat .
Moved Empire hotel computer to backroom and raised helicopter noise .
Fixed log update issue when killing Boris and a Cal dialogue issue .
Made it possible to trigger serial killer quest from all newspapers .
Fixed tutorial humanity bug and other python errors , thanks to mzz .
Restored laughter of Mr. Ox and a few sounds around the Ocean House .
Corrected a wrong sign in warrens and removed icon of Mitnick 's PC .
Swapped wrong manhole covers for Griffith Park and Giovanni Mansion .
Removed test button in Ventrue clan popup and minor level problems .
Improved sound effects of morgue doors and Kamikaze Zen vault doors .
Fixed texture error with the third Gangrel armor , thanks to MooCha .
Restored some missing sound schemes and fixed a few particle errors .
Added missing third card playing thug to conversation at warehouse .
Corrected console bugs and replaced grenade icon , thanks to Lenuska .
Fixed Protean level 5 melee switching and Giovanni guard awareness .
Restored missing Malkavian lines for Damsel and some last subtitles .
v6.0
(+) denotes changes to plus pack
+ Added Tremere Dominate tutorial info and repaired all clan CD email .
+ Repaired Heather remembrance dialogue and Gary 's poster quest bugs .
+ Made Ventrue enemies use disciplines and SWAT in armor not biteable .
+ Added quest logs for Giovanni candidates and for the final endgame .
+ Restored security guard and a sequence into the Skyeline Apartments .
+ Made Romero pimpin quest available after zombie and fixed firearms .
Set the date of the game to 22.10.2004 and fixed minor text issues .
Set the date of the game to 22.10.2004 and fixed minor text issues .
Added option to pay Vandal in case you can't find him a replacement .
Restored two Asylum emails and added Johansen to Empire suite list .
Swapped an unique quest car at Giovanni's and repaired it 's texture .
Restored erotic situations for the downtown , Hollywood and SM hubs .
Moved library card to locked Empire room and fixed Chunks attacking .
Added subtitles for the remaining conversations , thanks to Voerman .
Stopped Copper from leaving for infusion and improved selling order .
Repaired Nadia's " c'mon " sequence , speaker names and a door handle .
Restored Ventrues to tower using females and Toreadors as variation .
Swapped wrecks on Blood Hunt map and added missing bar - break sound .
Fixed quest log update and xp gain on reaching Ming 's inner sanctum .
Made sweeper and Bertram Tung use disciplines if they are attacked .
Restored censored blood for intro and added some to the Hallowbrook .
Fixed pony tail of Kerri and glasses of Mandarin , thanks to MooCha .
Removed not working blood return when fighting against the Tzimisce .
Prevented gaining surplus xp by spoiling multiple Giovanni secrets .
Restored Dima and clinic guard text and removed a model at junkyard .
Fixed several bad particle files for magic fires and other effects .
Made Leatherface and Drifter player histories more likely to frenzy .
Added radio transcripts , thanks ellipsis_jones and gothemasticator .
Restored two Ocean House ghosts and Hellcat plus forklift sequences .
Removed Fu Syndicate lobby keypad code to avoid breaking the level .
Included official patch 1.2 files because official VTMB site closed .
v5.9
(+) denotes changes to plus pack
+ Made player heal before Blood Hunt and repaired bad CD quest update .
+ Added Heather remembrance lines and fixed Gary poster quest issues .
+ Made Isaac recognize the Tzimisce defeat for non-Toreador clans too .
+ Added ring and watch to pawnshop and fixed two Copper log problems .
+ Made damage by fire more consistent for Andrei and Sheriff warforms .
+ Fixed quest log updates for Ash , Romero and Heather on their death .
Fitted Cathayan report dates to morgue pc dates and fixed bum quest .
Corrected Milligan not leaving cutscene and improved anti-cheating .
Fixed beastform model and added slash sound to Heather 's last scene .
Corrected Gimble and Nines Obfuscate issues and minor text details .
Fixed minor dialogue problems of Heather , Knox , Skelter and Beckett .
Added subtitles for cutscenes and conversations , thanks to Voerman .
Restored some Ocean House and beachhouse lines and Chunk - Asylum fix .
Corrected basic healing rate and added one sound to Muddy cutscene .
Removed xp for Romero loving after zombie quest but made him return .
Fixed Vandal endgame freeze and wrong door sound at the Ramen shop .
Made Chastity not biteable and fixed Sin Bin handle and area change .
Swapped Igor 's .38 with GLOCK 19 and gave more hit points to Larry .
Replaced money in Kamikaze Zen safe by name plate to fix xp problem .
Exchanged Brawl and Finance book locations inside the Empire hotel .
Swapped dancers between clubs to avoid too many similar ones nearby .
Gave GLOCKs to hunters in Ash sewers to fit gun shown on the model .
Restored the uncensored US decapitation cutscene , thanks to Keleigh .
v5.8
(+) denotes changes to plus pack
+ Added two new poster quests for card , plate , star and grenade props .
+ Made Ventrue start off with Charisma +1 instead of Camarilla bonus .
+ Re-named .38 " Colt Police Positive Special " and fixed Regent reward .
+ Sending Copper after the president triggers a Masquerade violation .
+ Made Isaac recognize the Tzimisce defeat even if you pissed him off .
Restored basic Blood Buff and Heather , and horror tapes label name .
Corrected Obfuscate issues with serial killer , Hengeyokai and Boris .
Put purse in diner if Doris is dead and fixed Gallery cops leaving .
Restored multiple endgame stock - ups by closing Skyeline haven vents .
Replaced unknowable names for Danielle , Spicoli and Sin Bin dancer .
Fixed log updates regarding Therese spirit and Regent plague quests .
Added cop cars to Beachhouse map and fixed other minor map details .
Corrected dialogues of Mercurio , E , Trip and Isaac Gargoyle problem .
Added one xp for stealing the Kamikaze Zen money and adjusted logs .
Lowered award for killing a demon in his human form to two xps only .
Adjusted fonts issues regarding Dementation and Tremere Domination .
Removed the Lotus patron after you placed the talisman successfully .
Edited history and occult item descriptions to display percentages .
Added Lilly 's purse to her belongings and improved book drop sounds .
Fixed minor dialogue problems with Trip , Flynn , Heather and Copper .
Re-fixed tutorial .38 exploit and added ModDevGuide , thanks to Dheu .
Turned Chantry haven into Masquerade area to fix Tremere detriment .
Included > 2 GB patched shaderapidx9.dll , thanks to Jor and Wabbite .
Added missing light effects to cop cars appearing at Venture Tower .
Patched engine.dll and shaderapidx9.dll files are included to repair the coronas - gone - after - reloading and blurry - or - missing - textures - with - more - than - 2 - GB - memory bugs , as well as backups of the 1.2 versions .
v5.7
(+) indicates changes to Plus version
+ Restored Skelter with his dialogue to Lucky Star during the endgame .
+ Adjusted maximal ammo to match clip size and raised rifle accuracy .
+ Moved Fat Larry into Confession alley and restored Fae Charm reward .
+ Restored crossbow bolts and rifle bullets buyable from all vendors .
+ Made Toreador start with Appearance +1 and increased falling damage .
Changed severed arm pickup sound and added two missing mode sounds .
Fixed taxi driver , E , Razor , Yukie , Mercurio , Nadia and Jack issues .
Made Larry send spam email to show that vendors update their stock .
Swapped several Ventrues with helipad SWATs and fixed their texture .
Removed second tutorial enemy for Presence because of common popup .
Prevented talking with Chunk when someone else attacked the Gallery .
Corrected sliding doors , some handles and an icon at Venture Tower .
Fixed logs for Copper , Heather , werewolf blood and Metalhead quests .
Corrected wrong icons at the Ocean House and Jezebel Locke 's trunk .
Made Astrolite undroppable again and added a Regent Blood Hunt line .
Unified burning barrel and fire explosion damage on several levels .
Turned the Firemage and Ventrues into females for male clan members .
Fixed issues for bums , Pisha , Copper , Empire clerk and Bishop Vick .
Added missing cabbie aura to three maps and fixed minor text issues .
Corrected Temple maps start orientation , inspections and a tin can .
Improved corpse variety in warrens lair and a Blood Hunt enemy pair .
v5.6
(+) indicates changes to Plus version
+ Restored Skelter with his dialogue to Lucky Star during the endgame .
+ Adjusted maximal ammo to match clip size and raised rifle accuracy .
+ Moved Fat Larry into Confession alley and restored Fae Charm reward .
+ Restored crossbow bolts and rifle bullets buyable from all vendors .
+ Made Toreador start with Appearance +1 and increased falling damage .
Changed severed arm pickup sound and added two missing mode sounds .
Fixed taxi driver , E , Razor , Yukie , Mercurio , Nadia and Jack issues .
Made Larry send spam email to show that vendors update their stock .
Swapped several Ventrues with helipad SWATs and fixed their texture .
Removed second tutorial enemy for Presence because of common popup .
Prevented talking with Chunk when someone else attacked the Gallery .
Corrected sliding doors , some handles and an icon at Venture Tower .
Fixed logs for Copper , Heather , werewolf blood and Metalhead quests .
Corrected wrong icons at the Ocean House and Jezebel Locke 's trunk .
Made Astrolite undroppable again and added a Regent Blood Hunt line .
Unified burning barrel and fire explosion damage on several levels .
Turned the Firemage and Ventrues into females for male clan members .
Fixed issues for bums , Pisha , Copper , Empire clerk and Bishop Vick .
Added missing cabbie aura to three maps and fixed minor text issues .
Corrected Temple maps start orientation , inspections and a tin can .
Improved corpse variety in warrens lair and a Blood Hunt enemy pair .
v5.6
+ Made Jack remove .38 to fix exploit and repaired broken Isaac logs .
+ Decreased crossbows criminal level and fixed Sin Bin state reload .
+ Fixed broken Empire hotel card printer usage and made it plus only .
+ Restored first dot Domination options for Tremere during dialogue .
+ Added overlooked humanity losses and restored sheet music of basic .
+ Disabled true sight for Vick , Killer , Cathayan and Blood Guardian .
+ Made Romero train up to Firearms 4 and Beckett up to scholarship 3 .
+ Increased xp gain on freeing Ash and delivering Imalia 's magazine .
Added a few Shin Guntos to sewer hunters and improved end fade out .
Adjusted double Ithaca reload sound and added several drop sounds .
Repaired Barabus quest re-update and a wrong Zhao died quest state .
Corrected faulty Isaac lip - synchro and several minor text details .
Added sound to Kiki cutscene and fixed Hollywood bus stop map typo .
Removed a talk icon in diner and corrected lg firearms book value .
Made player get a look at Gimble 's hand and fixed some map details .
BSPEdit updated to edit several prop stats , thanks to RobinHood70 .
Fixed dialogue issues for Ming , VV , Trip , Boris , Vandal and Damsel .
Made unfinished Regent 's plague quest fail in case you betray him .
Fixed ghouling quest not updating and improved Bertram 's quest log .
Added Vandal gesture for females and fade out at the tutorial end .
Resolved bug when entering the Fu Syndicate while being obfuscated .
Prevented continuing E's quest after you failed it by killing him .
Fixed dialogue bugs of Skelter , Arthur , blueblood , clerk and Venus .
Added a missing light switch and missing door sound to King 's Way .
Removed reference to Ricky at Glaze and made upstairs guards fight .
Repaired several cut off dialogue lines and a few lip - synch issue .
Moved Jack down to Skelter and improved Tin Can Bill 's expressions .
Included 64 bit install and memory tools , thanks to Iain Patterson .
Removed buggy SM haven board and Mercurio 's note after you met him .
Moved Ash song from Empire hotel to the unfinished museum diorama .
Added default 1.2 map and python files to tools , thanks to Offkorn .
Restored katanas to Tongs and removed the one at Fu Syndicate .
Turned hospital into Elysium area during your encounter with Pisha .
Fixed dialogues for Jack , Mercurio , Regent , Razor and taxi driver .
Changed three history humanity penalties to avoid humanity of zero .
Lowered surf computer difficulty and added a Gargoyle quest state .
Made Tawni laptop reflect mission and fixed Zygaena and Yukie bugs .
Stopped Maria and Victor from dropping invitations they do n't own .
Added inspection nodes to some trapdoors in the Giovanni crypt map .
v5.5
+ Moved Pyro Crossbow from Society to Syndicate instead of bloodpack .
+ Changed new stealth rules so that only highest sneaking is harder .
Made Ocean
House quest failure update when reconciling the sisters .
Fixed details with Isaac , Boris , Jack , Heather , Mercurio and Phil .
Implemented ZVTool and added readmes to tools , thanks to ZylonBane .
Lessened vents fade outs at Skyeline Apartments and fixed a decal .
Added second T - Rex sound to museum and corrected some text details .
Restored xps at Glaze for peaceful approach and fixed the monitor .
Fixed morphine quest after warehouse and .38 ammo tutorial exploit .
Added blood loss when ghouling Heather and having fun with others .
Made Sin Bin ATM indestructible to avoid breaking connected script .
Improved card printer usage and added a few more inspection nodes .
Restored original descriptions for crossbow bolts and rifle rounds .
Added several missing doors and adjusted SM endgame bus stop maps .
Moved restored female raver to the Asylum and fixed teeth textures .
Hid Giovanni crypt trapdoor icons and fixed Nadia and zombie bugs .
Removed second Dominate tutorial enemy and Johansen basic problems .
v5.4
+ Repaired braid perception powerup and Yukie and VV dialogue issues .
+ Restored third person melee and included alternate files in tools .
Corrected minor dialogue and map details and two item descriptions .
Swapped tape messages at Grout 's Mansion and fixed clipping ghoul .
Restored Toreador humanity xp bonus and burning Tzimisce creations .
Added many expressions towards Nosferatu and adjusted some others .
Fixed missing Patty quest update and a possible Boris and Dema bug .
Repaired warehouse bum leaving and Romero fun sound playing again .
Fixed Dane crane switch directions and removed Venture window taxi .
Removed Misti freebie for Nosferatu and added a Sweeper reference .
Changed sound for dead body container and some npctemplate genders .
Added short - time bar replacement for Venus in case you killed her .
Made Glaze monitor turn off earlier and fixed Zhao death reference .
Moved Kamikaze
Zen vent exit into a back alley to make more sense .
Corrected wrong observatory manhole sound and many bad drop sounds .
Placed females at the Blood Hunt and restored Heather clothes fix .
Corrected a TBO sign typo and male Tremere model , thanks to MooCHa .
Fixed Prodigy history not being available and Dane computer issue .
Corrected contradiction of Wong Ho newscaster and newspaper report .
Fixed Pestilence for bosses and visible taxi TV icon and triggers .
Restored netcafe headrunner sequence and a Giovanni guard sentence .
Corrected Skelter / Patty issues and removed wrong gestures of Jack .
Restored unused Daniel Ash - Come Alive song into the Empire hotel .
Added TV sound to Nosferatu haven and made Sweeper defend himself .
v5.3
Tweaked new stealth rules and made rating visible at Tawni's place .
Made first person view melee fighting possible , thanks to Offkorn .
Restored plus conditions for hg firearms , computer and dodge books .
Made braid raise perception and improved Fu Syndicate test timing .
Fixed blood return and purge and added xp for hacking freezer code .
Removed warehouse bum before cutscene and made tubes not sellable .
Added some idle expressions to Gimble and Jack during the tutorial .
Fixed minor dialogue bugs , a Dane computer issue and version info .
Restored Jeanette scene for females and Larry 's quest for everyone .
Prevented surplus CD quest email and corrected Maria dress detail .
Fixed Beckett 's scholarship bonus and Pearl item , thanks to MooCHa .
Removed Tzimisce creation burning death and an Empire door handle .
Fixed occasion of Yukie not getting her sword and minor map issues .
Corrected looping conversation and look - through duct at warehouse .
Restored beach house inspection and changed Eldritch Prodigy bonus .
Corrected wrong newspaper icons and restored valve and oven icons .
Replaced sky at the Ocean House hotel to get rid of oversized moon .
v5.1
Removed Intimidation powerup of grenade prop and added it to basic .
Restored Protean 4/5 damage and some enemy discipline resistances .
Made Tseng sell Shin Guntos and normal crossbows instead of Slater .
Restored unused name plate , throwing star and library card models .
Fixed new item models and female Tremere glasses , thanks to MooCHa .
Made only Mercurio sell SWAT rifle rounds and Pyro Crossbow bolts .
Restored five vendor and three context icons and Giovanni 's cabbie .
Made Yukie invincible at Temple and streamlined Gary 's phone call .
Restored hotel guard and warehouse Markus models , thanks to gardeb .
Added fade and sound when loving Romero and sound to pimpin quest .
Restored second Sabbat into warehouse and fixed MP infos and clans .
Improved Santa Monica rain speed and visuals , thanks to ZylonBane .
Armed sewer hunters with GLOCKs and sword hunters with Shin Guntos .
Restored a Gargoyle gesture and removed some of Regent and Prince .
Added special Jeanette email and repaired super - sensible Fu guards .
Removed Romero returning from basic but added him to pimpin quest .
Placed female bums into SM and adjusted cash inventory description .
Made cameras stackable and renamed SWAT rifle " Remington M24 SWS " .
Added Firemage animations and fixed subtitles for dominated victim .
Fixed many enemies not damaging each other even when Blood Boilded .
Delayed Boris ' Dementation reaction and made Dima leave when sent .
Turned all armor and Ocean House pendant not stashable or loosable .
Locked buggy Temple door for good and fixed more props and sounds .
Repaired Tseng shelves problem and added a missing Shu quest state .
Corrected Vandal , Isaac , Misti , Victor and Luca dialogue problems .
Added sound for Giovanni sliding doors and two missing email lines .
Fixed Lu , Heather , Gargoyle , Regent , Trip and Ash dialogue issues .
Renamed Cathayan " Fernando Cougat " and fixed Heather 's morgue date .
Corrected bad Jeanette quest update and made Cal getting re-hired .
Fixed several left over basic / plus stat details , thanks to Offkorn .
Added warehouse start astrolite check and fixed minor text issues .
Removed unfitting sounds at Lotus Blossom and some dialogue pauses .
Fixed asking Malcolm about saved Heather and Knox 's quest looping .
Re-fixed Thaumaturgy with non-humans and fixed Newscaster position .
Fixed double doors at Giovanni Mansion and removed Bruno 's clones .
Added a Vandal line for females and fixed two Venture double doors .
Made Chang 's threat stay in dialogue and fixed Lily 's diary dates .
Moved female disease bum close to Last Round to make her lines fit .
v5.0
Made more basic / plus changes using variable and fixed text details .
Added netcafe entry update for Ash Rivers and delayed Tawni's one .
Made Bach and Shu drop both weapons and removed a basic carry - over .
Added museum and Bertram log states and Blood Buff in Elysium tip .
Added xp for Copper and poster quests and matched basic / plus order .
Moved Tawni poster to Tremere bathroom and restored a Regent line .
Made Hatter drop screenplay on death and corrected Blood Boil info .
Stopped Skelter from blocking you and adjusted Hannah 's book dates .
Added breaking sound to warrens vent and Ocean House floor boards .
Restored Vandal 's alternative for Nosferatu and warehouse bonus xp .
Fixed basic
Ra blade description and it's invisible stats in plus .
Made sarcophagus key not giveable and fixed a basic Imalia exploit .
Improved Tommy 's quest log and fixed Regent and Trip endgame bugs .
Removed inappropriate Buddha moving sound and included python code .
IMPROVING GAME PERFORMANCE
Most performance problems reported to Activision Customer Support are due to computer systems not meeting the minimum system requirements or not having the latest video and sound card drivers installed .
If these are not the causes of any performance problems you are experiencing , we recommend that you try some or all of the following suggestions .
• Set your desktop to a resolution of 800x600 , 32 - bit True Color and play the game at that resolution .
• Shut down all background applications .
• Disable any anti-virus software you are running .
• Set the game ’s Game Options to their minimum settings .
In particular , disable Environmental Effects .
• This game requires a 1400 MB swap file .
If you are using Windows XP , 98 , or ME , make sure that you have “ Let Windows Manage My Virtual Memory ” enabled , and if you are using Windows 2000 , make sure that you have manually set your max swap file size to 1400 MB .
In addition , make that you actually have enough free space on your hard drive to facilitate the swap file ( 1400 MB ) .
A fiercely debated , nine - year investigation into Ireland 's Roman Catholic - run institutions says priests and nuns terrorised thousands of boys and girls in workhouse - style schools for decades — and government inspectors failed to stop the chronic beatings , rapes and humiliation .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
High Court Justice Sean Ryan today unveiled the 2,600 - page final report of Ireland 's Commission to Inquire Into Child Abuse , which is based on testimony from thousands of former students and officials from more than 250 church - run institutions .
More than 30,000 children deemed to be petty thieves , truants or from dysfunctional families — a category that often included unmarried mothers — were sent to Ireland 's austere network of industrial schools , reformatories , orphanages and hostels from the 1930s until the last church - run facilities shut in the 1990s .
The report found that molestation and rape were " endemic " in boys ' facilities , chiefly run by the Christian Brothers order , and supervisors pursued policies that increased the danger .
Girls supervised by orders of nuns , chiefly the Sisters of Mercy , suffered much less sexual abuse but frequent assaults and humiliation designed to make them feel worthless .
" In some schools a high level of ritualized beating was routine .
...
Girls were struck with implements designed to maximize pain and were struck on all parts of the body , " the report said .
" Personal and family denigration was widespread . "
Victims of the system have long demanded that the truth of their experiences be documented and made public , so that children in Ireland never endure such suffering again .
But most leaders of religious orders have rejected the allegations as exaggerations and lies , and testified to the commission that any abuses were the responsibility of often long - dead individuals .
Wednesday 's five - volume report sides almost completely with the former students ' accounts .
It concludes that church officials always shielded their orders ' pedophiles from arrest amid a culture of self - serving secrecy .
" A climate of fear , created by pervasive , excessive and arbitrary punishment , permeated most of the institutions and all those run for boys .
Children lived with the daily terror of not knowing where the next beating was coming from , " the report concluded .
The commission said overwhelming , consistent testimony from still - traumatized men and women , now in their 50s to 80s , had demonstrated beyond a doubt that the entire system treated children more like prison inmates and slaves than people with legal rights and human potential .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The report proposed 21 ways the government could recognize past wrongs , including building a permanent memorial , providing counseling and education to victims and improving Ireland 's current child protection services .
But its findings will not be used for criminal prosecutions — in part because the Christian Brothers successfully sued the commission in 2004 to keep the identities of all of its members , dead or alive , unnamed in the report .
No real names , whether of victims or perpetrators , appear in the final document .
Irish church leaders and religious orders all declined to comment Wednesday , citing the need to read the massive document first .
The Vatican also declined to comment .
The Irish government already has funded a parallel compensation system that has paid 12,000 abuse victims an average of € 65,000 ( $ 90,000 ) .
About 2,000 claims remain outstanding .
Victims receive the payouts only if they waive their rights to sue the state and the church .
Hundreds have rejected that condition and taken their abusers and those church employers to court .
Wednesday 's report said children had no safe way to tell authorities about the assaults they were suffering , particularly the sexual aggression from church officials and older inmates in boys ' institutions .
" The management did not listen to or believe children when they complained of the activities of some of the men who had responsibility for their care , " the commission found .
" At best , the abusers were moved , but nothing was done about the harm done to the child .
At worst , the child was blamed and seen as corrupted by the sexual activity , and was punished severely . "
The commission dismissed as implausible a central defense of the religious orders — that , in bygone days , people did not recognize the sexual abuse of a child as a criminal offense , but rather as a sin that required repentance .
In their testimony , religious orders typically cited this opinion as the principal reason why sex - predator priests and brothers were sheltered within the system and moved to new posts where they could still maintain daily contact with children .
But the commission said its fact - finding — which included unearthing decades - old church files , chiefly stored in the Vatican , on scores of unreported abuse cases from Ireland 's industrial schools — demonstrated that officials understood exactly what was at stake : their own reputations .
It cited numerous examples where school managers told police about child abusers who were not church officials — but never did this when one of their own had committed the crime .
" Contrary to the congregations ' claims that the recidivist nature of sexual offending was not understood , it is clear from the documented cases that they were aware of the propensity for abusers to re-abuse , " it said .
Religious orders were chiefly concerned about preventing scandal , not the danger to children , it said .
The commission also condemned Ireland 's Education Department for aiding the abusive culture through infrequent , toothless inspections that deferred to church authority .
Inspectors were supposed to restrict the use of corporal punishment and make sure the children were adequately fed , clothed and educated — but the report called those inspections " fundamentally flawed . "
It said a lone inspector was responsible for monitoring more than 50 industrial schools , schools were told about the visits in advance and inspectors rarely talked to the children .
Wednesday 's report also highlighted the rarity of human kindness in the institutions .
" A word of consideration or encouragement , or an act of sympathy or understanding , had a profound effect .
Adults in their 60s and 70s recalled seemingly insignificant events that had remained with them all their lives , " the report said .
" Often the act of kindness , recalled in such a positive light , arose from the simple fact that the staff member had not given a beating when one was expected . "
www.childabusecommission.ie/
Che Guevara .
He is loved and he is hated .
He is one of the biggest commercial successes and one of the most brutal murderers in recent history .
It is no wonder that a man so passionately loved and hated is familiar to most people .
This list looks at some of the less familiar aspects of his life .
If you have other little known facts about Che Guevara , be sure to tell us in the comments .
10 Not so Glamorous Name
The name “ Che Guevara ” either incites love or hate .
The name is synonymous with freedom fighting to some , and butchery to others .
What most people do n’t know is that Che ’s real name was not quite so romantic ; he was born Ernesto Lynch .
That ’s right – Che Guevara was actually plain old Mr Lynch .
It does n’t have quite the same ring to it does it ?
His surname comes from the fact that his family was half Irish .
Ernesto Lynch is pictured above at the age of 22 .
9 Stinky Che
Che Guevara as a youth was nicknamed “ Chancho ” ( pig ) because of his bathing habits ( or lack thereof ) and the fact that he proudly wore a “ weekly shirt ” – ie , a shirt he changed once a week .
All through his life people commented on his smelliness ( though obviously not to his face once he had the power to execute people on a whim ) .
8 Ernesto The Geek
Contrary to the image we all have of Guevara , in his youth he was quite the geek .
He loved playing Chess and even entered local tournaments .
In between hanging out with his chess buddies , Ernesto would read poetry which he loved with a passion .
His favorite subjects at school were mathematics and engineering .
I think we could safely say that if he were a teenager today , he would be EMO .
Pictured above is an artist ’s impression of EMO Ernesto Lynch ( AKA Che Guevara ) .
7 Cuban or not ?
While Guevara is best remembered for his actions in Cuba , he was actually born in Argentina to wealthy parents and he never became a Cuban citizen .
When he was born , his father said “ the first thing to note is that in my son ’s veins flowed the blood of the Irish rebels . ”
6 Doctor of Medicine
There seems to be some dispute about this fact around the Internet , but in June 1953 , Guevara completed his medical studies and graduated as Doctor Ernesto Guevara .
While studying he was particularly interested in the disease Leprosy .
5 American Trip
In 1964 , Guevara travelled to the United States to give a speech to the United Nations in New York .
You can watch a portion of it in the video clip above .
Whilst there he condemned the US for their racial segregation policies :
“ Those who kill their own children and discriminate daily against them because of the color of their skin ; those who let the murderers of blacks remain free , protecting them , and furthermore punishing the black population because they demand their legitimate rights as free men — how can those who do this consider themselves guardians of freedom ? ”
4 Five Children
We tend not to see Guevara as a family man , but in fact he had one child with his first wife , Hilda Gadea , a daughter who was born in Mexico City on February 15 , 1956 , and he had four children with his second wife , the revolutionary Aleida March .
Pictured above is Camilo – Che ’s son .
3 No Hands
After hie execution , a military doctor amputated Che ’s hands .
Bolivian army officers transferred Guevara ’s body to an undisclosed location and refused to reveal whether his remains had been buried or cremated .
The hands were preserved in formaldehyde to be sent to Buenos Aires for fingerprint identification .
( His fingerprints were on file with the Argentine police . )
They were later sent to Cuba .
2 Ironic Icon
The high - contrast monochrome graphic of his face has become one of the world ’s most universally merchandized and objectified images , found on an endless array of items , including t- shirts , hats , posters , tattoos , and even bikinis , ironically contributing to the consumer culture he despised .
The original image was snapped at a memorial service by newspaper photographer Alberto Korda .
At the time , only Korda thought highly of the shot , and hung the picture on his wall , where it stayed until an Italian journalist saw it , asked if he could have it , and Korda obliged .
1 Saint Ernesto
Guevara remains a beloved national hero to many in Cuba , where his image adorns the $ 3 Cuban Peso and school children begin each morning by pledging “ We will be like Che . ”
In his native homeland of Argentina , where high schools bear his name , numerous Che museums dot the country , and in 2008 a 12 foot bronze statue of him was unveiled in his birth city of Rosario .
Additionally , Guevara has been sanctified by some Bolivian farm workers as “ Saint Ernesto ” , to whom they pray for assistance .
Needless to say , the Catholic Church does not consider Guevara to be a saint and strongly opposes the adulation of him .
A narrative slideshow that depicts a day in the life of a Berkeley architecture student ( played by Chris Torres ) .
Photography and editing by Peter Hess .
Music by Nine Inch Nails .
Thanks Brian for sharing this with us !!!
It went down this morning in Jones County , MS .
Jason Talley posted this to MHD ’s Twitter :
“ We are in Jones County MS and @adammueller has been arrested for filming cops after they pulled us over . ”
http://img15.imageshack.us/my.php?image=q72.jpg&via=tfrog
Later , other posts to Jason ’s facebook page revealed they were all arrested .
After asking for details and hearing nothing , I called the Jones County Jail at 601-649-7502 and confirmed they have all been imprisoned .
Adam Mueller – Disorderly Conduct and Disobeying an Officer
Pete Eyre – Possession of a Beer in a Dry County
Jason Talley – Disorderly Conduct , Disobeying , and Resisting Arrest
The bureaucrats at the jail think they will be arraigned tomorrow , so if you live in Jones County , MS , you may want to show up to offer your help and support .
More as we know it on FTL tonight and here at Free Keene .
Hopefully the guys will be out to tell their story soon at MotorHomeDiaries.com
Update 5/15 : They are out .
WASHINGTON --
The debate in Washington over climate change shifted into higher gear Tuesday as powerful California Democrat Henry Waxman introduced a bill to cut U.S. greenhouse - gas emissions , but without specifying how the costs would be levied on different sectors of the economy .
The more - than - 600 - page document published by Mr. Waxman , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , and Rep. Edward Markey ( D. , Mass . ) represents the opening bid by the party 's liberal leaders in the House in what promises to be a long ...
Welcome to the PHP Quality Assurance Team Web Page .
The PHP Quality Assurance Team supports the PHP Development Team by providing them with information on compatibility and stability issues .
Make test results :
All users who compile PHP are encouraged to run ' make test ' , which runs the test suite and optionally sends the results to this site to be compiled into reports for analysis .
Additional test results are available at gcov.php.net .
Available QA Releases :
Providing QA for the following test releases
Windows users :
See here for the Windows QA builds and here for the Windows Snapshot builds .
How To Help
If you would like to contribute to these efforts , please visit our How To Help page .
By Richard Bilton
BBC News
The disks stored data from the Service Personnel and Veterans Agency
The government has kept secret the loss of highly sensitive RAF vetting records , which one wing commander says leaves individuals open to blackmail .
Last September the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) said data on tens of thousands of personnel was lost from RAF Innsworth in Gloucestershire .
Some 500 files with details of affairs , debt and drug use were also lost , BBC Two 's Who 's Watching You ? will say .
The MoD said there was no evidence that criminals had targeted the data .
Security
It was said the discs the MoD admitted to losing were taken from a secure area , and included names , addresses and some bank account details .
Vetting is the process of assessing an individual for higher security clearance .
They 'd ask you questions such as : is there anything unusual about your sex life ?
Have you had affairs ?
Used prostitutes ?
That sort of thing
Former RAF officer
An internal MoD memo - obtained by a former officer and passed to BBC Two 's Who 's Watching You ?
programme - shows the lost files contained " details of criminal convictions , investigations , precise details of debt , medical conditions , drug abuse , use of prostitutes , extra-marital affairs including the names of third parties " .
The e-mail - from an unnamed wing commander - says the data " provides excellent material for Foreign Intelligence Services and blackmailers " .
In the memo , written three weeks after the disks were stolen , he added : " By not declaring that highly sensitive vetting information has been lost , I am concerned that we , the RAF , will be accused of attempting a cover up . "
The man who obtained the memo is a former serving RAF officer .
He regularly worked with top secret and highly sensitive information .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He has been through the vetting procedure and told the BBC it was a gruelling process .
' Hostile elements '
" They 'd ask you questions such as : is there anything unusual about your sex life ?
Have you had affairs ?
Used prostitutes ?
That sort of thing .
If the information got into the wrong hands then it could leave people wide open . "
The MoD did admit the data loss incident but failed to announce the vetting details were lost .
The Information Commissioner 's Office says it was not informed of the loss of such sensitive data .
Parliament was not told about its loss either .
In a statement , the MoD said it treated all personal data seriously , and had spoken to those potentially affected .
" All individuals identified as being at risk received personal one - on - one interviews to alert them to the loss of the data , to discuss potential threats and to provide them with advice on mitigating action , " the statement says .
" There is no evidence to suggest that the information held on the hard drive ... has been targeted by criminal or hostile elements . "
Who 's Watching You ? starts on 25 May at 9 pm on BBC Two and will also be available on BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The F636HT Heavy Duty Long Gun & Handgun System looks like a deep fryer for weaponry , but is actually a gun washing machine .
The $ 7,100 unit can clean 10 handguns or 4 long guns at once .
The system includes : one ( 1 ) lube pan 35.5 " X6 " v-bottom construction with anti-splash dampers & cover .
Two ( 2 ) heavy duty weapon racks with 5 removable compartments , tank cover , drip proof flange with built in rack shelf and carry handles , H.D. adjustable heater for parkerizing , variable power generator 3/4 " S.S. front drain valve and rear fill port .
2 gal . CC235 clean concentrate , 6 gal .
CC400L lubricant .
The company estimates you can clean about 1,000 guns with the system 's initial 8 gallons of included lube .
And that , my friends , is a lot of guns .
And lube .
Are you thinking what I 'm thinking ?
Indeed , the world 's first slip - and - slide shooting range .
Whee !
F636HT Heavy Duty Long Gun & Handgun System Cleans your Weapons without the Elbow Grease [ uberreview ]
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
This section is dedicated to classic examples of scripture that allow Christians to perpetrate quite an array of otherwise questionable practices .
But
It says so in the Bible !...
Pick your position and there 's a suitable bible quote to give your cause some holy righteousness :
We do n't need to care about the environment
One distinguishing characteristic of Christianity is the total dearth of scripture suggesting even for a moment that Christians should care about the environment , which may explain why so many Christians are in denial about global climate change .
The bible makes it clear , everything on earth exists to serve man , specifically the followers of the Yaweh :
- Genesis 9:3 :
Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you ; even as the green herb have I given you all things . "
Women should serve men
The bible makes it quite clear , the role of women :
- I Corinthians 11:8-9 :
For the man is not of the woman ; but the woman of the man .
Neither was the man created for the woman ; but the woman for the man .
Women should shut up and listen to men
- 1 Timothy 2:12 I do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man ; she must be silent . :
NIV
Let 's steal from non-Christians
Ask God and he 'll give you whatever you want from the " heathens " - God says it 's your inheritance :
- Psalms 2:8 :
" Ask of me , and I shall give thee , the heathen for thine inheritance , and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession . "
Let 's discriminate against handicapped people
God can't stand the sight of crippled people .
The blind , the lame , dwarfs , people with funny noses or blemishes , with damaged testicles , or broken hands or feet , crooked backs , or who have scurvy or scabs , or who have anything superfluous must not approach the altar of God .
- Leviticus 21:17 -21 :
Whosoever he be of thy seed in their generations that hath any blemish , let him not approach to offer the bread of his God .
For whatsoever man he be that hath a blemish , he shall not approach : a blind man , or a lame , or he that hath a flat nose , or any thing superfluous , Or a man that is brokenfooted , or brokenhanded , Or crookbackt , or a dwarf , or that hath a blemish in his eye , or be scurvy , or scabbed , or hath his stones broken ;
No man that hath a blemish of the seed of Aaron the priest shall come nigh to offer the offerings of the LORD made by fire : he hath a blemish ; he shall not come nigh to offer the bread of his God .
Let 's murder someone who disagrees with us
When you hear stories of people who say " god " told them to kill so - and - so , you probably think they 're extra nuts , because God surely would never say that .
Well , think again .
He not only says it ; he commands it .
Non-believers must be killed .
Actually , it seems if you 're even unwilling to listen to the priest , you should be put to death .
- Deuteronomy 17:12 :
And the man that will do presumptuously , and will not hearken unto the priest that standeth to minister there before the LORD thy God , or unto the judge , even that man shall die : and thou shalt put away the evil from Israel .
Let 's murder fortune tellers and people who predict things
The bible makes it quite clear , making prophesy is grounds for death .
- Zechariah 13:3 :
If a man still prophesies , his parents , father and mother , shall say to him , " You shall not live , because you have spoken a lie in the name of the Lord . "
When he prophesies , his parents , father and mother , shall thrust him through .
We have to stay away from atheists
Aside from being a threat to your carefully - crafted delusions of self - importance in the Universe , the bible also suggests you should n't associate with non-believers .
Non-believers are " wicked " :
- 2 Corinthians 6:14 - 16 :
Do not be yoked together with unbelievers .
For what do righteousness and wickedness have in common ?
Or what fellowship can light have with darkness ?
What harmony is there between Christ and Belial [b ] ?
What does a believer have in common with an unbeliever ?
What agreement is there between the temple of God and idols ?
Nonebelievers are the antichrist
Ironically , the only mention of the the " antichrist " in the bible as is relating to someone who disbelieves in Christ :
- 2 John 1:7 Many deceivers , who do not acknowledge Jesus Christ as coming in the flesh , have gone out into the world .
Any such person is the deceiver and the Antichrist . :
FreeThoughtPedia.com
We can do what we want as long as we have faith , deeds do n't matter
- Ephesians 2:8-9
For by grace are ye saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves : it is the gift of God : Not of works , lest any man should boast . :
FreeThoughtPedia.com
The high from shopping til you drop can quickly fade for shopaholics , who 's spending can wreak havoc on their relationships and wallets .
This may come as little surprise to most people :
In times of crisis , women are more likely to take a shopping spree than in normal times .
A new survey finds almost half of UK women are frightened or scared by the recession , and 45 percent felt their financial situation had taken a hit .
A full 75 percent said they would be making cutbacks .
Yet 79 percent of them said they would splurge to cheer themselves up .
Of the 700 women surveyed , 40 percent said depression was an excuse to overspend ; 60 percent said " feeling a bit low " was a good enough reason .
" This type of spending , or compensatory consumption , serves as a way of regulating intense emotions , " said Karen Pine , a University of Hertfordshire professor and author of " Sheconomics " ( Headline Publishing Group , 2009 ) .
The itch to shop has long been known to overwhelm some people , either because of simple materialism or to compensate for emotional problems .
Many researchers liken it to addiction , and some think it has been a growing problem in the modern consumerism society .
The problem is likely not confined to women .
A 2006 study in the United States found 6 percent of women have it so bad they are labeled compulsive buyers , but so are 5.5 percent of men .
Pine says this compensatory behavior could become more pronounced in a recession .
People use drugs and alcohol similarly to regulate emotions , Pine explains , but she thinks shopping is increasingly employed by women for this purpose .
And , paradoxically , worrying about money could lead women to spend more , she said .
" If shopping is an emotional habit for women they may feel the need to keep spending despite the economic downturn , " said Professor Pine .
" Or , perhaps worse still , if they can't spend we might see an increase in mental health problems such as anxiety and depression . "
Problem is , the splurges do n't always have the intended effect .
About 25 percent of the women surveyed said shopping sprees in the week prior to being surveyed left them with feelings of regret , guilt or shame .
Sounds a lot like other addictions , Pine said .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Heat and dust storms plagued the United Arab Emirates at the end of February 2009 .
Temperatures soared to 37 degrees Celsius ( 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) , the highest February temperatures since record keeping began in 1974 .
Pushed by winds gusting to 35 knots ( 65 kilometers per hour ) , dust storms reduced visibility throughout the region , according to the United Arab Emirates - based publication The National .
Parallel plumes of dust blow off the coast of the United Arab Emirates and over the Persian Gulf in this image acquired by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite on February 28 , 2009 .
In this true - color image , the beige plumes of dust partially obscure the satellite ’s view of the ocean water .
In some places , the dust appears to form wave patterns that run perpendicular to the dust plumes .
Neither the capital city of Abu Zabi ( also known as Abu Zaby or Abu Dhabi ) nor the human - engineered Palm Island Resorts escape the plumes .
Part of the Arabian Peninsula ’s Empty Quarter , or Rub ’ al Khali , the United Arab Emirates is covered by sand seas and dry salt lakes .
The sand and fine sediments provide ample material for dust storms .
NASA image by Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team .
Caption by Michon Scott .
By GottaLaff
Rush Limbaugh told listeners GOP leaders launching a Republican re-branding effort hated and feared Sarah Palin
At the group 's kickoff event — a town hall - style gathering at an Arlington , Virginia restaurant — Cantor , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney urged the party to re-frame their message .
Bush , in particular , expressed admiration for President Obama 's political skill , and told the crowd not to get mired in " nostalgia " for past GOP dominance .
He mentioned no names , but Limbaugh interpreted that remark as a knock on Palin and President Ronald Reagan .
" Something else you have to understand is these people hate Palin too , " the conservative radio host said Monday .
" They despise Sarah Palin , they fear Sarah Palin , they do n't like her either .
She 's , according to them she 's embarrassing .
McCain said , ' I was there with Ronald Reagan ' … .
No Reagan voter ever believed McCain was a Reaganite .
" And I think … a lot of this is aimed at Sarah Palin .
When you strip all the talk —
It 's ' the Reagan era is over , stop all this nostalgia and stuff . '
Clearly , in last year 's campaign , the most prominent , articulate voice for standard , run -of - the - mill , good old - fashioned American conservatism was Sarah Palin .
Now , everybody on this [ NCNA ] Speak to America tour has presidential perspirations [ sic ] .
Mitt Romney there , he wants to be president again .
Jeb may someday .
Eric Cantor , some of the others , McCain — I do n't think he does , but you never know .
So this is an early campaign event , 2012 presidential campaign , primary campaign , with everybody there but Sarah Palin . "
JERUSALEM ( JTA ) — Israel ’s Air Force bombed five Gaza smuggling tunnels following rocket attacks on southern Israel .
They were the first attacks from either side in two weeks .
The airstrikes hit two tunnels Friday and three Saturday .
Two Palestinians were killed in the attacks , Gaza doctors said , according to reports .
The tunnels are used to smuggle arms and other material from Egypt into Gaza .
Two rockets from Gaza had struck Israel on Saturday and one hit Thursday .
No injuries or damage were reported .
Also Saturday , Israeli forces opened fire on three Palestinians approaching the border fence .
A well - known security consultant says Apple is struggling to effectively protect its users against malware and other online threats and suggests executives improve by adopting a secure development lifecycle to design its growing roster of products .
" Based on a variety of sources , we know that Apple does not have a formal security program , and as such fails to catch vulnerabilities that would otherwise be prevented before product releases , " writes Rich Mogull , founder of security firm Securosis and a self - described owner of seven Macs .
" To address this lack , Apple should integrate secure software development into all internal development efforts . "
Microsoft was among the first companies to integrate an SDL into its internal development routine .
Under the program , products are built from the ground up with security in mind , so that poorly written sections of older code are replaced with code that can better withstand attack .
It also subjects programs to a variety of simulated attacks .
Adobe Systems recently beefed up the SDL program for Reader and Acrobat following criticism about the security of those two programs .
Mogull 's suggestion was one of five he made recently to ensure company is doing everything it should to safeguard its customers .
" It 's clear that that Apple considers security important , but that the company also struggles to execute effectively when faced with security challenges , " he writes in a recent article on Mac news website Tidbits .
He goes on to fault the company for its ongoing failure to patch a gaping security hole in Mac versions of Java .
The suggestions came as Apple on Monday announced Safari 4.0 , a release that fixes more than 50 vulnerabilities in the browser .
Protection against clickjacking attacks , denial - of - service flaws and bugs that allow for remote code execution were among the fare .
Another suggestion from Mogull is that Apple appoint and empower a high - ranking executive to oversee security in all Apple products .
The CSO , or chief security officer , would serve as the public face for Apple security as well as the internal boss who coordinates the company 's response to security incidents and development of new products that are safe .
" None of this will work if the CSO is merely a figurehead , and this must be an executive management position with the budget , staff , and authority to get the job done , " Mogull says .
The researcher also called on Apple to complete work adding anti-exploitation technologies into OS X .
While features such as sandboxing , library randomization , no -execute flags and stack protection are partially implemented now , " these implementations are either incomplete or flawed in ways that nearly eliminate their security advantages , " Mogull says .
( Fellow researcher Charlie Miller has said largely the same thing . )
Mogull 's remaining two suggestions are :
Establish a security response team to manage communications between internal employees and external researchers reporting vulnerabilities in Apple products , and
Manage vulnerabilities in third - party software .
Apple has yet to respond to criticism about the vulnerable version of Java it continues to ship with its Macs . ®
We have exclusive information on the results of the [ shal ] PixelJunk 1 - 4 [ / shal ] contest where over 10,000 applicants submitted potential names for the game ’s official title .
[ shal ] Dylan Cuthbert [ / shal ] stated the following on his Twitter account :
“ Finally decided on a name , now to design a good logo ! ”
“ We will be sending e-mails out soon to all the people who were in the shortlists for PJ 1 - 4 ’s new name , watch your inboxes ..! ”
For more updates on PixelJunk 1 - 4 , stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle .
MUSIC NEWS -
After internal political squabble by the Oklahoma state government House members , Oklahoma Gov Brad Henry stepped in to issue an executive order making the FLAMING LIPS tune , DO YOU REALIZE ( from their Yoshimi Battles the Pink Rebots album ) the official Oklahoma " state song " !
Lead singer of the band , Wayne Coyne called some state representatives “ small - minded religious wackos ” unmindful of the rights of the “ rational , reasonable people ” of Oklahoma " .
Several conservative members had objected to t- shirts previously worn by band members and not the particular song , but still voted against it .
See full story by NewsOK.com , who also reported the governor said that for more than 20 years the Flaming Lips have produced " creative , fun and provocative rock music . "
" The music of the Flaming Lips has earned Grammys , glowing critical acclaim and fans all over the world , " the governor said .
" A truly iconic rock n' roll band , they are proud ambassadors of their home state .
" They were clearly the people 's choice , and I intend to honor that vote . "
Yeah governor !
Tour dates for the band below , and info on buying the MP3 of DO YOU REALIZE -
Related content
Shaquille O'Neal is going to be a Cavalier .
According to multiple team executives , the Cavs have agreed in principle to a trade with the Phoenix Suns to bring the four - time champion and future Hall of Famer to Cleveland .
The team is hoping he is the biggest missing piece alongside LeBron James in a quest to win their first NBA Championship .
The Cavs will send the Suns veterans Ben Wallace and Sasha Pavlovic in a deal plus the 46th overall pick in Thursday 's NBA Draft .
It is a trade that has mostly financial incentives for the Suns as they stand to save around $ 9 million in salary and luxury taxes while the Cavs take on the final year of O'Neal 's contract at $ 20 million .
The Suns could save even more if Wallace accepts a retirement buyout as he hinted at the conclusion of the season .
The trade could be finalized on Thursday .
The Cavs and Suns have been talking about this swap for the last six months off and on and could n't get it done ahead of February 's trade deadline .
Talks re-started last week and became intense Wednesday .
O'Neal is coming off an excellent season in which he averaged 17.8 points , shot 61 percent and played 75 games .
He was an All - Star and was named Third Team All - NBA after dealing with an injury - plagued season in 2007 - 08 .
Picking him up now would serve a couple purposes for the Cavs .
First it would give them the massive inside presence they have been lacking and proved to be a stumbling block against the Los Angeles Lakers and Orlando Magic this season .
Second , because O'Neal is on the last year of his deal it would give the team immense flexibility for the future .
If the experiment to match him with LeBron James did not work he could be traded by February 's deadline .
If the Cavs are n't able to reach their goal of winning a championship O'Neal would come off the books and the Cavs would be in position to attract one of the big name free agents in 2010 .
Looking at No. 30
What can the Cavaliers expect with the No. 30 overall pick ?
Well it is a mixed bag as would be expected this late in the draft .
Here 's a look at the last five players taken with the 30th pick and what has become of them since :
2004 -- Anderson Varejao , 6 - 11 , F , Magic : Plucked from FC Barcelona of the Euroleague , the Magic traded him to the Cavs and he 's become a mainstay in the frontcourt .
Actually was a second - round pick that year because the Minnesota Timberwolves forfeited their first round pick for breaking league rules .
2005 -- David Lee , 6 - 9 , F , Knicks : Left Florida early and has turned in four strong seasons with the Knicks as a double double machine .
Like Varejao , he 's a free agent this summer .
2006 -- Joel Freeland , 6 - 10 , Blazers : A project pick and the first Brit taken in the first round .
He remains overseas three years later and likely wo n't be here anytime soon .
2007 -- Petteri Koponen , 6 - 4 , G , Blazers : Another projected Euro ( he 's from Finland ) and another player not in the league now or the near future .
2008 -- J.R. Giddens , 6 - 5 , G , Celtics :
The Celtics almost did n't even sign the New Mexico product but eventually did and had him spend the season in the D - League .
Not expected to be in the Celtics rotation any time soon .
The candidates
Here are five players the Cavs are considering selecting if they 're available at No. 30 .
( If the Cavs keep the pick . ) :
Derrick Brown , 6 - 8 , 227 , F , Xavier : The Dayton native worked out for the team last month .
Has a limited offensive game but is very long ( 7 - 2 wingspan ) and has all the tools to be a quality defender .
He is a strong rebounder and did show a much improved 3 - point shot last season .
Omri Casspi , 6 - 9 , 225 , G/F , Maccabi Tel Aviv : Cavs worked out the Israeli two weeks ago .
Long shooter and scorer who runs the floor well and just turned 21 years old .
Questionable toughness on defense though he played for one of the best teams in Europe .
Has jumped up draft boards after workouts in U.S .
Toney Douglas , 6 - 1 , 200 , PG , Florida State : A late bloomer who has impressed teams in private workouts .
Spent four years at FSU after transferring from Auburn .
Had a strong scoring senior season ( 21.5 ppg ) but has made his name with his defensive ability and lateral quickness .
Danny Green , 6 - 6 , 220 , SG , North Carolina :
Was a part of more wins ( 123 ) than any player in Tar Heel history .
Not a superior athlete but does a lot of things well and plays very hard , especially at defensive end .
A smart , undervalued player the Cavs tend to like .
Patrick Mills , 6 - 0 , 185 , PG , St. Mary's : Super quick Australian who made a name for himself in the Olympics last year .
The Cavs gave him a close look Wednesday afternoon in a workout in Independence .
Workout Wednesday :
The Cavs arranged workouts Wednesday afternoon in Independence with three guards they will consider with their first - round pick .
According to a league source , because the Cavs closely protect who they invite to work out , the team hosted Patrick Mills , Nick Calathes and Toney Douglas .
All three are believed to be under consideration for the 30th pick .
Since he 's been the general manager of the team , Danny Ferry has almost exclusively drafted players he has brought in for a private workout and interview .
This season it has been difficult to get players to town because the Cavs pick so low .
They have worked out forwards like Derrick Brown , Omri Casspi and other big men both in Cleveland and at group workouts set up around the country .
Though the Cavs are mostly interested in getting tall defenders , this draft is deepest at the point guard position and there 's a good chance there will be solid choices both times the Cavs make their slotted picks .
The team is looking to add a third ball handler because neither Delonte West nor Daniel Gibson are true point guards .
Kinsey arrested : Cavs guard Tarence Kinsey was arrested early Wednesday morning in his hometown of Tampa , Fla. , on suspicion of DUI .
Kinsey was pulled over at 3:38 a.m. and he failed field sobriety tests and then refused to take a Breathalyzer , according to reports .
Kinsey played in 50 games for the Cavs last season and is under contract for the upcoming season for $ 955,000 , though that deal is not guaranteed and he was seen as trade bait .
Minicamp set :
This weekend the Cavs will conduct a rather large minicamp for some free agents who are looking to catch on with the team .
Most of them have NBA experience .
The team held a similar event last year and ended up signing Kinsey after his performance there .
Some of the players may then play on the Cavs ' summer league team in Las Vegas , which Jawad Williams did last year and ultimately made the team .
Expected to play are big men Earl Barron , John Peter Ramos , Dijon Thompson , Courtney Sims and guards Aaron Miles , Lionel Chalmers and Rawle Marshall among many others .
Photoshop is a powerful tool that belongs in any designers toolbox .
From the range of photo editing techniques available , to creating website mockups and designs , to making fantastic wallpapers , Photoshop has a feature to satisfy the hungriest designers appetite .
One of the most unique and creative things you can accomplish with Photoshop are abstract effects .
Today , we will have a look at 40 ( updated from our previous 15 ) amazing abstract Photoshop tutorials .
1. Chroma Wallpapers
Color Charge wallpapers are colorful , vibrant , energetic and most importantly , distinct .
This lesson teaches you how to recreate that approach in any of your creations .
2. Using Blends to Create Depth
Find out how to use blends to create depth in this fantastic tutorial , which you are free to download and browse at your own pace .
3. Create a Light Effects Abstract Composition
This is the perfect abstract tutorial for the absolute beginner .
The tutorial slowly and ' gently ' walks you through each step of using Photoshop techniques and brushes to create a light effects abstract composition .
4. Abstract Space Tag Design Tutorial
Learn how to create an abstract space tag design in this tutorial .
The tutorial covers topics such as dealing with stock images and manipulating them , working with custom brushes , and many different light techniques .
5. Abstract Lighting Effects
Using waves and Photoshop CS4 , learn how to create stunning abstract lighting effects and colorful waves in this tutorial brought to us by SignatureStop .
6. Abstract End of the World Photo Manipulation
While it's not the most upbeat topic , the tutorial is superb .
Learn how to use different images and effects to achieve a final result that gives the effect of the end of the world .
7. Easily Create a Unique Abstract Website Header
Tutorial 9 brings us this excellent website header tutorial , in which David Leggett walks us through all of the necessary steps to create an effective an abstract header .
Add a little creative touch to your website with this great Photoshop tut !
8. Create Abstract Colored Blocks
Touching on every subject from balance to color theory , this tutorial by Sanity Penguin works through every step of the process to create abstract colored blocks in Photoshop .
9 . Make an Abstract Wallpaper with Brushes
Looking as if it was influenced by intense light and fractal images , this great tutorial via 10 Steps teaches one how to use free Photoshop brushes and techniques to create a stunning abstract wallpaper .
10 . Smoke Effect Tutorial
Smoke effects are often a very sought after and desired effect to achieve in Photoshop .
With the tutorial above , you can create random smoke swirls and effects in this abstract tutorial by TutorialGuide .
11 . Abstract Swirl Mania in Photoshop
From the famous Abduzeedo.com comes a fantastic abstract tutorial .
Fabio goes through over 30 steps in Photoshop to walk you through creating the abstract swirls .
Aimed toward the intermediate to advanced user , this tutorial is one of great fame and popularity for good reason .
12 . Easy Abstract Wallpaper
While the tutorial above was geared more towards advanced users , fear not .
Our next abstract tutorial is designed to be super easy to follow while still delivering effective results .
Give it a look and learn how to create an easy abstract wallpaper .
13 . Abstract Dreamy Scene
Straight out of a fantasy novel or fictitious postcard , this tutorial by 9Tuts starts off with a simple stock image .
We are then taken through an array of steps and tasks to finally achieve a great looking abstract dreamy scene .
14 . Making a Modern Abstract Scene
Out of all the tutorials mentioned , this one might be the most abstract yet .
We have no idea what it is , but we do know that the final outcome looks great .
15 . Ice Age Disaster
This tutorial is n't about recreating any ancient history , but , about creating a world that looks like it has been turned into a deserted blizzard town .
If you have a taste for the slightly dystopian feel and look , then this tutorial may be the one for you .
16 . Magic Lighting Effect
17 . How to Create a Gorgeous Glassy Text Effect
From the wonderful PSDtuts comes this abstract tutorial , which walks you through all the steps of creating a gorgeous glassy type effect in Photoshop .
With over twenty three steps , this tutorial is a must see .
18 . Blackberry Style
Blackberry imagery uses a unique wavy pattern using unusual lighting effects .
Many artists have difficulty recreating it , but this guide removes the mystique .
19 . Brilliant Light Streaks
The process for creating brilliant light streaks is a simple yet not obvious technique .
Once you ’ve mastered it , you ’ll be able to use brightness and motion in a wide range of creative ways .
20 . Windows Vista Aurora Effect
The Windows Vista Aurora design effect demonstrates extraordinary use of color balance layers .
This tutorial teaches you how to recreate it , and use those skills elsewhere .
21 . Simple Space Lighting
Space lighting may seem trivial , but this lesson shows that it ’s anything but .
Plus the skills learned here will serve as a foundation for some of the lessons later in the list .
22 . Luminescent Lines
Luminescent lines are a popular and relatively easy effect .
But this tutorial digs into the subject in order to teach powerful skills for creating and effective use of custom brushes .
23 . Lonium , an Abstract Art Piece
This lesson takes abstract effects to the next level by creating a combination scene .
Through this coordination , the student learns many advanced relational skills .
24 . Realistic Star Field
Star fields seem simple , but they ’re actually quite hard to do realistically .
This article breaks it down into easily digestible steps , and even covers topics like space dust and lens flare .
25 . Light Beam
This technique advances on the skills in ‘ Luminescent Lines ’ to create a light beam .
By doing this , you combine those earlier skills with various blur concepts : Gaussian , motion and radial .
26 . Impressive Color Spectrums and Rainbows
This guide advances the concept of lines with line patterns .
Line patterns are basic , but they provide the foundation for a number of sophisticated Photoshop techniques .
27 . Special Purple Lighting
Special purple lighting combines a wide range of brush effects for a singular purpose .
Once you ’ve completed the tutorial , you ’ll be able to recreate it in any color you desire .
28 . Amazing Colorful Swirl
This advanced tutorial builds on the swirl concepts we learned earlier .
Once you ’ve mastered this approach , you ’ll be able to create almost any kind of swirl effect imaginable .
29 . Magic Rainbow Color Flame
This lesson combines various curves and related techniques to create transparent rainbow gradients .
The obvious result is a magical rainbow flame , but in the process , you ’ll learn countless curve and color techniques .
30 . Super Abstract Lines
At this point , we ’ve done lines and lines patterns .
Now , it ’s time for abstract lines .
Although simplistic , abstract lines are one of the cornerstones of modern graphic design .
31 . Smoke Fading
This lesson builds on earlier smoke skills with fading techniques .
These techniques are the key to combining smoke effects with other images .
32 . Abstract Effects on Images
This article takes that thought process a step further by fading a wide array of effects and elements into other images .
33 . Awesome Retro
Retro -style effects — think Commodore 64 logo — are often the perfect background for images .
This downloadable tutorial covers the wide range of retro effects using pictures and effective instruction .
34 . Color Nuke
At this point , we ’ve used many advanced brush effects .
This tutorials adds some more , and then combines them to create a color nuke , an advanced color technique you ’ll use often .
35 . Dazzling Abstract Lighting
This guide employs a number of blending effects while using various line and light techniques .
36 . Simple Vibrant Light
This approach to simple vibrant light uses all those line techniques we learned earlier to create the light designs that are so prominent in modern graphic design .
37 . Abstract Light Bulb
This lesson takes vibrant lights , and it gives them more defined shape and form .
After this tutorial , you ’ll be able to build light effects with whatever shapes and forms you can imagine .
38 . Pitch Effect
This amazing tutorial teaches you how to create paintings and manipulate photos so that the view angle is at any pitch desired .
39 .
Wavy and curvy
Rather interesting tutorial that will teach you how to abstract curves and waves .
40 . Facing a New Day
Earlier we did an Ice Age effect .
Now , we ’ll do something similar , but much more advanced by combining many of those lighting effects you ’ve learned at earlier stages .
We hope that these tutorials can help you design your website and make it cooler and more professional looking than ever before .
But wait ...
There 's more .
Now that you 're an expert at Photoshop .
Why not showcase this as well ?
Set up a website and boast with your new skills .
First of all you need to partner up with a quality provider .
These three are what we believe to be the strongest alternatives in regards to uptime and overall stability .
The best part ?
They are cheap !
Written
1. I 'm Sadek Drobi , I 'm here at QCon with Sir Tony Hoare .
Can you tell us a bit about yourself and about your long run computer science ?
I could start by my career in computer science and with my first employment in 1960 with a small British computer manufacturer , which was quite successful in those days .
I was employed as a programmer and shortly afterwards I became a section leader to look after a project for the compilation of Algol 60 , which the company was selling with its computers .
In 5 years I rose to the rank of chief engineer in charge of the entire software effort .
Then I was rapidly moved sideways to a position of chief scientist in the research laboratory where I spent 2 years researching into computer architecture , including virtual memory and caches and other ideas like that .
In 1968 I thought I would move to a university post and I applied for and obtained a job as a professor at the Queen 's University in Belfast , which had a small computing department consisting of 4 academic posts and 4 programmer posts .
I set up there an undergraduate degree in computing and joint honours degrees with other subjects .
In 1977 , the post of professor ' of computation at Oxford University fell vacant and I - rather reluctantly - decided that it would be fun to move back to the mainland and perhaps more into the mainstream of academic computer life .
So , I moved to Oxford and spent 22 years there as a professor in the Faculty of Mathematics , which was quite a surprise for somebody who 's a graduate of Philosophy and Latin and Greek , but it was successful and very interesting .
I recruited to the department some brilliant people whom I liked very much , very good friends .
About 1999 I was approaching the age at which the University would require me to retire and Roger Needham , who was setting up Microsoft Research in Cambridge , very kindly offered me a job and after thinking carefully for a while and talking to various people about the objectives and the organization of research in Microsoft , I was extremely impressed by the degree of academic freedom which Microsoft was offering its researchers .
I hoped that I would be able to do something for them and perhaps indeed even for my academic colleagues that I was leaving behind , by constructing this extra link with industry .
I 've never regretted it since .
I 've been working for Microsoft in Cambridge for very nearly 10 years now and I 've done a variety of things including a lot of keynote addresses .
My present major concerns are twofold : I have a personal research objective , which I 've actually started 20 years ago , which I call Unifying Theories of Programming ; and I have an academic liaison objective , which is to try to build good links between the successful and very good work that Microsoft is doing in formal analysis of computer programs and research that is being conducted in the same field by academic researchers .
I have a clear idea - it may be an incorrect one - about the proper roles of industry and academics in the furtherance of scientific knowledge and engineering technology .
Just approaching the same nirvana , as it were , from 2 different ends , the industry can work from what exists and has an enormous amount of experience in case material of programs which are of a serious economic and social value , which provide the challenge for the theorists to have to explain why they work .
That leads me to the subject of my first keynote address which was the distinction between science and engineering , why we need both and why we need good links , at all points in the chain that separates them or rather links them .
2 . You mentioned Microsoft Research and there were several projects that are based on your own ideas .
One of them is the Spec# project , which is about the typing system or the former system of verification for the program that is based on logical wire , which is yours .
Can you tell us about these concepts and then tell us about the difference in having it inside the type system or as an independent system that then plugs into the program to verify it ?
When I first started work on a formal investigation of program correctness that was when I moved to Queen 's University in Belfast and , in fact , my motivation for moving there was because I felt that the research in this area was very long term and its prospects of actual application and that it was wrong to expect industry to engage in a research of that long term nature .
The proper place to do long term research is in the University or at least it was in 1968 and I believe that it still is , that the University should be concentrating on principles and theories , which embody scientific truth , rather than any technology that is likely to have an immediate impact in the marketplace .
I moved to the university in 1968 and I knew that it was unlikely that any of the results of this formal research in the programming languages would be applied in industry until after I 'd retired , in 1999 .
Indeed , that part of my prediction turned out to be correct .
One of my motives for moving into Microsoft was I could see what was actually happening in the industry , from the inside and maybe to assist in making the other half of my prediction - which was n't a very strong prediction , it came true a little bit earlier than it might otherwise do .
I did find that people in Microsoft were using assertions in the code of their programs , but not to prove correctness , but to assist in testing .
Because the assertion is tested during testing , it 's inserted as a conditional macro , which is actually evaluated at Runtime during the testing and is capable therefore of detecting the symptoms of program failure as close as possible to the place where the error actually occurred .
I was delighted to find the ideas were being used and a little bit horrified to find that they were being used by testers because testing - of course - is the great enemy of proof and if you prove things you would n't need test .
If you can test things successfully , you do n't need to prove them either and that 's very unfortunate .
I rapidly learned to accept that as a very useful synergy between the testing that programmers are very familiar with and the verification , which they will only become familiar with when the tools are available to perform most of the verification automatically .
I also found inside Microsoft that they were already working on tools of this kind .
There is a particular tool PreFix and a faster version of it called PreFast , which is being developed inside Microsoft Research and , while I was at Microsoft , it was rolled out into the development divisions to perform improved checking on the code of Windows .
Indeed , it was capable of detecting errors in Windows code that had been in the field for some time , as well as new code that had just been developed .
It turned out to be a very valuable tool in the tool set , which the developers were using .
Essentially , it was - as you say - an extension of an ordinary type system to deal with more aspects of the correctness of the programs .
It concentrated particularly on what I call generic errors , which are always errors , independent of what the program is trying to do - errors like null reference , de-referencing and subscript overflow .
Each potential subscript overflow was analyzed by this PreFix program to see whether it really could lead to a runtime error .
It would give warnings in all cases that it detected a likely runtime error .
The warnings were advisory .
If you give a warning , there is never a guarantee that it is a real fault and there is a great problem that false warnings are as expensive as true warnings to actually debug , as you got to convince yourself that , in spite of the fact that it looks suspicious , the error is not going to happen .
This is quite a stressful business , because if you get it wrong and then some malware writer detects this potential of error , the malware technique is to drive the program into the place where the error can occur and then exploit it for nefarious purposes .
If you reject a warning as a false alarm and then it allows a virus to spread , a single virus can cost 4 billion dollars to the world economy and it did .
The Code Red Virus was estimated to cost 4 billion dollars .
It 's very important to reduce false alarms , it 's very important also to detect all true errors and there were no guarantees given for that either .
It was a purely advisory thing , it was neither really a type , although it used the techniques of type verification in a slightly more flexible form and although it used the concepts of verification , it was all very much an engineering compromise of producing as many true errors as possible and as few false alarms .
Nevertheless , what this project did was to deliver a very perceptible benefit from the Research Division into the Development Division and from the moment that that got accepted - it took a while to get accepted - the developers were always open to new ideas from the research divisions and the research divisions also had the challenge that they had to describe their ideas in a form that would n't excite too much interest , that would n't excite false expectations .
The contact between research and development at Microsoft - something which the management puts a great deal of effort into - really started working and this led to things like C# , Spec# and a more recent tool which is called internally .
ESP , which checks against buffer overflows .
That was out to detect 100 % of all faults and give very high assurance that there are no buffer overflows left in the operating system .
Ca n't be quite 100 % and they used verification technology to avoid false alarms .
The tool was able to essentially ensure that 94 % of all the buffer references inside the operating system were in fact correct , leaving only 6 % for manual inspection - which sounds fine , until you realize that 6 % of Windows is an awful lot of code .
But they invested an awful amount of money into doing the checking because buffer overflows were a serious drain on the resources of the company and of its users .
We are gradually moving from a heuristic style of verification - partial verification - to a more rigorous style of still partial verification .
We are not doing total correctness of the program , just avoidance of the structural errors and we can see that what the future holds is the possibility of making gradual progress towards the goal of ideal zero defects software .
3 . You mentioned , when you were talking , the null references and the buffer overflow .
What are the other things that we want to detect in the program ?
What are other faults that we could or we should detect in a program ?
There are all kinds of exceptions that we would like to avoid in the running programs .
It 's been a very successful application of formal techniques in the European space program .
After the Arianne 5 disaster , when they lost rocket on takeoff , they 've been analyzing the control code for all subsequent rockets using a tool developed to detect and avoid overflow - numbers getting too large and too small .
I think that the next phase is for the programmer to be able to specify in advance which exceptions the programmer wants not to ever happen , particularly exceptions at the interface with the libraries because the conditions for library call exceptions are well documented in a good library .
You just look at the first 20 or 100 lines of code in a library call and you see all the things that can go wrong .
I think it would be useful for the programmers to have the option of checking .
Maybe not all , but some of the modules are not going to raise any of those exceptions because that 's the intention .
They probably express some important aspect of the correctness or the structural integrity of the interface between the user code and the library .
But then , you also want to have the option of more rigorous check , where some at least of the functional characteristics of the program .
The application dependent correctness can be codified perhaps as assertions and , using the same verification techniques check that they will always be met .
As certain parameters were kept within requisite bounds , certain security defects are never tolerated .
Finally , again , a scientist is an idealist , so one should be able to express the conditions for the full functional correctness of the program as well .
Specify what it was that the programmers intended to do and then make sure that it actually does it .
4 . In languages like functional programming languages they even try to specify effect in the type system , like in Haskell .
What do you think of that ?
Would it be helpful in programming for the Enterprise ?
Certainly , in Haskell , the techniques for controlling effects are just the kind of techniques that one uses in a functional language to reproduce the verification of behavioral properties in imperative programs as well .
Interestingly , even in imperative languages , you do need to consider historical aspects of the behavior of the system or the history of the effects that it has on the environment in specifying what a correct behavior is .
Effect systems are important in both imperative and in functional languages .
5 . Having this strong type systems could help you do a lot of things , afterwards , when you implement software .
There is this project under Microsoft research called The Singularity and we hear that you 've been involved in the project in some way or another .
Can you tell us a bit about this project ?
I must disclaim having had very much contact with it , but it is based on a theory which I have espoused in the past , that concurrency is most easily controlled in an environment of disjoint communicating processes and that the local workspace of each process is completely inaccessible to any other process and the only method of communication between the processes has been by explicit input and output of messages .
It was an idea that certainly pre-existed the communicating sequential process theory , which I worked on myself and has been proposed as a method of structuring operating systems for many years before that , but the difficulty that they have is that it involves copying the messages that are sent from one process to another process , from the store of the first descending process into store of the receiving process .
That extra-copying takes extra time , it 's not very good for cache memory and , if the messages are at all large , then you can spend most of the time doing message passing instead of useful work .
The solution to this is not to copy the messages , but to pass the ownership of the message from one thread to another , from one process to another .
The ownership is passed together with just a pointer to the message and as the pointer is passed by single copying in a register , the receiving process assumes ownership and is allowed to read and update that message in situ , without any copying .
This sending process is guaranteed never to try to look at or read the message until the pointer is - perhaps some later stage - passed back to the sending process or , more likely , passed on to another module in the operating system to do further processing .
The checking that none of the processes ever access this shared memory , at times when it does n't have ownership , is all done by an effect system , a compile time system that guarantees against error .
I think that 's quite a breakthrough in applications of ideas of message passing .
6 . In some way , in software , we did some assumptions and then we built on top of these assumptions without even trying to rethink about them and that 's how it works , anyway .
But then , some time , we get to re-question these assumptions .
Do you see a lot of assumptions to rethink about in the software stack ?
I think the assumptions are amazingly pervasive in real software .
Every line of code makes enormous assumptions about what the preceding line of code did and what the next line of code is going to do with the information when control passes to it .
The verification technology using assertions is an attempt to make those assumptions explicit .
Every assertion is an interface assertion .
It defines the obligations of the program that come before the assertion to make the assertion true and an assumption that is made by the code after the assertion that the assertion will be true when control passes into that point .
The uncomfortable thing , as I said , is the size of these assertions is really enormous .
There is an enormous number of implicit assertions , which the program is relying on for its correctness , but which nobody has ever written down explicitly .
The verification technology actually requires it to be written down , made very explicit .
When you come to look at serious programming errors , the real explanation is not that somebody made a mistake , it 's just that they failed to make their assumptions explicit , so that the program that would have worked if the assumptions had been true , just does n't work .
7 . You mentioned the Arianne rocket and as I remember there was also this assumption because it was a module that has been tested for smaller rocket and it was okay in that context and then it was used in this new bigger rocket and the assumptions there and the implementation had been OK , but you did n't think about it could be used in a totally different context .
Is it possible at all to make all these assertions to be sure that a program can be 100 % not getting into trouble ?
When you look at the size of these assumptions , you wonder whether a human being could ever realistically be expected to formulate and record them all .
If the programmer does n't record these things , then the computer can't construct or check or prove that the programmer is correct .
In fact , this was the one point that the developers in Microsoft felt was a limitation of assertions .
It just took too long to write down explicitly what a helpful assertion might be .
Everybody 's working under time pressure and I think they rightly estimate that most of the assertions that they actually write would never be useful to anybody , because most of the code works most of the time and therefore , it 's not really worth spending the effort in making all those assertions explicit , which are never going to be used .
In other branches of engineering I think there is sufficient experience and , indeed , it is sometimes required by law that you document the designs with incredible thoroughness and you hope that nobody is ever going to look at the documentation , but it 's there because if something did go wrong and there was an inquiry there was found that the fault was due to a failure to document your design correctly or properly or adequately , then you could go to prison - negligence .
Documentation in other branches of engineering is accepted as an overhead that is necessary ; in programming that 's not currently accepted practice .
The solution to the problem , which is becoming increasingly realistic is to write program analysis tools , which actually infer what the correctness criteria , what the assertions should be , what the invariants of the loop are , or the pre-conditions of the conditional .
It does this by using theoretically sound techniques , like weakness pre-conditions to reason from the things that the programmer obviously did n't want to happen to things that he actually wanted to happen and gradually build up or supplement the assertional information in the code by additional assumptions and pre-conditions that make the proof possible .
That 's an area of research which has made enormous strides in recent years .
8 . For example , when doing any spell check , there are some mechanisms that are based on the grammar theory and stuff like this .
In Google , what they actually do is they have a lot of machines with a lot of text and they just try to find the text somewhere and then they do the spell check and the grammatical check this way .
There are 2 different approaches to checking grammar , 2 different ways .
Also , in the programming languages , there are systems that are based on proof and type system statically typed , like Haskell and there are dynamic languages where it's all about observation of runtime behavior trying to optimize there and trying to make some assumptions at runtime .
What do you think of this difference , of 2 different approaches ?
Doing all the checks at runtime is similar to what I suggested for assertions that you use the assertions during testing in order to detect whether there are any regression errors in the code , but , increasingly , developers are leaving assertions in the code to run on the customer side because the machines are now fast enough to make it worthwhile to get that extra bit of security and diagnostic capability actually on the customer side rather then remove it and take the risk of a more serious fault develops later .
That 's very similar to the dynamic type checking of the dynamic languages .
If the static type checking is too much of a burden or it's not possible , or you 've acquired the extra flexibility of a dynamic typing system , then you have to accept the extra overhead of Runtime type checking .
It 's all on a continuum and you choose whatever technology is most appropriate for your current needs .
In other words , it is an engineering problem , rather than a scientific one .
9 . You mentioned you have this Bachelor 's in the classics .
How did you get involved in computing ?
I know you 've studied computer science and computer languages in Russia .
Can you tell a bit about your history before you started in the '60s with computing ?
How you began in this , which was a very young field at that time ?
It 's an interesting story , I find .
The classics degree in Oxford is structured in 2 parts : a 4 year degree - just under 2 years you study Latin and Greek language and literature and in the remaining over 2 years you study ancient history and philosophy .
You study ancient philosophy and modern philosophy .
In ancient philosophy you study Aristotle and Plato and in modern philosophy we were studying modern ideas of logical positivism and linguistic philosophy as well as more traditional philosophers and English empiricists .
I was fascinated by the philosophy of mathematics - how is it that mathematical proof gives to the human intellect a feeling of certainty of truth that far surpasses anything that can be delivered by some poor observation of the real world .
The idea of truth of which the evidence that you give is proof , was a very interesting philosophical idea for me .
At least in my last terms , my philosophy tutor was John Lucas , who was similarly interested in the potential of computers to illuminate some of the questions of philosophy .
I was set to read Allen Turing 's article on non-determination problems for computer programs , which was , after all , published in the Philosophical Journal Mind .
That blew my mind !
I did n't understand it , but it was amazing stuff .
I thought how interesting it would be to move into computing and that would likely be the sort of job that I would look for .
That 's in fact what I did .
Since I was - I suppose - good at languages , I know Latin and Greek and Russian , for example , they put me on to writing a compiler for an artificial language rather than a real language - that 's how it all started .
10 .
When was that you made this almost artificial intelligence where we are trying to translate in human language by means of computer programs ?
When was that ?
I got interested in human language translation by a strange chance .
I was studying in Moscow State University for a year after leaving Oxford and I got a letter from the National Physics Laboratory offering me a very prestigious and senior job as a senior scientific officer in their computing division to work on a project for the translation of scientific Russian into English , which they were programming on Turing 's old ACE computer design - one of the first computers that existed in England at that time .
I started studying what the Russians were doing in machine translation and I met people who were beginning to take an interest in translating from English to Russian and Russian to English , in some of the techniques of grammatical analysis that they were using - in fact , the first article I ever wrote was submitted to the Russian journal Machine Translation , and it was published .
It was written in Russian , of course , typed it up on a friend 's typewriter and it was published .
I think I donated a copy of it to the computer museum in San Francisco a while ago .
After studying machine translation of languages for about 6 month in Russia , I came to the conclusion that it was impossible , so I did n't take the job that they offered me at the National Physics Laboratory .
There were 2 other reasons why I did n't take the job : first of all , they said " Oh , not exactly a senior scientific officer , not in fact a scientific officer at all .
We 'll appoint you as a technical officer , and we noticed you have n't got a scientific degree .
You know , that means you could never become a member of the scientific civil service .
You would have to be temporary . "
So as a temporary experimental officer I thought it was reasonable to decline the job .
Anyway , when I was in Moscow , I also - just before I came back - volunteered to help my uncle who was organizing an exhibition in Moscow at each Eliot Brothers was exhibiting a computer .
So , here , at last !
Because I was n't allowed to see any Russian computers at all - they were much too secret .
There was this computer and I went to the exhibition and I spent a lot of time on the stand interpreting between the English technical stuff and the Russian visitors .
In the end , they offered me a lift back in the van , which had brought the computer to Moscow , so I was able to help them through customs and help them in Russian and so on .
When I got back , they offered me a job .
11 . Does that mean that you aspired to be a scientist , but then you had to be an engineer for the Eliot Brothers and work with computers ?
I aspired to be a philosopher , actually .
It might be noticeable even now because a lot of what I say is rather philosophical , do n't you think ?
When I gave my first lecture at the Queen 's University in Belfast , somebody in the audience said " I never thought you could talk so much philosophy about computers " .
That 's really what I 've been doing ever since .
12 . Do n't you feel sometimes annoyed that certain ideas of research take a whole lot time to get mainstream ?
When I first went to Belfast , I thought it was a good idea that I was working on research that would take 20 years or more to come to fruition - and 30 years actually - because when I thought the reason that follows , that as soon as a subject becomes suitable for research in industry , the industry will devote so many more resources to the subject than you could ever raise in academic research that you would have to give up and move on to something else .
So , I predicted that research into the formalization and semantics and correctness of computer programs would last me the whole of my academic life and so it did .
Now , I see that Microsoft and other companies are getting quite interested in program analysis techniques and in improving the quality of their code and indeed making great strides and the resources they are putting into it are indeed well beyond anything that academics could reasonably be expected to .
But I think I was wrong in thinking that the academics should now give up ; that 's actually the reverse of the truth because I see now that industry must - and it's the right thing for them to do - in the initial stages at least apply their new technologies to their existing products , their existing code basis .
They must always go to - we use the phrase inside Microsoft - " pluck the low hanging fruit " .
Wherever there is an easy win or a killer app , that 's what you still have to do first .
It may still cost you a billion dollars to install the new technology and it has , but you 've got to go for a quick win .
There is plenty of scope for academics to take the opposite approach and work from the very long term ideal , still , which is the ideal of total correctness , perfectly accepting the fact that the choice whether to use the technology on any particular project is always going to be an engineering and commercial decision .
The science is going to be the same no matter which way that decision is taken .
The scientist goal is to make sure that the option is always available , that nobody ever declines to use the technology because the science is still uncertain .
I think science and engineering coexist and further mutually fertilize each other .
13 .
These things we can easily observe in Microsoft , because now we are hearing more and more about commercial products coming out from Microsoft based on a lot of research , like F# , Spec# , Singularity and there is a lot of stuff that might even go see the lights .
Do you think this will change the way we perceive software ?
Will we start having a kind of mind set shift thinking about software ?
Because we had these assumptions for a long time and now we are starting to see new ideas , new things and it seems that the world of software is changing in some way .
Science loves change , it loves mind set shifts , it loves working on new things and I would like to see and a lot of my personal research and my activities are devoted to broadening the contacts between the industrial and the academic researchers in this area .
The big mind set shift that is going to be required and seen in the academic computer science community is the move towards large scale projects , large scale and longer term projects .
It 's part of the normal process of the maturation of science that starts with a situation in which the major discoveries are made by individual scientists working more or less alone or in a small laboratory or indeed in a large laboratory .
But , this side of work , although there is still a place for it in the mature branches of science , is no longer the main paradigm for science .
The physics and astronomy and more recently biology have all become in the last half of century big sciences in which the major discoveries are made by worldwide collaboration on a project , which only makes sense as a large scale and long term worldwide project .
Building a nuclear accelerator at CERN is an example ; building a satellite , building a telescope and using it - these are all now major international collaborative endeavors , just like the discovery of the human genome was .
I think we will need to see aggregation and much more collaboration and joint planning of work in the area of verification than we had in the past , where people are much more willing to write tools and use tools written by other scientists to perform their program analysis and to conduct their research into correctness .
Mr Cameron admitted the actions of some MPs had damaged the party MPs who claimed for " phantom " mortgages on expenses should be investigated by the police and prosecuted if warranted , Tory leader David Cameron has said .
His call came as Labour 's Elliot Morley became the latest MP to announce he would stand down at the next election .
Mr Morley has apologised for mortgage interest payment claims but said he had made a " genuine mistake " .
Mr Cameron said MPs who had committed a crime with their expenses claims should " face the full force of the law " .
Thirteen MPs have announced their intention to stand down since details of expenses claims have been published .
Meanwhile , a new opinion poll has suggested that Labour is being badly damaged by the expenses scandal in the run-up to next week 's European elections .
' Force of law '
Mr Morley had claimed for mortgage interest payments of £ 16,000 - 18 months after the mortgage was paid off .
He has apologised and repaid the money , blaming " sloppy accounting " .
Campaigners for Mr Morley to stand down are calling for him to quit his post immediately , rather than waiting until the next general election .
A statement on the elliotmustgo.com website said : " He has already lost all credibility with his constituents , the media and local businesses and will continue to do so while he remains in office . "
Two other Labour MPs - David Chaytor and Ben Chapman - have also admitted " errors " in claiming for mortgages that had already been paid off .
And Tory MP Bill Wiggin blamed the Commons Fees Office for not correcting his repeated " mistake " when he claimed for a mortgage on his constituency home rather than his London second home .
Scotland Yard is currently considering whether to launch criminal inquiries into any potentially fraudulent claims .
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph , Mr Cameron said : " If people have broken the law in claiming expenses , like mortgage payments for mortgages that do n't exist , should they be subject to the full force of the law ?
Yes of course they should .
" I 've said it 's not for me to call in the police but the police know what the law is and if they feel it 's been broken they should be able to look at that without fear or favour . "
The last two weeks have been traumatic for me and I have to think of my family and my health , both of which have suffered
Elliot Morley Morley resignation : statement in full
Liberal Democrat MP
Susan Kramer said an early general election was needed to restore public trust .
She told BBC News : " What do we do if we 've got votes or debates in the coming months and we 've got MPs who in effect have been deselected , either by the local parties or , in effect , because of the views of their constituents ; are they going to speak in debates ?
Are they going to be part of votes ?
" I do n't see how we 've got any integrity in the system until we can clean this whole thing out . "
' Health suffering '
Mr Morley made his announcement about stepping down on Friday night , following a meeting with local Labour Party officials in his Scunthorpe constituency .
He said the pressure had been affecting his family and his health and insisted the decision was his own .
In a statement the former farming minister said the last two weeks had been " traumatic " .
Mr Morley added that he had made a " genuine mistake " and insisted that he believed he would be cleared of any wrong - doing .
The latest MPs named in the Telegraph on Saturday include Tory frontbencher Eleanor Lang , who told the paper that she was not obliged to pay capital gains tax on the profit she made from the sale of her second home , because it was within the rules .
The paper also criticised Tory MP Humfrey Malins for letting his children stay rent - free in his taxpayer - funded second home in London .
He denied claims he did not live in the flat , saying he spent an average of two nights a week there .
He said his daughter had stayed there " for some periods " , with his son an " infrequent visitor " - neither of which had cost the taxpayer " a penny " .
He said he believed his conduct had been " perfectly proper throughout " .
Labour trailing Meanwhile a Populus poll in Saturday 's Times newspaper provides gloomy reading for Prime Minister Gordon Brown , with Labour is at its lowest ever national rating following the expenses expose .
According to the poll , carried out on 26 - 27 May on a sample of 1,001 adults , Labour trailed in third place after the UK Independence Party with just 16 % of respondents prepared to vote for them in next week 's European elections .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said : " If that [ projection ] was to be repeated in next Sunday 's results , it would have serious consequences for Gordon Brown and raise serious questions over how and whether he can help his party recover . "
UKIP 's leader , Nigel Farage , told BBC News : " What I would really like to see if is UKIP can cause an earthquake next Thursday , if we can really send a loud and clear message to the big party leaders . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you 've paid for a .com domain name in the last three years , the Coalition for ICANN Transparency ( CFIT ) says that you 've paid too much — and it 's trying convince federal courts that the law has been broken .
VeriSign has an exclusive contract with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) to manage the .com and .net DNS registries .
According to a group of disgruntled registrars , the whole situation is an antitrust nightmare , one allegedly perpetuated by lobbyists , astroturfers , planted news stories , and " stacked " public meetings .
The case was brought back several years ago but was tossed by a federal judge before going to trial .
Now , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled ( PDF ) that CFIT can proceed with its case against VeriSign , a case based on " antitrust statutes drafted in the late 19th century . "
Back to the future
CFIT 's complaint is based on the relationship between Verisign and ICANN .
The 2006 contract awarding the main .com registry to Verisign , for instance , was allegedly done without any competitive bidding and it led to prices that " were artificially high . "
CFIT cares about domain prices because it is made up of key DNS registrars ( who can resell .com names but must still pay VeriSign ) and DNS registrants .
Under an older contract , VeriSign 's prices for .com domains were capped at $ 6 until the end of 2006 .
After that , they were allowed to rise by seven percent in four out of the following six years .
If the system had been open to competitive bidding , said CFIT , " the costs of domain name registrations would have fallen to at least as low as $ 3.00 per domain name , with at least the same level and quality of services provided by VeriSign . "
If you 're buying or selling .com domains in bulk , cutting the price in half is a big deal — one worth going to court over .
So CFIT went to court , arguing that VeriSign was acting illegally under the Sherman Antitrust Act .
But how did VeriSign convince ICANN to award it such a contract in the first place ?
According to CFIT , it used just about every technique you could imagine .
" In order to get ICANN to agree to the terms VeriSign desired , " said CFIT , " VeriSign paid lobbyists to support its position , ' stacked ' ICANN 's public meetings with VeriSign supporters , hired purportedly independent organizations and individuals to advocate VeriSign 's position , paid bloggers to attack ICANN 's reputation , planted news stories critical of ICANN in mainstream media , threatened ICANN with litigation , arbitration , and government investigation , and indeed eventually brought suit against ICANN in federal and state court .
VeriSign 's suit against ICANN was settled , allegedly as a result of VeriSign ’s offer to pay ICANN a fee of between $ 6 and $ 12 million in exchange for the favorable terms in the agreements . "
Despite the long list of charges , a federal court found that CFIT had not actually made a proper claim under the law against VeriSign .
On Friday , the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco overturned that decision and said that the case could proceed in reference to .com domains ; CFIT did not present enough evidence to proceed with its claims about .
net domains , however .
Domain names have certainly been good to VeriSign , which recently announced 13 percent year - over - year revenue growth .
The company says that there are now 183 million top - level domain names in the world , with the largest single chunk of those being .com .
Further reading :
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Freddie Mac asked for another $ 6.1 billion in government aid Tuesday , after reporting a $ 9.9 billion quarterly loss .
Including the most recent request , Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) has drawn $ 51.7 billion of its $ 200 billion lifeline from the Treasury Department .
Last quarter , when it reported a loss of $ 23.9 billion , the company asked the government for $ 30.8 billion .
Quarterly results at the troubled mortgage finance company , which was taken over by the federal government in September , were dragged down by rising credit losses and writedowns on the deteriorating value of its mortgage - backed securities .
" This was another difficult quarter for Freddie Mac , as declining home prices and the weak economy continued to take a toll on our results , " said Freddie Mac Interim Chief Executive John Koskinen .
" While we expect coming quarters to be difficult , we are seeing preliminary signs of slowing in home price declines as low mortgage rates and high affordability take hold , and conforming mortgage credit to prime borrowers continues to be widely available , " he said .
Its loss came to $ 3.14 per share , up from $ 0.66 per share a year ago , when its net loss was $ 149 million .
On Friday , sister company Fannie Mae reported a first - quarter loss of $ 23.2 billion , or $ 4.09 a share , and said it was requesting $ 19 billion in additional aid .
Rough quarter
Freddie Mac has had a difficult time in recent months .
David Moffett , whom the federal government appointed to oversee the finance company , resigned in March but returned a month later as a consultant after Freddie Mac 's acting chief financial officer David Kellermann died from an apparent suicide .
With its delinquency rates rising to 2.29 % in its single - family loan portfolio from 0.77 % a year ago , Freddie increased its provision for credit losses to $ 8.8 billion , up from $ 1.2 billion a year ago .
It took a writedown of $ 7.1 billion on its mortgage - backed security portfolio .
The company benefited from lower funding costs , allowing it to record net interest income of $ 3.9 billion , up from $ 2.6 billion a quarter ago .
It also recognized gains of $ 3.8 billion on its derivative portfolio .
More loan modifications
The Obama administration is leaning heavily on Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) to help struggling homeowners and lift the housing market out of its crisis .
Freddie implemented on March 4 the administration 's refinancing program , which allows homeowners with little or no equity to refinance , and its loan modification initiative , which lets eligible borrowers lower their monthly payments to 31 % of pre-tax income .
The company modified more than 24,620 loans in the first quarter , up from 17,700 in the previous quarter and 4,250 a year ago .
It also put nearly 10,500 troubled borrowers into repayment plans and entered into 1,850 forbearance agreements and 3,100 pre-foreclosure sales .
It also purchased or guaranteed $ 148 billion in mortgage loans and mortgage securities , financing more than 500,000 single - family homes and 70,000 units of rental housing .
Its single - family refinancing purchase volume surged to about $ 95 billion , nearly quadruple the previous period 's , thanks to super - low mortgage rates .
Legendary TV personality Ed McMahon has died at the age of 86 .
The Irish American , who defined the role of the television “ sidekick ” as Johnny Carson ’s loyal right - hand - man on the “ Tonight Show ” for 30 years , died shortly after midnight on Tuesday at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center .
At his bedside was his wife , Pam , and other family members according to his publicist , Howard Bragman .
The exact cause of death is unknown , but Bragman said that McMahon had a “ multitude of health problems the last few months , ” including bone cancer .
The man who coined the famous phrase “ Heeeere ’s Johnny ! ” was born Edward Leo Peter McMahon , Jr. to an Irish - American family in Detroit , Michigan on March 6 , 1923 .
While growing up in New York City , New Jersey and Massachusetts ( and other places including Philadelphia for a very short time ) , Ed McMahon attended 15 different schools .
His Irish Catholic father was a part - time entertainer and full - time promoter .
The family was constantly on the move .
McMahon ’s dad was a promoter , an entrepreneur , a traveling salesman , and a fundraiser for charities and hospitals and clubs by selling punch boards and running bingo games , which is how McMahon got his first gig calling bingo .
His mother 's name was Eleanor Russell and was Pennsylvania Dutch , was raised in her grandmother 's theatrical boardinghouse and was a local actress .
McMahon used to spend some of his summers with his dad 's parents , Joseph F. and Katherine Fitzgerald McMahon of Lowell , Massachusetts .
His grandfather was the founder of the J. F. McMahon Plumbing Company and he was a master plumber .
His grandmother was a cousin of Rose Kennedy , whose maiden name was Fitzgerald ( like John Fitzgerald Kennedy ) .
In his grandmom 's parlor , he would practice being an announcer ( starting about the age of ten ) and disc jockey .
He would play records ( “ Let 's Dance ” by Benny Goodman was his theme ) and do commercials , pitching directly from a magazine .
McMahon began working for WCAU - TV and radio in Philadelphia in 1949 for $ 75 a week .
He was the announcer for " The Ol ' Night Owl , Powers Gouraud " broadcast over WCAU Radio .
He co-hosted " Home Highlights " with Jean Corbett of " Action in the Afternoon " fame .
He was also the clown that opened the nationally televised " Big Top " show on CBS - TV , and hosted " Two for the Money " on Channel 10 .
The Korean War and the Marine Corps took McMahon away from WCAU .
He was , during World War II , a fighter pilot .
Upon his return from the service , he was back on Channel 10 hosting a morning program called " Get Happy . "
Ed McMahon also pioneered local late night TV as the host of " McMahon and Company , " a nightly television program aired over the NBC owned and operated station , WRCV - TV ( now KYW - TV and a CBS O&O ) , Channel 3 in Philadelphia .
From Philadelphia , McMahon went to NYC to work on an ABC - TV game show called , " Who Do You Trust " which was hosted by an up and coming comic named Johnny Carson .
They were friends ever since .
Carson took over NBC's “ Tonight Show ” from Jack Paar in October , 1962 , and McMahon acted as his sidekick on the iconic show until Carson retired in 1992 .
From 1983 to 1995 , McMahon hosted " Star Search " which spotlighted many , up and coming stars of the future .
McMahon is one of the few people in Hollywood to have often played himself on other TV shows .
He has appeared as himself in dozens of broadcasts including “ ALF , ” “ Just Shoot Me , ” “ Sabrina , the Teenage Witch , ” “ Suddenly Susan , ” “ The Simpsons , ” “ Who 's the Boss , ” “ CHIPs , ” “ Sonny & Cher ” and “ What 's My Line . ”
The famous TV broadcaster ’s medical and financial problems kept him in the headlines over the past years .
It was reported in June 2008 that he was facing possible foreclosure on his Beverly Hills home .
By year 's end , a deal was worked out allowing him to stay in his home .
McMahon is survived by his wife , Pam , and his children Claudia , Katherine , Linda , Jeffrey and Lex .
" What do you do for recreation ? "
" Oh , the usual .
I bowl .
Drive around .
The occasional acid flashback . "
– The Big Lebowski
Alamo Drafthouse kingpin Tim League has big balls .
We mean huge , swirly 12 - pounders .
And he can't wait to show them to you .
But you already knew that , did n't you ?
No ?
Okay .
We 'll back up , lest you get the wrong idea ...
Several tantalizing rumors have been running rampant on a number of fronts regarding various Alamo doings of late , but as our recent powwow with League revealed , not all of them have their basis in actual facts .
Here 's the skinny thus far :
Rumor : The Alamo Drafthouse is opening a new location on the site of the old Concordia University campus .
Fact : " We have spoken to the owners of the property , " admits League , " but at this point , that 's just a rumor and nothing more . "
Rumor : League and his wife , Alamo co-founder Karrie League , are engaged in a lawsuit against Alamo Drafthouse Cinemas Ltd. , the company that purchased the Alamo brand name several years ago with the intent of creating a chain of Alamo Drafthouses across the nation .
Fact : " Here comes the judge ! " as Laugh - In would put it .
It 's true , the Leagues are suing ADC Ltd.'s president and CEO , John Martin , in what is essentially , from the Leagues ' point of view , a case of fraud .
" Almost five years ago , " Tim explains , " [ Karrie and I ] ostensibly sold the company and then licensed back to ourselves the name and kept the original locations , meaning the Village , the Lake Creek , the South Lamar , and the Ritz .
So there are essentially two Alamo Drafthouse companies .
There 's been some maneuvering to edge Karrie and I out of the picture , and then on top of that , they have n't really done what they promised they were going to do , which was open more Alamo Drafthouses while maintaining the strength of the brand .
That never materialized , and the relationship has become strained .
We really do n't care for the direction that they 're taking the company in . "
Hence the lawsuit , which is ongoing .
Rumor :
In addition to badass cinema , Tim League also loves bowling , karaoke , and cocktails and plans to make you love them , too , and damn the economy .
Fact :
Too true , and too cool .
Dig this :
You know times are tough when the Salvation Army retreats .
But William Booth 's loss is Austin 's gain :
The former Salvation Army thrift store at 1142 S. Lamar , all 14,000 square feet of it , has been leased to its neighbor , the Alamo Drafthouse South Lamar .
Construction is under way on what Tim is tentatively calling " the Palace , " to be open this fall .
Incorporating a bowling alley , with the actual Fifties - era lanes bought from legendary New Orleans bowler nirvana Rock ' n '
Bowl , private karaoke rooms , a cafe , a bar , and oh so much more , the Palace , overseen by longtime Alamo architect Richard Weiss , with interior design by Joel Mozersky ( Uchi , the Belmont ) , is a natural , fittingly organic outgrowth of both the Alamo brand and the Drafthouse 's South Lamar location , specifically .
And if you 've been to just about any Friday or Saturday evening screenings there lately , then you 've most likely already experienced the serpentine waiting lines that were the first inspiration for an expanded Alamo South Austin .
" After the Salvation Army closed , " explains League , sitting in the Alamo 's newly refurbished offices , " we did four or five little makeshift parties in that space , and we thought : ' You know , it 's kind of a nice place to have available .
Maybe we can make something more of it . '
The thing was , one of the problems with this center is that there 's very few uses for a 14,000 - square - foot space that we could park appropriately .
But something like a bowling alley , which is kind of a space - hog – the lanes themselves take up half the square footage – is n't so much of an impact on the already slightly crowded parking .
" As for the lanes themselves , there 's this company that specializes in vintage bowling equipment in New Orleans , and , apparently , Rock ' n '
Bowl had just moved locations and upgraded their equipment , which was a stroke of luck for us .
We bought their old , classic - style lanes .
...
This is equipment that was originally installed in 1950 , actually .
" It 's not just a bowling alley , " League emphasizes .
" It 's multiuse .
Moviegoers from the Drafthouse will be able to hang out here , grab a cocktail , and then we 'll do Southwest Airlines - style boarding for the films .
' Now seating group one for Up . '
We 're going to try and get rid of these film lines altogether .
And then it 's going to also be a stand - alone space where people can come to bowl , grab a cocktail , maybe play Skee - Ball , or go for late - night karaoke .
" [ Alamo Creative Director ]
Henri Mazza and I are both absolutely obsessed with karaoke , and I promise you we are going to have the most badass private karaoke rooms in town .
Each of the rooms will be themed to a different style of music , so there 'll be a punk room , a metal room , what have you , all of them with a superhuge song selection .
So depending on what you 're feeling like ... "
Is the ever - stylish Tim League a karaoke master ?
" I 'm not very good , " he deadpans , " but I do it with vigor . "
And as for the bowling ?
Better than Bedrock Barney , as the Dickies would say ?
" Ah , I 'm not a very good bowler , either , but I am looking forward to having 24/7 access to bowling lanes . "
Remember back in the bad old days , when the Bush administration and its amen corner in the flag - lapel button - wearing media were riding high , and Andrew Sullivan was denouncing anyone who opposed Bush ’s crazed foreign policy as being part of a pro-terrorist " fifth column " ?
The atmosphere of those times is something everyone — or practically everyone — would like to forget .
Because that ’s when all the brave " liberals " and their " progressive " and even " radical " brethren were cowering over the covers , and under the bed , silent as the few who dared to speak out — Susan Sontag , Michael Moore , Phil Donahue , and , of course , the writers for this web site — were pilloried as being accessories to the murder of those who died on 9/11 .
Back then , it was the left that was being demonized , and the methodology of the War Party was pretty gruesome to behold : like a wolf pack on the rampage , they would glom on to some lone wacko , or marginal group of wackos , who would be held up as exemplars of a broader tendency within the anti-Bush anti-war opposition .
I remember an account of an antiwar rally by Andrew Sullivan that homed in on the fact that someone was hawking the edges of the crowd with copies of The Protocols of the Elders of Zion .
Aha !
screeched the Inquisitor - in - chief , an office Sullivan appointed himself to before the smoke had cleared from the ruins of the World Trade Building — the antiwar movement is anti-Semitic !
As unreasonable and downright weird as this seems , in retrospect there was a method to this madness : the rhetoric of Sullivan and his fellow " war - bloggers " was rich with implications of treason .
After all , what nation allows an " fifth column " to operate openly during wartime ?
Civil liberties are the first items to be thrown overboard when the ship of state starts listing , a fact easily borne out by the history of this country , from the Alien and Sedition Acts to the PATRIOT Act .
The pro-war right - wing was clearly trying to create an atmosphere where no one would dare to speak out , for fear of the consequences — and , if anyone did speak out , they were intent on laying the political as well as the legal groundwork for shutting them up forthwith .
Times change , and so does the political landscape , but one universal principle always obtains : the guys in charge want to silence the opposition , or , at least , so cow them that they dare n’t speak above a whisper .
In that respect , in spite of the promise of " change " held out by the election of Barack Obama , the old pattern is rather quickly reasserting itself , this time with the ostensible " left " playing the inquisitor role and the right relegated to pariah status .
Ever since President Obama took the oath of office , his supporters have been characterizing attacks by Republicans — particularly the " shock jocks " of right - wing radio — as " hate speech . "
This was line of attack was going on for months , coming out of the collective maw of MSNBC ’s Olbermann - Maddow - Matthews axis of " progressivism , " and it was a calculated use of language .
For " hate speech , " so - called , is a legal term , at least in European jurisprudence , that defines language and views that are outlawed .
In Britain , to question immigration policy — which is generous in the extreme — in language deemed " racist " by some blinkered bureaucrat is to earn a jail sentence .
For years , the " anti-racist " opponents of the racist , neo - fascist British National Party ( BNP ) harassed party members with regulations of this kind , shutting down their publications and arresting their members for violating laws against " hate speech . "
Instead of trying to answer the arguments put forth by the BNP , and stop them in the way one would in a free society , they simply sought to shut them up — and they wonder why the tide of popular resentment managed to overwhelm such " safeguards " and elect two BNP ’ers to the European parliament .
You made your bed , Brits , and now you ’re forced to sleep in it !
Now , in recent weeks , the investment of the " progressives " in this " hate speech " concept is bearing a particularly ugly and vile - smelling fruit .
The horrific murder of Dr. George Tiller , a provider of late - term abortions , by an anti-abortion nutso , and , more recently , the rampage of an 88 - year - old white supremacist at the Holocaust Museum , in which one guard was killed and another person injured — has given the anti -" hate speech " progressives the opportunity they ’ve been waiting for .
Now that they ’re in the driver ’s seat , they are demonizing their political opponents with self - righteous fury , trying to link mainstream conservatives with the nuts that cheered the murder of Dr. Tiller and that museum guard — and not so subtly hinting that " hate speech " ( as defined by themselves ) needs to be " curbed . "
They ’re yelling that a ridiculous - yet - sinister " report " [ . pdf ] issued by the Department of Homeland Security on " right - wing extremism " was " prescient , " and that the " threat " from the " extremist " right must be met with more than mere argumentation .
Here is Joan Walsh , the typical Bay Area liberal , in Salon , bloviating about the alleged question of " Can Right - Wing Hate Talk Lead to Murder ? "
Tooting her own horn about how she was on Chris Matthews the other day , she writes that she tried to choose her words carefully , however :
" It ’s hard not to think about the extreme right - wing rhetoric , especially about Barack Obama , and whether it could conceivably lead to more right - wing violence … "
Well , yes , it ’s hard — especially if you have a not - so - hidden agenda , but never mind :
" The range of crazy ideas about Obama is broad and wide :
He ’s a secret Muslim , he ’s going to take our guns , he ’s even the anti-Christ !
James von Brunn just happened to be a ‘ birther , ’ one of the nuts who believe that Obama was n’t born here , his birth certificate is fake , and he thus is n’t eligible to be president . "
Notice how a legitimate fear — that the Second Amendment is not sacrosanct in the eyes of our present rulers — is thrown in there , alongside the " secret Muslim " meme , the anti-Christ meme , and " birther -ism " ( a new bogeyman for leftists equivalent to 9/11 " truther -ism " in the neocon Index Librorum Prohibitorum ) .
Onwards and downwards :
" I thought it was strange and maybe a little ominous last summer when suddenly Obama was labeled a ‘ socialist ’ and a ‘ Marxist ’ ; Hillary Clinton and John Kerry are arguably more liberal than Obama ; why did he get tagged with that sinister , subversive , alien ideology ?
It seemed linked to the fact that he ’s just so … different from other politicians , so easy to marginalize and , frankly , demonize . "
Now we are at the point where calling Obama or any of his policies " socialist " or " Marxist " is … " hate speech " ?
Really ?
How narrow the parameters of the permissible have become — and Obama is still in the first months of his presidency !
How long before any expression of lese majeste in reference to our sainted President is " out of bounds " in the eyes of our love - struck " mainstream " media ?
Why , how dare you criticize the Great and Dear Leader !
You must be a racist , a birther , a right - wing " extremist " !
In her appearance on the Matthews show , Walsh dribbled on about how " prescient " the DHS report was , and she wonders now if its Republican critics will apologize , because , after all , the report was " calm , " and , she reminds us , was commissioned by the Bush administration — you know , those famous guardians of our civil liberties .
That the Bushies commissioned it should tell Walsh something about its legitimacy , but apparently not .
Instead , she admits that she ’d never read it until now , and it apparently passed her smell test .
Yet maybe she has a cold , and her nose is stuffed up , because the following " definition " of " right - wing extremism " in the report [ . pdf ] is so broad and so vague that it ought to send chills up the spines of civil libertarians everywhere , and I quote :
" Rightwing extremism in the United States can be broadly divided into those groups , movements , and adherents that are primarily hate - oriented ( based on hatred of particular religious , racial or ethnic groups ) , and those that are mainly antigovernment , rejecting federal authority in favor of state or local authority , or rejecting government authority entirely .
It may include groups and individuals that are dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition to abortion or immigration . "
If , say , the Chinese government issued a " report " on Chinese " extremism " targeting " anti-government " groups that reject the highly - centralized Communist state system " in favor of state or local authority , " limousine liberals like Walsh — and Nancy Pelosi , her Sinophobic fellow San Francisco Democrat — would be screaming bloody murder , waving the bloody flag of Tiananmen , and generally bloviating about the lack of basic liberties in China .
Oh , but it ’s okay if we do it –or , more specifically , if Janet Napolitano does it — because , you see , we ’re the exception , the anointed , the Good Guys .
And that means we get to do anything we damn well please .
What in the name of all that ’s holy is the US government doing issuing " reports " on the alleged " dangers " represented by domestic political movements , anyway ?
We all know the history of this impulse : the House " Un- American " Activities Committee , government infiltration of the antiwar and civil rights movements ( " Cointelpro " ) , the sinister role played by J. Edgar Hoover and his political police in trying to stifle free speech and dissident political movements in this country — how can any " liberal " worthy of the title support such a brazenly illiberal concept ?
The answer is : they ’re in power , now .
And they have no compunctions — or very few — about clamping down on the opposition , using whatever repressive device comes to hand .
First , however , they have to make the key link between violence — or the threat of imminent violence — and " right - wing hate speech . "
Walsh makes that leap with alacrity , if not logic :
" Then came Rush Limbaugh with his sexual fears about having to ‘ bend over and grab the ankles ’ for a black president .
Soon Limbaugh was saying he hoped Obama fails ; last week he said Obama was more dangerous to our country than al - Qaida , our terrorist enemy who has killed thousands of Americans .
Could that conceivably inflame someone marginal and isolated to act against a president who ’s more dangerous than terrorists ? "
Yet it was antiwar liberals , Salon - type progressives — and this writer — who made the argument , during the Bush years , that the President ’s policies were more dangerous to our national security than anything Al Qaeda could pull off on its own : that the war in Iraq , for example , was indispensable to Al Qaeda ’s international recruiting campaign , and that the " blowback " from our warmongering would come back and hit us in the face — hard .
( An argument Walsh makes , I note with amazement , in her very next blog post down ! )
We were , in an important sense , accusing Bush of being " a president who ’s more dangerous than the terrorists " — but that was okay with Walsh and her ilk .
Just do n’t do it to Obama .
Walsh and the preening " liberals " in the media do n’t dare come out and say what they really want — which is " hate speech " legislation that would have Limbaugh and his imitators off the airwaves in a minute .
They leave it to their frothy - mouthed followers .
Check out these comments from a comment thread on the " progressive " site " Crooks and Liars , " in which the post ’s author — writing about the Holocaust Museum incident –excoriates " anti-government " conservatives for attacking , among other things , … the Federal Reserve :
" It ’s all about the FCC
Wed , 06/10/2009 – 19:53 — bamboozled
The FCC needs to act .
The FCC needs to stand up for the people .
We elected Obama .
HE’S the person who elects the FCC .
He needs people who are willing to break up the media conglomerates to diffuse the power of these people , and create actual ( NOT PERCEIVED ) competition .
Login or register to reply
" I agree
Wed , 06/10/2009 – 19:59 — snyd69
The FCC should step in .
Problem is that they won’t
Login or register to reply "
Yes , we need to drive out the enemies of " the people " — bring in the feds !
Oh , my goodness , the " liberals " at " Crooks and Liars " ( is the name of this blog a case of projection ? ) are up in arms !:
" Who ’s gonnna say what ’s right or wrong ?
Wed , 06/10/2009 – 19:08 — SKdeA_Miss1929
How about the FCC ?
we need a NEW HEAD OF THE FCC who is willing to clamp down on hate speech and rabble rousing .
This is NOT free speech , this is HATE speech .
Login or register to reply
" No shit .
Wed , 06/10/2009 – 19:26 — fastfeat
How many shrub - era high - level bureaucrats still head positions such as head of the FCC ?
Login or register to reply "
Further on down the thread , one C&L " liberal " approvingly posts a link to this news story :
" The interim head of the US Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) said yesterday that broadcast licences for radio and television stations should be shortened from eight years to three years .
" We still need to get serious about defining our license renewal process , " said FCC Acting Chairman Michael Copps at a summit sponsored by the Internet advocacy group Free Press "
It is n’t pretty , is it ?
And these are self - described " liberals " !
It ’s a measure of the damage done during the last eight years to the body politic that people who think of themselves as " progressives " can so blithely advocate totalitarian measures .
Here ’s more from the " progressive " opponents of free speech :
" EXACTLY
Wed , 06/10/2009 – 19:59 — bamboozled
And it ’s not so much clamping down on speech .
ALL THE FCC HAS TO DO IS THIS :
1 ) Hold the commercial networks to STANDARDS , standards that were in place for years , of using OUR AIRWAVES in the public interest .
2 ) Break up the conglomerates .
They have too much money and power .
Fox is one of a handful of MONOPOLIES .
3 ) Same point , but create more competition .
There is no LOCAL competition .
Journalism has been decimated by consolidation .
More competition = more real journalism .
4 ) Take a couple hundred million –A DROP IN THE BUCKET–and feed it to PUBLIC media .
WE NEED A BALANCE OF COMMERCiAL AND PUBLIC , like most SANE nations .
All of this is within their capabilities .
And nobody would squawk , except Rupert and Glenn with two Ns .
Login or register to reply
" bamboozled :
Wed , 06/10/2009 – 21:50 — KWillow
Well put , Sir !
The breakup of Media ( and other ) Monopolies , along with Publicly Financed Elections ( Oh , if ONLY it had been put in the original Constitution or Bill of Rights ) would go a long long way towards returning sanity and democracy to our country .
Login or register to reply "
A state - controlled " public " media to " compete " — and counter — what remains of our crippled newspaper industry and the rest of the recession - plagued media — an idea that only a Marxist , or a national socialist , could love .
The post to which these comments are attached is pure incitement : Ron Paul , the author avers , is " dangerous " — because he , like the Holocaust Museum shooter , opposes the Federal Reserve system .
Oh , and Dr. Paul really means " Jews " when he talks about " bankers " — which ought to be news to critics of the banking bailout , and the practices on Wall Street that sparked the economic meltdown .
This is libel , pure and simple — and its authors know it .
Their goal : to limit the parameters of permissible debate , so that a whole variety of subjects just cannot be talked about — under pain of social ostracism , permanent marginalization , and , ultimately , legal prosecution .
So you thought things were going to be different : that " change " was in the air .
Well , forget it , boys and girls — it ’s the same old same old , except inverted .
With the Left now ensconced in the councils of power , and the Right relegated to the fever swamps , the former are eager to give the latter a taste of their own medicine — and then some .
We keep hearing , from the Obama-ites , that Europe is so much more developed and advanced than we are : they provide state - subsidized health care to their citizens , they have public media on a large scale , they are n’t hung up on such archaic concepts as the efficacy of free markets — and they certainly do n’t allow their citizens access to guns , for heaven ’s sake !
I predict that we ’ll soon see a new addition to this " why are n’t we more like the Europeans ? " meme : a call for the introduction of " hate speech " laws , forbidding language that " incites violence " against particular victim groups .
Real restrictions on our political discourse are in the cards , I ’m afraid , and it ’s only a matter of time before we make the " logical " leap from " hate crimes " legislation to " hate speech " laws .
It ’s coming .
The machinery of repression is nearly all in place : liberal hysteria , the PATRIOT Act and the entire panoply of Bush era laws that give the feds the unlimited " right " to spy on American citizens .
All that ’s missing is the legislation itself — and , you can bet , that wo n’t be long in coming .
They tried this , by the way , in the 1940s and 50s , right after the war , when the " brown scare " was still leaving its after - effects and the memory of Hitler ’s rise to power was still fresh in peoples ’ minds .
Along with anti-discrimination laws , some early civil rights groups pushed for legislation that would limit speech in the name of " protecting " people against the potential for violence .
It ’s the Bush Doctrine of " preemption " translated into the domestic sphere : rather than tolerate free speech , it ’s better — in this view — to conduct a preemptive strike against any violence that might result from the expression of certain ideas by banning those ideas from the public platform .
The British , and the continental Europeans took that road — and we may take it yet .
And — would n’t you know it — some " liberal " professor over at the Huffington Post is using the Holocaust Museum killing to lash out at critics of Israel .
Talk of a " cabal " is forbidden — it ’s " anti-Semitic , " do n’t you know .
Of course , criticism of Israeli policies is " allowed " — but do n’t dare raise the subject of dual loyalty ( which Christian Zionists are more guilty of than any other religious group , but never mind … ) .
Because that ’s " hate speech . "
This , by the way , is what the neocons always said about their critics : according to them , the very word " neocon " was and is a euphemism for " Jew . "
So , please , do n’t even say the word — unless , that is , you want to be brought up on charges of having committed a " hate crime . "
By Surekha Ratnatunga
A Spanish judge agreed Friday to hear evidence against six US lawyers , including former Attorney General Robert Gonzales , about their involvement in giving the Bush administration the “ all clear ” to torture suspects — including five Spanish citizens — detained at Guantanamo Bay .
The interrogation methods employed by the CIA include water - boarding , which is illegal according to the Geneva Convention .
However , lawyers at the Justice Department wrote classified legal opinions that asserted the President ’s power to sidestep the international laws regarding torture .
While other Bush officials are wisely keeping their mouths shut and returning to a private life , former ( Vice - ) President Dick Cheney has spent 2009 publicly defending the CIA ’s “ harsh interrogation techniques . ”
In an interview with CNN , Cheney said , “ I think those programs were absolutely essential to the success we enjoyed of being able to collect the intelligence that let us defeat all further attempts to launch attacks against the United States since 9/11 . ”
Not so true , says the Washington Post , which ran a story about the Intelligence acquired from Abu Zubaida , the first top - level terrorist captured , through “ harsh interrogation techniques . ”
Zubaida ’s information prompted CIA agents to embark on an international wild goose chase that did not thwart a single terrorist plot .
This is why evidence obtained under torture is usually not considered valid — a person is likely to say anything to end stop the pain .
Although the Spanish court may issue arrest warrants , actual arrests are unlikely .
Without the compliance of the current US administration , indictments for human rights violations against Bush officials by a foreign court will merely be a symbolic gesture .
It is worth noting that human rights violations break US law , too .
I ’m not sure why Bush officials involved in permitting torture have so far been granted immunity from prosecution on US soil .
I would love to see them go to trial , if only to find why they did not consider it logically and morally unsound to fight terror with torture .
Photo : Flickr courtesy of publik15
In London , Georges Thomason ( Tom Georgeson ) , his seductive American girlfriend Wanda Gershwitz ( Jamie Lee Curtis ) , and their associate Ken Pile ( Sir Michael Palin ) are planning their latest crime , a diamond heist that should net them thirteen million pounds sterling .
They plan on leaving the country with the goods after the heist .
On Wanda 's recommendation , they enlist the help of her brother , Otto West ( Kevin Kline ) , a weapons expert , for this heist .
In reality , Otto is not Wanda 's brother , but her latest lover , a dimwit who gets off on his own body odor , who believes he's an intellectual because he reads Nietzsche , and who does not tolerate being called stupid by anyone .
Wanda has one weakness in men which is how Otto was able to get her to be his lover : speaking Italian in seduction .
Wanda and Otto plan to double cross Georges by having him arrested for the heist , while they abscond with the jewels .
Wanda further plans to triple cross
Otto by eliminating him from the picture after ... Written by Huggo
" It 's a kind of escape for us , a chance to break away from the daily reality of prison , " said Daniel , a 48 - year - old prisoner in the western city of Nantes , at the official launch of the event .
His surname was not given .
Advertisements
Yesterday Rep. Todd Akin ( R - MO ) argued on the House floor yesterday that legislation to limit CO2 emissions would cause the seasons to stop changing .
Aiken confused climate and weather , and he argued that seasonal change from winter to spring was , “ good climate change . ”
He also asked why the government would want to run the weather .
Here is the video from Think Progress :
Advertisements
Akin said , “ This whole thing strikes me if it were n’t so serious as being a comedy you know .
I mean , we just went from winter to spring .
In Missouri when we go from winter to spring , that ’s a good climate change .
I do n’t want to stop that climate change you know .
Who in the world want to put politicians in charge of the weather anyways ?
What a dumb idea . ”
This man is a member of Congress and he does n’t know the difference between climate and weather .
Is anyone really surprised ?
As a public service to all the Republicans in the House , here is the Webster ’s definition of weather .
Weather is “ the state of the atmosphere with respect to heat or cold , wetness or dryness , calm or storm , clearness or cloudiness . ”
Webster ’s defines climate as , “ The average course or condition of the weather at a place usually over a period of years as exhibited by temperature , wind velocity , and precipitation . ”
Maybe I am not given Akin enough credit ?
It could be that he is n’t the stupid one , but he thinks that the American people are dumb enough not to know the difference ?
Either way , this ranks right up there with Rep.
Joe Barton ’s CO2 is in Coca - Cola argument , as one of the most mentally challenged arguments made against CO2 regulation by a Republican member of Congress .
If this is a political strategy , it is an insult to the intelligence .
If Akin did n’t know better , then he does n’t belong in the House of Representatives .
By Allan Lengel
ticklethewire.com
WASHINGTON — FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III has picked seasoned women agents to head FBI offices in San Francisco and Honolulu .
The women are replacing women agents .
Stephanie Douglas will head the San Francisco office and Charlene B. Thornton will take charge of the Honolulu office , the FBI said .
Douglas started with the FBI in 1989 and went on to the Washington field office where she investigated violent crimes , public corruption and “ some of the FBI ’s most sensitive counterintelligence and espionage investigations ” , the FBI said .
In 2000 , she was promoted to a supervisory post and was detailed to the CIA , the FBI said .
After taking various posts , she was named deputy assistant director for Operations Support in the Counterintelligence Division , the FBI said .
She replaces Charlene Thornton , who goes off to Honolulu .
Thornton joined the FBI in 1979 , and started working criminal counterintelligence and counterrorism in the Indianapolis and Los Angeles divisions , the FBI said .
In 1995 , she became assisant special agent in charge of the Honolulu office .
She later went on to become special agent in charge of the Birmingham , Ala . and Phoenix divisions and in 2006 headed the San Francisco office .
She replaces Janet Kammerman , who is now associate executive assistant director of the Human Resources Branch at FBI headquarters .
A simple compound containing a highly strained three - carbon ring has been found to be the toxic culprit in a highly poisonous Asian mushroom .
A team of Japanese researchers studied the mushroom Russula subnigricans and isolated cycloprop - 2 - ene carboxylic acid - a highly unstable molecule that has never been seen in nature before - and demonstrated that it is fatal in mice .
The toxic mushroom has reportedly been responsible for the death of seven people in western Japan since the 1950s .
But the identification of the toxic molecule responsible had been delayed by confusion over which mushroom species was responsible and the fact that the poisonous molecule polymerises easily , explains lead researcher Kimiko Hashimoto from the Kyoto Pharmaceutical University .
Ingestion of this mushroom causes rhabdomyolysis , the rapid breakdown of muscle fibres resulting in the release of muscle fibre contents ( myoglobin ) into the bloodstream .
This eventually leads to kidney failure and death .
Once the correct mushroom had been identified , the team soaked it in water , and separated the compounds in the resulting extracts .
Care had to be taken while concentrating this extracts , says Hashimoto : ’ concentration to dryness is a usual technique during the isolation of natural products , however in this case it brings about decomposition of the toxin . ’
It is thought that this played a part in earlier failed attempts to identify the toxin .
The team used mice to identify the toxic compound , and standard analytical techniques were used to determine its structure .
While the molecule had not previously been known in nature , it is known synthetically and the analytical data obtained for the isolated compound exactly matched literature data .
Hashimoto was surprised to find this molecule occurring naturally as it is so unstable - all previously known natural cyclopropenes are di or tri substituted and thus much more stable .
The team were also able to show that the toxin has no toxicity to single cells , suggesting that it does not directly attack myocytes .
’ Our results suggest that this compound would not directly attack the muscle cells but instead trigger biochemical reactions leading to rhabdomyolysis , ’ says Hashimoto .
William Wood , an expert in mushroom chemistry from Humboldt State University , Arcata , was impressed with the findings .
’ It is a really difficult project to work on because the chemical they are trying to isolate is decomposing so fast , ’ he says .
Hashimoto says that next he hopes to identify the biochemical reactions triggered by the toxic compound and work out the mechanism by which the toxin causes rhabdomyolysis , which may eventually lead to more effective treatment for people who have ingested the mushroom .
Nina Notman
U.N. Delegates Laud China for Death Denalty
U.N. Delegates Laud China for Death Denalty and Restricting Internet
Group reports : U.N. rights council turning into " Mutual Praise Society "
GENEVA , February 9 , 2009 — Delegates to a U.N. meeting today on China 's human rights record praised Beijing for practicing the death penalty , imposing internet censorship , and for being a " moral and ethical country . "
While Western countries challenged China , many others congratulated it .
Egypt lauded China 's " endeavor to protect human rights and socio- economic development " and said " we understand the need of China to keep the death penalty . "
Iran congratulated China 's " efforts to promote human rights " and , citing " the negative impact of the internet , " encouraged China to tighten censorship to prohibit " defamation of religion . "
Cuba praised China for being an " exceptional country , " and urged it to enforce " stict compliance with law .
. . to prevent people disguised as human rights activists from trying to destroy the state . "
China 's review came under the U.N. Human Rights Council 's flagship review mechanism , known as Universal Periodic Review ( UPR ) .
According to a new 124 - page study by the Geneva - based U.N. Watch , a human rights monitoring group , only 8 of the 47 member states of the Council , including Canada , France and Britain , took a constructive approach to scrutinizing each other ’s human rights records since UPR began last year .
Entitled “ Mutual Praise Society , ” the report found that the peer review sessions of the Council are being misused by countries to praise allies and criticize enemies instead of highlighting genuine cases of abuse .
Click here for Mutual Praise Society report
U.N. Watch rated the performance of 32 other countries — including Russia , Iran , China and Cuba — as detrimental to destructive .
The report evaluated 300 speeches made by 55 countries , including several that participate in the council as non-voting observers .
“ While the U.N. promised to reform itself with a procedure that would hold all countries to account on an objective and equal basis , and help human rights victims worldwide , instead the council has turned into a mutual praise society , giving a free pass to the world ’s worst abusers , ” said U.N. Watch director Hillel Neuer .
“ In the current session alone , we saw Libya praise Cuba for ‘ promoting freedom of thought and expression , ’ when Havana continues to keep human rights defenders and journalists behind bars , and Chinese praise for Saudi Arabia 's record on women ’s rights , when they can neither vote nor drive a car . "
“ But it ’s not just repressive regimes protecting each other .
Many democracies , too , are failing to review countries seriously , with some — like India , South Africa and Uruguay — undermining the process by congratulating countries for practices that deserve condemnation , ” said Neuer .
ends
© Scoop Media
Sony has just announced that God of War 3 will be coming March 2010 .
Every God of War before it has released in the month of March , and GOW3 will be no different .
You can expect more news on this awesome looking game in the future .
Stay here on PlayStation LifeStyle for our live - blogging of E3 .
ORLANDO , Fla . --
The father of the 12 - year - old boy bumped by Celtics big man Glen " Big Baby " Davis after Sunday 's game - winning shot is demanding an apology .
Ernest Provetti told the Orlando Sentinel that he wrote the NBA office demanding an apology from Davis for acting like a " raging animal with no regard for fans ' personal safety . "
NBA spokesman Tim Frank confirmed the league received the e-mail but declined to comment on it .
Video of the play shows Davis ducking behind a referee and stepping out of bounds as he ran back to the Celtics bench .
Provetti told the paper it was his son , Nicholas , whose hat fell off as Davis bumped him .
Celtics spokesman Jeff Twiss said Davis was not available for comment .
The Magic also declined to comment .
Later Monday , Provetti told the Sentinel neither the Celtics nor the NBA responded , adding he wo n't be waiting around for that call .
" In the scheme of things , I still think he should n't have went on the sideline , but obviously nothing is going to come of it , " Provetti told the newspaper .
" And it 's better to forget about it and not incite it anymore . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Luigi finally confronts Mario
Posted by Pete Berg on Friday , May 29th , 2009 at 9:02 am
It ’s about time that Mario finally gets a talking to .
The old granular audio effect KTGranulator is no longer ...
It has been replaced in 2013 by the new SaltyGrain plugin
an up - to - date version which can be found at SampleSumo ,
a small music technology company run by Koen .
You should automatically be redirected to the new plugin in a few seconds .
Click here to go there right away .
A Colorado company is recalling more than 41,000 pounds of beef sirloin and Black Angus beef out of fears it could be contaminated with a potentially deadly strain of E. coli .
Chandler Keys , spokesman for JBS Swift Beef Co. in Greeley , Colo. , said the recall covers meat sold to retailers in 13 states , including Oregon , that was repackaged and sold under another label .
Some of the meat could have been ground , he said .
The company initiated the recall after tests turned up E. coli O157 : H7 , which is usually found in cattle feces .
The bacterium can cause violent cramping and diarrhea and in some cases kidney failure which can bring lifelong complications or even death .
No illnesses have been linked to the recall .
Consumers should call stores about any beef sirloin or Black Angus beef they have to check if it came from JBS .
If it did , they should throw it away and get a refund from the store .
This is the second E. coli O157:H7 recall in about a week .
Last Friday , Nestle USA pulled 300,000 cases of Toll House cookie dough in a nationwide outbreak that has sickened more than 70 , including a Gresham teen who was sick for three weeks .
The bacterium is only present on the surface of steaks and other cuts but when beef is ground , it can spread throughout the product , presenting a heightened risk .
Proper cooking kills bacteria , however .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture advises consumers to cook beef to an internal temperature of 160 degrees Fahrenheit .
Another recommendation : Always wash hands with soap and warm water for at least 20 seconds before and after handling raw meat and poultry and thoroughly clean cutting boards , utensils and dishes .
Consumers with questions should call the company 's hotline at 800 - 555-7675 or check the USDA release here .
-- Lynne Terry ; lynneterry@news.oregonian.com
This amazing graph bouncing around the web is the most striking example of why health care reform is n't just about reforming care .
It 's about reforming the economy .
New bumper sticker : " Reform Health Care ; Get a Raise ! "
In layman 's terms , the hard blue line is the expected growth in average wages .
The dashed - purple line is what 's actually appearing in workers ' wallets , which is average wages minus health premiums .
In other words , health care is robbing you of your bonus .
So why are n't workers rallying in the streets for health care reform ?
They do n't see this graph .
Instead , as Ezra points out , they see their wages stagnating and chalk it up to a stagnant economy , a stagnant company , or a stingy boss .
But this is exactly why it 's a bit cheeky to present graphs like
So long as this issue is presented as " Pay for health care reform " vs. " Do n't pay for the status quo , " we 're skirting the main issue here .
We are paying for the status quo .
Every year , in our paychecks alone we are paying for the cost of doing nothing , to the tune of about $ 5,000 per worker per year .
How about a poll that presents the first graph and asks respondents : " This is what will happen to your wages , and the wages of your children , as health premiums continue their predicted climb .
Is that a system to you want to preserve ?
Please answer yes , no or unsure . "
But this is exactly why it 's a bit cheeky to present graphs like this ( via Greg Mankiw ) as evidence that Americans are inherently reluctant to pay for health reform .
So long as this issue is presented as " Pay for health care reform " vs. " Do n't pay for the status quo , " we 're skirting the main issue here .
Every year , in our paychecks alone we are paying for the cost of doing nothing , to the tune of about $ 5,000 per worker per year .
How about a poll that presents the first graph and asks respondents : " This is what will happen to your wages , and the wages of your children , as health premiums continue their predicted climb .
Is that a system to you want to preserve ?
Please answer yes , no or unsure .
On June 15 , a New York judge set aside a conviction on the grounds that the defendant 's attorney had provided ineffective assistance of counsel .
For future reference , your lawyer may be providing ineffective assistance if he or she is sleeping or reading health - and - fitness magazines during trial .
Edward Trujillo , Julio Irizarry , and Jonathan Castillo were on trial for weapons charges after an incident in which one of them was ( for some reason ) shooting a nine - millimeter pistol into the air .
( I suppose the problem with this is that the bullets have to land somewhere . )
Officers found other weapons in the defendants ' SUV , and defendants were all indicted on weapons charges .
Irizarry was granted a mistrial based on an evidentiary issue .
Trujillo was n't so lucky , but he did have another argument .
Under Strickland v. Washington , a criminal defendant 's Sixth Amendment rights may be violated if the quality of representation was " below an objective standard of reasonableness . "
Trujillo argued this had happened because , among other things , his counsel fell asleep at least three times during trial , read magazines while witnesses were testifying , and " gave a bizarre opening statement that caused the jurors to laugh . "
With regret , the judge agreed .
The judge wrote that he had in fact seen Trujillo 's counsel " apparently sleeping at the counsel table " at least once .
Saying he was aware that counsel had a " pre-existing medical condition " ( he did not identify the condition , or the attorney ) , the judge noted he had called all counsel up for a sidebar to see if counsel was feeling well and to give him " every opportunity to revive himself , if necessary . "
Presumably , counsel said he would try to stay awake , but failed .
The judge also semi-confirmed the magazine reading : " While the court cannot corroborate defendant Trujillo 's claim that counsel was reading a health and fitness magazine during the course of the trial , the court did observe a magazine fall to the floor during the trial proceedings and observed defendant Trujillo 's counsel pick up the magazine . "
( This would be called " circumstantial evidence " that counsel was reading said magazine . )
Finally , it appears that the opening statement was indeed bizarre , and did indeed cause amusement :
Counsel for the defendant Trujillo did , indeed , give a bizarre opening
statement .
The beginning of counsel 's opening statement was so off topic and
irrelevant that this court was compelled to stop counsel and direct that he
address what he intended to prove during the course of the trial .
The jury was ,
in fact , laughing during counsel 's opening statement and such laughter at a
member of the bar created an unprofessional atmosphere .
. . .
[ D] uring this trial , I found myself very uncomfortable whenever defendant
Trujillo's counsel addressed either a witness or the jury .
It was impossible to
predict what he was going to say .
The judge was clearly reluctant to criticize counsel , likely because of the undefined " pre-existing condition . "
That is understandable .
Although it would be more understandable if I could think of a pre-existing condition that can result in an irresistible urge to flip through a magazine while the other side 's witnesses are testifying .
( I guess I should not be too critical since I may need to use this someday . )
Anyway , while this probably made the trial much more entertaining than most , the court held that Trujillo had not gotten " meaningful representation , " and set aside the verdict .
Mr. Castillo , who was apparently unfortunate enough to have a competent attorney , will be sentenced shortly .
Link : People v. Irizarry , 2009 NY Slip Op. 51258( U) ( Supreme Ct. Kings County , June 15 , 2009 )
Link : ABA Journal
Tonight on Hardball , Lawrence O’Donnell pwns Pat Buchanan over the debate about Obama speaking at Notre Dame .
First , O’Donnell corrects Buchanan on the Pope ’s view on the death penalty , then he shows Buchanan ’s hypocrisy on hs approval of Bush speaking at Notre Dame because of Bush ’s views and use of the death penalty .
: : : : : : : : : :
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : RIDGE WOOD
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Compensation : cat stack
new wizard does several things .1 ) unplugs cell phone during charge and runs video recorder feature idly for hours2 ) places my house keys under a pile of conedison bills3 ) shouts at mailman4 ) stacks cats5 ) obscures my shadow with giant novelty lollipop when i emerge to greet my brothers6 ) replaced all scrabble letters with F7 ) tenses my sensibilities during islam forum8 ) writes untoward letters to president of turkish republic of northern cyprus in my name9 ) deposits juice box wrappers on my hall so the rustling angers cats and their stack topples10 ) howls at moon when it is not in the fullest of statesi would much rather have previous wizard return !!!
please help either to capture current wizard or ressurect former .
current wizard is subletting disgusting basement apartment .
ALL OF ABOVE NOTES SPECIFICALLY FORBIDDEN BY LEASE AGREEMENT .
Fans of the classic " Doom " series may want to preorder the new iPhone 3G S immediately , because the venerable first - person shooter game is coming to the smartphone next week .
Using the accelerometer and the iPhone 's touch screen , " Doom Resurrection " brings players through eight levels of gore - soaked mayhem for a total of five hours of game play , which is likely to last longer than your iPhone 's battery .
The game 's plot sounds like the original , but the game itself is an entirely new effort :
A space marine must protect earth from an invasion of demons and ghouls that have somehow found their way through a portal on Mars .
" Doom Resurrection " will take full advantage of the latest - gen iPhone and iPod Touch 's graphics capabilities .
VentureBeat has id Software clocking the game in at a wow - inducing 30 - frames - per- second on the newest iPod Touch , and half that on first - gen models of the iPhone .
In an interview with Macworld , id Software co-founder and CTO John Carmack expressed his high hopes for id's future with the iPhone .
" In general , I am super - excited for the iPhone as a platform for id to be involved in , " Carmack said .
He also indicated plans to release a remake of the original " Doom , " as well as " Quake " and " Quake 3 " ( what , no " Quake 2 " ? ) .
This year 's WWDC focused heavily on the next generation of iPhone games , and the " Doom " series is sure turn Apple into a seriously powerful contender in the gaming market .
Let ’s hope this sentiment makes its way farther up the GOP hierarchy :
South Carolina Rep. Bob Inglis made a name for himself in the late 1990s as one of Bill Clinton ’s most zealous pursuers , an impeachment “ manager ” who attacked the moral failings of the president with a gusto that earned him a devoted following in the staunchly conservative “ Upstate ” of conservative South Carolina .
But with his governor now felled by similar temptations , Inglis sees an opening for the Republican Party , a chance to “ lose the stinking rot of self - righteousness ” and “ to understand we are all in need of some grace . ”
For all of the emphasis on analytical rigor in business schools today , another major recommendation of the foundations ’ reports from the 1950s  that business become a true profession , with a code of conduct and an ideology about its role in society  got far less traction , said Rakesh Khurana , a professor at Harvard Business School and author of “ From Higher Aims to Hired Hands , ” a historical analysis of business education .
Business schools , he said , never really taught their students that , like doctors and lawyers , they were part of a profession .
And in the 1970s , he said , the idea took hold that a company ’s stock price was the primary barometer of success , which changed the schools ’ concept of proper management techniques .
Instead of being viewed as long - term economic stewards , he said , managers came to be seen as mainly as the agents of the owners  the shareholders  and responsible for maximizing shareholder wealth .
“ A kind of market fundamentalism took hold in business education , ” Professor Khurana said .
“ The new logic of shareholder primacy absolved management of any responsibility for anything other than financial results . ”
Outwardly , at least , business schools look robust .
For years , they have drawn some of the most talented students , and many top candidates are still applying .
In fact , business school applications typically rise as the economy softens because potential students see graduate school as a haven from professional uncertainty .
Employers are making fewer recruiting trips to business schools this year , given the economy , but newly minted M.B.A. ’s are still winning highly selective jobs in finance and consulting .
A survey last year of M.B.A. candidates worldwide by the Graduate Management Admission Council , which administers the GMAT , found that 29 percent of incoming M.B.A. candidates were working in finance or consulting , and that 53 percent went into those industries upon graduating .
For universities , business education is a kind of cash cow .
Business schools are less expensive to operate than graduate schools with elaborate labs and research facilities , and alumni tend to be generous with donations .
As a rule , charitable giving lags falls in other parts of the economy by about a year .
Right on schedule , charities in the U.K. are seeing donations decrease , forcing them to lay off staff , seek new sources of funding or close entirely .
Nearly a thousand charities in the U.K. shut between 2007 and 2008 , according to a Charity Commission report published last month .
Nearly 60 % of the 1,000 respondents said they had experienced a reduction in income because of the recession .
By the last quarter of 2008 , a quarter of the charities interviewed had reported a fall in donations ; 61 % said they were concerned the economic downturn would affect the work they did or the activities they fund .
More than half of those U.K. charities that focused overseas said sterling 's fall against other currencies had affected them .
" Each pound that we spend in developing countries is buying us up to 20 % less than last year , " said a spokeswoman from Oxfam .
The Robert Gavron Charitable Trust , which has given to a variety of social charities and artistic organizations over the past few years , said in its latest annual report " the trustees are unlikely to be able to consider further applications for funding in the current financial climate . "
The report said the decision followed " a considerable fall in the value of the trust 's investments , which the trustees view with concern . "
Favourite answer
well no one was there except for God and how do you describe millions of years ?
it is also said that to God every day is as a thousand years .
no of course not !!!
why on earth would God play a trick on us like that ?
dinosaurs are not some kind of test that 's just crazy .
it 's just something we do n't have all the answers for .
no one does thats why there are many theories as to what happened before us how we got here because all we got is fossils and rocks to tell us the story ... thats not much .
leave it to humans to use their imaginations as to the big questions in life thats all we got unless God decides to sit us all down and have a press conference on how he did it which i doubt .
beside why does it really matter those things affect us not .
we are still here and we have our lives to live and choices to make .
Walk around the floor of Lightfair International , the lighting industry ’s annual trade show at the Javits Center in New York last week , and you would be forgiven for thinking that lamps based on light - emitting diodes , or LEDs , had already filled our homes and workplaces .
LED bulbs and fixtures dominated nearly every booth on the show floor .
Now all the world has to do is catch up .
Most people think of LEDs as the lights blinking from inside electronic devices .
They are being used increasingly to light rooms , though few people have ever bought them .
“ In the U.S. , 78 percent of the public is completely unaware that traditional light bulbs will be phased out in 2012 , ” said Charles F. Jerabek , president and chief executive of Osram Sylvania , a unit of Siemens .
By law , bulbs must be 30 percent more efficient than current incandescent versions beginning that year .
While the current crop of compact fluorescents could do the job , the industry is rallying around LED lamps for many applications .
They say LEDs last longer than current bulbs and compact fluorescent ones and their energy consumption could eventually be less than fluorescent lights ’ .
They can also be made in many shapes and sizes , which was evident at the trade show .
Unlike compact fluorescents bulbs , they contain no mercury and they work well in cold weather .
They provide a more pleasing light than fluorescents .
The Haskell Platform 2nd release ( June 2009 ) is live !
The Platform Infrastructure Team is pleased to announce the second release of the Haskell Platform : a single , standard Haskell distribution for every system .
The Haskell Platform is a blessed library and tool suite for Haskell distilled from Hackage , along with installers for a wide variety of systems .
It saves developers work picking and choosing the best Haskell libraries and tools to use for a task .
What you get is specified here .
Compilers , tools , a bunch of libraries for making you more interesting at cocktail parties .
With regular time - based releases , we expect the platform will grow into a rich , indispensable development environment for all Haskell projects .
Distro maintainers that support the Haskell Platform can be confident they ’re fully supporting Haskell as the developers intend it .
Developers targetting the platform can be confident they have a trusted base of code to work with .
Please note that this is a beta release .
We do not expect all the installers to work perfectly , nor every developer need met , and we would appreciate feedback .
What ’s new in this release ?
GHC 6.10.3 is now standard
Upgrade to network 2.2.1.1
Upgrade happy 1.18.4
editline is an explicit dependency
The last release had over 10 k downloads of the windows installer , and we hope to make a similar impact with this iteration .
You can help out by packaging the platform for your distro , or reporting bugs and feature requests , or installing Haskell onto your friends ’ machines .
The process for adding new tools and libraries will be outlined in coming weeks .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Barack Obama is revelling in presidential power and influence unseen in Washington for decades .
Barely 100 days in office , the U.S. president and his Democratic Party have firm control over the White House and Congress and the ability to push through ambitious plans .
Now , with the coming retirement of a Supreme Court justice clearing the way for him to appoint a successor , Obama already is assured a legacy at the top of all three branches of government -- executive , legislative and judicial .
On the corporate front , the federal government ’s pumping of billions of dollars in bailout money into banks and auto companies has given Obama the power to force an overhaul in those industries , a remarkable intervention in capitalist industries by the state .
Americans are giving him leeway as well .
His job approval ratings are well over 60 percent , giving him political capital to undertake big challenges .
His political opponents , the Republicans , are in disarray , reduced in numbers and engaged in an internal struggle over how to recover from devastating election losses in 2006 and last year .
Experts speak of Obama in the same league as such transformational presidents as Democrat Franklin Roosevelt , who led the United States through the Great Depression and World War Two , and Republican Ronald Reagan , who led the country to victory in the Cold War .
“ I cannot in my memory remember a time when a president of the United States has had more influence , ” said Democratic strategist Doug Schoen , who worked in the Clinton White House .
“ Not only is it his moment , it is a level of influence and power for a president that is literally unprecedented from any time since the New Deal and Franklin Roosevelt .
If he handles it right , it could be his century . ”
STROKE OF LUCK
Obama is seeing evidence that with power comes the occasional stroke of luck .
A gift came in the party switch this week by Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Specter from the Republicans to the Democrats .
It could give the Democrats unfettered authority .
If and when Minnesota Democrat Al Franken overcomes a recount battle and takes his Senate seat , Democrats will have a 60 - vote supermajority in the 100 - member Senate .
The announced retirement of Supreme Court Justice David Souter has given Obama the opportunity to put his imprint on the highest U.S. court and replace one of the court ’s liberals with another liberal voice .
Although he will not be able to change the court ’s balance of power from a conservative majority any time soon , he will be able to select a justice likely to remain on the bench long after Obama has left the White House .
How long will his luck last ?
With the U.S. economy reeling and millions of Americans without jobs , Obama has his work cut out for him .
He has a long list of challenges , and spoke of them at a news conference this week .
“ If you could tell me right now that , when I walked into this office that the banks were humming , that autos were selling , and that all you had to worry about was Iraq , Afghanistan , North Korea , getting healthcare passed , figuring out how to deal with energy independence , deal with Iran , and a pandemic flu , I would take that deal , ” Obama said .
Pollster John Zogby said that after his first 100 days , Obama now embarks on another weighty period in which Americans will want to see evidence that his $ 787 billion economic stimulus approved in February is working .
“ I think by late June , they are going to have to start seeing some of these economic indicators stabilizing or at least some orange cones and hard hats out on the roads -- something that indicates either a stemming of the tide or some kind of progress , ” Zogby said .
Those who keenly watch the poll numbers also point out that while Obama is personally popular , some of the items on his agenda are less so .
“ I think he will always stay personally popular , ” said Republican strategist Charlie Black , who was a senior adviser on Republican John McCain ’s presidential campaign last year .
“ But when you test the individual policies , a majority will tell you we ’re spending too much money . ”
“ On the policy proposals the jury is out as to how popular they will be , ” he said .
America was famously founded by companies and churches .
The woes of American capitalism are well known : Wall Street is a synonym for excess and greed around the world , and Detroit is tottering on the edge of bankruptcy .
But just as its temples to Mammon are under fire , so suddenly are its churches to God .
With Easter week upon us , Newsweek 's April 13 cover proclaims " The Decline and Fall of Christian America . "
The new American Religious Identification Survey ( ARIS ) shows that the proportion of Americans who claim to have no ...
Super creative WWF advertisements from around the world .
World Wildlife Fund campaigns for conservation , research and restoration of the natural environment .
It is the world ’s largest independent conservation organization with over 5 million supporters worldwide , working in more than 90 countries .
Most have to do with endangered species , poaching , deforestation , global warming and pollution .
Here are 40 cool ads that you 'll do n't mind when it draws your attention .
A DUTCH hotel that has earned a name for itself with an advertising campaign celebrating its awfulness has brought out a related book .
The Hans Brinker in Amsterdam chirpily claims to be the worst hotel in the world , although Gulliver would love to see some accompanying evidence .
A video eco -tour refers to all the various absences ( lift , spa , gym , attentive staff ) that confirm the Hans Brinker 's accidental environmental credentials .
And slogans such as " It ca n't get any worse .
But we 'll do our best " encapsulate the hotel 's attitude to self - promotion .
This is all a pleasant antidote to the self - regard of most hotels .
And the method has been successful enough for the Hans Brinker to pursue the theme for ten years .
Still , wacky humour only takes you so far , and recent guests have not been too impressed if comments on TripAdvisor are anything to go by .
( The gist is that the Hans Brinker is not very pleasant , but hey , it 's cheap . )
Shouting one 's fault from the rooftops makes an interesting marketing ploy , and not one that the travel industry is familiar with .
Still , we 're all for a bit of honesty and Gulliver can think of several companies that might benefit from a similar campaign .
Ryanair , anybody ?
( Photo credit : Hans Brinker )
[ H/t Heather ]
Last night on his " Worst Person in the World " segment , Keith Olbermann drew our attentions to the ostensibly " humorous " prose stylings of one David Feherty , a CBS golf analyst , in D Magazine recently :
From my own experience visiting troops in the Middle East , I can tell you this , though : despite how the conflict has been portrayed by our glorious media , if you gave any soldier a gun with two bullets in it , and he found himself in an elevator with Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid , and Osama bin Laden , there 's a good chance that Nancy Pelosi would get shot twice , and Harry Reid and Osama bin Laden would be strangled to death .
As Olbermann says :
Wow .
Manages to threaten by proxy the lives of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader in the Senate , and smear the average soldier as a potential political assassin .
Yes , one wonders if all the right - wingers who got into an uproar over veterans being " smeared " as " potential terrorists " by Homeland Security over that bulletin about right - wing extremism will come running now to decry this actual insult to our nation 's soldiers .
We wo n't be holding our breaths .
Feherty 's most recent book , incidentally , is titled An Idiot For All Seasons .
Indeed .
Meanwhile , might I suggest you all check out my new book ?
It might shed more light on this subject as well .
Jason Linkins has more .
What is it about technology that makes it not only addictive but so addictive as to be " like crack ? "
The question occurred while I was editing a story in which an industry analyst said : " Virtualization is like crack and people go crazy with it - for a while . "
Recognizing hyperbole when I see it , I presumed that he meant virtualization is like virtual crack , but point taken -- again .
This time , though , I felt compelled to do some research to see exactly how many different technologies are like crack .
Turns out there are so many that the search itself became like ... well , let 's just say it was hard to stop cold turkey .
Examples :
" Programming is like crack , " it says here , although you have n't hit bottom until you 're hopped up on object - oriented programming .
That stuff 's " really like crack for these people . "
" Blogging is like crack for academics . "
The Blackberry is so much like crack , of course , that the word crackberry is in the dictionary and pulls up more than 1 million returns on your standard Google search .
If you 've ever wondered -- not that you should have -- here is why " Ev-Do is like crack . "
The porn industry has long received credit -- too much , probably -- for spurring technological advances , so no one will be surprised to learn that cybersex is " the crack cocaine of sex addiction . "
But for gosh sakes , even the caps lock key on your keyboard can be " like crack " IN THE WRONG HANDS .
There is no end to the list of Internet sites that are like crack , no doubt in part because " bandwidth is like crack ; once consumers try a little , they have to have more . " ...
Do you have that bandwidth monkey on your back ?
C'mon , you 're among friends .
" E - Bay is like crack to sellers , " which I suppose would make e-Bay buyers like crack dealers , even though that seems bass - ackwards .
Wikipedia is like crack that anyone can edit .
" Facebook is virtual crack for the 21st Century , " it says here .
" Color is like crack " -- color ? -- it is on Flickr .
" Hulu is crack , iTunes is marijuana , " which makes iTunes a gateway drug , I suppose .
Yes , there is even a Web site named " Just Like Crack . "
A cell phone " is like having crack in my pocket , and every time it vibrates or rings it is like crack goes into my body and I have to answer it no matter if it is a text or a call it must be done . "
Techno - crack will make you babble like a crack - head .
A lot of parents already know this , but for those who do n't : " Xbox is crack for kids . "
In fact , so many " video games are like crack " -- especially World of Warcraft -- that I cannot for the life of me explain why we bought our kids a Wii this past Christmas ( which , not to get sidetracked from technology , is a holiday that is also like crack ) .
Everybody knows " Twitter is like crack . "
( Of course , it was founded by a guy named Biz Stone and stones are rocks and crack comes in rocks .
Coincidence ? )
Even simple " e- mail is like crack for marketers . "
Oh , why futz around :
When you get right down to it , " the Internet is like crack , only worse . "
Crack flowing through a series of tubes .
Even blog - statistics provider pMetrics is like crack , " but not in the prostitutes selling their bodies for a fix , possessing more than five grams gets you ten years in the pokey sort of way . "
That the writer felt compelled to make that distinction speaks volumes .
Researchers ask : " Electronic gaming machines :
Are they the ' crack - cocaine ' of gambling ? "
It 's one of those questions that answer themselves .
But the machines are nothing .
" Online gambling is called the crack cocaine of creating new addicted gamblers , " says this professor .
Must be so .
Bottom line :
There 's really no way a geek can escape crack 's clutches .
" Technology is like crack .
First you get a taste of the good stuff ... then you really pay . "
Do n't say I did n't warn you .
To give you an overview of what open source libraries are available for a given task we group projects for common problems into categories .
The catalog itself is available for contributions on GitHub .
Securities regulators and some financial firms are making it more difficult for investors to pile on when stocks are falling and further drive down prices .
The Securities and Exchange Commission , facing years of criticism , has begun to crimp the ability of traders who bet against stocks to depress prices by selling millions of shares they do n't possess , known as naked short selling .
And some financial firms have cut back on lending to traders who want to bet against stocks .
The result :
The number of stocks in which big chunks of shares have n't properly been delivered to investors has plummeted , to a daily average of 79 in the three months ending in March from 529 in the first nine months of 2008 , according to an analysis of trading data from major stock exchanges .
At issue are short sellers , traders who sell borrowed shares , betting they can replace them later with shares bought at a lower price .
Critics say short sellers , with the aid of brokerage firms , cause these delivery failures by shorting stocks without first borrowing shares , as required by securities law .
Such activity drives down stocks by adding to the selling pressure .
Preliminary evidence suggests that swine flu may prove relatively mild , though scientists warn against drawing firm conclusions from on - the - fly early research .
Wired.com has learned that Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory computer scientists Jonathan Allen and Tom Slezak did not find similarities between swine flu and historical strains that spread widely , with catastrophic effect .
Their findings are based on just one complete sample and several fragmentary samples of swine flu , but fit with two other early analyses .
Taken together , all these findings fit the notion that more Mexicans are infected than was originally thought , that severe cases represent a fraction of the outbreak , and that mortality rates are lower than originally feared .
Researchers with the Great Britain 's National Institute for Medical Research say swine flu's proteins suggest that it infects the upper rather than lower respiratory tract , reducing the damage it causes .
And two UK scientists have extrapolated a rough date for swine flu's emergence , and calculated the rate at which it appears to spread and mutate .
" If the calculations are correct , " said Slezak , " it 's indeed supportive of the other data that seems to agree that this is not going to be a catastrophic outbreak . "
Allen and Slezak studied amino acid markers — subtle variations in the molecular composition of swine flu genes — found in a complete swine flu genome from a person infected in California , as well as several incomplete genomes from other samples .
Little more than a week ago , the pair published a paper in the journal BMC Microbiology describing the general patterns of amino acid markers in past flu strains that became either highly lethal and contagious , or comparatively benign .
The samples appear to fall into the " comparatively benign " category , though the researchers stress that it 's only a preliminary finding , and that their BMC Microbiology findings have yet to be tested with a brand - new flu strain .
" This particular outbreak is going to be yet another data point to test , " said Slezak .
" If the hypothesis about the predictive value of these markers is correct , then we would hope that this wo n't be an especially severe outbreak . "
Appearing to support their hopes are the findings of the National Institute for Medical Research .
As reported Friday by the BBC , they found that swine flu's H1 gene — the virus is technically known as A( H1N1 ) — resembles the H1 gene of strains that reach their victims ' upper respiratory tracts , but not their lungs .
When flu enters the lungs , chemical fallout from a body 's immune response can cause severe damage .
Another gene in the virus , known as NS1 , belongs to a family of genes that seem to modulate immune response .
The swine flu version resembles other NS1 variants that trigger a mild reaction .
Those researchers stressed the early nature of their findings , but they fit with Slezak and Allen 's results .
" The markers and observations appear consistent with respect to our initial observation that the genetic makeup is not remarkably similar to past pandemic variants , " said Allen .
One more piece of the swine flu puzzle comes from the laboratories of University of Edinburgh viral geneticist Andrew Rambaut and epidemiologist Nicholas Grassly of Imperial College London .
By studying subtle changes in the genetic makeup of swine flu samples and correlating them with the date of infection , Rambaut reverse - engineered an approximate starting date for the outbreak .
The date is extremely broad , falling between September of 2008 to the first documented swine flu case in March .
" It is far too early to tell , " said Rambaut .
" I do n't think we can say anything useful yet . "
But if the middle range of Rambaut 's estimates hold , then Grassly calculates that the virus may not be spreading rapidly
But all this is still not certain .
Asked whether a visitor to Mexico several months ago might have carried an early , less - virulent version of the virus to the outside world , while the Mexican version evolved in a more dangerous direction , Columbia University epidemiologist Ian Lipkin answered , " Absolutely . "
Lipkin , a member of the World Health Organization 's surveillance network who is now studying the outbreak in New York City , expounded on other possible reasons for flu's seemingly disparate effects inside and outside Mexico .
" The possible explanations are myriad .
One is that a vaccine used in the past may have induced partial immunity .
Or there may be differences in susceptibility , in everything ranging from genetics to environment to nutrition , " he said .
Time will tell if the researchers ' glimpses of swine flu resemble the entire picture .
But even if predictions of global catastrophe prove unfounded , the flu may not pass quietly .
" I do n't think this is going to hit us hard in the northern hemisphere , " said Lipkin , noting that influenza spreads less easily in the summer , and vaccines should be ready by the time winter arrives .
" But the southern hemisphere is going into the winter right now .
They 're at the greatest risk . " **
See Also :
Image : CDC
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Running MySpace , new CEO Owen Van Natta and News Corp. ( NWS ) digital head Jon Miller are beginning to realize they have taken on a much bigger challenge than they initially thought , sources close to both executives tell us .
" The business is in a lot worse shape than Fox Interactive was positioning " prior to the Owen and Jon 's arrival , one source says .
There are two main myths that the new team has seen exploded since their arrival .
Myth 1 : MySpace usage may not be growing , but it 's not shrinking either .
During former CEO Chris DeWolfe 's tenure , MySpace made a lot of noise in public about its 120 milllion or so unique visitors , but the new team on the scene has discovered that " the true [ user ] engagement numbers are horrendous . "
Myth 2 : With its year - old portal advertising strategy , MySpace does n't need Google to make money
Google hates the $ 900 million , 3 - year MySpace ad deal it did back in 2006 .
When it renews the deal , Google will probably only guarantee around $ 50 million per year .
This will cut MySpace 's annual ad revenues in half , from $ 600 million to $ 300 million .
So what do Jon and Owen plan to do , now that they 've learned just how deep MySpace 's problems run ?
Already , they 've canceled plans to move FIM to a new offices .
That move will cost the company $ 350 million over the next 12 years if MySpace can't find someone to sublease the vacant new offices , Pali Research reports .
But it had to happen because Live Nation reneged on a deal to lease the offices MySpace currently occupies .
We 've been told to expect two more " dramatic " changes .
Layoffs .
News Corp is a cutthroat company .
Jon and Owen know they can't let MySpace lose $ 100 million to $ 150 million during their first year and keep their jobs much longer .
The easiest and probably smartest way for them to keep that from happening will be to cut MySpace 's 1,500 - strong headcount in half .
" If you can't run that site with 750 people , you do n't know how to run a business , " says a source close to the executives .
Another source close to the executives described Owen and Jon as " the new adult supervision " that will " make adult decisions . "
New sales leadership .
MySpace sales boss Jeff Berman is on his way out , and we hear Jon wants to replace him with one of his old AOL colleagues .
" Jeff is very good , very smart , " but " miscast , " says a source who thinks Jeff will be moved to a new position in News Corp .
" You want to bring a pro in , " says this source , " [ Jeff ] is learning on the job . "
Reached , MySpace declined to comment on this story .
Both FTP and SMTP are simple text based protocols .
A previous article showed how to check if an email address exists using SMTP commands from the terminal .
Here I would like to show you how you can use raw FTP commands to connect to an FTP server , login , traverse directories and even download files .
But before we do this we need to understand how FTP is different from the other protocols .
Firstly FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) uses two channels , the data channel and the control channel .
This is called out - of - band control .
The control channel sends commands to the FTP server and the data channel is used for data ( to retrieve files from the server , etc ) .
Secondly there are two major modes of FTP operation , the active mode and the passive modes .
The difference lies in the way the data channels are opened .
In Active FTP , the FTP server will connect to the client port and send data to it .
In Passive FTP , the FTP server will tell the client which port to connect to for retrieving data .
Firewalls can complicate the process on both sides .
In our example , we will use Passive FTP ( avoiding firewall issues on client ) to download a file using anonymous FTP login to the IETF servers .
There are a lot of files on this server by some estimates it is about 4GB .
We will pick up a small file called ftpext - charter .
txt located in the / ietf / ftpext / folder on the server .
Open the terminal / command prompt ( On windows , Go to Start > Run > type cmd ) .
Once you are on the command prompt , type this command to connect to the FTP server and issue commands
C:\> telnet ftp.ietf.org 21
220 ProFTPD 1.3.1 Server ( ProFTPD ) [ 64.170.98.33 ]
USER anonymous
331 Anonymous login ok , send complete email address as your password PASS blogger@webdigi.co.uk 230 Anonymous access granted , restrictions apply CWD ietf / ftpext / 250 CWD command successful PASV 227 Entering Passive Mode ( 64,170,98,33,151,31 ) .
RETR ftpext - charter .
txt 150 Opening ASCII mode data connection for ftpext - charter . txt ( 6060 bytes ) 226 Transfer complete QUIT 221 Goodbye .
Commands / Response on control channel
We issued these five commands in the following order at lines 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 and 13 .
USER – Send username to the FTP server
PASS – Send the password ( Anonymous servers need email address )
CWD – Change the working directory on the server
PASV – To enter the passive mode ( To let client connect to the server )
RETR –
To retrieve a remote file from the server
QUIT – To terminate the connection to the server
Between line 10 and 12 , you will notice that the file was downloaded .
To start the download , I had to open up another telnet window to open the data channel .
To figure out to which IP address and port I had to connect to , we have to look at line number 9 .
We received a set of numbers ( 64,170,98,33,151,31 ) from the server in response to the PASV command .
The first four related to the IP address 64.170.98.33 and the last two 151 and 31 help us identify which port to connect to .
Multiply the first by 256 and add it to the second .
So , 151 * 256 + 31 which is equal to 38687 .
Now that we have the IP address and port number , all we have to do is to open a second terminal and telnet to IP : Port as shown below :
C:\> telnet 64.170.98.33 38687
This will now show you all the contents of the file ftpext - charter .
txt being thrown into your second terminal window .
Once this is done , you can proceed to type further commands on the control channel ( the first terminal window ) .
Notes :
– The anonymous FTP server on IETF has a 60 second timeout on its control channel connection .
Please connect to your own FTP servers they might be more forgiving to humans on terminals .
– FTP is not very secure as you can see the password and username are sent in plain text !
Also , there is no encryption as you saw on file downloads or uploads .
– Type HELP once you send your password to see what commands you can issue the server .
– Here is a list of raw FTP commands and the parameters
– Here is a list of anonymous FTP servers
– This is the FTP sequence diagram which explains stuff at DNS and TCP level
– On windows there is a built in command line FTP tool ( called ftp ) .
It is useful but it does not show us how to use raw commands and communicate to an FTP server .
– SFTP ( SSH File Transfer Protocol ) , FTPS ( FTP over SSL ) are more secure ways of using FTP .
Hope this helps !
Yglesias made a graph using data from yesterday 's DailyKos / Research 2000 poll on the GOP 's base of support .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
HM Revenue & Customs was tonight investigating explosive allegations about tax avoidance schemes operated by Barclays Bank , made by a whistleblower in the firm and apparently substantiated by leaked documents .
HMRC 's moves came as the government announced steps to try to discourage tax avoidance by Britain 's banks , now frequently dependent on state aid .
The chancellor launched plans for a code of practice in which banks would be expected to abide by the " spirit of the law " .
The whistleblower in Barclays 's apparently troubled structured - finance department at Canary Wharf has disclosed to the Liberal Democrats the existence of a scheme codenamed Project Knight .
In memos seen by the Guardian , executives from SCM , Barclays 's structured capital markets division , sought approval for a 2007 plan to sink a total of more than $ 16bn ( £ 11.4 bn ) into US loans .
Tax benefits were to be generated by an elaborate circuit of Caymans companies , US partnerships and Luxembourg subsidiaries , in a $ 4bn deal with North Carolina Branch Banking & Trust Co ( BB&T ) .
Memos detailing a number of alleged tax avoidance schemes in elaborately structured international loans were published by the Guardian on its website .
The Guardian today identified two similar , larger schemes which Barclays apparently carried out .
One , involving an entity called Pelleas , involved a $ 6bn loan and the other , Claudas , swallowed up $ 7bn .
The chancellor , Alastair Darling , told parliament : " I have asked HM Revenue & Customs to publish shortly a draft code of practice on taxation for the banking sector – so that banks will comply not just with the letter but the spirit of the law . "
Darling said the draft would be published by the time of the budget next month and that the full version would be introduced as soon as possible afterwards .
Although he did not give details of how it would be enforced , he said the banks dependent on taxpayer support would be expected to comply .
" The public would expect that , if it is supporting the bank system , then those banks are prepared to abide by that code , " he said .
Darling said the government had taken action against tax avoidance in every budget since 1997 but that , as soon as one loophole was closed , another opened up .
" Partly because the very complexity of banking , the way in which , sometimes just investment banks and sometimes others have sought to develop instruments in order to avoid pay taxes has in itself posed a systemic threat to the system . "
The Lib Dem Treasury spokesman , Matthew Oakeshott , said that the leaked documents showed that HMRC attempts to keep up with the banks ' tax avoidance were like " a fat policeman chasing a speeding Ferrari " .
HMRC said : " We have received papers relating to allegations of tax avoidance in the banking industry which we are studying carefully . "
A spokesman for Barclays insisted that all its transactions were discussed with HMRC .
" Project Knight was voluntarily and fully disclosed to HMRC , though there was no statutory obligation to do so . "
A senior former tax official familiar with Barclays 's tax strategies said HMRC was not always able to realise what lay behind the limited disclosures by the bank .
Project Knight appeared to be a scheme to obtain double tax reliefs in different countries , he said .
" By my reckoning , the scheme , which has been highly engineered to get around tax rules , looks set to save Barclays about £ 60 m a year in tax on a £ 4bn loan outlay . "
He said HMRC " will not be provided with anything about the counterparties , and the structures which each scheme employs will not usually be volunteered .
A group the size of Barclays will have hundreds of subsidiaries , and will submit its accounts and computations by the vanload to a relatively small team of investigators .
" There is plenty of scope for things to be missed or misunderstood , and the bank will not only volunteer nothing , leaving the inspector to ask precisely the right questions , but will also , with the help of advisers , craft replies to HMRC questions with a view to giving factually correct but as unhelpful answers as possible . "
Are you wondering how we are ever going to clean up our oceans ?
Well , the Fishing For Energy partnership might be the answer to your prayers …. at least when it comes to cleaning the oceans of old fishing gear .
Fishing for Energy , is seeking nominations for U.S. ports to participate in an innovative program created to collect derelict fishing gear that threatens marine life .
Â
Without proper disposal systems in place , tons of useless fishing gear and marine debris make their way into oceans each year .
These can often endanger marine animals by entangling them or being ingested by them .
The Fishing for Energy partnership is an initiative between Covanta Energy , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) Marine Debris Program , the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation ( NFWF ) , and Schnitzer Steel Industries , Inc. , which provides a cost - free solution for fishermen to dispose of old , derelict or unusable fishing gear .
Established in February 2008 , the program has collected over 150 tons of fishing gear from 12 ports .
The gear is then processed into clean , renewable energy at a nearby Covanta Energy - from - Waste facility .
According to Paul Gilman , Chief Sustainability Officer at Covanta Energy , World Oceans
Day which just passed on June 8th , provided the perfect opportunity to reach out to encourage people to nominate their local port for participation in the Fishing for Energy program .
designated ports would then have the opportunity to provide a no -cost solution to local fishermen trying to dispose of unwanted fishing gear .
To nominate a port and bring Fishing for Energy to your community , fill out a port nomination form found at www.nfwf.org/fishingforenergy or contact Tom Barry at the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation at tom.barry@nfwf.org .
Reaffirming the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution
There ’s something very interesting going on throughout the United States .
Since January , thirty - five states have enacted or are in the process of enacting legislation that affirms the rights guaranteed to states under the Constitution of the United States , specifically in the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution .
The Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution :
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people .
The issue of the sovereign rights of states has reared it ’s head many times in the brief two hundred plus years of our republic ; however , I am having difficulty recalling a time in which so many bipartisan resolutions have been enacted in such short span of time .
And it is n’t limited to just one geographic area , such as before the American Civil War – this is nationwide , not that you would see this reported on the news .
It is a shame that our federal government ( and governance in general ) has reached a point that states must push back against federalism .
That said , I think our founding fathers would be quite proud .
This is disturbing news .
A report published in the Canadian newspaper The Globe and Mail ( April 1 , 2009 ) quoting a study published in an American medical journal Acta Paediatrica says that the harmful effects of chemical pesticides can be passed on from generation to generation .
The report quotes Paul Winchester , a professor of clinical paediatrics at Indiana University 's School of Medicine , and also a practising neonatologist at the Riley Hospital for Children , as saying :
“ In one study baby rats exposed to atrazine , an herbicide that is banned in European countries , were born with no birth defects .
But they developed problems including infertility , kidney and prostate problems , cancer and shortened lifespans as adults - and passed them on to their offspring . ”
Atrazine , a persistent pesticide , is widely used in India [ and the U.S. * ]
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
This study is shocking indeed .
So far we were made to believe that the harm pesticides cause is immediately apparent .
But Dr Winchester 's study goes much beyond and explains how pesticides can have long - term problems in humans .
Maybe I alone was unaware of the long - term impact of some of the pesticides , and I therefore thought it would be useful to share this disturbing news report .
I am sure you will agree the urgent need for more long - term studies to ascertain the effects of pesticides before the approval for its application is given .
If this is true of pesticides , I wonder how can the Genetic Engineering Approval Committee ( GEAC ) be satisfied with the so - called long - term tests done by Mahyco on Bt brinjal .
The longest toxicity tests , which are for only 90 days , cannot assess long - term effects like the development of tumours or cancers from genetic modification .
No safety can be concluded about Bt Brinjal based on this , and considering the above mentioned study on atrazine exposure in rats , it is obvious that the true impact can only be known when research spans for a few generations .
In the laboratory studies , the first generation of baby rats born with exposure to atrazine herbicide carried no birth defects , but as they grew old they developed serious problems , and then passed it on to their next generation .
In the case of GM crops , we need experiments on rats to continue for several generations to know the real impacts .
I do n't understand why should the GEAC be in a tearing hurry to sweep scientific scrutiny under the carpet ?
The news report entitled Risk of birth defects linked to month of conception is reproduced in part below .
Babies conceived in the spring and summer are more likely than others to be born with a range of birth defects , according to new research .
A possible reason :
The levels of pesticides and other agrichemicals in surface water happen to peak at the same time .
The U.S. study , published in this month 's issue of the medical journal Acta Pædiatrica , relies on data from the U.S. Geological Survey , the Environmental Protection Agency and the birth certificates of 30.1 million babies born in the United States from 1996 to 2002 .
Lead author Paul Winchester , a professor of clinical pediatrics at Indiana University 's school of medicine , and his colleagues found a strong association between the increased number of birth defects in children of women whose last menstrual period occurred in April , May , June or July and elevated levels of nitrates , atrazine and other pesticides in surface water ( streams and rivers ) during the same period .
This correlation was statistically significant for half of the 22 categories of birth defects reported in a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention database from 1996 to 2002 , including spina bifida , cleft lip , clubfoot and Down syndrome .
“ No one has ever said to a pregnant woman , ' Your month of conception puts you at risk , ' ” Dr. Winchester says .
" It 's not in any textbook … . ”
The study shows only a correlation between pesticides and birth defects .
More research is necessary to prove causation , Dr. Winchester says .
Still , without the parallel spikes in water contamination and birth defects , the study could have exonerated those pesticides measured .
" It did n't do that , " he says .
There is a growing body of research raising concerns about agrichemicals .
A study found that women exposed to pesticides through gardening or proximity to agricultural crops have an increased risk of giving birth to offspring with neural - tube defects and limb anomalies .
One current limitation of research in this area is a lack of consistent data - for instance , many states , including Indiana , do not routinely collect information on the levels of agrichemicals in drinking water … .
[ P]esticides ' harmful effects may not be immediately apparent … .
That means agrichemicals could have effects for generations to come , he says .
full article here Read .
Empasis added .
Needing Intuition in Math(s ) : one example
I ’m helping a few people with abstract algebra at the moment , and I came to this realization .
Most people learning abstract algebra , as far as I can tell , have no idea why homomorphisms and factor groups are sensible things to think about .
They quickly come to understand the idea of a group , and enough varied examples are usually given that they can see how the idea of a group applies to a number of things .
They quickly come to terms with subgroups , though the idea looks rather trivial to them .
Then you get to homomorphisms and factor groups ; at this point , most classes run out of intuition and just jump in for some unmotivated mathematical constructions .
I ’m not quite sure why this is , honestly .
Anyone with the slightest modicum of mathematical curiosity probably has thoughtn about factor groups since they were seven or eight years old .
In the context of integers and addition , most children realize on their own ( whether it ’s taught to them or not ) that the sum of two even numbers , or of two odd numbers , is even , while the sum of an even number and an odd number is odd .
This is , of course , a factor group .
Students who are presented with the mathematical definition of a factor group should first have , in their set of mental tools , this simple intuitive definition :
Factor Group :
For any group ( G , * ) , a factor group is a group that is obtained by being sufficiently sleep - deprived ( or perhaps drunk , depending on the university ) that one ca n’t tell the difference between some members of the original group , and then trying to write down a group table .
Of course , one then goes on to point out that sometimes this works , but sometimes it does n’t .
If one looks at the integers and only sees “ even ” or “ odd ” , then it works .
If one looks at the integers and only sees “ negative ” or “ non-negative ” , then it does n’t work , since the sum of a negative number and a positive number could be either negative or positive .
It then becomes natural to ask when it works , and when it does n’t .
This provides a justification , then , for nailing down the abstract definitions , defining normal subgroups , proving that the factor group is well - defined when modding out a normal subgroup , and so on .
First , though , the student needs to be convinced that these are natural things to think about .
( A quick aside : I ’m not pulling out the idiotic canard that students need to be convinced that mathematics is useful in “ the real world ” or anything so ridiculous as that .
But even the purest mathematicians are more interested in answering questions that naturally arise than those that seem quite arbitrary . )
Speaking of defining normal subgroups , it is really inexcusable how many students have never even noticed the close relationship between normal subgroups and commutativity .
Sure , everyone knows that all subgroups of an abelian group are normal ; but this seems to be treated as a sort of occasionally useful curiosity .
Few students are even exposed to the simple fact that normality of subgroups is inextricably entwined in the degree to which the subgroup commutes with the surrounding group .
Case in point : one of the equivalent conditions for normality that is often taught is this :
Let H be a subgroup of G .
Then H is normal in G if and only if for any h in H , and any g in G , the product ( g’ h g ) is in H ( where by g’ , I mean the inverse of g ) .
This statement is absolutely correct … but it is utterly useless to a student who will most certainly not recognize ( g’ h g ) as a statement about the commutativity of h and g .
So first , it helps to show a few other results :
The following are equivalent : ( g’ h g ) = h , and gh = hg .
The proof is trivial is both directions , and students can likely figure it out on their own .
But , and this is the important part , students will likely not recognize this simple fact if they have n’t seen it before .
Let H be a subgroup of G. Then H is a subgroup of Center ( G ) if and only if for any h in H , and any g in G , ( g’ h g ) = h .
This is just applying the previous result and the definition of a center .
From this point , the path to the earlier condition is clear .
We ’re really talking about commutativity , but of course our ultimate goal is to be able to blur our eyes ( or get sleep - deprived , or drunk ) such that we ca n’t tell the difference between the members of H .
Then one may start with # 2 above , and simply remove the distinction between members of H — so instead of looking for ( g’ h g ) = h , we look for ( g’ h g ) being “ close enough ” to h… in other words , it should be in the same subgroup .
One may now recognize that normality really is a weaker analogue of commutativity .
So the literal point here is that students ought to be taught these two intuitions .
The larger point is to wonder why it ’s apparently considered appropriate to teach abstract algebra without teaching these two intuitions .
The world 's first inventory of sea and land animals around a group of freezing Antarctic islands has uncovered some 1,224 species , it was revealed today .
A team from the British Antarctic Survey and University of Hamburg spent seven weeks on board the research vessel RRS James Clark Ross studying life on the South Orkney Islands , near the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula .
The survey - which saw experts combing the land , using scuba divers in the shallows and employing a special sledge with nets up to 1,500 metres long in waters around the island - revealed an area with more life than the Galapagos Islands , an area renowned for its unique species .
Scientists recorded marine and land species , including sea urchins , free - swimming worms , crustaceans , molluscs , mites and birds .
They also painstakingly examined over 100 years of historical records on the flora and fauna in this region .
Five species were also found to be completely new to science , including marine ' woodlice ' and moss - like animals .
The team of 23 scientists believes the study provides an important benchmark to monitor how animals will respond to climate change in the future .
The oceans around Antarctica have increased by an average of 1 °C in the last 50 years .
The atmospheric temperature on the Antarctica Peninsula has increased by 2.5 °C over the same time and is one of the most rapidly warming areas on the planet .
Lead author Dr David Barnes of the Cambridge - based British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) , has revealed his findings in the Journal of Biogeography to be published this week .
He said : ' If we are to understand how these animals will respond to future change , a starting point like this is really important .
' We were amazed to find so many animals on these islands .
' Of the 1224 species recorded there were 50 types or genus of animals - many more than we ’ve found in one place before .
' By having a benchmark of the animals that live here we can now monitor how they will respond to climate change , as they are in one of the most rapidly warming areas on the planet .
' This is the first time anybody has done an inventory like this in the polar regions . '
In an interview with the BBC , he added : ' There is a widely held belief that life is very rich in the tropics and decreases through temperate areas , through to polar regions , which are thought to be barren .
' That is partly because we see life from the land point of view - and when we see the Arctic and Antarctic , we just see ice .
' But below the surface of the sea , it is an incredibly rich environment , and diving there is a bit like diving on a coral reef . '
Studies of animal life around Antarctica often uncover new species as little is known about the area .
Dr Barnes told the BBC : ' This is some of the best - studied land anywhere in the Antarctic , because there have been biologists on it continuously for decades .
' Ironically - when you have a place where you do n't find lots of new species , it tells you that you know the life that occurs there fairly well . '
Stefanie Kaiser , from the University of Hamburg , said : ' We never knew there were so many different species on and around these islands .
' This abundance of life was completely unexpected for a location in the polar regions , previously perceived to be poor in biodiversity . '
The study forms part of the Census of Marine Life ( COML ) , a ten - year programme started in 2000 to assess the abundance and diversity of marine life in the world 's oceans .
Related Posts : Giant sponge , Humpback , Inventory , Penguin , Poles , Red Starfish , Scientists , Sea Spider , Species , Whale
About The Author Bie , that 's my name .
Im just an ordinary blogger .
Ea eam labores imperdiet , apeirian democritum ei nam , doming neglegentur ad vis .
Ne malorum ceteros feugait quo , ius ea liber offendit placerat , est habemus aliquyam legendos id .
Eam no corpora maluisset definitiones .
Share This
Who would win in a fight between the IRA and the Taliban ?
The makers of an American television show have created a computer simulator to provide the answer to a question no - one was asking , outside of a school playground or in a pub after a few too many drinks .
Deadliest Warrior pitches hypothetical fights between historical figures , assessing the strengths and weaknesses of factors such as weaponry and tactics , like a hi-tech version of playground card game Top Trumps .
The analysis is used to create a computer model where the battle plays out to the death .
I think it is entirely regrettable that once again we have media outlets seeking to exploit ruthless terrorism for commercial gain
Jeffrey Donaldson
DUP MP
It is broadcast by Spike , a cable channel owned by MTV aimed at " young adult males " , and the pitch for Sunday 's programme is suitably dramatic .
" The Taliban - deadly extremists battling in the mountains of Afghanistan , versus the IRA - elusive , hard - hitting masters of Ireland 's urban jungles .
" It 's a battle to the death , between two lethal guerrilla warriors , armed to the teeth with flamethrowers , rocket launchers , carbines , mines and a devastating home - made bombs . "
DUP MP Jeffrey Donaldson said the programme could be seen as glorifying terrorism .
" I think it is entirely regrettable that once again we have media outlets seeking to exploit ruthless terrorism for commercial gain , " he said .
" It may be seen as a bit of fun , but young people are very impressionable , and it is wrong to glorify a terror group when countless people lost their lives . "
Previous episode titles include Viking vs Samurai , Spartan vs Ninja and Pirate vs Knight .
1 of 1 2 of 1
With an increase in apps , there may be changes ahead for the print - comics industry as the medium moves into the digital world .
Even superheroes are having a tough time weathering the recession .
To pump up sagging sales , beleaguered indie and mainstream comic - book publishers are turning to digital products to distribute their tales of misunderstood mutants , do - gooder vigilantes , and villains .
For example , at the New York Comic Con in February , industry mainstay Marvel Comics announced that this spring , it will begin selling two “ motion comics ” ( semi- animated comics ) — Spider - Woman and Astonishing X - Men—via the iTunes Store .
With the growing popularity of mobile devices like the iPhone , Michael Murphey , the owner of Texas - based iVerse Media , could n’t resist the opportunity to develop a bridge between the print and digital comic worlds .
The company launched its first titles in November .
“ We go in and take traditional print comics and original content , depending on the situation , and convert those into mobile - formatted comics , ” Murphey told the Georgia Straight by phone .
The company distributes mobile comics through the iTunes App Store as individual applications for the iPhone and the iPod Touch .
It also releases them through the Android Market for Android - based smartphones like the T - Mobile G1 .
According to Murphey , iVerse decided not to make its comics available through a single viewing app partly in response to Apple ’s strict regulations for App Store vendors .
This gives iVerse more breathing room in terms of the kinds of titles it chooses to develop .
“ If we were to create just one application , and then Apple was to not like one of the things we published in that application and was to then remove our application from the iTunes Store , then we ’re out of business , ” Murphey said .
Many of iVerse ’s comics sell for 99 cents , and some first issues are free .
Among the more than 60 titles the company has released through iTunes are issues from the Atomic Robo , Oz : The Manga , and Star Trek : Countdown series .
The latter is the official comic - book prequel to the movie Star Trek , which hit theatres on May 8 .
One downside to reading comics on the iPhone is the device ’s small screen size .
In transferring a full - page panel of a sprawling cityscape from a print edition to the iPhone , a lot of graphic detail is lost .
However , a number of iVerse ’s comics have been created for mobile - phone screens .
Murphey ’s company is n’t alone in the mobile - comics universe .
Uclick distributes comic books for the iPhone and the iPod Touch , AComic Viewer displays titles on Android phones , and PictoPocket is a digital - comics reader for Windows Mobile devices .
Of course , not all comic - book fans have smartphones , so Murphey and his team are working on comics - viewing software for Windows and Mac operating systems .
“ Basically , if there ’s a screen on it , we need to put comics on it for people , ” he said .
Murphey does n’t see this as the beginning of a war between print and digital comics .
But he conceded that there may be changes ahead for the print - comics industry .
“ We may not see as many monthly issues printed , ” Murphey explained .
“ Instead , we ’ll see the trade paperback printed , and the monthly issue will just go digital .
But I do n’t think that print will ever be completely replaced by digital , and I do n’t think it should be . ”
He estimates that Japan ’s digital - comic - book industry brings in about US $ 270 million a year , and that the North American market could match that by 2011 .
It ’s a significant shift that Michael Rea , manager of Golden Age Collectables , is n’t welcoming with open arms .
A retailer and reader of traditional comic books , he wo n’t be in the market for a mobile device anytime soon .
“ I do n’t see the need for it , ” Rea told the Straight , surrounded by a plethora of comic books in his shop in downtown Vancouver .
“ I do n’t need two telephones that nobody calls me on . ”
Although he ’s concerned about the state of the traditional comic - book industry in the digital age , Rea remains cautiously hopeful that a distributor will step up to support small - run print comics , since a number of companies are cutting back on their commitment to distributing such works .
Sean O’Reilly , owner and CEO of Coquitlam - based publisher Arcana Comics , told the Straight in a phone interview that his company is creating digital comics for mobile devices .
Arcana is developing Creatures and Monsters , a new series that will straddle the digital and print markets .
“ It basically allows for a new distribution channel for our existing library of content , ” O’Reilly said of digital comics .
“ It allows us to get a readership and a user base that we ordinarily would n’t have access to . ”
To O’Reilly , digital comics are complementary to print comics , rather than being a replacement .
“ We will always publish books , ” he said .
“ I just do n’t see that changing in my lifetime . ”
Renew is hosting another doubt :: night this evening at 7:30 pm at Third and Walnut Bar and Grille ( corner of Third and Walnut Street in Lansdale near the train station ) .
What is doubt :: night ?
It ’s a laid - back relational space created with intention to allow us to air out our doubts , questions , concerns and longings about life , God , faith , Jesus , the Church , the Bible , etc .
We rent out a room at the bar once a month and encourage dialog .
It ’s a chance to process through the spiritual journey we ’re on .
Life ’s greatest , most significant questions are worth wrestling through with other people .
No question are off limits .
No pre-set views are required .
Skeptics and dreamers are welcomed .
No perfect people are allowed .
Just honesty and a desire to listen and learn from others .
Observing the mechanisms of evolution in order to understand how a species adapts to another under different ecological conditions was the goal of researchers at the Laboratoire Écologie et Évolution at CNRS , Université Pierre et Marie Curie and the École Normale Supérieure .
They studied two bacteria - a predator and a prey - over 300 generations in a controlled environment .
For the first time , these scientists were able to demonstrate that the coevolutionary process is dependent on ecological conditions .
Indeed , under certain conditions , the prey becomes resistant to the predator , which itself evolves so that it can attack this new prey .
In addition , the scientists issued a warning against the previously envisaged use of this predator ( Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus ) as a " living antibiotic " because , like other antibiotics , this could lead to the selection of resistant pathogenic bacteria .
Since publication of the Origin of Species by Charles Darwin 150 years ago , it has been known that one of the dynamics of evolution is natural selection .
Its results depend on environmental conditions and interactions between the species present ( competition , predation , parasitism , cooperation ) .
Some twenty years ago , a new field of research - experimental evolution - started to develop , and it has enabled scientists to better understand the mechanisms underlying evolution .
For example , one idea was to cultivate populations of bacteria under well - controlled conditions over a large number of generations .
These populations are made up of numerous individuals that were initially identical from the genetic point of view .
And because the turnover of generations was very rapid , just a few months were sufficient to observe the emergence of new mutants , constituting a source of genetically - different lines .
Instead of reconstituting the past , the scientists thus became eye - witnesses to the appearance of new species .
Scientists in the Laboratoire Écologie et Évolution have used this type of experiment to understand how the environment influences the evolution of a pair of bacteria .
One was the predator , Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus , and the other the prey , Pseudomonas fluorescens .
The predator penetrated the prey and killed it by consuming it from the inside .
This predator is a relatively common bacterium , one which British researchers have suggested could be used as a " living antibiotic " .
As for the prey , it benefits from a considerable capacity for adaptation : when cultured in a bottle of liquid medium ( not agitated ) , it gave rise to two new forms ( or species ) , each occupying an ecological niche : the WS ( Wrinkly Spreader morph ) formed a biofilm on the surface of the nutrient medium while the FS ( Fuzzy Spreader morph ) lived at the bottom of the bottle where low oxygen levels were present .
The SM ( ancestral smooth morph ) , the initial form , occupied the liquid phase of the oxygen - rich nutrient medium .
Each species formed colonies with a different appearance , so that population diversification could be monitored .
During their experiment , the researchers worked on 36 populations of P. fluorescens , cultured in a liquid medium and sealed within 36 constantly - agitated bottles .
They introduced the predator into half of these bottles .
At regular intervals ( 2 , 3 or 4 days ) , a fraction of each population ( 1 % or 0.1 % ) was collected and inoculated into a new bottle filled with fresh culture medium .
These transfers simulated an environmental disturbance and could be compared with a hurricane sweeping through a forest , flattening large trees but allowing other undergrowth species to develop .
By varying the frequency and intensity of disturbances , some species were privileged over others , thus ensuring either the maintenance of biodiversity or , on the contrary , the proliferation of certain species .
During the experiments , the frequency and intensity of transfers was varied , so that the researchers were able to simulate six different environmental conditions .
Thus 20 successive transfers ( corresponding to 300 generations ) were performed , during which the predators and prey were preserved by freezing , making it possible to test the efficiency of predators on ancestral prey after evolution , or vice versa .
By " manipulating " time in this way , the scientists were able to follow evolutions in predator efficiency and prey resistance .
At the end of the experiments , only the SM prey were present in predator - free bottles ; no new species had appeared .
In the other bottles , predator presence caused the natural selection of predator - resistant prey : the prey had thus evolved .
The appearance of several types of resistant preys was observed , taking the SM , FS and WS forms .
WS morphs adhered to the walls , were difficult to transfer and ultimately disappeared from the experiment .
SM morphs grew more rapidly than FS , but were less predator - resistant .
Depending on the conditions of transfer , one or the other was selected .
The predator also evolved .
It was able to adapt to FS resistant prey , but not to SM resistant prey .
What makes prey resistant or predators capable of attacking them again remains poorly understood .
Sequencing the genome of these bacteria will probably throw light on the underlying mechanisms .
Whatever the case , these scientists showed for the first time that the coevolution of prey and predator is not systematic , but depends on the type of resistance displayed by the prey , which itself is selected as a function of ecological conditions .
In the end , it is the environment that determines whether coevolution will occur , or not .
In addition , rather than using an antibiotic compound , two British researchers proposed a few years ago that B. bacteriovorus could be used as a predator to kill bacteria responsible for human diseases .
They thought that no bacillus ( a group of bacteria to which the prey , P. fluorescens , belongs ) could develop resistance to this predator .
These recent experiments have demonstrated the contrary .
In the light of these findings , use of a bacterial predator as a living antibiotic could cause the selection of bacterial strains resistant to this predator , so that there would not necessarily be any further advantages to be gained over standard , chemical antibiotic therapy .
WASHINGTON , June 22 , 2009 --
At least six people were killed and scores injured during rush hour Monday evening when two Metro trains collided , causing cars from one to land atop the the other .
The National Transportation Safety Board and the FBI are on the scene of what is being called the deadliest crash in the Metro 's history , according to D.C. officials .
District of Columbia Fire Department spokesman Alan Etter said crews had to cut people out of the mangled train cars in what he described as a " mass casualty event . "
Rescue workers propped steel ladders up to the upper train cars to help survivors escape .
According to an update posted on the Metro Web site , there are at least " one hundred injuries , many serious , according to preliminary reports . "
One of the victims is a female Metro employee operating one of the trains .
Homeland Security Department spokeswoman Amy Kudwa told The Associated Press that federal authorities had no indication of any terrorism connection at this point in the investigation
A Metro train car was stalled , waiting for clearance into the Fort Totten station , when a second one plowed into it from behind , according to D.C. fire officials .
The accident happened around 4:59 p.m. on the city 's red line in northeast Washington between the Takoma Park and Fort Totten stations .
The female train operator who was killed , whose name has not yet been released , was driving the rear train .
A D.C. alert Monday evening said , " Metro reports that two trains collided and one train is on top of the other train . "
At 8:17 p.m. , a National Transportation Safety Board spokesman said he did not know which train was on top -- the stalled train , or the trailing one .
D.C. police chief Cathy Lanier discouraged family members from coming to the collision scene to retrieve or inquire about loved ones , to avoid overwhelming emergency workers .
Lanier advised family members to call ( 202 ) 727-9099 for more information .
However , calls by ABC News to that number were met with a busy signal .
A secondary number issued by local district officials is ( 202 ) 737-4404 .
Lanier said a reunification site for family members has been set up , and residents can call 3 - 1 - 1 for more information .
According to D.C. fire chief Dennis Rubin , 76 people were taken to various hospitals , including Howard University Hospital and Washington Hospital Center .
At least 50 were walking wounded , around 14 suffered non-life - threatening injuries , and six suffered critical injuries , he said .
Dr. Johnnie Ford , a Howard University Hospital emergency room physician , told the AP that a 14 - year - old girl suffered two broken legs in the accident .
Metro general manager John Catoe said the cause of the collision was undetermined .
At an 8:30 p.m. press conference , Catoe said Metro was still in " investigation mode . "
The NTSB has dispatched a go - team to investigate the collision .
Railroad Investigator Ed Dobranetski is leading the nine - person team , which includes two specialists from the NTSB Office of Transportation Disaster Assistance , Debbie Hersman and Terry Williams .
" The NTSB is looking at operations , we 're looking at maintenance , we 're looking at the tracks , " Hersman said .
" We 'll be looking at performance of the equipment as well as survival factors . "
Passenger Jodie Wickett , a nurse , told CNN she was seated on one train , sending text messages on her phone , when she felt the impact .
She said she sent a message to someone that it felt like the train had hit a bump .
" From that point on , it happened so fast , I flew out of the seat and hit my head , " she said .
Wickett said she stayed at the scene and tried to help .
She said " people are just in very bad shape . "
" The people that were hurt , the ones that could speak , were calling back as we called out to them , " she said .
" Lots of people were upset and crying , but there were no screams . "
One man said he was riding a bicycle across a bridge over the Metro tracks when the sound of the collision got his attention .
" I did n't see any panic , " Barry Student said .
" The whole situation was so surreal . "
Past accidents on Washington 's Metro have included a January 2007 train derailment near the Mt. Vernon Square Station on the green line , in which 23 passengers were transported to local hospitals for treatment and released ; a November 2006 accident where a train struck and killed workers in Alexandria , Va. ; and a May 2006 accident where a train struck and killed a worker near the Dupont Circle Station .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Danica Patrick Hits Crew Member : Video
Danica Patrick is a talented Indycar racer , but she ’s also prone to making stupid mistakes that would keep any driver from even obtaining a driver ’s license in the first place .
Need evidence ?
Check out this video from Saturday ’s Indycar practice in Iowa .
Danica came into the pits a little bit too fast and too close to the wall and nailed one of her crewmen .
And people want to put her behind the wheel of a much heavier & less responsive NASCAR car ?
She ’d better learn how to run an entire race on one set of tires because everyone ’s going to be too afraid to run out and change them .
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Qingdao , China
The military parade to mark the 60th anniversary of China 's navy is not just a chance for the Chinese to celebrate .
It is also a reminder that China is now an important naval power - and will become more important in the future .
Its military leaders openly admit that they want to build bigger , better warships for missions far away from the country 's coastal waters .
But despite improvements in recent years , analysts say China 's navy is still not able to compete with the world 's leading powers .
" In no way is the Chinese navy on a par with the United States - or even Japan , " said Bates Gill , an expert on the Chinese military .
Sovereignty claims
There is no doubt that China has been building up its navy to cope with new threats and a changing political landscape .
China used to focus its military spending on its land forces , to counter potential problems from Russia , India and Vietnam .
As those land - based threats have receded , new areas of possible conflict have emerged at sea .
Naval submarines are on display in Qingdao 's port China has become more assertive in its aim to establish its sovereignty claims over a string of islands to its east and south .
This has led to arguments with , among others , Japan and Taiwan , a self - governing island that China says must be reunited with the mainland .
China also has to consider the US , the region 's pre-eminent naval power and Taiwan 's main source of military and diplomatic support .
" This has placed huge demands on China to focus on its maritime capabilities in a way that it has not been asked to do before , " said Mr Gill , director of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute .
China is also keen to use its navy to project its power further abroad , particularly to protect the country 's trade routes .
This is made clear in the country 's latest report on its military forces , entitled China 's National Defence and published at the end of last year .
Bigger warships
" The navy has been striving to gradually develop its capabilities of conducting co-operation in distant waters , " the report says .
China despatched a small flotilla to the Gulf of Aden in December to join an international effect to combat piracy , particularly off Somalia .
Chinese leaders openly admit they want to build bigger warships Analysts see this as evidence of China 's willingness to operate in waters far from home - and its ability to do so .
To carry out these missions China wants bigger and better warships , a point made by the navy 's commander - in - chief , Admiral Wu Shengli , last week .
China seems particularly keen to have an aircraft carrier - a warship that has symbolic power as well as practical uses .
There has been intense speculation over recent months that Beijing will soon announce its intention to develop its first aircraft carrier .
It is an issue touched upon in the US Pentagon 's annual report to Congress , published recently , about China 's military capabilities .
The report says that China has an aircraft carrier research and design programme , and is interested in buying carrier - borne aircraft from Russia .
But at the moment China does not have such a vessel , despite the great strides made by the navy over the last 10 - 15 years .
The Chinese navy managed to circumnavigate the globe only in 2002 , nearly 100 years after the US Great White Fleet completed the same task .
Andrew Yang , chairman of the Chinese Council for Advanced Policy Studies in Taiwan , said Chinese ships were mostly inferior to US ships .
He said China had just two advanced Type 051C destroyers , which are fitted with cutting - edge air defence missile systems .
Mr Yang added : " These ships are not combat proven .
We do n't know how capable the Chinese navy is , even if they have the weapons . "
But perhaps all this misses the point of this week 's naval parade .
As military analyst Dennis J Blasko makes clear in a recent article , this show of force will in itself act as a deterrent .
" The mission of the Chinese armed forces is not only to be prepared to fight wars , but also to deter or prevent their outbreak , " he wrote .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This time there were so many reader requests dear to my heart .
Londenio asked :
Suppose you fall into a coma .
You wake up in 15 years , with your memory
and cognitive abilities intact .
You hug your loved ones , you brush your
teeth and then … what would be the first thing you would like to know
about the world ?
Am I allowed three questions ?
They would be the level of stock prices ( inflation - adjusted ) , whether there are new countries or old countries have disappeared , and whether nuclear weapons have been used .
And what about 300 years later , from having your head frozen ?
I would simply ask : " What are the three most important questions I should be asking ? "
What do you all think ?
Sadly , there 's no such thing as an ultimate buy signal when it comes to investing in stocks .
Identifying companies with the wind at their backs takes time , patience , and a good dose of due diligence .
There is , however , an easy way to increase your odds of finding the stocks that will beat the market .
At Motley Fool CAPS , the Fool 's investing community of more than 130,000 members , we 've found that four - and five - star stocks , as a group , have outperformed the broader market -- to the tune of seven and 12 percentage points , respectively -- on an annualized basis from November 2006 to July 2008 .
To fully capture the upside potential of those highly rated stocks , it makes sense to identify them just as soon as they are upgraded to four - and five - star status .
Fortunately , our CAPS screener now makes it possible to do this .
Below , for example , is a list of companies that have been upgraded to four - star status from three stars just yesterday .
These stock ideas are only a starting point , of course .
Be sure to join us on CAPS to dig in even further .
Company All - Stars Saying Outperform iShares MSCI Austria Index Fund ( ETF ) ( NYSE : EWO ) 153 of 159 WellCare Health Plans , Inc. ( NYSE : WCG ) 472 of 506 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group , Inc. ( ADR ) ( NYSE : MTU ) 170 of 191 Comverge , Inc. ( OTC BB : COMV ) 158 of 172 Brooks Automation , Inc. ( USA ) ( NASDAQ : BRKS ) 99 of 108 ING Groep N.V. ( ADR ) ( NYSE : ING ) 856 of 912
Data from Motley Fool CAPS , March 23 , 2009 .
Come join us on CAPS , absolutely free , to learn more about these and countless other interesting stock ideas .
President Obama and CIA Director Leon Panetta have been at pains to say they do n't want to punish intelligence officials and agents who had a role in " enhanced interrogation " after 9/11 .
But tell that to Philip Mudd , who withdrew his nomination late Friday to be the intelligence chief at the Homeland Security Department under pressure from Democrats in Congress .
Mr. Mudd is a well - regarded career intelligence officer who has worked in senior positions at the FBI and CIA , including deputy director of the National Counterterrorism Center .
Mr. Obama nominated him on May 4 amid fulsome praise from Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
But in a statement issued by the White House on the eve of a late spring weekend , Mr. Mudd said he was withdrawing so as not to become " a distraction to the president and his vital agenda . "
The truth is that he risked being a distraction to Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democrats , who suddenly do n't want to talk about what they knew about the interrogation techniques they once endorsed and long funded but now denounce .
So Ms. Pelosi does n't have to answer any questions about her changing claims about her CIA briefings , but a foot soldier like Mr. Mudd who did what his country asked him to do to keep the country safe is blackballed .
The White House said Mr. Obama accepted Mr. Mudd's withdrawal " with sadness and regret , " but it 's clear the President was n't willing to fight for him .
The message that will be heard loud and clear across the intelligence services is that you better not take any risks to keep America safe , because if you get into political trouble Mr. Obama will throw you over the side , albeit with " regret . "
Please add your comments to the Opinion Journal Forum .
WHAT GOES AROUND , COMES AROUND !
I hope you will avoid interfering in Iran 's affairs
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's message to the US
' I voted for Ahmadinejad More than 180 Iranian MPs appear to have snubbed an invitation to celebrate President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's election win , local press reports say .
All 290 MPs were invited to the victory party on Wednesday night , but only 105 turned up , the reports say .
A BBC correspondent says the move is a sign of the deep split at the top of Iran after disputed presidential polls .
Meanwhile , Mr Ahmadinejad has told the US not to interfere in Iranian politics , the Fars news agency reports .
" I hope you [ US President Barack Obama ] will avoid interfering in Iran 's affairs and express regret in a way that the Iranian people are informed of it , " he was quoted as saying .
President Obama on Tuesday said he strongly condemned the " unjust " violence used on protesters .
ANALYSIS Jon Leyne
BBC News
There are signs the government is beginning to regain control .
Wednesday appears to have had the least protests of any day since the result was announced .
But any idea that the opposition is about to go gently is probably an illusion .
This is an argument within Iran about the future of the country .
The two sides have deeply differing views on how Iran should be run , and its place in the world .
And neither is about to give ground .
Iran poll row set to rage on Separately , key protest leader Mir Hossein Mousavi said on his website that he was facing " recent pressures " to withdraw his election challenge .
" Access to people is completely restricted " , the Associated Press news agency quoted him as saying .
Earlier , his website said 70 university professors were arrested immediately after meeting Mr Mousavi on Wednesday , and it was not clear where they had been taken .
Hundreds of opposition protesters and activists are believed to have been taken into custody and at least 17 people have died in the unrest that followed the 12 June election .
Severe reporting restrictions imposed on foreign media in Iran mean the BBC cannot verify the reports .
The Washington Times on Thursday said one of its freelance reporters , Iason Athanasiadis , a Greek citizen , was arrested at the airport as he tried to leave the country at the end of last week .
Heavy security About 50 MPs in the Iranian parliament are reformist and would not have been expected to attend Mr Ahmadinejad 's party .
One of those who reportedly did not attend is Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani , a high - profile figure who shares some of Mr Ahmadinejad 's hardline views but has been critical of some aspects of the government 's handling of the protests .
The high number of other MPs who stayed away is another indication that the disputed election has split the nation , says the BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Tehran .
An earlier BBC report wrongly said that 105 MPs did not turn up .
It should have said that only 105 attended .
IRAN UNREST 12 June Presidential election saw incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad re-elected with 63 % of vote Main challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi called for result to be annulled on grounds of electoral fraud Street protests saw at least 17 people killed and foreign media restricted
Q&A : Election aftermath How Iran is ruled
Who 's who in Iran Iran : Send your questions
The opposition has vowed to continue with its legal challenges over the election result , which saw Mr Ahamadinejad declared an easy winner .
Mr Mousavi , his nearest rival , alleges the election was rigged and wants a re-run .
But time and options are running out for the opposition , says our correspondent .
The Guardian Council , which supervises elections , is expected to follow the line laid down by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei and say the result will stand , our correspondent adds .
Ayatollah Khamenei said again on Wednesday he would " not yield " over the election result .
Hours later , riot police were reported to have clashed again with demonstrators who defied government decrees to stop the street protests .
Witnesses said they saw police beat protesters with batons , fire tear gas and shoot into the air to disperse the crowds in central Tehran .
But Wednesday 's protest was smaller than on previous days amid an increasingly heavy security presence on the streets .
Reformist election candidate Mehdi Karoubi on Thursday called off a planned ceremony to mourn those killed in the protests , saying he had been unable to get permission for it .
Diplomatic row Iran has accused foreign governments of inflaming the protests .
President Ahmadinejad said US President Obama " made a mistake " with his comments about the crackdown in Iran .
" Our question is why he fell into this trap and said things that previously [ former US President George W ] Bush used to say , " he was quoted by the semi-official Fars news agency as saying .
On Wednesday , Washington said it had rescinded invitations to Iranian diplomats to attend US 4 July celebrations held by embassies around the world .
A White House spokesman said Iranians had not replied anyway , but it was described by the BBC's Kim Ghattas in Washington as the first concrete step taken by the Obama administration in protest at the crackdown in Iran .
Also on Wednesday , Tehran said it was considering downgrading ties with Britain , after expelling two diplomats the previous day for " activities incompatible with their status " .
The UK later announced that two Iranian diplomats were being sent home in retaliation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I called Just Cause 2 the best thing I saw at E3 .
That 's a big call for a sequel to a so - so game .
So , just in case you think I 've gone mad , watch this .
Advertisement
It 's the same developer demo I sat through behind closed doors at E3 .
It runs for around 10 minutes , but it 's definitely worth watching the whole thing .
As for why I thought this was " best in show " , well ... I value innovation and originality in gaming as much as the next man , but sometimes , I just like to see things explode .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
A fortuitous orbit of the International Space Station allowed the astronauts this striking view of Sarychev Volcano ( Kuril Islands , northeast of Japan ) in an early stage of eruption on June 12 , 2009 .
Sarychev
Peak is one of the most active volcanoes in the Kuril Island chain , and it is located on the northwestern end of Matua Island .
Prior to June 12 , the last explosive eruption occurred in 1989 , with eruptions in 1986 , 1976 , 1954 , and 1946 also producing lava flows .
Ash from the multi-day eruption has been detected 2,407 kilometers east - southeast and 926 kilometers west - northwest of the volcano , and commercial airline flights are being diverted away from the region to minimize the danger of engine failures from ash intake .
This detailed astronaut photograph is exciting to volcanologists because it captures several phenomena that occur during the earliest stages of an explosive volcanic eruption .
The main column is one of a series of plumes that rose above Matua Island on June 12 .
The plume appears to be a combination of brown ash and white steam .
The vigorously rising plume gives the steam a bubble - like appearance .**
In contrast , the smooth white cloud on top may be water condensation that resulted from rapid rising and cooling of the air mass above the ash column .
This cloud , which meteorologists call a pileus cloud , is probably a transient feature : the eruption plume is starting to punch through .
The structure also indicates that little to no shearing wind was present at the time to disrupt the plume .
( Satellite images acquired 2 - 3 days after the start of activity illustrate the effect of shearing winds on the spread of the ash plumes across the Pacific Ocean . )
By contrast , a cloud of denser , gray ash — probably a pyroclastic flow — appears to be hugging the ground , descending from the volcano summit .
The rising eruption plume casts a shadow to the northwest of the island ( image top ) .
Brown ash at a lower altitude of the atmosphere spreads out above the ground at image lower left .
Low - level stratus clouds approach Matua Island from the east , wrapping around the lower slopes of the volcano .
Only about 1.5 kilometers of the coastline of Matua Island ( image lower center ) are visible beneath the clouds and ash .
** Editor ’s note : Following the publication of this photograph , the atmospheric and volcanic features it captured generated debate among meteorologists , geoscientists , and volcanologists who viewed it .
Post - publication , scientists have proposed — and disagreed about — three possible explanations for the hole in the cloud deck above the volcano .
One explanation is that the hole in the clouds has nothing to do with the eruption at all .
In places where islands are surrounded by oceans with cool surface temperatures , it is common for a sheet of clouds to form and drift with the low - level winds .
When the cloud layer encounters an island , the moist air closer to the surface is forced upward .
Because the air above the marine layer is dry , the clouds evaporate , leaving a hole in the cloud deck .
These openings , or wakes , in the clouds can extend far downwind of the island , sometimes wrapping into swirling eddies called von Karman vortices .
The other two possibilities that scientists have offered appeared in the original caption .
One is that the shockwave from the eruption shoved up the overlying atmosphere and disturbed the cloud deck , either making a hole or widening an existing opening .
The final possibility is that as the plume rises , air flows down around the sides like water flowing off the back of a surfacing dolphin .
As air sinks , it tends to warm ; clouds in the air evaporate .
Astronaut photograph ISS020 - E-9048 was acquired on June 12 , 2009 , with a Nikon D2XS digital camera fitted with a 400 mm lens , and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations experiment and Image Science & Analysis Laboratory , Johnson Space Center .
The image was taken by the Expedition 20 crew .
The image in this article has been cropped and enhanced to improve contrast .
Lens artifacts have been removed .
The International Space Station Program supports the laboratory to help astronauts take pictures of Earth that will be of the greatest value to scientists and the public , and to make those images freely available on the Internet .
Additional images taken by astronauts and cosmonauts can be viewed at the NASA / JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth .
Caption by M. Justin Wilkinson , NASA - JSC .
Developers late Tuesday evening are downloading a widely distributed beta of Apple 's new iPhone 3.0 software , installing it on their handsets , and weighing in with some first impressions and screen shots , all of which follow .
[ Updated with video . ]
The beta is available in a variety of distributions for the various multi- touch products Apple has released over the past two years , each of which weighs in around 250 MB .
The updated version of the iPhone SDK is much heftier , at around 2.5GB .
Generally speaking , developers are excited about the release and say the beta is stable enough for them to use as their primary iPhone OS for the time being , though the software is clearly ' not something Apple would ship ' at this point .
In particular , Spotlight is said to be very responsive and functions just as you would expect having used the feature previously on a Mac .
Copy & paste is also well received , but feels somewhat flaky .
Developers have experienced some difficulty making selections in Safari , which may suggest a slight learning curve like that required when exploring the iPhone 's touch keyboard for the first time .
Below are a series of screenshots highlighting some of the widely publicized features of iPhone 3.0 and some that have gone unmentioned , like encrypted iPhone backups , background messaging and Camera app tweaks .
Two apps that have reportedly seen no changes as of yet are Weather and Clock .
Copy and paste
Copy and paste works across all applications .
We 've detailed the process for text , web content , and photos in a series of annotated screenshots here .
Below are some additional examples , including copy and paste of MMS messages .
There 's also an interface in Safari for copying URLs .
Messages
One cool feature of Apple 's new MMS " Messages " app is the ability to send messages in the background , which lets you type out your second message while you 're waiting for the first to send .
It 's quite helpful when sending very large media messages :
Voice Memo interface
Apple 's new Voice Memo application lets you record voice memos for yourself , which can then be trimmed and sent to friends , family , or coworkers via email of MMS .
Spotlight and Mail search
Spotlight search is accessible by flicking the iPhone 's home screen to the right ( as if there was a home screen to the left ) .
In addition to serving as a global search app , it can also act as a quick application launcher .
Mail , Notes , iPod and Calendar also have their own integrated search interface ( seen in the shots below , which are flanking the new home screen ) .
If the mail search does n't turn up any results from messages stored on your iPhone , it will move on to search messages still located on your mail server .
Key apps getting landscape mode
Among the apps gaining true landscape mode with a landscape keyboard are Mail , Stocks , Notes , and Messages :
Camera and Photos
A new version of Apple 's Camera app shows you the last photo you snapped in the lower left - hand corner of the application .
Meanwhile , the new Photo album app allows you to copy , delete , or share multiple photos via email .
YouTube and Settings panel
A new version of the YouTube app due in iPhone 3.0 will let you log into your account and see subscriptions , playlists , and history .
Below is also a photo of the iPhone 's general preference pane thrown in for good measure .
There are reportedly few changes in the settings .
Parental controls & contact sharing
Below are some of the new parental controls and the dialog that allows sharing of contact cards ( vCard standard ) over MMS .
New screenshot interface
The version of the App Store application included with the iPhone 3.0 beta includes a slightly revised and quirky interface for viewing screenshots :
Encrypt iPhone backups and Note syncing
Below are two screenshots from the current version of iTunes showing options to encrypt iPhone backups and sync notes to handsets running iPhone OS 3.0 .
Video walkthrough
A lot of you asked for the ability to download games .
We have listened and created the reseller download system .
From today all resellers will be able to sell downloadable copies of LGP games , and these will be cheaper than boxed copies .
LGP is not selling downloadable versions directly , as to do so would seriously damage the ability of the reseller chain to compete meaningfully .
When buying a downloadable game you are guaranteed the following :
All LGP games will be re-downloadable from LGP itself for as long as we are in business
All full downloadable games , while keylocked , will always work , even if LGP shuts down
In the unlikely event of LGP going out of business , all downloaded games will be placed onto the bittorrent network ( in a keylocked state obviously ) so that they will remain in circulation for as long as people demand them .
Rental Option
We have also listened to those who wanted ridiculously low prices on their games .
We have created the LGP Rental system .
Any downloadable game is now available for rental .
This means you can pay just a fraction of the price , and have the game for a week , or for a month .
The rental games DO require internet access to start up , but apart from that are exactly the same as the full game .
I know some of you will dislike this , but really , it is rental , we have to have stronger security on it .
The downloadable purchased game does NOT require internet access to start the game .
Right now , the only games we have that are available for download or rental are the three newest games that have the LGP Key System , X3 , Jets ’n ' Guns , and Sacred .
Other games will follow as we get time to add them into the system .
I hope that this will be what you all wanted , and will give everyone , even those that want their games for next to nothing , the ability to play LGP games .
If you can think of other things we can do with downloads , please do comment here and let us know .
I wont promise that LGP will do everything that people ask , but I can say , and I think we have now proved this , we DO listen {:-)
Tags :
Add new tag , download , Jets 'n ' Guns , rental , sacred , x3
The Raw Story reports that a military attorney who represented a suspected member of Al Qaeda ( who was later freed ) says her client received genital torture in a Moroccan CIA prison .
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Yvonne Bradley , the lawyer for Binyam Mohamed , said " They started this monthly treatment where they would come in with a scalpel or a razor type of instrument and they would slash his genitals , just with small cuts . "
Bradley told CNN that when she was first assigned to represent Mohamed , she did not question he was a hardened terrorist , because " my government was saying these were the worst of the worst . "
However , she now says , " There 's no reliable evidence that Mr. Mohamed was going to do anything to the United States . "
Military attorney : Waterboarding is " tip of the iceberg "
What would you give to have Kurt Cobain back ?
Or Jim Morrison ?
For every performer who goes down before their time , it 's hard not to imagine a whole library of work that got stolen from us .
If only they had lived , damn it !
So let 's take a pleasant moment to imagine what might have been for these great performers in an alternate reality where they lived on .
Wait , what 's this ?
NOOOOOOO !!!!!
Check out some other candidates whose careers benefited from death far more than their health in 6 Musicians Who Predicted Their Own Death in Song .
And if you 've got Photoshop skills like Sanchez , win $ 50 and internet fame by showing us some Great Historical Moments ( Ruined By Modern Technology ) .
And check out our Top Picks because there 's boobs in there .
In his presidential campaign , Barack Obama pledged that he will pursue direct negotiations with Iran .
Since assuming office , he has set out to fulfil that promise by taking confidence - building measures .
President Obama sent a video message to the Iranian people and the leaders of the Islamic Republic on the eve of Newroz .
The Obama administration also invited Tehran to take part in the recent Afghanistan Conference in The Hague .
No doubt , international conflicts should be resolved peacefully and through negotiations rather than through the use of force .
In that sense , the Obama administration 's outreach to Iran appears to be sensible .
In addition , there is strong support for such an approach in the international community .
However , engaging Iran will turn out to be an outdrawn process with no positive outcomes for either the U.S. or the international community .
Such a process will only serve the interests of the theocracy in Tehran .
This is a warranted prediction given previous attempts by the U.S. to engage Tehran .
The first Bush administration attempted to reach out to the " pragmatic " Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani .
The Clinton administration pursued a policy of rapprochement with Tehran when Mohammad Khatami , the " reformist , " was president .
None of those efforts bored fruit .
Even during the second term of the previous administration , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice tried , on a number of occasions , to reach out to Tehran - but with no result .
Ultimately , however , one needs to rely on an adequate understanding of the tactical moves and strategic objectives of the Islamic Republic to realize that engaging Tehran will prove futile .
Few people seriously doubt that Iran 's true intention with its nuclear program is the development of nuclear weapons .
But many analysts and officials in Europe and the U.S. assume that Iran seeks nuclear weapons for defensive purposes only .
U.S. military presence in the Gulf , the previous administration 's labelling of Iran as part of an Axis of Evil and its doctrine of pre-emption , among others , are sited as reasons for Iran 's pursuit of nuclear weapons as a strategic deterrent .
Furthermore , Tehran 's support for radical Islamic groups in the Middle East and its policy of hindering peace between the Palestinians and Israel are seen as mere tactical means to compensate for its lack of " strategic depth " .
Such an assessment of Iran 's tactical and strategic policies overlooks the fact that the theocracy has had , every since its foundation , pursued ideologically expansionist and militarily offensive goals .
Beside the fact that Tehran had developed a secret nuclear program for 18 years when it was revealed in 2002 - that is , long before growing U.S. military presence in the Gulf and the Bush administration 's doctrine of pre-emption - its reliance on terrorist proxies dates back to the beginning of the 1980's .
Since then , Tehran has expanded its network of terrorist proxies - most recently to Iraq .
Iran has also consistently attempted to undermine various regimes in the Middle East , even those that are Islamic , with the aim to replace them with theocracies in its own image .
Whereas most of the Arab countries have pursued better relations with Israel , Tehran has portrayed itself as the champion of the Palestinian cause with the twin aim of turning public opinion in the Arab countries against their governments and to hinder a peaceful resolution of the Palestinian issue .
If one takes into account the ideological pronouncements of the theocracy in Tehran and their correlation with its actions during the past three decades in the Middle East and beyond , one will reach the conclusion that its strategic objective is none but ideological expansion and regional dominance .
As far as the nuclear issue is concerned , Iran has made continues progress in enriching uranium .
The fact that the theocracy , in spite of three rounds of international sanctions , is bent on continuing the enrichment process is testament of its determination to acquire nuclear weapons .
Its rejection of generous incentives by P5+1 is yet another indication of that .
Nor is there any reason to believe that Tehran will end its support for radical Islamic groups in Lebanon , Palestine and Iraq , or reverse its policy of hindering peace between the Palestinians and Israel .
In addition , in response to President Obama 's call for direct talks , Tehran has demanded that the U.S. " changes its behavior " .
Iran demands that the U.S. withdraws its forces from the Middle East , ends its alliance with Israel and gives Tehran free leeway in developing its nuclear program .
Not surprisingly , the Iranian representative at the conference in The Hague attributed the problems in Afghanistan to the presence of U.S. forces in that country .
In fact , Iran has been emboldened by what it sees a strategic failure by the U.S. in Iraq .
The same goes for Israel 's wars with Hezbollah and Hamas during the past years .
Furthermore , President Obama 's announcement to withdraw U.S. forces from Iraq has boosted Iran 's perception of itself as the " victor " and the U.S. as the " loser " in the Middle East .
Iranian officials ' frequent visits to Iraq in the last couple of months indicate Tehran 's overt efforts to prepare for filling the vacuum that will emerge following the departure of U.S. forces .
Consequently , the timing now for engaging Iran is the worst possible .
An emboldened Iran perceives the Obama administration 's offer of direct negotiations as a sign of weakness and will only use them to buy time for its nuclear weapons program .
When the U.S. and the rest of the international community come to realize this , it will be too late .
Introduction
In most written media , time progresses as you move down a page : mainstream computing languages are no different .
Anonymous Closures are a language mechanism that , effectively , lets programmers create new control structures .
Although people associate this power with exotic dynamic languages such as FORTH , Scheme and TCL , closures are becoming a feature of mainstream languages such as Javascript and PHP ( and even static languages such as C# . )
Although this article talks about issues that you ’ll encounter in languages such as C# and Scheme , I ’m going to focus on Javascript written on top of the popular JQuery library : I do that because JQuery is a great toolkit that lets programmers and designers of all skill levels do a lot by writing very little code .
Because JQuery smooths away low - level details , it lets us clearly illustrate little weirdnesses of its programming model .
Although things often work “ just right ” on the small scale , little strange things snowball in larger programs — a careful look atthe little problems is a key step towards the avoidance and mitigation of problems in big RIA projects .
Time In Programming Languages
Absent control structures , execution proceeds from top to bottom in a computer program , consider :
01 document.write (' Hello' ) ; 02 document.write (' ') ; 03 document.write ( ' World !' ) ;
Today ’s languages are based on structured programming , which encourages to use a limited number of control structures , such as conditional expressions
04 if ( happy=true ) { 05 document.write (' Hello ' ) ; 06 } else { 07 document.write (' Goodbye Cruel ' ) ; 08 } 09 10 document.write (' ') ; 11 document.write ( ' World !' ) ;
and loops
12 var sum=0 ; 13 for ( i=0;i< x.length ;i++ ) { 14 sum += x[ i ] ; 15 }
With GOTO expunged from the programming canon , execution proceeds from top to down , except for a limited number of control structures that let us return to the beginning or jump to the end of a block .
It ’s a simple and intuitive model that we do n’t often think about , but it ’s easy to write code that breaks this model when programming with closures .
Emulating Foreach ( ) in Javascript with Closures
Popular languages such as PHP and C# have a foreach ( ) statement that loops over the elements of a collection without the need to keep track of a counter variable .
Popular Javascript frameworks such as JQuery and Dojo implement foreach functions ; with the magic of closures , we can get an effect similar to a built - in foreach construct .
For instance , in JQuery , we can write
16 var sum=0 ; 17 $ .each ( x , function ( i, val ) { 18 sum += arg ; 19 } ) ;
In this case , the second argument of the $ .each ( JQuery.each ) function is a anonymous function .
The special property it has , as a closure , is that the anonymous function has access to variables in the enclosing scope , namely sum .
This allows the code in 16 - 19 to look and work a lot like the code in 12 - 15 , despite the fact that line 18 is in a different function than line 16 .
As an aside , this kind of higher - order function is often simple to implement ; although the real $ .each ( ) function is capable of iterating over a wide variety of types ( thus more complex ) , a function that can iterate over arrays is as simple as
20 function foreachArrayElement ( arr , loopBody ) { 21 for ( i=0;i< x.length ;i++ ) { 22 loopBody ( i , x[ i ] ) 23 } 24 }
Breaking The Conventions of Time
Although you ’ve got other choices , closures are a popular and concise way to write callbacks for aysnchronous communication .
Suppose that we want to GET a packet of JSON data from a server and update a user inteface .
In JQuery we could write :
25 $.get ( " JsonService " , {} , function ( data , textStatus ) { 26 var obj=JSON.parse( data ) ; 27 someUIElement.update( obj ) ; 28 } ) ; 29 30 ... do more stuff ...
Note that time is n’t progressing downward in this script anymore .
We got from line 25 directly to line 30 .
The code between 26 - 28 only executes when data gets back from the server .
In this case , this behavior is caused by the asynchronous nature of XMLHttpRequest , for which $.get ( ) is wrapper .
Similar behavior can be had by attaching an event handler to a DOM object , or even by adding a function reference to an object or the global scope , causing the anonymous function to execute when some other function , defined elsewhere , executes .
“ Race Conditions ” In Asynchronous Communication
Although it ’s not wrong to break the conventions of time , doing so risks the introduction of tricky and subtle errors .
Suppose we ’re building an AJAX application where we ’d like to cache an object , retrieving the object only if we do n’t have a copy in cache .
One obvious approach is to write
31 if ( cachedCopy==undefined ) { 32 $.get ( " DataService " , {} , function ( data , textStatus ) { 33 cachedCopy=data ; 34 updateUIOne( data ) ; 35 } 36 } else { 37 updateUIOne( cachedCopy ) ; 38 } 39 40 updateUITwo( ) ;
UpdateUIOne ( data ) populates the user interface with the data .
UpdateUITwo( ) makes some other change to the user interface .
Unfortunately , this code has a potential bug that ’s hidden by the conventions of time .
When data is in the cache , line 37 executes before line 40 , so that updateUIOne ( data ) is called before updateUITwo ( ) .
When data is not in the cache , line 40 executes before 33 ( communication callbacks do n’t run in Javascript until the code being run returns to the browser . )
It ’s all fine if the order in which you run updateUIOne and updateUITwo does n’t matter — and it ’s a disaster if it does …
This kind of code does one thing sometimes and does another thing other times : code of this type is difficult to test , and leads to the kind of bug that drives people to drink .
The real answer to these problems is to take a systematic approach to asynchronous communication : any strategy based on band - aids that work here or these is going will eventally break down under the weight of growing requirements .
That said , I ’ll offer a few strategies for patching this kind of problem :
If we could move updateUITwo ( ) from line 40 to before line 31 , updateUITwo ( ) and updateUIOne ( ) could be run in a consistent order .
Modifying updateUIOne ( data ) to call updateUITwo ( ) after it completes also results in a consistent order
We can schedule UpdateUIOne to run AFTER the executing code returns to the browser , by replacing line 34 with
41 setTimeout ( function ( ) { updateUIOne ( data ) },1 ) ;
Structural Instability
Let ’s consider another example where the conventions of time are treacherous : suppose we need to retrieve three chunks of data from the server
42 $.get ( " Chunk1 Server " , {} , function ( data1, textStatus1 ) { 43 UpdateUIOne( data1 ) ; 44 $.get ( " Chunk2 Server " , {} , function ( data2, textStatus2 ) { 45 UpdateUITwo( data2 ) ; 46 $.get ( " Chunk3 Server " , {} , function ( data3, textStatus3 ) { 47 UpdateUIThree(data3 ) ; 48 } ) ; 49 } ) ; 50 } ) ;
Note that this specific chunk of code executes exactly the way that it looks .
Although there are some gaps , execution proceeds progressively from line 42 to 47 .
The “ nested closure ” idiom is common in Javascript code , probably because it looks a lot the synchronous code that does the same job , but it ’s treacherous : a tiny change in the code can break the conventions of time , causing strange things to happen .
This property is called structural instability .
For example , the above code might return directly to the browser , eliminating the possibility of the “ race conditions ” seen in the last section .
If we add the following line :
51 UpdateUIFour ( ) ;
we ’ll find that UpdateUIFour ( ) runs ~ before ~ the other other functions .
This is n’t bad behavior if we expect it , but could have spooky effects if we do n’t .
This example is trivial , but similar mistakes can be made in any of the closures , resulting in errors that can be quite baffling .
The structural instability of nested closures pushes complex AJAX applications towards other styles of coding , such as a state - machine organization .
Order Of Arguments
This is small compared to the other issues , but the order of arguments of callback functions can add to the the confusions around the time :
The $. get ( ) function provides a good example , since it support four parameters :
51 $.get ( url , parameters , callback , type ) ;
all of the parameters , except for the url , are optional .
It ’s generally good to put less used optional parameters towards the right , but placing the type declaration after the callback disturbs the flow of time and hurts readability .
If you choose to have the return data parsed as JSON format ,
52 $.get( targetUrl , {} , function ( data, textStatus ) { 53 ... handler code ... 54 } , " json " ) ;
you ’ll see that the type specification occurs after the callback .
This , by itself , adds a small amount of confusion , but when you ’ve got multiple nested closures or if you were computing the values defined after the callback , code becomes immediately difficult to understand .
Event Handlers And “ COMEFROM ”
In 1973 R. Lawrence Clark kiddingly introduced a COMEFROM statement in response to Edgser Dijkstra ’s famous “ GO TO Considered Harmful ” , from the associated Wikipedia Article , I take an example of a program in a hypothetical BASIC dialect that uses COMEFROM :
55 COMEFROM 58 56 INPUT " WHAT IS YOUR NAME ? " ; A$ 57 PRINT " HELLO , " ; A$ 58 REM
COMEFROM is a bit disturbing because it involves an “ action at a distance : ” line 55 modifies the behavior of line 58 .
A person looking a line 58 in isolation would have a hard time understanding what happens in the program when execution reaches line 58 .
The use of event handlers , both built in and custom , has an effect similar to COMEFROM .
Consder the common example
59 $ ( " #activeButton " ) .click ( function ( ) { 60 ... handle button click ...
61 }
Once more , the code at line 60 will execute after the code that follows line 61 .
Line 59 modifies the behavior of a built - in UI element , which might be defined like
62 < input type=" button " id =" activeButton " value= " Button X " >
Looking at line 62 alone , it ’s impossible to tell what what happens when you click on the button ; an “ onClick ” handler in line 62 would be more immediately obvious in function .
That said , events are a proven model for GUI programming that introduces a useful decoupling between the parts of a system — a looser coupling that lets us build bigger systems .
In the context of JQuery , it ’s great to be able to write something like
63 < div class= " SpecialArea " >... content ...</div>
Javascript code can then use the $ ( ) function to attach styles , event handlers and to manipulate DOM elements inside the .
SpecialArea to give the area specific behaviors and appearance .
This lets a developer provide a powerful but easy - to - use abstraction to a designer : adding a single class specification lets us reuse tens of CSS specifications and several event handlers .
This is a big win , but we ca n’t forget the hidden COMEFROM that ’s implied .
Events are dynamically added and removed , even in static languages such as Java and C# .
Although this dynamism adds flexibility , it comes at a cost .
IDEs such as Eclipse and Visual Studio can do a great job of helping programmers understand static method calls : for instance , you can click on the name of a method and see a list of places where this method is called .
Because events are n’t amenable to static analysis , inappropriate use ( or even appropriate use ) of events impair some of the tools we have for understanding programs .
Events are a great tool , but programmers need to understand the weirdness that underlies them .
Used deliberately , events can provide a concise and scalable way to move information and direct control in an application .
Poorly used events can cause software to degenerate to “ spaghetti code ” .
Conclusion
Closures are a powerful and concise way to express your intentions to a computer : however , closures break some of the intuitive assumptions that people use to understand software — specifically , the idea that time moves downward through the execution of a procedure .
This leads to a kind of structural instability , where software that ’s perfectly simple and clear at a simple level can suddenly get much harder to understand when several complications converge .
This article uses JQuery - Javascript as an example not because JQuery is bad , but because it ’s good : it ’s a tool that helps beginning ( and advanced ) programmers accomplish a lot with little code .
Yet , as we build increasingly complex applications , we need a clear understand of the big and little weirdnesses of RIA programming .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Around the corner from our office are a couple of antique stores that sell what I can only describe as the world ’s worst kitsch .
A specialty is giant garden statuary of prepubescent children doing idyllic things that no kid has done since 1897 , like playing leap - frog or fishin ’ with a branch .
I figured the stores , which are always packed to the rafters , were some kind of money - laundering front .
Now I know better .
They were supplying Michael Jackson .
If you have a few minutes , go check out the auction catalogs for Jackson ’s Neverland Ranch .
The King of Pop , in desperate need of cash , is selling off 2,000 of his possessions .
What ’s up for sale is an awesomely horrible glimpse into the world of the man-child who blew his money on jaw droppingly bizarro figurines like this , which even Abe Lincoln seems disturbed by .
More examples after the jump .
Chairman Mao meets the Pied Piper
Huh ?
The Franklin Mint presents the Michael Jackson Messiah Collection
Bet your grandparents ’ porcelain collection did n’t have anything as creepy as this .
If you listen closely , the fawn is playing “ Hotel California . ”
Web hosting service is a type of internet hosting service that allows individuals and organizations to make website accessible via World Wide Web .
The hosting companies provide a particular space on the server provided by the web hosting company .
CPWebHosting has announced some new marketing tools for the users .
These tools include :
Online Marketing Google Webmaster Tools $ 100 credit for Google Adwords $ 25 Credit for yahoo / bing sponsored search $ 50 credit for Facebook advertising Directory Listings Social Bookmarking Full SEO Support
Let ’s take a look on the tools :
Online Marketing : Online marketing or internet marketing is a relatively new , but rapidly expanding and fundamentally important aspect of strategic implementation .
Indeed in many organizations , it may be regarded as a functional aspect of marketing strategy and certainly of the business model .
Here , at CPWebHosting we consider online marketing very different from ordinary business marketing and bring six categories of organic benefit : costs are reduced , capability is increased , communications are refined , control is enhanced , customer service is improved and competitive advantage may be achieved depending on the competitor ’s reaction .
Google Webmaster Tools : CPWebHosting provides the tools that will help users to :
Submit and check a sitemap
Check and set the crawl rate , and view statistics about how Googlebot accesses a particular site
Generate and check a robots .
txt file .
It also helps to discover pages that are blocked in robots .
txt by chance .
List internal and external pages that link to the site
See what keyword searches on Google led to the site being listed in the SERPs , and the click through rates of such listings
View statistics about how Google indexes the site , and if it found any errors while doing it
Set a preferred domain which determines how the site URL is displayed in SERPs
Google Adwords :
Get excellent exposure on Google Search with Google Adwords .
See results and gain new customers in minutes !
See your ad appear next to the top search results
Targeted listings reach out to people with similar queries
Your desired target cost - per - click can be as low as five cents
Sponsored Search : CPWebHosting helps user to target new customers with Yahoo / Bing 's search marketing program .
With the sponsored search you will get exposure and reach people who are searching specifically for your type of business on Yahoo / Bing .
Facebook advertising : Facebook is one of the most popular websites on the Internet .
With CPWebHosting you can increase customer loyalty through a Facebook fan page .
Directory Listings : CPWebHosting provides listing your website in different directory submission sites providing benefits :
Improve link popularity
Direct Advertising Exposure
Online web directories attract a lot of visitors each day
CPWebHosting submit your website in the top directories , your website will get the required exposure online and visibility online .
submit your website in the top directories , your website will get the required exposure online and visibility online .
When you submit your website to directories , they will get indexed in the search engines .
SEO Support : CPWebHosting provides benefits in the following way :
Long - Term Standings Beat Your Competition 24 hour marketing team available Cost effective marketing
Increase Visibility
According to Saudi Arabia ’s Oil Minister Ali Naimi , renewable energy sources are not fully equipped to meet the world ’s energy demands and that governments should avoid making huge investments in developing clean energy systems .
[ social_buttons ]
At a conference in Houston , Mr. Naimi argued that recent injection of billions of dollars by governments to develop renewable energy systems could lead to the collapse of the oil industry .
He said that such steps would drive away investors which would hurt the oil producing nations as demand and prices of oil products has been falling sharply .
His remarks were clearly aimed at the Obama administration which is reversing President Bush ’s policies by openly encouraging massive investments in the renewable energy sector .
United States has been a ‘ close friend ’ and seeing President Obama acting on his promise of energy independence seemed to have alarmed the Saudis .
Bills approving of oil exploration along the US coasts , massive subsidies for renewable energy projects and Obama administration ’s intent to reduce carbon emissions means a medium to long - term decline in oil imports and which have left the Saudis ( and OPEC ) concerned .
Addressing concerns about the rapid growth in renewable energy investment around the world , the minister said :
“ We must be mindful that efforts to rapidly promote alternatives could have a ‘ chilling effect ’ on investment in the oil sector .
A nightmare scenario would be created if alternative energy supplies fail to meet overly optimistic expectations , while traditional energy suppliers scale back investment . ”
In a sense , he is right in defending his country ’s interests but the conditions that prevail in today ’s world are not in favor of the oil sector .
According to the International Energy Agency oil supply would peak in 2020 , governments around the world are planning to invest billions to build low carbon economies and energy security & energy independence find greater consideration in national policies of governments that ever before .
The time is right to invest in renewable energy systems .
The world is facing a plethora of complex problems like climate change and economic recessions , the solution to these problems find common ground in building low carbon green economies which create jobs by promoting energy independence .
The world leaders must see the opportunity and necessity to act to reduce carbon emissions .
Transition from imported fossil fuels to jobs creating renewable energy projects could lead the world to the path of economic resurgence and meeting emission reduction goals under the new climate treaty .
Image : jenlund70 ( Creative Commons ) .
M.A.C Cosmetics have announced that Dita Von Teese ( picture right ) , Debbie Harry , Eve , and Lisa Marie Presley will be Viva Glam ’s spokeswomen for this years version Viva Glam lipstick .
The promotion which is it it ’s sixth year ( launched back in 1994 ) benefits the M.A.C AIDS Fund .
These four women follow in the footsteps of many icons of the entertainment industry – Elton John , Mary J. Blige , Christina Aguilera , Missy Elliott , Linda Evangelista , Chloe Sevigny , Boy George and Pamela Anderson , to name just a few .
“ We want to rattle some cages .
We want to grab people ’s attention and not let them turn away .
And most importantly , we want to reach even more people , ” John Demsey , group president of the Estee Lauder Cos. and M.A.C Cosmetics ’ and M.A.C AIDS Fund chairman said in a statement .
“ Our Viva Glam VI spokespeople cut through the clutter .
They are all incredibly talented and have strong and distinct points of view and unique perspectives of view on this crisis . ”
No word on what colour the Viva Glam Six lipstick and lipglass will be , but seeing as they tend to follow the latest beauty trends .
My guess would be something peachy pink or red .
We ’ll find out soon enough at a press conference on September 6 .
