The Chinese government has issued a white paper laying out current , and future , internet policy - and you might not recognise its view of internet use in that country .
There is little talk of the Great Firewall and much of social responsibility and the benefits internet access can bring to citizens , and to government .
Although the paper explicitly guarantees freedom of speech online , it is freedom with limits .
The paper claims : " Chinese citizens fully enjoy freedom of speech on the Internet .
The Constitution of the People 's Republic of China confers on Chinese citizens the right to free speech .
With their right to freedom of speech on the Internet protected by the law , they can voice their opinions in various ways on the Internet .
" Vigorous online ideas exchange is a major characteristic of China 's Internet development , and the huge quantity of BBS posts and blog articles is far beyond that of any other country . "
But the limits to this freedom would cover almost everything .
The paper warns : " Citizens are not allowed to infringe upon state , social and collective interests or the legitimate freedom and rights of other citizens .
No organization or individual may utilize telecommunication networks to engage in activities that jeopardize state security , the public interest or the legitimate rights and interests of other people . "
And that 's not all .
There are separate laws against disseminating vulgar or pornographic material , anything that may subvert state power , undermine national unity , infringe upon national honour , advocating heresy and spreading information that infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests of others .
Gambling , propagating heretical or superstitious ideas , spreading rumours and disrupting social order are also banned .
China has over a million bulletin boards and 220 million bloggers - over 80 per cent of websites offer some kind of bulletin board or reader comment system .
Every day some three million messages are posted on such boards or blogs .
The Chinese government believes this online debate is far in advance of any other country .
Far from being at the forefront of using the internet for spying on its citizens the paper assures us that the People 's Republic is a protector of online privacy .
The document says : " The protection of online privacy is closely connected with people 's sense of security and confidence in the Internet .
The Chinese Government proactively promotes the improvement of relevant legislation ... in order to steadily enhance online privacy protection systems . "
The white paper notes that a third of China 's 384 million netizens are minors , and that protecting them remains a priority .
Laws to protect them include a ban on " overindulging on the Internet " and promotes the " Mothers ' Education Programme " to further protect kids .
The paper also notes that there are big regional differences .
Eastern China has 40 per cent of its population online versus just 21.5 per cent in the west of the country .
The People 's Republic claims to have spent 4.3 trillion yuan on its network between 1997 and 2009 .
This includes 8.627 million miles of fibre - optic network .
China 's 3G network covers the whole country .
Of all internet users in China - 346 million use broadband and 233 million use mobile phones to access the net .
The full paper is available from here . ®
ADDENDUM : The sun is shining brightly at the North Pole buoys today , Sunday 27 June 2010 .
See here .
Pictures from the two NOAA - deployed web cams near the North Pole are shown below .
Temperatures at both at the time these photos were taken were about 34°F .
Note that the sunny weather noted in FishoutofWater 's diary earlier this week has given way to low overcast .
A bit of melt pond water is evident in the NOAA2 graphic ; nothing unusual at this point in the melt season .
NOAA1 Webcam Picture about 8 a.m. Greenwich Mean Time 26 June 2010
NOAA2 Webcam Picture about 8 a.m. Greenwich Mean Time 26 June 2010
Arctic Sea Ice Melt Since May 2010
Here are two graphics of Navy PIPS 2.0 sea ice thickness from global warming skeptic Anthony Watts , proprietor of the WattsUpWithThat weblog showing how since May 2008 , the Navy PIPS 2.0 arctic sea ice model has shown that the Arctic Ocean sea ice is thickening .
See in particular the area north of Siberia , which is in the upper left part of the Arctic Ocean shown on the second of the two maps .
Navy PIPS 2.0 sea ice thickness , 27 May 2008
Navy PIPS 2.0 sea ice thickness , 27 May 2010
Much of the ice in the Arctic Ocean in the PIPS 2.0 model seems to be about 3 meters thick .
This would indicate that such ice would not be likely to melt during this particular melt season .
Note the red colors near shore in Siberia ; that ice is supposed to be 4 - 5 meters thick !
I thought it might be instructive to look at the sea ice concentration map to see what 's happened to all this predicted " thick ice " .
First we 'll start with the joint International Arctic Research Center ( IARC ) Japan Aeronautic Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) sea ice concentration graphic from 28 May 2010 , a day after the thickness graphic from the Navy sea ice model :
IARC - JAXA Arctic Sea Ice Concentration Map , 28 May 2010
I rotated the figure 90° for ease of comparison .
Those areas near Siberia of thick ice show up as bright white , indicating total or nearly total ice coverage .
The central Arctic Ocean shows up similarly .
Now let 's look at Friday 's map from the same source :
IARC - JAXA Arctic Sea Ice Concentration , 25 June 2010
There has been a rapid retreat of sea ice from the Bering ( between AK and Siberia ) and Davis ( between Greenland and Canada ) Straits , a reduction in sea ice concentrations generally in the Arctic Ocean , and the Hudson Bay ice is just about gone .
We do need to be careful in interpreting sea ice concentrations over the ice , in that melt ponds have in the past sometimes been misinterpreted as breaks in the ice .
However , advances in remote sensing by satellite over the past number of years have fixed this problem by changing the sea ice algorithm to account for surface ice melt .
Yesterday 's picture ( 26 June 2010 ) is shown below , with the areas of " thick ice " from the Navy PIPS 2.0 model highlighted .
It does appear that the areas outlined have held up a little better than surrounding areas , though I do n't expect this will last .
To me , of more concern is the deterioration of the ice in the central Arctic basin , where the ice was supposed to be 2 - 3 meters thick ( the green colors in the 2010 graphic from Navy PIPS ) .
There unfortunately is n't a plan view map of the sea ice thickness available from the PIOMAS sea ice model , sea ice volume time series from which is reproduced below ( also see diary from FishOutOfWater a couple of days sgo ) .
So we do n't know where the areal discrepancies from the Navy model exist in PIOMAS .
That would be interesting to find out .
One thing certain , however , is that there clearly is n't an increase in sea ice volume showing up in PIOMAS from May 2008 to May 2010 .
What To Watch for This Summer
Finally , I annotated another arctic sea ice concentration map from " Cryosphere Today " , the excellent University of Illinois Urbana - Champaign web site on all things icy .
Shown are the areas and processes to watch for the next few weeks and into summer .
Univ of Illinois Urbana - Champaign 26 June 2010 Arctic Sea Ice Concentration Annotated with Areas to Watch This Summer
I do n't believe we can declare with any certainty that there 'll be a record minimum this summer in arctic sea ice extent .
There is still too much uncertainty as to what kind of wind , cloud , and temperature anomalies there 'll be this summer over the arctic .
However , we are as of yesterday at the lowest arctic sea ice extent ( and I believe volume as well , given how rapidly the ice is retreating and how warm it was in the arctic last winter , which reduces how thick existing ice will get ) of all the years from 2002 through the present .
Stay tuned .
Your complimentary articles
You ’ve read one of your four complimentary articles for this month .
You can read four articles free per month .
To have complete access to the thousands of philosophy articles on this site , please SUBSCRIBE NOW
Books
The Meaning of Life by Terry Eagleton
Ernest Dempsey finds out the meaning of life from Terry Eagleton .
Taking up a topic as philosophically huge as ‘ the meaning of life ’ is a daring task , not only because the question may sound rather pretentious in an age of techno - commercial preoccupation , but also because of the vastness and vagueness of the concepts of both ‘ meaning ’ and ‘ life ’ .
The vagueness makes it hard to know where to start , and the vastness clouds one ’s certainty how and where to wrap it up .
And yet , not inquiring into the meaning of life at all would feel like an intellectual swindle , with the associated burden of some nameless guilt – much like in Kafka ’s The Trial .
Taking the question up as a serious philosophical inquiry , one of the world ’s leading contemporary academic critics , Terry Eagleton of the University of Lancaster , attempts to ‘ pressure ’ conventional wisdom on the topic .
Eagleton begins rather carefully ( and , for the anxious reader , caringly ) by pointing to the general public conception that the meaning - of - life question is entertained either by the crazed or the comic ( he wittily hopes he ’s reckoned among the former , not the latter ) .
Then , instead of going for any off - the - peg answers , the author chooses to scrutinize the presumed clarity of the very question .
Can ‘ What is the meaning of life ? ’ be a genuine question ; and how could it be misleading ?
Thus the discussion is channelled ineluctably into talking about the linguistic meanings of the concepts in ( the ) question .
At the same time , Eagleton keeps a watch on the fathomless historical background to the concepts ‘ meaning ’ and ‘ life ’ and their combined signification .
And one need not frown when he confines his discussion of meaning and life to the human version : the three main spheres of meaning – religion , culture and sexuality – are , after all , human .
For most of the book , Eagleton ’s concern is ‘ meaning ’ rather than ‘ life ’ .
For him , meaning is the primary concept , since life is made sense of by its meaning , at least theoretically .
Within this endeavour , the author does confront the question of the multiplicity of meanings , both on an individual level and on the level of different systems of meaning .
The Meaning of Life divides the concept of meaning into three main schools of thought : premodern , modernist , and postmodernist .
Each of these schools have evolved a generalized system of meaning that ’s a sum of the combined influences of science , culture , semiotics and individual thought .
This is where the topic nearly slips out of Eagleton ’s grip .
The comparative validity of any one system of meaning over the rest is hard to endorse confidently , and thus meanings become elusive .
Accordingly , E agleton ’s own position does not come to rest at any one ideological platform , but moves from classical Aristotelian virtue as the baseline of a meaningful life , through Schopenhauer ’s Will , Nietzsche ’s will - to - power and Freudian and Marxist systems of acquiring life ’s essence , to the modern era of fundamentalism and nihilism .
Alongside the philosophical approaches Eagleton quotes literary masterpieces – led by the plays of Shakespeare and Beckett – which portray the human situation and create meanings , or which reshuffle existing ones .
Eagleton ’s treatment of the philosophical and literary treasures of humanity implies that attempts to get a single answer or hard - headed position on the question of life ’s meaning are doomed : thus the elusiveness of meaning is itself the best possible answer to the question .
Yet here we stumble upon another hurdle – escapism .
Is n’t ‘ elusiveness ’ just another term for avoiding the question ?
Eagleton considers the question of the meaning of life to be an ethical one : but it ’s doubly hard to find the core values of life and struggle toward living them out without singling out any ideology from which to make ethical judgements .
Ethics aim at bringing integration and harmony to human life , not vagueness , and so measuring one ’s life against some kinds of ethical standards or values is central to the pursuit of life ’s meaning .
In this sense the question can not be prevaricated .
And ultimately , the author considers two core values as the defining features of a meaningful life : love and happiness .
Readers are of course free to come up with their own values by which to measure their life ’s meaningfulness ( or meaninglessness ) .
Yet the most precious advice that we get from The Meaning of Life is that using values , even the most positive values , as means to an end , is a dangerous road to travel if you really are setting out for the meaning of life .
Rather , attaining meaningfulness requires that positive values be ends in themselves , not the road to some hidden destination .
Practicing good values is the ultimate treasure , and no meaning surpasses it .
The Meaning of Life is an important work for all readers of serious issues , in that it invites discussion on one of the most difficult questions which concern everyone .
At the end of the book Professor Eagleton reminds his readers that his discussion is not supposed to provide a final answer to the mega- question of life , nor does he expect any other treatise to do so .
He does , however , succeed in reminding us that the question is there ; that it is worth contemplating ; and that engaging in the quest for meaning is an exciting adventure which itself constitutes part of the meanings of life as much as breathing is part of physical life .
© Ernest Dempsey 2010
Ernest Dempsey is a freelance writer .
He has authored four books and is currently the editor of the print quarterly Recovering the Self ( recoveringself.com ) and an assistant editor at the Loving Healing Press of Michigan .
• The Meaning of Life by Terry Eagleton , OUP , 2007 , 200 pages .
pb , £ 10.99 , ISBN : 0199210705 .
Seagate has confirmed it will offer a 3TB drive .
As reported by Thinq , the company should announce its 3 TB 3.5 - inch disk drive by the end of the year , subject to operating system , motherboard BIOS and RAID vendor support .
Disk drives are addressed in 512 - byte sectors , logical block addresses ( LBAs ) as set down by DOS back in the 80s .
The system can't assign LBAs in excess of 2.1TB , so you 'll need an operating system that supports extended or long LBAs in order to go beyond that point .
Windows Vista and 7 offer support , but Windows XP does not , and its users effectively wo n't be able to use drives with more than 2.1TB capacity , according to Seagate .
Thinq goes on to say that when 2.1 + TB drives are used as a boot disk , the master boot record partition needs changing , and that means a new GPT partition table .
It also means that motherboards need take this into account and a UEFI standard provides support for both the GPT table and the extended LBA addressing .
Unfortunately , most motherboards do n't support UEFI - yet .
A fourth constraint is that RAID software needs altering to include 2.1TB + drives in RAID arrays .
Seagate and other disk drive manufacturers are working with operating system , motherboard , and RAID vendors with plug - fest events to make sure the four components in this area work properly together .
Western Digital has its Advanced Formatting scheme to deal with the same circumstance , but it talks about having Windows XP support for the 4096 byte data sectors involved .
Each 4096 byte sector appears as right logical 512 byte sectors by the hard disk drive interface .
A Windows XP Advanced Format drive installation could mean running a jumper between pins seven and eight on the hard drive before plugging it in .
Western Digital is also catering for other older operating systems as well as XP , with a WD Align facility to align partitions on 4096 byte sector boundaries .
Mac OS X Tiger , Leopard , and Snow Leopard can work with 4Kb sector drives , as can Version 2.6.31 of the Linux kernel .
No doubt , the Unix and Linux O/S vendors and Apple will be involved in the 4Kb sector plug - fests , as will storage array vendors with their own controller software , such as NetApp .
Barbara Craig , a Seagate senior product manager , is quoted as saying that Seagate expects to launch the 3TB drive by the end of the year .
Our information is that is a 3TB Constellation ES with a 6 G bit/s SAS interface . ®
Everything starts with a ‘ Hello ’ !!
With ZERO upfront investment , we are committed to provide a solid foundation for your business idea .
You ’ll be amazed by working with our experts .
If not , the first 7 days are on us .
‘ every breath you take ’
‘ just between you and me ’ by keetra dean dixon sees items intended for use by one person ( or at least by one person at a time ) transform into objects of co-dependency .
‘ just between you and me ’
‘ just keeping an eye on you ’
‘ I ’ve got your back ’
‘ in your eyes ’
another project from the new york based designer is ‘ the anonymous hugging wall ’ part of the ongoing series methods & apparati for social facilitation and mood elevation .
via today and tomorrow
The Danger of Israel 's Nuke Hypocrisy The United States finds itself in the curious position of going to the mat on behalf of Israel ’s top security concern – preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear bomb – while Israel and its supporters continue to insist that U.S. officials maintain Israel ’s decades - old “ ambiguity ” about whether or not it possesses a nuclear arsenal of its own .
Email
Printer friendly
This extraordinary double standard – demanding transparency from Iran , which does n’t have the bomb and disavows wanting one , and protecting the secrets of Israel , which is believed to have one of the most sophisticated nuclear stockpiles on earth – has forced the Obama administration and many U.S. news organizations into logical and moral contortions .
The hypocrisy also is counterproductive , undermining whatever moral standing the United States might have in trying to strengthen safeguards that are considered important to prevent the nightmare scenario of some terrorist organization getting its hands on nuclear materials .
Despite those stakes , Israel ’s Likud government and its neoconservative backers in the United States show no flexibility when it comes to acknowledging the existence of Israeli nukes or discussing the value of Israel accepting the nonproliferation standards that apply to other nations .
For his part , President Barack Obama has verbally stumbled through two questions when asked about his knowledge of Israel ’s nuclear arsenal .
In both cases , he clumsily maintained the practice of American presidents trying to keep Israel ’s “ secret , ” a charade that dates back to Richard Nixon and has required the tacit collaboration of the mainstream U.S. news media .
Over the past four decades , Israel ’s nuclear arsenal has been one of those inconvenient truths that everyone in power knows but agrees not to talk about .
In that sense , it represents not only a glaring hypocrisy in the eyes of many around the world but also damages the U.S. democratic process by establishing a factual no - man ’s - land where public debate fears to tread .
So , instead of news organizations like the New York Times demanding “ all the news that fit to print , ” you see a willful surrender of objectivity in favor of aligning with Israel ’s desire for secrecy and double standards .
For instance , in a May 9 editorial , the Times demanded a toughening of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty to punish countries that evade its prohibitions .
The Times said this crackdown was a prerequisite for the United Nations punishing Iran with harsher sanctions .
“ At a frightening time — when Iran and North Korea are defying the Security Council and pressing ahead with their nuclear programs , and terrorists are actively trying to buy or steal their own weapon — there has to be a law to make clear that proliferation will not be tolerated , ” the Times said .
“ The treaty is that law .
But it is badly fraying . ”
Double Standards
The Times said the nations of the world must come together and insist : -- that “ all treaty members accept tougher nuclear monitoring . ” -- that penalties be imposed on “ any state that violates its treaty commitments and then withdraws from the pact , as North Korea did . ” -- that nuclear - fuel - producing nations , like the United States , guarantee supplies for other countries ’ “ peaceful energy programs . ” -- that the United States and Russia make deep cuts in their own arsenals and “ quickly draw other nuclear powers into arms reduction talks . ” -- that “ no more India - like exemptions from nuclear trade rules ” be made “ and that any state that tests a weapon would be denied nuclear trade . ”
The Times noted that the special U.S. deal “ to sell nuclear energy technology to India ( which like Pakistan boycotted the nonproliferation treaty so it could develop weapons ) enshrined unequal treatment . ”
But the Times made no reference to the third rogue state that stayed out of the NPT so it could secretly develop nuclear weapons – Israel .
The Times only made a backhand reference to that fact in a slap at Egypt for having the audacity to propose a nuclear - free zone in the Middle East .
“ Egypt , which leads the Nonaligned Movement , is also playing games by pressing for a nuclear - weapons - free zone in the Middle East that seeks to force Israel to give up its nuclear arsenal .
That is not going to happen any time soon . ”
So , because Israel has no intention of relinquishing its nuclear weapons – or even acknowledging their existence – the Times suggested that another de facto special deal must be carved out .
But this “ unequal treatment ” favoring Israel not only gives it a pass on signing the NPT but comes with a special humiliation for senior U.S. officials , making them jump through hoops with verbal gymnastics to avoid even mentioning that Israel has nuclear weapons .
The Times concludes its editorial with a moral commandment that “ all states need to ante up and reverse the treaty ’s slide .
The world ’s security depends on it . ”
All nations , it seems , but Israel .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
John Rheinberger was 25 years old when he set his goal : to visit every country in the world .
Rheinberger , a Stillwater lawyer who is now 61 , has been collecting countries ever since .
His passports boast stamps from 192 , including Iraq , Afghanistan and North Korea .
By his count , only three remain — Libya , Cuba and Somalia — but he says they will be the hardest to check off .
Still , he hopes to achieve his goal by 2017 .
Rheinberger caught the travel bug early .
When he was 8 , he saw “ Around the World in Eighty Days ” and dreamed of following in Phileas Fogg ’s footsteps .
He vividly remembers the day he decided to start his quest .
It was Aug. 9 , 1974 — the day President Richard Nixon resigned .
“ It was a Friday and , you know , there ’s a point in life where you think about your own future and where you are in life , ” he said .
“ It was a transformation for the country , and I thought I may as well take advantage of it for myself .
I tried to look at it this way :
When you are old and gray and you are looking back , you want to at least have something .
For me , travel was one of them . ”
To Rheinberger , who is single , travel is an investment .
“ My return may not be in dollars , ” he said , “ but it will be in experiences of life . ”
He estimates that his travels will consume more than a year and a half of his life and about $ 200,000 .
He has already spent $ 192,000 .
He figures anyone starting today would need about $ 400,000 , but the price could easily reach $ 1 million , given the decline in U.S. currency .
A former Stillwater City Council member , Rheinberger has bachelor ’s degrees in history , political science and geography .
He has master ’s degrees in history and business administration , in addition to his law degree .
He is retired from his job as a part - time Army Reservist in the Office of the Judge Advocate General .
He reads several newspapers each day and pores over history books about the countries he has visited .
Now he ’s reading “ Imperial Russia : A Source Book , 1700 - 1917 ” by Basil Dmytryshyna .
“ When you travel to these places , these things mean something , ” he said .
“ I like to get to know the history of these places — they take on a little more light . ”
FRENCH FRIES AND COKE
Accumulating all those passport stamps has not come without pain .
Planning the trips can be a nightmare :
To get to Iran , for example , you have to get a visa in Pakistan .
There is only one flight each week to Nauru in the South Pacific .
Upon entering Chad , you must immediately register with the local police .
There is a three - hour wait in the airport for a visa in Turkmenistan .
Traveling constantly for decades also takes a psychological toll .
“ The opening was really good because you ’re going , ‘ Wow , I ’m going to England , or I ’m going to Australia or India or Portugal — some of the neat places everyone wants to go , ’ ” he says .
“ And then , all of a sudden , you get into the bottom tier of it — Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan .
As it turned out , they were good , but you do n’t know that .
And then you ’re going to the depths of Africa .
But then , all of a sudden , it gets kind of good at the end because then you ’re closing it down , and you know the nuts and bolts of it . ”
He uses the “ Lonely Planet ” travel guides but does n’t bring the books .
Instead , he makes two copies of the relevant pages and reads them on the airplane en route .
“ I ’m interested in historical things , ” he says .
“ If ‘ Lonely Planet ’ says , ‘ Here ’s the biggest bell in the city , ’ well , I ’ll go see the biggest bell .
I ’ll go to universities , public buildings , the libraries . ”
Rheinberger does n’t venture out to rural areas because of safety concerns and the greater chance of exposure to disease .
“ You ’ll see more in the small cities , ” he says .
“ I ’m interested in the infrastructure of a place .
I go to a city , and I look out and I see three things or five things that are different . ”
He has been sick only once while traveling — he ate lettuce on an Air France flight from Dakar to Paris and got food poisoning — and he goes to great lengths to avoid germs .
He makes sure he is up to date on his shots , and he slathers on mosquito repellent to avoid dengue and malaria .
He sticks to standard American food and eats at his hotel or at McDonald ’s : “ I like hamburgers .
I like bacon and eggs .
Nothing cute .
If they did n’t eat it in the ’50s , I ’m not eating it , ” he said .
He also likes to think that he helped introduce french fries to North Korea .
“ I was in North Korea , and they said , ‘ Well , here ’s what we have for breakfast , ’ and I ’m going , ‘ Oh , no , no , I do n’t eat like that . ’ …
I said , ‘ Well , look , here ’s what I ’d better have . ’
I told them to take a potato and cut it like this — chop , chop — and cook it . ”
He drinks bottled water and Coca - Cola and , in Asia , rice beer .
“ You know it ’s safe because it ’s pasteurized , ” he says .
A FLIGHT OUT ON TUESDAY MORNINGS
International travel is not for the faint of heart .
Thieves stole Rheinberger ’s passport in Senegal , and he had to pay them $ 5 to get it back .
Two Russian airplanes he flew on in Africa later crashed , he says .
“ There are casualties to this .
You ’ve got to be real careful . ”
Rheinberger believes there are 195 sovereign nations in the world — the 192 members of the United Nations , plus Kosovo , Taiwan and Vatican City .
After he visits all the world ’s countries , Rheinberger says , he is thinking of tackling the world ’s great rivers .
“ There ’s the Ganges , the Nile , the Amazon , the Congo — which is iffy , but possible — the Mekong , the Yangtze … , ” he says .
But first he ’s got to check off his final three .
“ I ’m working on Libya now , ” he said .
“ I think they will fall like this : I think Libya will be next , then I think Cuba may go , and then Somalia — probably in that order . ”
He ’s left messages for a Libyan tourism agency and has researched flights to Somalia .
“ There are tricks to it , you know , ” he said .
“ To get to Somalia , you go to Kenya , and there ’s a flight out on Tuesday mornings about 8:30 .
You ’ve got to get to Kenya , and then you take your chances .
“ Now it ’s becoming more of a problem .
Before I could say , ‘ Well , look , I ’ve got 25 left , let ’s not worry about it . ’
Now I have to worry about it . ”
Mary Divine can be reached at 651-228-5443 .
HOW HE DOES IT
When John Rheinberger travels , he :
Uses a taxi , sees the capital city and stays at a nice hotel .
Rarely stays in a country for more than three days .
Never checks his bag and does n’t carry a cell phone or a laptop computer .
Wears black loafers and brings no other shoes .
Brings three credit cards and up to $ 2,000 in cash — enough to buy an emergency airplane ticket home .
Takes 27 photos in each country using a disposable camera .
Keeps little bags of coins from each country as mementoes .
“ They have lasting quality — they have uniqueness , ” he says .
“ People kind of understand them . ”
A 29 - year - old mother was arrested on Friday after punching her 11 - year old in the stomach as he tried to hug her in front of police and Child Protective Services .
According to court documents around 10 a.m.
Friday police received a call from an 11 - year - old boy .
The boy said that his mother , who police suspect was mentally unstable , was packing and moving to California and not taking him or his 7 - year - old brother with her .
The Arizona Republic is not releasing the mother 's name to protect the identity of the children .
When police arrived at the apartment complex near the 16600 block of North Greasewood Street the mother confirmed that she planned on leaving the boys .
She told police that she " was sick of her children " and that she wanted to " have fun and play " and that the kids ruined her life , said Sgt. Mark Ortega , a Surprise police spokesman
When CPS arrived the mother said she would sign anything to get away and start a new life , Ortega said .
The 11 - year old tried to hug his mother and she punched him in the stomach and said she never wanted to see him again , according to court documents .
Police searched the home and found a pipe with marijuana residue on it on top of the TV in the living room , Ortega said .
They also found two feet of clothes piled in the boys ' room on the floor and the bed .
The boy said he had been sleeping on the floor .
The 11 - year - old told police that he has been fending for himself and his younger brother as his mother spends her money on alcohol and leaves them alone while she goes off with men , Ortega said .
The mother was arrested for aggravated assault , child neglect , two counts of disorderly conduct and possession of drug paraphernalia , Ortega said .
According to court documents , police suspect the mother had been drinking at the time of the incident and fell asleep for approximately 45 minutes .
Both children tried waking her up and were unsuccessful .
When she finally woke up , she started to yell at the children .
The children were taken by CPS and will be handed over to their biological father who lives in Phoenix , Ortega said .
CookieJarPirate Profile Joined March 2010 United States 61 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-17 03:30:56 #
1
As of right now , I 'm am paying the cash prize out of pocket , so first place will receive $ 50 to split amongst the teammates in a winner take all fashion .
If the tournament turns out to be a success the cash prize will likely increase , as well as adding a 2nd and 3rd place payout .
All payments will be done through paypal , so please make sure atleast one of your team members has a paypal account set up .
The Rules :
+ Show Spoiler +
Teams will be made up of 4 - 6 players .
Each round up until Semis will consist of 4 1v1 matches , and 1 2v2 .
Each win will award that players team 1 point , and thus first to 3 points each round wins , and thus advances .
Each team must have a designated starter , that must start each set .
The winning team of the first game must then announce their next player and their race , followed by the losing team .
This process will continue , with the winning team choosing first up until all 1v1s are completed .
The Semi's and finals will be Bo7's rather than Bo5's , allowing each team to either revive 2 players ( or for 6 player teams to put forth their other members , though they are not required to do so ) .
There will be a set map list for each round , which will be listed soon .
Disconnects :
All disconnects will result in a replay of the match , unless one side is clearly extremely favored , and a replay is sent to me proving this to be the case .
If a player disconnects twice in the same game ( after attempting to replay once ) it will result in a loss .
Livestreaming : Livestreamers must be allowed to stream the game , if cheating via stream because an issue , the streaming will come to a halt , and players will have to wait for the streamers to stream the replays .
Registered Teams :
+ Show Spoiler +
Team Eg :
starter : Machine
Lzgamer
Incontrol
iNkA
2v2 Team : Incontrol and Lzgamer
Sally 's Super Saint Brigrade
starter : Sid.sidtb - zerg
sky.tlskyfive - terran
pwnermobile.pwnermobile - terran
lance.lot - protoss
2v2 : Sid.sidtb sky.tlskyfive
Team Root
starter : Suggy.suggy
Catz.root
kiwikaki.root
Drewbie.root
Joseki.root
sheth.root
2v2 Team : drewbie.root / catz.root
Team Bebop
starter : koopatroopa.daimon
NonY.teamliquid
Brontophobai.arcology
turbulent.flow
Jonoman.arcology
KoopaTroopa.daimon
IntotheSea.intothesea
2v2 : koopatroopa.daimon , IntotheSea.intothesea
Team Get Like IdrA
Starter : Tempest.foxhound
Orbit.leoj
rick .blackout
zinistr.barca
2v2 Team : Orbit.leoj & rick .
blackout
Team Kawaii Baka Gaijins
Starter : Eradic.erad
panderbearguy.gous
AudioBlood .
recount
SuperJoe.superfly
2v2 Team : Eradic.erad & superjoe.superfly
Team Reddit
pwncore.shatsturm
navi.listen
vellon.vellon
danotrigger.dan
Team Lez go
starter : thisisjimmy.silassassin
Clout.scclout
neans.wong
slurgi.slurgi
2v2 : Thisisjummy.silassassin and slurgi.slurgi
Team The Fightan Animus
Starter : Auto.bomber
NormalGeek.normalgeek
whap .
whap
irOnclad.pie
MattDamon.dannydevito
2v2 Team : irOnclad.pie & NormalGeek.normalgeek
Team gOuS -
Starter : ima.ima
crahp.tacular
rafa.lee
knivesbx.bsex
nuget.milk
2v2 Team : rafa.lee & ima.ima
Team NrG .
NrG.OstoJiY ( Starter ) ( Ostojiy .
Ostojiy
NrG.Effortless ( FourAM.scbw )
NrG.eve ( NrG.eve )
NrG.Bamboo ( NrG.bamboo )
2v2 : NrG.OstoJiY + NrG.EffOrtless ( ostojiy .
Ostojiy ) ( FourAM.scbw )
Team Funtastic :
Starter - Waffles.fun
kyadytim.fun
Blades.fun
ourk.tls
Manbeartoss.manbeartoss
kylotion.fun
2v2 Team : kyadytim.fun + kylotion.fun
Team Kubitch
Starter - CheAse.chease
Marf.marf
eternus.eternus
zackz.zackz
snowstyle.snowstyle
pathology .shoop
Acidik.acidik
2v2 : Chease .
Chease and Eternus .
Eternus
Team KoD
starter - serenity.gio
Strifecro.kod
Axslav.kod
Warlen.kod
Martin.kod
Uruk.von
2v2 - Axslav And Strifecro
team charge :
Starter - centrin.centrin
rjdj.charge
mosephh.charge
rwarriar.charge
kathode.charge
kash.igoballsdeep
2v2 : rwarriar.charge and rjdj.charge
Team 3 White Dudes and an Asian ( 3WDA )
Starter : PeRsOnA.forme
Nickgazord .
Gawdziwwa
Tonyor.tony
zxtole.cifer
2v2 : PeRsOnA.forme and Tonyor.tony
TAD Team
Starter : bob.bot
pulse.less
burberry.romeo
frizz.frizz
kuce.kuce
Purplehaze.blaze
2v2 : Kuce.kuce and Pulse.less
Titan Gaming :
Starter : iris.chinakulian
Telecom.tgaming
Arlock.tgaming
Stephan.tgaming
Zeus.teampain
2v2 : Stephan and Zeus
team SSR :
Starter : Greg.
Identifier
Chika.itou
Xife.schenn
Seacow.wcr
Hei.hei
Wubbles.dubbles
2v2 Team : Chika .
Itou and Greg. Identifier
vT Gaming
Starter : attero.vtgaming
HuK.vtgaming
antimage.vwind
Moo.moojae
Painuser .
painuser
2v2 : Huk and Moo
vT Gaming 2
Starter : Whiplash .
Whiplash
zerker.vtgaming
Torch.gaming
Gdr.gdr
Mirhi.vtgaming
2v2 - Mirhi and Whiplash
Nerds
Starter : grief.ender
kta.kta
jack .
mehoff
tkrand .
tkrand
2v2 : Grief and Kta
Team Active
Starter smash.alexei
Sejong.dewang
LavaLamp.phil
Slurpy .
sidharth
2v2 : smash.alexei / Sejong.dewang
Team inflow
Starter : Win.inflow
jtprog.inflow
Petrified.zkw
capoch.lclan
Trump.inflow
eek.one
sound.inflow
2v2 : Win.inflow / sound.inflow
FnaticMSI
starter - TTOne.fnaticMSI
KawaiiRice.fnaticMSI
Funkyy.fnaticMSI
Fenix.fnatic
Xeris.fnaticMSI
Krr.fnaticMSI
Gretorp.proterg
2v2 : TTone / Fenix
Map List
+ Show Spoiler +
+ Show Spoiler +
1 ) Lost Temple
2 ) Steppes of War
3 ) Blistering Sands
4 ) Metalopolis
5 ) ( 2v2 ) Decena
Ro16 1 ) Kulas Ravine
2 ) Lost Temple
3 ) Scrap Station
4 ) Steppes of War
5 ) ( 2v2 ) Scorched Haven
Ro8 1 ) Steppes of War
2 ) Metalopolis
3 ) Lost Temple
4 ) Kulas Ravine
5 ) ( 2v2 ) Coalition
Ro4 - Semis -( Best of 7 ) 1 ) Lost Temple
2 ) Metalopolis
3 ) Kulas Ravine
4 ) Steppes of War
5 ) Blistering Sands
6 ) Lost Temple
7 ) ( 2v2 ) Scorched Haven
Ro2 - Finals -( Best of 7 1 ) Scrap Station
2 ) Blistering Sands
3 ) Lost Temple
4 ) Metalopolis
5 ) Steppes of War
6 ) Kulas Ravine
7 ) ( 2v2 ) Decena Ro32Ro16 +
Show Spoiler + Ro8 + Show Spoiler + Ro4 - Semis -( Best of 7 ) + Show Spoiler + Ro2 - Finals -( Best of 7 + Show Spoiler +
This tournament is scheduled to take place at 3:00 p.m. ( Central , Us ) on May 16 .
If this date interferes with any major tournament , it is subject to change .
All teams must register here by May 12th so that a bracket can be made up in advance .
If you have any questions contact me ingame , my Identifier is Lickitung .
Slowbro
Edit : Prize pool increased from $ 50 to $ 100
Streamers for this tourny :
+ Show Spoiler +
Attero ( Vyanta ) , Myself , Rise , Orb , Raelcun , Joseki
Brackets and map list will be listed the by 14th at the latest !
BRACKETS UP !
http://binarybeast.com/xBW1005123
Reseeded due to minor technical errors .
Thanks to a $ 25 donation by Team Reddit the prize pool is up to $ 125 for winning team .
All contributions are very much appreciated , so thanks to Team Reddit .
_____________________________________________________________________________
Post tournament Edit
Congrats to Root Gaming for first place .
Tomorrow I will conduct an interview with the leader of Root gaming , Catz to discuss their performance in the tournament .
And lastly , a replay pack of the ro8 and up will be released soon for those of you who missed it .
As I grow to love the Starcraft community , I 've been inspired to further my influence and involvement with it .
Thus brings the tournament that I hope becomes a monthly event .
As of right now , I 'm am paying the cash prize out of pocket , so first place will receive $ 50 to split amongst the teammates in a winner take all fashion .
If the tournament turns out to be a success the cash prize will likely increase , as well as adding a 2nd and 3rd place payout .
All payments will be done through paypal , so please make sure atleast one of your team members has a paypal account set up .
The Rules : Registered Teams : Map ListThis tournament is scheduled to take place at 3:00 p.m. ( Central , Us ) on May 16 .
If this date interferes with any major tournament , it is subject to change .
All teams must register here by May 12th so that a bracket can be made up in advance .
If you have any questions contact me ingame , my Identifier is Lickitung .
SlowbroEdit :
Prize pool increased from $ 50 to $ 100 Streamers for this tourny : Reseeded due to minor technical errors .
Thanks to a $ 25 donation by Team Reddit the prize pool is up to $ 125 for winning team .
All contributions are very much appreciated , so thanks to Team Reddit ._____________________________________________________________________________
Post tournament EditCongrats to Root Gaming for first place .
Tomorrow I will conduct an interview with the leader of Root gaming , Catz to discuss their performance in the tournament .
And lastly , a replay pack of the ro8 and up will be released soon for those of you who missed it .
Do You Care About Bears ?
We at Bears Matter care about bears .
Our mission is to convince others to care about bears as much as we do and to fight for their welfare , habitat and rights .
Are you convinced , yet ?
Bears are highly evolved , intelligent , sentient beings and a critical part of the natural world .
For as long as humankind has walked the Earth , bears have contributed to our culture , society , economy , ecology , and spirituality .
Are you looking to step out of the shadow and give a bear hug to the cause ?
Follow Bears Matter in the conservation of this essential species .
Our Goals at Bears Matter
Our ultimate goal at Bears Matter is to persuade decision makers to adopt improved , sciences - based , compassionate wildlife - conservation policies and practices to protect this essential species .
In the coming decade it is our wish to see a significant reduction in the number of human - bear conflicts , bring an end to the spring bear hunt and eliminate trophy hunting .
Our hope is that with these progressive changes there will be less need to manage , rehabilitate , relocate and kill bears .
It is our eternal quest that one day humans will again live , as our ancestors lived , in harmony with bears and nature .
Rehab Instead of Confinement
Bears
Matter fully supports privately funded rehabilitation of wild , orphaned and / or injured cubs so that they may be released back into the wild and given a second chance .
Often , it is the conservation of individual bears that aids research and education .
Rehabilitators here in British Columbia nurture and give security to orphaned bears ( under 12 months ) in preparation for returning them to the challenges of the wilderness .
Governments at home and around the world do not typically fund bear conservation organizations and definitely not wildlife rehabilitators ( with the exception of The Chinese government Panda Bear Recovery Program ) .
What We Do at Bears Matter
At Bears Matter , we use a variety of tools to get the word out to the public and governments about the importance of bear conservation and the need to change or update policies .
Through this website , Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram ,
we provide a forum for sharing articles , letters , research , and objectives in bear conservation .
We share information and science about bear behaviour and explain the need to preserve bear habitat .
We advocate for bear protection and encourage funding for specific bear conservation issues and campaigns .
We are a significant group of like - minded people who share our love and concern for the survival and welfare of wild and urban bears , and we invite you to join with us .
We Remain Independent
We at Bears Matter advocate for bears with the purest of intentions , and remain as independent as possible .
Our work is voluntary and self - funded .
We have never personally benefitted financially from any individual , agency , organization or business and we never will .
It is our sincere wish that our work at Bears Matter will inspire others to speak up for bears in their home areas around the world , with the message that all eight species of bears are critically important and should remain wild and viable for generations to come !
Sincerely ,
Barb Murray
Bears Matter , Nanaimo , BC , Canada
Are you interested in getting involved ?
What calls to you ?
Image caption
The pool of net addresses is almost empty
In less than 18 months there will be no more big blocks of net addresses to give out , estimates suggest .
Predictions name 9 September 2011 as the date on which the last of those tranches is released for net firms and others to use .
Everything connected to the net needs an " IP address " to ensure data reaches the right person or device .
Experts say that the net 's entire existing address space will be exhausted about a year after that date .
A newer scheme is being rolled out but many firms and countries are being slow to switch , experts warn .
Small pool
The net is built around version four of the Internet Protocol addressing scheme ( IPv4 ) which has space for about four billion addresses .
Its successor - IP v6 - has trillions available .
The continued growth of the net is tied to this pool of addresses .
While four billion was enough in the 1970s when the net was being set up , the growth of the world wide web is rapidly depleting this store .
The growth of the web has meant that only about 7 % of these addresses , roughly 300 million , are left to allocate .
This entire pool is expected to be depleted in April 2012 .
In early May , the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) , which oversees the net address space , handed over two of the big chunks of remaining addresses .
The removal of these 17 million addresses from the global pool meant that the date on which there will be no more big chunks left jumped forward .
Image caption China 's growing number of net users has made it a convert to IPv6
" This whole business of forecasting depletion involves a little bit of reading the tea leaves , " said Axel Pawlik , managing director of Ripe NCC , which hands out IP addresses in Europe .
" Ten years ago we said it would happen far in the future , " said Mr Pawlick .
" Now we are all running around with iPhones , we 're in that future . "
While the cut off date is 18 months away , some fear it will shrink as the pace at which addresses get used speeds up .
Throughout the whole of 2009 , IANA handed out eight of the big blocks of IP v4 addresses .
In the first 100 days of 2010 , it has handed out six .
Early planning
Trefor Davies , chief technology officer at business ISP Timico , said rationing of the remaining IP v4 addresses was already under way .
" You can not just ask for more IP addresses , " he said .
" You have to prove you need them . "
" The registries will not let you have more until your reserves reach a certain threshold , " he said .
While IPv4 and IPv6 can live alongside each other , anecdotal evidence suggests it is not a trouble - free union , said Mr Davies .
The process of translating one address into the format of another introduces a significant delay .
Unless more ISPs and others start to adopt IP v6 those delays could start to hit general web browsing , fears Mr Davies .
" It adds quite a lot of latency onto people accessing your network because it has to go through network address translation , " he said .
Mr Pawlick from Ripe said it had seen significant growth in requests for IP v6 addresses over the last few months .
" What we are not seeing yet is those IP v6 addresses being used on the internet , " he said .
IPv6 tracking services suggest that less than 1 % of the net 's top one million websites run IPv6 .
Another statistic suggests that only 6 % of the networks that form the net use IPv6 .
China is one of the biggest users of the new addressing scheme .
Companies are being urged to get working with IP v6 now , to forestall any problems caused by the shortfall .
" The key thing to focus on is the opportunities IP v6 brings your business before IP v4 runs out , " said Simon McCalla , director of IT at Nominet , which oversees the .uk domain .
Many illegal immigrants could have a hard time getting power , water , natural - gas or phone service at their homes in Arizona if a political candidate gets his way .
Barry Wong , a Republican candidate for the Arizona Corporation Commission , told The Arizona Republic on Tuesday that , if elected , he would require regulated utilities to check the immigration status of customers , a move he says would keep costs down for other customers .
One immigrant advocate quickly cast the statement as political posturing , a bid for votes in an election season already charged by the immigration issue .
But Wong insisted he has a financial motivation .
" There is a cost ratepayers should n't have to bear because of the illegal - immigrant population , " Wong said .
Although the Corporation Commission elections are usually mired in arcane policy discussions , the state 's hot - button immigration debate has now twice found its way into the 2010 campaign .
This time , the discussion could lead to action .
When the Los Angeles City Council voted in May to boycott Arizona over its new immigration law , Corporation Commissioner Gary Pierce , who is running for re-election , sent a sarcastic letter to the LA mayor suggesting his city stop taking power from Arizona power plants .
It was an empty threat because Arizona regulators can't shut off power to Los Angeles .
But if Wong were elected , it would take only his request to begin a study of the idea and put the issue before the commission .
And it would take two other votes on the five - member board to implement such a proposal .
Wong , a lawyer and four - term member of the state House of Representatives , was appointed to a temporary spot on the commission in 2006 .
Corporation Commission members have constitutional authority to regulate utilities like Arizona Public Service Co. , Tucson Electric Power Co. and private water companies .
Two of the statewide seats are up for election this year , and six candidates are running .
Wong said that utilities would have to spend money to check immigration but that he believes the cost of such a program would be outweighed by the savings on power infrastructure .
And he thinks the issue deserves further study .
Serving a growing number of people with power , he said , raises utility rates because it requires building new power plants .
He said asking utilities not to serve illegal immigrants could protect other ratepayers from utility hikes .
" The question is : Is it the right thing to do in terms of rates ? " he said .
Wong said he suggests checking only the immigration status of residential customers , not businesses .
He recognizes the idea is controversial amid the ongoing debate over Arizona 's new immigration law , Senate Bill 1070 .
The law states that an officer engaged in a lawful stop , detention or arrest shall , when practicable , ask about a person 's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally .
" I 'm sure there will be criticism about human - rights violations , " Wong said of his utility proposal .
" Is power or natural gas or any type of utility we regulate , is that a right that people have ?
It is not a right .
It is a service . "
The other two Republicans in the race and all three Democrats said that asking utilities to check customers ' immigration status is inappropriate .
" That 's not an argument I think we 'll involve ourselves in , " said Pierce , a Republican and former majority whip in the state House .
Democrat David Bradley , a Tucson representative in the state House now running for the commission , said that even if the regulators have the authority , enforcing immigration rules at utilities would not solve the state 's immigration problems .
The Corporation Commission does not have authority over the Salt River Project or municipal water providers like Phoenix , but it does regulate private water companies , natural - gas providers and landline telephone service in addition to the big power companies .
Officials from APS , the state 's largest electric utility , were unsure how they would enforce such a rule , although the utilities usually are hesitant to discuss the politicians who regulate them .
" Immigration is largely a federal issue , not a utility issue , " APS spokesman Jim McDonald said .
" In addition , we are not even sure how we would implement a policy like this . "
Julie Pace , a partner in the Cavanagh Law Firm , is suing the state over a law passed in 2007 that punishes businesses for knowingly hiring illegal workers .
She said Wong 's idea is likely not constitutional because immigration is a federal issue , even though the idea is " fascinating . "
" It would be a problem from a legal side , " Pace said .
She asked if such a move would lead to checking immigration status at airline ticket counters or grocery stores .
" Everyone is seeing the polls that are so anti-immigrant , and everyone is jumping on the bandwagon to target immigrants , " Pace said .
" They all are coming up with novel ideas how they can get elected .
They say , ' Target immigrants , and it helps me win an election . ' "
Wong responded by saying that the issue is real and that utility regulators should not shy away from it .
" I do n't need to take on these issues for election purposes , " Wong said .
" I served on the Corporation Commission . "
Political - science experts acknowledge the success of anti-immigration stances for politicians .
One Arizona official said the effectiveness of that strategy will change in states like Arizona that have growing Hispanic populations .
" For Arizona , there does seem to be a greater receptiveness and positive response to anti-immigrant rhetoric , " said Stephen Nu�o , a political - science professor at Northern Arizona University .
" But , as the demographics change , this strategy will become less viable . "
Democratic Challenger Blasts Steve King Over Latest Controversy
Created : June 16 , 2010 14:13 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Democratic candidate Matt Campbell , who is challenging Republican Rep. Steve King in Iowa ’s 5th Congressional District , has issued a stinging response to King ’s statement , made to talk show host G. Gordon Liddy on Monday , that President Obama “ has demonstrated he ’s got a default mechanism in him that breaks down [ on ] the side of race , on the side of it favors the black person . ”
Here ’s the statement that Campbell just released :
When you look at the history of Mr. King ’s statements , it reflects a pattern .
Instead of focusing on moving America forward , King is busy making polarizing statements .
Comments such as these are why I ’m running against Steve King for new leadership in Iowa ’s 5th District .
We have seen that members of the GOP have distanced themselves from his remarks — notably by Republican House candidate Gardner ’s move to cancel a fundraiser in which King was to speak and the Northern Colorado Tea Party leader saying King ’s comments do not reflect tea party values .
This shows that individuals on both sides of the aisle take issue with King ’s comments .
King ’s polarizing statements and failure to lead is preventing the people he represents here in Iowa ’s fifth district from having their needs met .
King , for his part , maintains he has no regrets over the comment .
“ I stand by what I said because what I said is accurate , ” he told an Iowa radio station .
“ What I said was accurate and it was objective . ”
The congressman has even taken to using the latest kerfuffle as a badge of honor .
Said King to a local conservative blogger :
The fact that liberals have risen to attack me and call me names without rebutting my assertions concedes my point . …
When they start calling you names you know they ’ve lost the argument .
King ’s comment about Obama and race are just the latest in a string of controversial statements .
In recent months , the incumbent has argued for aggressive racial profiling using ESP and stated that the murder of Matthew Shepard had nothing to do with homophobia .
Just yesterday , King made news for saying that President Obama ’s aunt should be forced to testify before the House Subcommittee on Immigration , Citizenship , Refugees , Border Security and International Law , regarding her asylum status .
Even with King ’s help , Campbell has his work cut out for him in the messaging wars for Iowa ’s 5th .
The district covers 32 counties and features a patchwork of media micro-markets .
As a former Democratic candidate explained to the Sioux City Journal , “ [ In ] Iowa ’s Fifth there ’s Sioux City , Council Bluffs / Omaha , Sioux Falls and even Des Moines ( which technically is outside the district , but with reach into the Fifth ) and then a whole bunch of towns with radio and newspapers with circulations of maybe 5,000 . ”
* Update : * Rep. Bruce Braley ( D - Iowa ) has also responded to King ’s remarks , calling them “ deplorable and an embarrassment to the state of Iowa . ”
When the Soviet Union on 17 September 1939 invades Poland , Anna Aleksandrowna leaves her home in Krakow to search for her husband , the Polish captain Andrzej .
She finds him together with other officers captured by the Red Army , but some minutes later he is pushed into a train , which will take all the Polish officers to a prison camp in Kozelsk in Russia .
Anna and her daughter Nika is now stuck in the Soviet occupied zone , unable to go back to Krakow in the German zone , not until a brave Russian captain helps them to flee .
3 April 1940 Andrzej is transported from the prison camp in Kozelsk to the Katyn Forest , where thousands of Polish officers are killed .
In 1943 the Germans capture this area and find the mass graves .
13 April 1943 they start announcing the names of the identified corpses through loudspeakers in Krakow .
Anna is happy that Andrzej is not in any of the Katyn lists , which gives her some hope .
18 January 1945 the Red Army liberates Krakow from the Nazis .
The Russians ...
Written by Maths Jesperson {maths.jesperson1@comhem.se }
By Phil Cain
Vienna
A heterosexual Austrian couple have embarked on a court battle to have their relationship legally recognised as a " registered partnership " - a new form of civil union for same - sex couples .
Half - married : Frederic Morel and Delphine Rorive in half a wedding outfit Helga Ratzenboeck and Martin Seydl say they do n't want a traditional marriage and insist that the law should be blind to gender and sexuality .
Meanwhile , the kind of pared - down marriage they want is proving a huge hit with straight couples in France , where 95 % of couples taking up the pacte civil de solidarite ( Pacs ) in 2009 were heterosexual .
As the number of straight French couples opting for Pacs has grown , the number of marriages has shrunk , to the point that there are now two couples entering into a Pacs for every three getting married .
' A little bit equal '
In both Austria and France , some gay couples are fighting for the right to full marriage .
Belgium , the Netherlands , Spain , Sweden and Norway are currently the only European countries allowing same - sex marriages .
Should we want to get divorced it would be easier , which is good , because marriage is heavily criticised for being too strict
Joerg Epper Kaiser
But legal battles for the right to registered partnership , like Ms Ratzenboeck and Mr Seydl 's , are rarer .
" The couple involved already have grown up children and are not interested in adopting , " says their lawyer , Helmut Graupner .
" They are more interested in a more loose , modern form of partnership with a shorter time period for divorce and lower maintenance obligations afterwards . "
Mr Graupner is also representing two Austrian same - sex couples , one gay and other lesbian , wanting a traditional marriage .
He has an argument that applies to both sets of clients : " You can't be a little bit equal , in the same way as you can't be a little bit dead or a little bit pregnant .
You can only be equal or unequal . "
The Constitutional Court turned down the idea of marriage for gay couples in 2003 , on the grounds that the purpose of marriage was reproduction .
But Mr Graupner , who points out that infertile people are allowed to marry , thinks there is now a chance the court will change its mind .
" There are some younger judges and younger judges are normally more open on this question , " he says .
Sexual fidelity Austria is the eighth EU country to have introduced partnerships for same - sex couples .
They are very similar , but not the same as marriage .
The others are Britain , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , Germany , Hungary and Slovenia .
REGISTERED PARTNERSHIPS
Introduced in Austria on 1 January 2010 270 partnerships concluded by end of April 185 ( 69 % ) involving men , 85 ( 31 % ) involving women Source : Interior Ministry Austria 's " registered partnerships " do not bring adoption rights or access to fertility treatment , but despite more than 70 differences , gay and lesbian groups tended to see their introduction on 1 January as significant progress for a conservative , Catholic country .
Some , like Kurt Krickler of Viennese gay rights group HOSI , were pleasantly surprised at how far the partnerships went .
Particularly surprising , he says , is that that it offers non-Austrian partners a right to work in Austria , where fears about immigration run very high .
Supporters cite a number of reasons why registered partnerships are better than marriages .
Dissolving a marriage can take up to six years , while for registered partnerships it takes three at most .
The law also puts more emphasis on openness and honesty than on strict sexual fidelity .
We just wanted to pay less taxes
Delphine Rorive " Should we want to get divorced it would be easier , which is good , because marriage is heavily criticised for being too strict , " says Joerg Eipper Kaiser , a 34 - year - old museum worker in Austria 's second city of Graz .
Joerg , who was one of the first people to enter into a registered partnership , says his only complaint is that he is not allowed , under the law , to hyphenate his last two names .
Fancy dress France 's Pacs has some similarities .
There are tax advantages and , for many straight couples , it seems like a low - risk stepping stone to marriage .
Delphine Rorive a 31 - year - old management consultant " Pacsed " her boyfriend Frederic Morel , 29 , in July last year .
" We just wanted to pay less taxes , " she says .
" To us , it was only an administrative process .
We had an appointment at the court at 0800 one morning , just the two of us , and 15 minutes later we were outside , Pacsed and ready to go to work , which we did .
" Soon after we decided to organise a fancy - dress party to celebrate .
We invited all of our friends but no family , otherwise it would have been too much like a wedding .
" My boyfriend and I dressed as ' half - married ' people , with our top halves in wedding outfits and the bottom half casual , " says Ms Rorive .
And what of the future ?
" To me , it does n't replace marriage .
I 'd still like to get married one day . "
A selection of your comments : I find it a little insulting that straight couples , who have the right to marry , now want to co-opt what little recognition my partner and I can get for our relationship .
We would marry if we could ; as it is , our domestic partnership is the strongest legal tie allowed between us .
FX Hartigan , Medical Lake , Washington , USA
If we want a fairer , more equal world , the law should be TOTALLY blind to gender and sexuality like these people want .
This is a simple , fair fact that somehow happens almost nowhere in the world , bar maybe Canada .
After all why should , for example , homosexuals , not be allowed to full - on marry ?
Jacob , Plymouth , Devon , UK I would far rather have a civil partnership than a marriage .
To me no matter how much they change the vows , marrige still comes with all the baggage and trappings of patriachy - the father giving the woman to her husband .
Rather than sign up to that institution , I would far rather enter into a civil partnership where you get the benefits and commitment of marriage without the history .
Lizzie , London
This article saddens me that a union so amazing between two people has been reduced to being just something entered into for practicality .
Something instituted by God for man - kinds benefit , has been reduced by man to mean nothing at all .
Nowhere was it mentioned about love and mutual commitment to another person .
Without this any union of this sort is doomed from the beginning .
Naomi Elizabeth , Warwick , UK I take my civil partnerships just as seriously as a " normal " marriage , thankyouverymuch , because legally speaking it is marriage in everything but name .
There is nothing " lite " about it .
The whole idea of " partnership contracts " is nothing new , though , the Dutch have had these since forever .
It 's just there to sort out bits to do with house ownership , parental responsibility , etc .
It makes perfect sense .
Nobody should be forced to get married purely to get legalities like this sorted .
Martje Ross , Lancaster , UK Did n't we used to have common law marriages in this country ?
Where if you lived together for more than 7 yrs , you were considered married ??
And did n't those couples have all the rights of traditionally married couples ?
Why do n't we have that anymore ?
I get the whole recognized partnership thing for gay and straight couples .
Perhaps that is the way to go from here on out ?
Kimberly , Illinois , USA I am a happy gay man living with my partner of 20 years .
I do not believe in marriage and object to legal life - long commitment , but the only reason why we entered a civil partnership was to protect the other partner in case one of us died , thus granting the other the benefit of full ownership of our flat .
I am grateful to France for granting us this opportunity .
Arnaud , Lille , France I think that the government should stay out of peoples relationships ; irrespective of gender or orientation .
How people organise their relationships should be up to themselves and they should get no advantage or disadvantage from it .
Cathy Grimes , Derby
My partner and I have signed a pacs agreement and took the whole commitment very seriously .
We are getting married next year but decided that whilst we saved for our wedding this was the first step in showing our commitment to one another .
Eleanor , Luxembourg
This is one of the most depressing articles ever .
Choosing a ' partnership ' option because it 's easier to get divorced ?
It just sounds like a bunch of commitment - phobes extending their ability to waffle about the idea of making a lifelong pledge to someone besides themselves .
How did this generation become so self - obsessed ?
Marriage should be about not just the couple involved , but about the family they are creating .
Without committing 100 % , no one will truly feel safe , or secure .
As soon as one person becomes too old , fat , or boring , they will be chucked in favor of a more exciting option .
Children are left to suffer the consequences of this selfishness .
What is happening to Europe ?
Kelly , Santa Barbara , California
It 's a bit childish .... wanting the benefits of something without actually committing to the work that goes into it .
It 's like wanting the benefits of a healthy lifestyle , without actually committing to living healthy .
Or wanting the benefits and protection of being a citizen of a good country without committing to living in , loving and protecting that country .
Andrea , Richmond , BC , Canada
What about equality ( and tax breaks ) for people who want to commit to polyamorous relationships ?
Or single people who wish to commit to being single ?
Or people in non-sexual stable relationships / partnerships ?
There is a certain old - skool logic in having a separate status for a heterosexual couple who have committed to one another .
Once that logic is ( rightly or wrongly ) dissolved , what is the case for limiting these sort of stable commitments to a pair of people ?
Andrew , London
The reason so many couples get ' Pacsed ' in France is because of the tax laws .
I am in the process of buying a house here with my long term partner and while we have never considered getting married , despite having two children together , we are likely to go for the Pacs purely for security in buying a house together .
If we did n't and something happened to either of us , the French hereditary laws would consider that we had made a gift to a non-family member and the surviving partner would have to pay 60 % on the ' gift ' .
So , purely to protect our investment for all the family , we need to get officially hitched - something we did n't need to consider when we bought a house together in the UK before moving to France .
Kate , Chalencon , France Marriage is a series of social taboos created by the church and administered by government for the sole purpose of stabilising society -- it prevents disease , provides property heirs , prevents social dispute .
It need not be Holy or spiritual .
Love , on the other hand , does not need marriage .
Nice to see it all being re-thought .
tomD , Calgary , Canada
I have often wondered how the government could be involved in a religious ceremony anyway , and thought that a domestic partnership , a two - man corporation in fact , would be entered into with more intelligence and forethought than a dramatic flowery ceremony that leaves too many questions unanswered .
Writing corporation papers , with the intent and structure and means of dissolution written into them , with by laws , etc. would shape partnerships more completely , be simple to dissolve , and everyone would be on top of them , as it were .
All nice and legal , the way corporations are supposed to be .
That 's the business of Government , not sappy displays of adoration and empty oaths made in the swing of sexual desire , which fade in the morning light .
All marriages should be such tight legal statements and that 's what governments is for .
Later , if the parties so desired , they could march into some religious facility or anywhere for that matter , and have the silly ceremony for what it 's worth , and it 's usually worth a great deal if you 're paying for it , no matter how long it lasts .
molly cruz , playa junquillal costa rica
As far as I know the civil partnership in The Netherlands is also open to both homo - as well as heterosexual couples .
It would also be logical within the Dutch legal framework .
Legally there is no such thing as a ' gay - marriage ' , only the fact that marriage is not closed to same - sex couples ( and will hopefully turn out gay in the other / origional meaning as well ) .
The same goes for the civil partnerships .
There are also legal provisions by which a marriage can easily be changed into a civil partnership and vice - versa .
The former apparently , is often used to arrange a speedy divorce .
These are personal cont ( r ) acts adults willingly engage in .
The scope of the contract is indeed a legal issue of importance .
It should however not be a matter for any state , or other authority , to dictate which ( combination of ) gender (s ) is / are allowed to participate .
As a happily married gay man , I wish the Austrian campaigners success in their fight for gender - and sexual equality .
Arnt de Lange , The Hague , The Netherlands A marriage cannot be made unless it involves the opposite sex .
It can not be classified as a marriage which is an institution for the production of children .
Same sex couples do not have the potential for this and therefore need a different recognition of their relationship commitments .
Not less equal just different .
Lief Van Cleef , People of the same sex cannot enter into marriage .
It is not possible .
The thing that people of the same sex are entering into is some sort of counterfeit of marriage .
Just like counterfeit money it looks like the real thing but it is n't .
Bank staff are trained to identify counterfeit money by studying real money .
So it is with marriage , only someone who is married can tell you exactly what it is .
After 25 years of marriage I would say it is wonderful .
John , Fort Collins , CO , USA
But why would anyone be interested in a union that does n't require commitment ?
It just blows my mind how our culture is just so non-committal in every way .
What does it say about the extent of one 's love for another that they are not able to swear an oath and a covenant of love to the other ?
What does it say about the actual act , when they are choosing a mode of relationship which facilitates the get - out clause ?
It 's just nonsense !
We say that the institution of marriage kills romance .
That 's just not true !
It actually fuels it .
But then obviously if you enter a marriage based on a lovey - dovey feeling , it 's not going to go far !
A feeling is no basis for a life of deep love .
The passion flows from the promise , the decision , the resolve to stick to one another and to love one - another in actions instead of simply through feelings ...
Nathan , Versailles , France
In a city where same - sex couples just recently won the right to get married , I was delighted to see that this was shown through the removal of gendered terms on the marriage license application .
Though we do n't have civil unions , I think it is very important that any form of legal joining of two people should not consider gender .
This would be legal discrimination in any other setting , and denies a large population of certain legal rights .
For religious organizations that oppose such unions have a right to oppose it , but that is a religious matter with no place in government .
For those looking for a marriage in a church , there will always be some churches who are open and welcoming to all .
The separation of legal aims and religious aims is extremely important .
Religious opinion can be no justifiable reason to support the denial of legal rights to any portion of the population .
Elisabeth , Washington , DC , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BROCKTON — A veteran state trooper was killed while on a highway traffic detail in Mansfield early yesterday morning in a bizarre accident in which one alleged drunk driver plowed into another , trapping the trooper under a car as his body was dragged across the highway .
Sergeant Douglas Weddleton , a 52 - year - old father of four , had parked his cruiser at the entrance to a highway exit ramp on the northbound side of Interstate 95 with his blue lights flashing to prevent traffic from entering about 1:30 a.m. when an alleged drunk driver in an Acura tried to maneuver past him , police said .
Weddleton stopped the Acura and began talking to the driver , Kenneth Weiand , a 43 - year - old state probation worker .
At that moment , police said , a Ford truck driven by Anthony Perry , a 45 - year - old carpenter from Hyde Park who had been watching the NBA Finals at a Rhode Island bar , slammed into the Acura , police said .
Perry later told police he was traveling at 65 miles per hour , according to court documents .
The force of the impact caused the Acura , with Weiand inside , to veer left , striking Weddleton and trapping the trooper underneath the car .
He was dragged across three lanes of the highway , as the nearby construction workers desperately banged on the Acura ’s windows , trying to get the car to stop , according to a State Police report .
Perry was arraigned yesterday on charges including negligent motor vehicle homicide and operating under the influence , and Weiand was charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol .
Both men pleaded not guilty yesterday in Attleboro District Court .
Yesterday , mourners brought flowers and food to the trooper ’s family at their Brockton home , where a trooper stood sentry outside to keep media away .
“ He was a dedicated police officer and even more so a devoted and loving husband and a doting father to his four boys , of whom he was extremely proud , ’’ said Colonel Marian McGovern , the State Police superintendent , who notified Weddleton ’s family .
“ To see four young boys who idolized their father and to tell them their father was no longer with them will remain forever in my heart . ’’
Weddleton had worked 15 years in the department ’s ballistics unit , but left in 2008 to patrol highways out of the Foxborough barracks so he could spend more time with his wife and children .
Shortly before working at the roadside detail , he had attended a graduation ceremony for his youngest son .
From there , he rushed straight to the road construction site in Mansfield .
Debian Mailing Lists
debian-ada
Ada in Debian
Discussion of Ada in Debian .
This list is intended for : - discussion of the Debian Policy for Ada - release coordination among Ada packages in Debian - packaging advice - general help for Ada programmers using the Debian packages
You can find the Debian Policy for Ada at https://people.debian.org/~lbrenta/debian-ada-policy.html
This list is not moderated ; posting is allowed by anyone .
Posting address : debian-ada@lists.debian.org
Subscribe / Unsubscribe
Your email address :
Archives
2010 [ Feb ] [ Mar ] [ Apr ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Aug ] [ Sep ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ]
2011 [ Jan ] [ Feb ] [ Mar ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Jul ] [ Aug ] [ Sep ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ] [ Dec ]
2012 [ Jan ] [ Feb ] [ Mar ] [ Apr ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Jul ] [ Aug ] [ Sep ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ] [ Dec ]
2013 [ Jan ] [ Mar ] [ Apr ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Jul ] [ Aug ] [ Sep ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ] [ Dec ]
2014 [ Jan ] [ Feb ] [ Mar ] [ Apr ] [ May ] [ Jul ] [ Aug ] [ Sep ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ]
2015 [ Jan ] [ Feb ] [ Apr ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ]
2016 [ Mar ] [ Apr ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Jul ] [ Aug ] [ Sep ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ]
2017 [ Jan ] [ Feb ] [ Apr ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Jul ] [ Aug ] [ Sep ] [ Nov ]
2018 [ Jan ] [ May ] [ Jun ] [ Jul ] [ Sep ] [ Oct ] [ Nov ] [ Dec ]
2019 [ Jul ] [ Aug ] [ Oct ]
2020 [ Jan ] [ Feb ] [ Mar ] [ Sep ]
List archives get refreshed every 20 minutes .
You can link to the most recent page in the archives for this list .
Search for :
Matching any words Matching all words Syntax help Sort by : Relevance Date ( newest first )
Hits per page : 10 50 100
Statistics
Excerpt from the list usage statistics pages :
, .
[ thanks to Roger for hosting the LOST finale viewing party and giving me the idea for this comic ]
MORE LOST FINALE SPOILERS BELOW !!!
Just so we are clear , the main purpose of the castaways ’ final moments on The Island was to solve a plumbing problem .
“ Well , see what you got here is yer stopper what keeps the magic water from drainin ’ outta your light beam got removed .
Probably by a common household Desmond .
You see ’em in these parts all the time .
Livin ’ in hatches , pushin ’ buttons , NOT pushin ’ buttons .
Gettin ’ into a whole mess ’o trouble . ”
NEW SHIRT !
NEW SHIRT !
THE BEST SHIRT I’VE EVER MADE !!!
Science Fiction TV - Movie Title Generator T - Shirt @ Topatoco !!!
There is also a PRINT of this design too !
I am still gathering my thoughts on the LOST finale , but I do n’t know if I want to post them here or in a podcast or just bury them deep inside until my anus belches out a cloud of murderous black smoke .
We ’ll see .
For now I can say that it ended the way I expected it to based on the last couple of seasons .
LOST completely abandoned the story I was totally enthralled with ( DHARMA , Others , numbers , hatches , buttons , polar bears , etc ) a LONG time ago , and since then I have come to understand that the plot lines I was so invested in are never going to be resolved .
I think I got over the frustration of that realization a while back and since then , I ’ve just been coasting on familiar characters and settings .
Just like BSG , I find the “ magic ” aspect of the show really dissapointing .
I like fantasy when I know that ’s what I ’m getting into , but LOST was supposed to be Science Fiction .
And it was for 3 years or so .
Now it ’s all hocus pocus , and destiny , and “ let ’s all meet in purgatory for a party when we die ” and such .
OK , I need to stop myself before I rant for 6 pages .
Post your thoughts in the comments .
DO NOT READ THE COMMENTS IF YOU DON’T WANT TO BE SPOILED !!!
Here are some more things to read :
In this post , I 'll take a high - level look at how malloc is implemented on the Mac .
I 'll look at how memory is allocated for " tiny " , " small " and " large " allocation scales , the multi-core performance improvements introduced in Snow Leopard and some inbuilt debugging features you can trigger for finding memory problems including buffer overruns .
Introduction
All memory in Mac OS X is allocated to applications by the kernel .
The kernel allocates memory to applications by mapping virtual memory pages ( which are 4 kilobytes in size ) into the application 's memory space .
You can allocate memory in your application this way ( using the mmap function ) to get your memory 4 kilobytes at a time .
Alternately , you can simply use memory on the stack ( which is 64 kilobytes big by default ) and is mapped automatically for every thread .
But most of the time when people talk about allocating memory , they are referring to allocations using malloc .
Compared to requesting pages of virtual memory directly , malloc is finer grained ( you can request much smaller sizes than 4 kilobytes ) and considerably faster ( since it does n't require an mmap every time ) .
Of course , internally , malloc does receive its memory from the kernel by mapping virtual memory pages .
Malloc gains its advantage by dividing those pages ( or clusters of pages ) into smaller regions and returning pointers to addresses within those regions when smaller allocations are requested .
I 'm using the term " malloc " but this article applies to Objective - C's alloc and allocWithZone : , all CoreFoundation allocations and all related C functions like calloc , realloc , valloc , malloc_zone_malloc , malloc_zone_calloc , malloc_zone_valloc , malloc_zone_realloc and malloc_zone_batch_malloc since all these functions go through the same internal implementation on the Mac .
A generic malloc implementation
Malloc implementations work by requesting a handful of virtual memory pages from the kernel and returning pointers to free areas within those pages when memory is requested .
To know which areas within the pages are free at any given time , a malloc implementation must maintain metadata about the size and location of each allocated block in use and any free space between blocks .
The pages of memory managed by malloc are collectively called " the heap " but it should be noted that malloc generally does not use a heap data structure ( which is a form of sorted tree ) to track blocks ; the two uses of the term " heap " are unrelated .
As the program requires more memory , the malloc implementation requests more virtual memory pages , increasing the application 's memory footprint .
Every reasonable effort should to be made to allocate new blocks in the spaces left by previously free blocks to keep the memory footprint low .
The main difficulty for a memory allocator is to keep the amount of metadata and the amount of processing time low .
This can be very difficult to do when memory becomes a mottled pattern of allocated blocks and freed space .
If the memory allocator kept an array of every single allocation , its location and size , the metadata could easily take as much memory as the allocations themselves .
To increase efficiency , most allocators do not track every single byte in memory .
Most use a resolution of 16 bytes or more .
This allows reduced metadata to track allocated and freed runs .
Further , most allocators use free lists ; instead of traversing memory on each allocation looking for an empty space of the appropriate size , the allocator keeps lists of freed areas categorized by their approximate sizes .
As a further optimization , these free lists do not always track all free areas in a block ( the free lists normally track a finite number of free areas ) .
The Mac 's implementation of malloc
Despite the fact that all C standard library implementations offer a function named malloc , they all have very different internal implementations .
The Mac 's implementation of malloc is open source and is composed of two key implementation files :
The malloc.c file is mostly a wrapper around the internal implementation in magazine_malloc.c .
This external wrapper routes regular malloc invocations through the malloc_zone_malloc function using the default malloc zone — so all malloc allocations on the Mac are actually zoned allocations sharing the same implementation that 's used by Objective - C's +[ NSObject allocWithZone : ] .
Up until Snow Leopard , the internal implementation was named scalable_malloc.c .
It is scalable because it contains different code paths for allocations based on their size .
The newer version magazine_malloc .c retains much of the code from scalable_malloc.c but adds multithreaded improvements for smaller allocations and removes the old " huge " scale ( instead using the same allocation approach for " large " and " huge " scale allocations ) .
The Mac 's malloc regions
The malloc allocation on the Mac has different code paths for the following allocation sizes :
Allocation Size Code path name Quantum size ( Allocation resolution ) Region size 32 - bit : 1 byte to 496 bytes
64 - bit : 1 byte to 992 bytes Tiny 16 bytes 32 - bit : 1MB
64 - bit : 2MB 32 - bit : 497 bytes to " Large " threshold
64 - bit : 993 bytes to " Large " threshold Small 512 bytes 32 - bit : 8MB
64 - bit : 16MB < 1GB RAM : 15 kB or greater
>= 1GB RAM : 127 kB or greater Large 4 kB N/
A
The key point to note about the Mac 's scalable malloc implementation is that it does n't just divide up virtual memory pages to return smaller blocks but it allocates " tiny " and " small " allocations from their own separate regions ( " large " allocations are simply allocated as virtual memory pages ) .
Allocating a " tiny " amount results in memory being returned from within a 2MB block ( 1MB in 32 - bit programs ) .
Allocations are always rounded up to the nearest 16 byte boundary since the tiny regions only track allocations at a resolution of 16 bytes .
This has the additional advantage that it ensures all memory allocations are 16 - byte aligned ( helpful for SSE / Altivec instructions ) .
Of course , the 1 or 2 MB regions used for tiny allocations are only big enough to hold around 64,000 allocations at the smallest size — less for larger allocations .
More regions are created as needed .
Beyond 15 kB ( 127 kB on systems with more than 1GB RAM ) the Mac 's malloc allocates memory purely as virtual memory pages — no additional tracking or metadata is maintained ( although the kernel does maintain tracking for these pages ) .
To summarize the levels of hierarchy then :
Malloc zones allocate " tiny " and " small " regions or " large " blocks directly
Regions return blocks from their contents as results for " tiny " and " small " malloc operations
The importance of regions
The reason for separate regions for tiny and small allocations is that it allows the region 's metadata to be more efficiently tuned to tracking the size of object it contains .
For " tiny " allocations , tracking memory down to 16 byte units is worthwhile ( it allows freed space to be reclaimed better and does n't waste large amounts of memory around allocated objects ) .
For " small " sized objects though , tracking at this resolution would be a poor tradeoff between CPU time ( traversing through lists of freed or allocated blocks ) and memory efficiency — the coarser 512 byte resolution is more efficient .
The tiny regions also have the advantage of reducing the impact of memory fragmentation .
By keeping small and large allocations separate , the pattern of small allocations in the midst of otherwise large , free areas that is a cause of memory fragmentation is avoided .
Of course , it does n't eliminate fragmentation but helps .
The existence of the " tiny " region is of great important to Objective - C. Since Objective - C allocates all objects within malloc zones and almost all Objective - C objects fall within the " tiny " size bounds , it is of great benefit to have an optimized code path for such allocations .
Threading improvements in Mac OS X 10.6
In Snow Leopard , Apple replaced the old scalable_malloc.c with the newer magazine_malloc.c .
This new implementation introduces a new approach of creating special " tiny " memory allocation regions for each thread .
This approach is " inspired " by the Hoard memory allocator with the thread - specific clusters and " superblocks " of that approach implemented as the magazine and regions in the Mac malloc implementation .
Most of the allocation metadata that was previously kept in the " zone " structures moves into the new " magazine " level of the hierarchy so that it can be kept thread - specific .
This includes all data that needs to be updated per allocation , like the number of allocated regions , the free lists and available memory counts .
Each " tiny " region is itself allocated by the top level allocator but is then assigned to a specific thread .
Since the region is then thread - specific , the top - level , shared , allocator does not need to be locked and the chance of any thread contention is very low .
To summarize the levels of hierarchy for " tiny " allocations with these additions :
Malloc zones allocate magazines for " tiny " regions ( 1 per thread ) and allocated the regions themselves when requested by the magazines .
Magazines manage the regions for a thread
Regions return blocks from their contents
Of course , locks are still used internally when allocating or freeing from a region ( since a malloc from one thread can still be freed in a different thread ) but the chance of two threads contesting a lock is significantly reduced .
The likelihood of cache lines shared unnecessarily between CPUs is also reduced since threads do n't allocate memory in the same regions .
Then end result is that the majority of memory allocations in Objective - C ( which are typically allocated in a thread and released by the autorelease pool on that thread ) will have near perfect thread independence .
A pair of minor notes
When you free memory , your application footprint will not immediately go down .
Freeing region allocated memory adds the space to the free list for the region but will not cause the region to be released unless it was the last block in the region .
Your application 's footprint will only go down if an entire region is freed and the zone can unmap the virtual memory pages .
calloc takes two parameters : a size and a number of elements .
malloc only takes a size but is often calculated by multiplying a sizeof ( SomeType ) by a number of elements .
The end result is identical : internally , calloc just multiplies its two parameters together — other than some overflow checking on the multiplication , the size of the returned block from calloc ( a , b ) is identical to the block returned by malloc( a * b ) .
Debugging information
One important point to note from reading the malloc.c file is that the Mac memory allocator can be configured at runtime to generate logging information .
The following environment variables can be set to have the memory allocator perform debug behaviors :
MallocLogFile < f > to create / append messages to file < f > instead of stderr
< f > to create / append messages to file < f > instead of stderr MallocGuardEdges to add 2 guard pages for each large block
to add 2 guard pages for each large block MallocDoNotProtectPrelude to disable protection ( when previous flag set )
to disable protection ( when previous flag set ) MallocDoNotProtectPostlude to disable protection ( when previous flag set )
to disable protection ( when previous flag set ) MallocStackLogging to record all stacks .
Tools like leaks can then be applied
to record all stacks .
Tools like leaks can then be applied MallocStackLoggingNoCompact to record all stacks .
Needed for malloc_history
to record all stacks .
Needed for malloc_history MallocStackLoggingDirectory to set location of stack logs , which can grow large ; default is / tmp
to set location of stack logs , which can grow large ; default is / tmp MallocScribble to detect writing on free blocks and missing initializers : 0x55 is written upon free and 0xaa is written on allocation
to detect writing on free blocks and missing initializers : 0x55 is written upon free and 0xaa is written on allocation MallocCheckHeapStart < n > to start checking the heap after < n > operations
< n > to start checking the heap after < n > operations MallocCheckHeapEach < s > to repeat the checking of the heap after < s > operations
< s > to repeat the checking of the heap after < s > operations MallocCheckHeapSleep < t > to sleep < t > seconds on heap corruption
< t > to sleep < t > seconds on heap corruption MallocCheckHeapAbort < b > to abort on heap corruption if < b > is non-zero
< b > to abort on heap corruption if < b > is non-zero MallocCorruptionAbort to abort on malloc errors , but not on out of memory for 32 - bit processes MallocCorruptionAbort is always set on 64 - bit processes
to abort on malloc errors , but not on out of memory for 32 - bit processes MallocCorruptionAbort is always set on 64 - bit processes MallocErrorAbort to abort on any malloc error , including out of memory
to abort on any malloc error , including out of memory MallocHelp - this help !
Unfortunately , the normal build of magazine_malloc.c in Mac OS X has the limitation that it wo n't apply guard pages to " small " or " tiny " allocations .
To apply guard pages to all data , you 'll need to use the libgmalloc library .
Do this by setting the following environment variable :
export DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES
=/ usr / lib / libgmalloc .
dylib
For more information , see the libgmalloc Manual Page .
You can also set environment variables in Xcode by right - clicking on the executable in the Tree view , selecting " Get Info " and going to the " Arguments " tab .
Conclusion
I 'm not sure there are a huge number of lessons to be directly taken from this article and immediately used in a program .
The debug options are useful to know should the need arise but this article is mostly an exercise in investigating one of more heavily used library functions on the Mac .
The memory allocator on the Mac has lots of different OS - specific behaviors related to alignment , granularity and thread performance .
Depending on the size of the allocation , and even the amount of installed memory , some of these behaviors will change from allocation to allocation .
One reassuring point to take from this is to know that the many thousands of tiny Objective - C object allocations in a typical Cocoa program do have a heavily optimized path on the Mac .
Sometimes you can only fully appreciate something if you look at it many years later .
Pictures of celebrities before they were famous , for example .
BP ’s case , however , is less “ Wow !
Look at how cute and awkward they were ” and more “ Wow !
Look at how they tried to sucker us ! ”
If you go back far enough , you ’ll find they ’ve been positioning themselves as a shiny , happy company for decades — even before their 2000 brand shift when they merged with Amoco , took over Arco , and famously changed their tagline to “ Beyond Petroleum . ”
That ’s also when the company embraced the sun / star happy green and yellow logo .
Slogans like “ We Believe in Alternative Energy Like Solar and Cappuccino ” were the spin of choice .
BP ’s greenwashing has always been ironic but now that oil has been gushing into the Gulf of Mexico for more than two months , BP ’s advertisements through the years are even more painful to see .
So , take a shot of something strong as you take a tour of BP ’s eight most ironic ads through the 20th century — and beyond .
“ BP : Best Possible ” ( 1922 )
Photo : Wikimedia Commons
We have some other ideas of what BP stands for : Bitterest Possible .
Bloody Pathetic .
Ballsy Promotion .
Black Paste . Better Prosecute .
Zombie William Mulholland strikes again .
The Urban Land Institute and Ernst & Young have just released Infrastructure 2010 ( link goes to a pdf ) , their fourth annual review of US infrastructure in comparison to other countries , and this year takes a new focus on water .
Looking at 14 cities , the report finds that the US has " the highest ' water footprint ' in the world , using nearly 656,000 gallons per capita annually , " compared to China 's 186,000 gallons per capita .
And while many city 's have water conservation programs in place , many also have aging pipes that leak and break , an uncertain water supply , and regional cooperation problems .
And guess which sparkling coastal jewel hat tricked ?
The aging and the breaking were recently examined by USC , and our uncertain supply comes from severe drought .
There are also concerns " that diminishing mountain snowpacks and higher evaporation rates result from permanent climate change , which could impair essential supplies from the Colorado River and California Delta . "
On top of that , " Farming interests in southern California battle against Los Angeles and San Diego for Colorado River water ... Farmers in central California , meanwhile , contest urban residents over the delta ’s supplies . "
And Los Angeles looks particularly bad next to Australia , where water use per household in Brisbane is one - third that of LA's , and in Sydney residents pay $ 3.87 per cubic meter for water while we pay $ 2.21 .
The report suggests a series of solutions that " aim to foster collaboration among different governmental entities , incorporate land use planning into infrastructure planning , and accept higher user costs as a necessity . "
And the authors like Orange County 's wastewater recycling program , which " produces up to 70 million gallons a day and the purification process requires half the energy necessary for pumping water from northern California . "
· Add Water Systems to U.S. Infrastructure Challenges , Says ' Infrastructure 2010 : An Investment Imperative ' [ PR Newswire ]
· Infrastructure 2010 : An Investment Imperative ( link goes to a pdf ) [ ULI ]
" Thank you . "
This cartoon , made by a former analyst at a big bank , is hilarious .
We stumbled on it last night in the comments section of WallStreetOasis .
Here 's a little preview :
Analyst : " I just spent all night working on the model you said you needed for today . "
Director / Associate : " Do n't worry about that - I never needed that . "
Analyst : " Thank you . "
Watch it now .
It must be days like these that lead to analyst report names like this .
For a more of the creator of this video 's cartoons , check out BDK 's blog .
Gen . Stanley McChrystal is a hero — a selfless , fearless and inspiring soldier .
He is also something of a military genius .
In Iraq , as commander of the Joint Special Operations Command from 2003 - 2008 , he created an extraordinary military operation .
His command center — a vast open hall resembling the floor of a trading exchange — put long - haired civilian geeks next to wiry commandos , and together they uncovered , analyzed , pooled and acted on information that enabled soldiers to launch successful operations ...
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The route for this year 's Rally Great Britain will be revealed in Cardiff later today - and it will include significant changes to last October 's event .
The main change to the November 11 - 14 event is the inclusion of three new stages - and the addition of six miles of asphalt on the Crychan stage on Saturday .
Cardiff
Bay will get an asphalt superspecial stage , run on the private dockside roads on the eve of the event and on the Saturday night .
The crowd - pleaser is a shade under a mile in length .
The opening day of the event is identical to last season .
Day two , however , starts with a return to Radnor for the first time since 1999 .
The 9.38 - mile stage will open the leg 's proceedings and the crews will return first thing after lunchtime service .
That service will be a remote - meaning the drivers can only fit spare parts carried in the car with them .
Friday and Saturday will include remote services in Builth Wells , north of Cardiff , as opposed to just day one running a remote last season .
Also new to Saturday is the Monument Hill stage , so called in memory of the first ever RAC Rally special stage , which ran 50 years ago this year .
The Monument Hill stage runs after Radnor and before the lengthened Crychan stage which includes asphalt sections in the Four Ways area of the Epynt military ranges .
This year the Ford , Citroen and Petter Solberg World Rally Team will have services in the area at the front of the Millennium Centre in the Cardiff Bay area , as opposed to considerably less scenic port car park which the organisers were forced to use in order to cater for the manufacturers and their hospitality areas last year .
Rally GB 2010 itinerary Thursday November 11 Start Cardiff 1845 SS1 Cardiff Bay ( 0.99 miles ) 1930 Friday November 12 SS2 Hafren 1 ( 19.87 miles ) 0938 SS3 Sweet Lamb 1 ( 2.67 miles ) 1019 SS4 Myherin 1 ( 17.32 miles ) 1037 Remote service Builth Wells 1210 SS5 Hafren 2 ( 19.87 miles ) 1351 SS6 Sweet Lamb 2 ( 2.67 miles ) 1432 SS7 Myherin 2 ( 17.32 miles ) 1450 Service Cardiff 1830 Saturday November 13 SS8 Radnor 1 ( 9.38 miles ) 1000 SS9 Monument Hill 1 ( 6.27 miles ) 1110 SS10 Four Ways Crychan 1 ( 16.21 miles ) 1141 SS11 Halfway 1 ( 11.41 miles ) 1219 Remote service Builth Wells 1333 SS12 Radnor 1 ( 9.38 miles ) 1458 SS13 Monument Hill 1 ( 6.27 miles ) 1608 SS14 Four Ways Crychan 1 ( 16.21 miles ) 1639 SS15 Halfway 1 ( 11.41 miles ) 1717 SS16 Cardiff Bay 2 ( 0.99 miles ) 1925 Service Cardiff 1937 Sunday November 14 SS17 Resolfen 1 ( 18.20 miles ) 0833 SS18 Margam Park 1 ( 4.97 miles ) 0946 SS19 Resolfen 2 ( 18.20 miles ) 1127 SS20 Margam Park 2 ( 4.97 miles ) 1240 Finish Cardiff 1357
Filmmaker Oliver Stone lavished praise on the Royal Bank of Canada at the Cannes Film Festival , where his sequel to Wall Street premiered Friday .
Other banks “ were very arrogant ” and would n’t cooperate to provide a backdrop for his movie Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps , Stone told The Hollywood Reporter .
The film made its debut at Cannes and is reviewed by the Star ’s Peter Howell .
“ Our biggest break came when the Royal Bank of Canada called back , and they were extremely gracious .
They said , ‘ By all means , we ’d love you to shoot here . ’
About 80 Royal Bank employees who work on the brand new RBC trading floor north of Battery Park City in lower Manhattan got bit parts in the background of the weekend shoot , said bank spokeswoman Gillian McArdle .
“ It was a lot of fun , ” she said .
Since no trading was disrupted , “ we were really pleased to help him out . ”
In fact , one bank employee had appeared in the original 1987 Wall Street , she said .
In exchange , the bank received a $ 20,000 honorarium , which it donated to Big Brothers and Big Sisters of New York , she said .
No fan of corporations generally , Stone distinguished Canada from the rest of the world during the economic crisis wrought by shady deals in global high finance .
“ The Royal Bank of Canada was one of the few banks that behaved impeccably in this period and made a profit and continued on .
And everyone applauded Canada ’s behaviour because they had different rules .
Europe was going down , the whole world was affected .
But here was the Royal Bank of Canada – unlike the Royal Bank of Scotland , which was a disaster – the Royal Bank of Canada was impeccable ! ”
Not to mention photogenic and accommodating .
“ That was a wonderful break for us , because it was a classy looking bank and gave us the right feeling that we needed ” as a stand - in for Goldman Sachs , the New York banking and investment firm that first snubbed Stone .
Gary Brooks Faulkner , an American citizen who told police he was searching for Osama Bin Laden , has been arrested in northwest Pakistan armed with a gun , a sword , and Christian literature .
The 52 - year - old California construction worker arrived in the picturesque mountain border province of Chitral , which borders the Taliban stronghold of Nuristan in Afghanistan , on June 3 , accompanied by a security guard that is mandatory for foreigners entering the area , Pakistani police said .
After hotel security guards noticed he had vanished on Sunday night , a search party was dispatched .
After a 10 - hour manhunt they found Faulker some 14 kilometers ( 9 miles ) from the Afghan border , according to police official Mumtaz Ahmad Khan .
Faulkner was also carrying night vision goggles and a dagger to go along with his sword .
He has since been shifted to police custody in Peshawar , capital of the Khyber Pakthunkwa province .
US bloggers have latched on to his story , calling Faulkner an " American ninja " and a " Christian warrior . "
Richard Snelsire , a US embassy spokesman , says that the US consulate in Peshawar is aware that a US citizen has been detained and is seeking consular access .
While Faulkner 's one - man mission to hunt down bin Laden may be improbable , Chitral has long been suspected as a possible hideout for bin Laden .
In 2002 , the Monitor asked then President Pervez Musharraf about intelligence reports that Al Qaeda 's leader was ensconced in Chitral .
In 2009 , the New York Daily News reported that US drones were still actively buzzing that part of Pakistan , hunting for bin Laden .
According to Rifaat Hussain , a security analyst at the Quaid - i- Azam university in Islamabad , Nuristan remains a Taliban stronghold and some intelligence reports suggest Maulana Fazlullah , the vanquished leader of the Swat Taliban , may have fled there .
However , he adds , “ we have n’t seen any fresh intelligence suggesting where [ Bin Laden ] ’s possible hideouts are . ”
Police said it was Faulkner ’s third visit to the area in three years .
If the allegations are proven true , it would be the first instance of a bounty - hunter being detained in pursuit of the $ 50 miliion reward offered by US authorities .
It could also serve as a warning to copy - cats , says Dr. Hussain .
“ Only the most dare - devil [ individuals ] would attempt such a mission given the risks involved , without a network of contacts , ” he says .
“ As a foreigner , without knowing the language and how to wear the local dress , he would easily be identified as intruder . ”
RELATED STORIES :
Greetings ModDB !
There has been an awakening , and you 're about to feel it .
A lot has happened in the approximately two - and - a - half years since our last post here .
So much has happened , in fact , that we could not possibly cover every update , every new feature and every piece of news pertaining to Freeworlds : Tides of War in this post , even if we wanted to .
What we are here to do is reacquaint people with this mod , and touch on some of the big things that have changed since we last poked our heads out into the wider modding world .
Before we get into what ’s changed , we feel you deserve an explanation on our near complete silence over the past couple years .
To be blunt : our initial release had bugs and issues that we simply could not fix fast enough .
The content of the game itself was also not enough to carry us through a long , rocky period .
Rather than keep updating this page with every minuscule change , we decided to hunker down and focus on making the game stable enough for mass use and refine the action into something more immediately engaging .
Though there ’s still work to be done , we ’ve made some great progress , and we ’re ready to show it to a wider audience .
Hyperspace , Graphics , And Stability
FriendlyFire ( graphical wizard and code hacking guru that he is ) has completely reconstructed the hyperspace system from the ground up into an absolutely classic Star Wars hyperspace experience .
Stars now properly streak on entry and exit , ships zip through tunnels with impressive speed , and the jumps themselves provide a twisting , turning challenge if you 're in a real hurry to leave .
Seen above :
New hyperspace travel and effects in action , as well as new UI elements .
The game has also improved immeasurably on a graphical level as well .
Quite frankly , Freeworlds has so little in common graphically with the original Freelancer at this point that it's hard to believe they run on the same engine .
Additionally , Sizer ( our resident graphic artist ) has created stunning new ship models and updated numerous old ones , adding an impressive amount of high - quality ships to our already enormous roster .
Overall , the game is simply a more polished and stable experience than it ever was when our first major release was pushed out .
Since then , everything from the UI to the AI has improved , and we 're really excited for more people to come check it out .
The Conflicts System
One of the biggest things missing from our initial release was a reliable and sustainable way for players to earn money through combat , and find good opportunities to use our long list of capital ships .
Yes , the traditional bar missions were available and the occasional player vs. player battles , but neither of these ever provided enough of the large scale Star Wars fleet combat we wanted to deliver .
To solve this , our developers Friendly Fire and Kalis created a unique feature we call the Conflicts System .
Certain areas in every system are designated conflict zones .
When you enter a conflict zone in an area where you have a hostile relationship with the locals , the game will spawn a group of vessels that are roughly matched to the size and combat capability of your vessel .
For example , you and your buddy are flying a pair of X - Wings on patrol through Imperial - held Bilbringi ; the game then reacts to this by sending a group of TIE Fighters ( or Interceptors , Defenders , etc , etc ) against you .
If you manage to fight them off , you 'll be rewarded for your efforts , but the game will continue to send threats against you until you 've had your fill .
This system works for the smallest fighters to the largest battleships .
Yes , your Imperial battle group will be met by a flotilla of Mon Calamari cruisers and other assorted New Republic vessels !
The Fleet System
In the initial release of the game , we opened four major factions ( New Republic , Imperial , Corellian , and Hutt ) and recruited people to lead those factions in - game .
Meanwhile , an NPC faction leader ( controlled by the admins ) was still technically in control of the faction to prevent any major upheaval with regards to faction politics and lore .
The player leaders were responsible for recruiting other players to their faction , organizing military units and waging war .
We 've now changed that setup , just a little .
Rather than having each faction consist of a single monolithic player - group , players are now permitted to form any group ( fleet ) they wish under a faction of their choosing ( this is still limited to the four major factions , as well as civilians and pirates ) .
Fleets must still adhere to general faction directives and lore but may organize themselves any way they like .
What your group is called , how you play and what your story is , that 's all up to you ( within reason ) .
If your sole purpose in life is to roam the galaxy in a drunken pirate wolfpack , go for it !
You want to be the next elite New Republic fighter unit , tell the Rogues to watch their six .
Please be advised , we will be imposing some light regulations on groups , such as a minimum member requirement , restrictions on names , and making sure groups stick to their faction 's available ship list .
The Development Blog
In late 2013 , we reserved the domain name www.galacticnews.net and began to use it as a place to post in - universe articles related to the mod 's lore .
However , in 2015 , the site switched gears and became the home of our weekly ( currently bi-weekly ) development blog .
Since then , we 've posted one - hundred and sixteen development blogs , covering patch notes , new features , lore and roleplaying events , and everything in between .
For those of you wondering why our ModDB page went from semi-active to silent , this is partially the reason why .
Galactic
News has become a useful and flexible platform for posting our official regular updates , whereas ModDB , we feel , is a better place for us to make major announcements about the game .
We will continue to use Galactic News as the primary development outlet , and encourage players and fans to check the site regularly for updates .
In fact , if you 're curious about where we 've been and where we 're going , there 's literally years worth of posts to soak up !
The Discord Server
Many of you will remember that , for many years , every iteration of Freeworlds relied heavily on the use of forums for nearly every aspect of the game .
We used it to coordinate development , organize factions , roleplay , and communicate in general .
Though the forums at www.freeworldstidesofwar.com still exist and are used on occasion , we 've more or less moved all our communications to the Freeworlds : Tides of War Discord Server .
It 's become an invaluable tool for in - game communication , as well as our primary means of socializing within the community .
Say you 've encountered a bug or need some help finding a specific place in - game , rather than posting your question on the forums and hoping for the best , you can ping a developer and they 'll see it directly ( though try not to abuse the ping function ! ) .
It 's also a great place to see and post in - game video and screenshots and keep up with the day to day activities on the server .
Best of all , you do n't even need a desktop client ( though you can download one ) !
Just click this link and join !
Get Back In The Fight !
A lot has changed , for sure , and there 's a lot still to come .
If you played the mod ages ago and forgot all about it , come see what 's new !
If you 've never heard of us before but you like Star Wars and blowing stuff up a whole lot , you 'll find something to like here , too .
Most importantly , we want to reiterate our dedication to making the most out of Freeworlds : Tides of War .
We 've become more open about our process in the last couple years , developed a better overall relationship with our community and are excited at the prospect of getting more people to drop in and enjoy the game .
On behalf of the entire Freeworlds : Tides of War Development Team :
Thanks again to all our fans and to everyone who has stuck with us through every update , new feature , and bug fixing session .
It means the world to us !
Sincerely ,
DarkForce
Community Manager and Lead Lore / Roleplaying Developer
Freeworlds : Tides of War
Article by Evert Brochez Boxster Pinball : The Gameplay Now , there are probably some people thinking : " what the hell is Boxster Pinball ?
Is it a prototype that 's been kept a good secret ?
It has the Data East looks but why have I never heard of it ? "
Well it is pretty simple .
You 've never heard of it because a few years ago it did n't exist .
Bart Baeyens from mushroom - amusements.com started this project in July 2005 , the same year I really got into the hobby , by the way .
The first idea was to take a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ( TMNT ) cabinet and boardset , throw in a Checkpoint playfield , put new art on everything and you have a new game .
This idea changed pretty quickly and the idea was born to make the TMNT playfield fit the Checkpoint rules .
Bart started re-dressing the game with new artwork .
Various new backglasses were made and lots of ideas were thrown around .
There was a lot of progress until Bart was finishing the flasher wiring in June 2005 .
After that it all went quiet until the end of 2009 when I asked Bart to finish the Boxster so we could use it at the Belgian Pinball Championship during the weekend of 13th &14th February 2010 .
After some time Bart contacted me to finish the Boxster which I did .
We worked together to fix some small things and the Boxster pinball was a reality .
Things we changed in the Checkpoint display software included some of the names ; we 've put our own names on it and some other fun stuff .
What 's most eye - catching is the addition of a small TFT screen in the backbox .
This screen plays a small Boxster commercial and gives some information about how to play this game .
More information about the creation of Boxster can be found in two upcoming issues of the PinGame Journal with the story from both view points ; mine and that from Bart , of course .
There 's also a big surprise for people who really want to play this machine but you 'll have to keep an eye on my website for that , www.bingovit.be.
Before I explain the rules , I wanted to share some pictures with you that Bart send me of the design progress .
I 've added my own thoughts to these pictures along with some facts .
Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles , the game which started all !
This is one of the last moments the game was still " complete " and original .
You 'll notice further down that the " Sewer Hole " has been removed from the playfield because it could n't be fit into the Checkpoint software .
The Boxster backglass A Boxster backglass with no babes ???
You also notice that at this stage the TFT was n't yet implemented .
Luckily one babe appeared in later backglass versions and there was even a topless version .
Maybe an idea for a special edition ? :-)
Bart started off by sanding the playfield down to bare wood .
Now it 's ready for its new artwork which will be a decal with some layers of varnish on top .
Keep in mind that when this project started there was n't a lot of information to be found about clearcoating , so Bart had to find out these things all by himself .
Notice that the " Sewer Hole " at the top is ready to be filled by a small piece of wood .
Here we see quite some progress on the project ; the translite is ready , artwork for the cabinet has been applied but for the sharp - eyed viewers you 'll notice that the artwork around the coin door still needs to be applied .
So now let 's take a look at the gameplay .
Basically the shots are more or less the same as TMNT and I 'll briefly describe them here .
We have six standup targets on the left ( they spell L - A - P in Boxster ) , the captive car , the left ramp with a drop target in front , the right ramp , three drop targets which spell B - O - X , a kickout which has the pitstop function and spells the S , then we have the spinner lane which leads the ball to a yellow standup target , and to end we have three standup targets which spell T - E - R .
On the left side of the playfield there 's also a spinning disc just like in TMNT .
Basically , if you know Checkpoint , a lot of this information will sound very familiar because it's only the playfield layout that has drastically changed .
If you do n't want to read the rulesheet you can jump to the bottom of the article where you 'll find a video from the game in action being played by the owner , Bart Baeyens .
Skill Shot :
Plunge the ball , shoot the left ramp without hitting any other switches .
The left ramp awards 250 k times the ball in play .
Advance the tachometer : Meet or exceed the lazermatic speed requirement by shooting the left ramp fast enough .
The fastest recorded speed will be remembered in the games memory .
You can also advance the tachometer by shooting the ball into the pop bumpers , spell the B - O - X - S - T - E - R letters ( remember the three drop targets , pit stop and three right standups ? ) or shoot the ball into the pit stop for a mystery award .
Multiball : Multiball can be achieved by advancing the tachometer .
Once Multiball is ready , the right ramp will flash Multiball and the Checkpoint insert will turn green instead of red which signals you can start multiball .
You can start with a two ball multiball at 6000 RPM at the checkpoint .
If your RPM is higher at 7000 RPM , you can start the two ball at either the checkpoint or the pit stop .
You get a three ball ' redline ' multiball when you 've reached 8000 RPM .
If you 've started the two ball , you have to spell B - O - X - S - T - E - R again which lights up the right ramp for the three ball multiball .
Jackpot :
Only after three ball multiball has been achieved , shoot the " Stop " drop target down and shoot the left ramp which is now lit for jackpot .
Spell B - O - X - S - T- E - R again to reset the drop target and then shoot the drop target once again to light the left ramp for jackpot .
Jackpot values grow when spelling B - O - X - S - T - E - R. Possible values are 2 , 3 , 4 million and Grand Prix jackpot .
Do n't forget that the jackpot changes every time you spell B - O - X - S - T - E - R , so you can go from 4 million back down to 2 million .
However , if you shoot the checkpoint ( right ramp ) when the jackpot is not lit with three balls still in play , your next jackpot will be doubled .
Hot Nitro :
This round starts when the light in front of the captive car on the left is lit .
During this round , a good hit on the car scores 200,000 points and 20MPH are added to all the left ramp shots .
L - A-P : Shoot the six standup targets to spell L - A - P . A completed L - A - P advances the RPM and adds a F - A - S - T letter .
Fast Scoring : Spell F - A - S - T by completing the L - A - P targets .
When completed , F - A - S - T will start the fast scoring mode .
Shoot the checkpoint ( right ramp , where the checkpoint now glows green instead of red ) to start .
Now every switch is worth 55,000 points for the next 10 seconds .
All fast scoring points get added to your score at the end of the ball in play , after the bonus is added .
Blue Light Special :
When the blue light special is lit , spell the remaining B - O - X - S - T - E - R letters in time to collect the lit Blue Light Special award .
Blue Light Special awards can be 1 million points , Red Line , Extra Ball , High Score , Double Score and Fast Scoring .
Pit Stop :
Shoot the pit stop to collect a mystery award or a two ball multiball with the tachometer at 7,000 RPM , when the green light is lit .
Spin & Win :
Shoot the spinner and collect the lit value .
The pop bumpers change the value .
Values can be Lite Million ( a timed left ramp shot ) , Hot Nitro ( hurry up to shoot the captive car ) , a mystery score , lighting the extra ball or advancing the RPM .
Flat Tire : Shooting the spinner lane and hitting the yellow standup target gives you a flat tire , which is worth 25,000 points and creates some fun sound effects in the pop bumpers which are now flashing and every hit is worth 1,030 points .
So , basically , that is the gameplay .
If you do n't want to listen to the game 's music , that can be arranged because the DVD player also is a radio and it has a large antenna at the back so you have good reception .
All in all it is a unique game , fun to play and it has something really special to it !
Finally , this picture was taken years ago at the Collector Fantasies ( remember the Belgian Pinball Championship ? ) expo .
You can see that the playfield was ready , artwork for the coindoor was still missing but I think Bart wanted to show it in public together with his own Porsche Boxster .
Nowadays
Bart does n't have a Boxster anymore but I think the game will be in his collection for quite some time .
It 's certainly is a game to be proud of !
So all I can say now is ; enjoy the video and bye everybody !
Here 's Evert 's and Bart 's video of the Boxster Pinball in action .
Back to the Learn page Back to the front page
© Pinball News 2010
A fourteen - year - old learning - disabled boy in New Hampshire was the victim of what is perhaps a new , sickening front of bullying : forcible tattooing .
" Poop dick , " and a picture of a penis were tattooed across his buttocks .
Advertisement
What ever happened to drawing a penis in magic marker ?
The Smoking Gun has the arrest warrant , as well as the mug shots ( two of them are above . )
Four out of five of them at 18 , and thus can be tried as adults ; a fifth is 15 and will also be charged .
They are accused of a range of offenses from simple assault to endangering the welfare of a child to tattooing without a license .
Advertisement
The victim was told that if he agreed to be tattooed without a fight , the upperclassmen would stop bullying him .
One of these winners , Blake VanNest ( not pictured here ) , evidently has a swastika tattooed on his chest .
He threatened the victim with sexual assault if he did n't cooperate .
When the police interviewed him , it was clear he did n't even know the victim 's real name — nor did the other perpetrators .
Tattoo Bullies Busted [ TSG ]
( Health.com ) --
Humans are hardwired to feel another person 's pain .
But they may feel less innate empathy if the other person 's skin color does n't match their own , a new study suggests .
When people say " I feel your pain , " they usually just mean that they understand what you 're going through .
But neuroscientists have discovered that we literally feel each other 's pain ( sort of ) .
If you see -- or even just think of -- a person who gets whacked in the foot , for instance , your nervous system responds as if you yourself had been hit in the same spot , even though you do n't perceive the pain physically .
Researchers in Italy are reporting that subtle racial bias can interfere with this process -- a finding with important implications for health care as well as social harmony .
Complete coverage : Black or white -- Kids on race
" Pain empathy is basically feeling someone else 's pain , " says Carmen Green , M.D. , a professor of anesthesiology at the University of Michigan , in Ann Arbor , who was not involved in the research .
" This paper tells us that race plays a role in pain empathy . "
In the study , which appears in the journal Current Biology , people of Italian and African descent watched short film clips that showed needles pricking black - and white - skinned hands .
As they watched , researchers measured the participants ' empathy ( i.e. , their nervous - system activity ) by monitoring sensors attached to the same spot on their hands .
They also tracked the participants ' heart rates and sweat - gland activity , a common measure of emotional response .
Readers : Children learn attitudes about race at home
" White observers reacted more to the pain of white than black models , and black observers reacted more to the pain of black than white models , " says the lead researcher , Alessio Avenanti , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Bologna .
The researchers also showed clips of a needle pricking a hand painted bright purple .
Both the Italian and African participants were more likely to empathize with this intentionally strange - looking hand than with the hand of another race , which implies that the earlier lack of empathy was due to skin color , not just difference .
" This is quite important , because it suggests that humans tend to empathize by default unless prejudice is at play , " says Avenanti .
The researchers gauged prejudice by testing the participants on how readily they associated good and bad concepts with Italians and Africans .
The people who showed a strong preference for their own group in this test also tended to show the least empathy when the hand belonging to the other group was needled , the researchers found .
Although the culture and history of racial bias is somewhat different in Italy than in the U.S. , Avenanti suspects the findings would be similar if the same experiment were conducted with Americans .
Empathy is more complex in the real world than in a laboratory .
Even so , the study findings suggest that racial differences and prejudice could play a role in some doctor - patient interactions , especially in the treatment of pain or chronic pain .
Health.com :
What to do when you disagree with your doctor
" A doctor with high racial bias may understand the pain of other - race patients in a more detached or disembodied manner and , in principle , this may contribute to the causes of racial disparities in health care , " Avenanti says .
Previous research has shown that doctors tend to empathize more with a patient 's pain -- and provide higher - quality care -- if they have a history of pain themselves , or if someone close to them has experienced chronic , debilitating pain , Dr. Green says .
" Now we are understanding that if you see someone as being more like you , you can empathize with their pain better , " she says .
" Race , age , gender , and class probably play a role in how we assess and treat patients with pain . "
So does that mean that , say , an African American with low back pain should seek out only doctors who are African American ?
Health.com : 10 products that help ease pain
Not necessarily .
Green says it 's more important to find a doctor who actively listens to you and asks questions .
" If you feel you are not heard , or that your pain complaints are not being taken seriously , you can and should see another doctor , " she says .
The animation giant has announced a sequel to the 2001 critical and box - office hit , one of a glut of followups and spin - offs heading for the multiplexes soon
After nearly a decade away , the furry freaks Sulley and Mike are to return to the task of not - really - frightening children .
Disney - Pixar has announced a sequel to Monsters Inc , the 2001 movie that became the eighth highest grossing animation of all time , taking $ 256 m ( £ 167 m ) .
The new film will appear in cinemas in November 2012 .
In the meantime , two other Disney - Pixar sequels will reach the screen – Toy Story 3 this summer and Cars 2 next year .
Sequels and spin - offs look set to dominate the animation market in the immediate future .
As well as the Disney - Pixar trio , DreamWorks premiered Shrek Forever After in 3D at the Tribeca film festival this week , and Antonio Banderas has confirmed that his Puss in Boots character is to get his own vehicle , due for release next year .
Shrek 2 , Shrek the Third and Shrek are , respectively , the No 1 , No 4 and No 6 grossing animations in history , taking a combined total of $ 1.03 bn .
Shrek Forever After , in which the green ogre is tricked by Rumpelstiltskin and finds himself in an alternate Far Far Away , is released in the UK on 9 July .
Two other animated sequels are also in production .
DreamWorks has a third Madagascar film slated for release in 2012 , while the Weinstein Company is working on a followup to Hoodwinked , the Red Riding Hood retelling that took $ 110 m worldwide against an estimated budget of only $ 15 m .
Bugs ai n't fun .
Except when they are .
This is the story of the greatest bug I never fixed .
In an earlier life I wrote addons for World of Warcraft .
Aside from being addicted to the game at the time , it was a mindblowing experience for someone obsessed with plugin architectures and the evolution of public APIs .
It was also a great excuse to learn Lua , which is a fun language .
One of the better addons a friend and I built during that period was FriendNet .
FriendNet helped to deal with the greatest challenge in the game : Finding people to play with who are n't dicks .
The addon took your in - game friend list and shared it with all your friends .
In return , they shared their friends with you .
As a result the number of people you could trust were n't dicks increased .
Because any form of network communication was forbidden by the addon API , we had to come up with a hack to distribute those friend lists .
What we did was serialize those lists into in - game chat messages and whisper them to the receiving player 's avatar .
Yes , years before your Mom discovered Facebook we were tunnelling social graphs over the chat channels of a virtual world .
We should have gotten funding .
Anyway , FriendNet did have some quality issues .
P2P applications are hard to get right , and you can't just make people upgrade every time you release a bugfix .
So we had all those different versions talking with each other , resulting in a lot of emergent behaviour and hard to reproduce bugs .
One bug was especially hard to pin down :
Once every few days FriendNet would encounter a corrupt message , resulting in parts of the addon GUI to be messed up .
We received enough bug reports to believe that the issue was real , but we could never reproduce the bug no matter how hard we tried .
It was the bug from hell .
Eventually we gave up , blamed it on a buggy API and moved on .
The solution came to me years after I stopped playing the game .
When I realized what had gone wrong , the light almost blinded me .
You know , your character can get drunk in World of Warcraft .
After drinking enough virtual booze , your screen will start to blur and your character will no longer move in straight lines .
Also when you type something into the chat like
Penelope says : I 'm so wasted
It will come out like this :
Penelope says : I 'm sho washted ... hic !
Because FriendNet serialized all of its communication into chat messages , it sent corrupted data whenever the broadcasting player was drunk .
FriendNet has long since disappeared from the addon sites you could once download it from .
I doubt it would even boot up in a current version of the game .
But even though I never got to fix that bug , I still remember it with fond amusement .
Deftones live from Dallas @ 5 pm PST / 8 pm EST , May 4th , 2010 @ http://ustream.tv/deftones will perform their new album Diamond Eyes front to back !
Ten years ago Deftones broke boundaries by being one of the first artists to broadcast a live show online on the day of their White Pony release .
With a new album , Diamond Eyes dropping on May 4th 2010 the band will do it again , but this time with crowd participation .
Before their live performance fans questions will be answered live on their release day at http://ustream.tv/deftones.
Due to prevailing privacy concerns , several Facebook members are thinking to quit the popular social networking site -- at least 60 % of them -- according to a latest survey conducted by IT security firm , Sophos .
In a poll of 1,588 Facebook users , it revealed that the extent of member concerns is over the network 's privacy settings .
The online survey showed that almost two thirds of Facebook users are considering leaving , with 16 % claiming to have already stopped using Facebook as a result of inadequate control over their data .
Only recently , Facebook has been criticized over changes on how it can share user data across its site and with other websites .
Sophos said concerns have centered on the complexity and the " opt- out " approach to sharing member information with wider networks .
Media reports suggest that Facebook is planning to announce changes to its privacy settings within the next few days , but it is unclear as to whether any changes will be substantial enough to address user concerns .
Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at Sophos , commented that the poll only shows that majority of users are " fed up " with the lack of control that Facebook gives users over their data .
" Most still do n't know how to set their Facebook privacy options safely , finding the whole system confusing , " Cluley said , adding what is needed is a fundamental shift towards asking users to " opt- in " to sharing information , rather than to " opt-out . "
In response to the criticisms of Facebook 's privacy policy , a number of campaigns , including a " Quit Facebook Day " have been launched to increase public awareness of the issues .
" A mass exodus from Facebook seems unlikely , but Facebook members are clearly getting more interested in knowing precisely who can view their data , " Cluley said .
He continued that " people use Facebook to share private information and are unlikely to want their holiday snaps or new mobile number accidentally popping up all over the internet .
With this survey showing that only 24 % of users are n't thinking about quitting , Facebook will need to make sure further changes to the privacy policy are clear , concise and in the interest of making it easier for members to know exactly who has access to whatever they chose to upload . "
During the online survey , Sophos asked Facebook users the question " Do you think you will quit Facebook over privacy concerns ? "
And the results varied from : Possibly , 30 % ; highly likely , 30 % ; already have , 16 % ; no , 12 % ; and do n't think likely at 12 % .
This story , " Study : 60 Percent of Facebook Users Mulling to Quit " was originally published by Computerworld Philippines .
BP 's Renegade Refinery after Explosion
Two refineries owned by oil giant BP account for 97 percent of all flagrant violations found in the refining industry by government safety inspectors over the past three years , a Center for Public Integrity analysis shows .
Most of BP ’s citations were classified as “ egregious willful ” by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and reflect alleged violations of a rule designed to prevent catastrophic events at refineries .
BP is battling a massive oil well spill in the Gulf of Mexico after an April 20 platform blast that killed 11 workers .
But the firm has been under intense OSHA scrutiny since its refinery in Texas City , Texas , exploded in March 2005 , killing 15 workers .
While continuing its probe in Texas City , OSHA launched a nationwide refinery inspection program in June 2007 in response to a series of fires , explosions , and chemical releases throughout the industry .
Refinery inspection data obtained by the Center under the Freedom of Information Act for OSHA ’s nationwide program and for the parallel Texas City inspection show that BP received a total of 862 citations between June 2007 and February 2010 for alleged violations at its refineries in Texas City and Toledo , Ohio .
Of those , 760 were classified as “ egregious willful ” and 69 were classified as “ willful . ”
Thirty of the BP citations were deemed “ serious ” and three were unclassified .
Virtually all of the citations were for alleged violations of OSHA ’s process safety management standard , a sweeping rule governing everything from storage of flammable liquids to emergency shutdown systems .
BP accounted for 829 of the 851 willful violations among all refiners cited by OSHA during the period analyzed by the Center .
Top OSHA officials told the Center in an interview that BP was cited for more egregious willful violations than other refiners because it failed to correct the types of problems that led to the 2005 Texas City accident even after OSHA pointed them out .
In Toledo , problems were corrected in one part of the refinery but went unaddressed in another .
Jordan Barab , deputy assistant secretary of labor for occupational safety and health , said it was clear that BP “ did n’t go nearly far enough ” to correct deficiencies after the 2005 blast .
“ The only thing you can conclude is that BP has a serious , systemic safety problem in their company , ” Barab said .
The head of OSHA , David Michaels , said the safety problems are n’t limited to BP .
“ We are very concerned about the commitment of the refining industry to worker health and safety , ” he said .
BP officials did not respond to requests for comment about the OSHA data .
According to the company ’s website , “ BP ’s commitment to safety begins at the most senior levels of our organization — with robust systems to implement , audit , report on and improve our performance …
Creating a safe and healthy working environment is essential for our success .
Since 1999 , injury rates and spills have reduced by approximately 75 percent . ”
BP Faces $ 90 Million in Fines
BP , which calls itself the country ’s largest oil and gas producer , operates five U.S. refineries that collectively process about 1.5 million barrels of crude oil per day .
Last October , OSHA proposed a record $ 87 million fine against the Texas City refinery .
The agency proposed a fine of $ 3 million against the Toledo refinery in March .
BP is contesting both penalties .
Separately , BP ’s Cherry Point refinery in Blaine , Wash . , was cited by state regulators for 13 serious violations earlier this month .
Penalties totaling $ 69,200 have been proposed .
These citations are not included in data analyzed by the Center .
No other oil company inspected by OSHA since June 2007 was even close to BP in the number of citations issued .
Sunoco Inc. was cited for 127 alleged violations , eight of which were willful .
ConocoPhillips Co. was cited for 119 , four of which were willful , and Citgo Petroleum Corp. for 101 , two of which were willful .
OSHA defines a willful violation as one “ committed with plain indifference to or intentional disregard for employee safety and health . ”
An egregious willful violation is considered so severe that it can result in a penalty each time a violation occurs , rather than a single penalty for all violations of a regulation .
A serious violation is described as one creating a “ substantial probability ” of death or serious injury .
OSHA can refer cases involving worker deaths and wanton disregard for safety rules to the Justice Department for criminal prosecution .
Under the nationwide program , OSHA has finished inspecting , or is in the process of inspecting , 55 refineries under federal OSHA jurisdiction , with 12 left to inspect .
Another 23 U.S. refineries are exempted because they participate in a voluntary program for employers that have agreed to adopt safety rules stricter than what OSHA requires .
Some inspections were performed by regulators in states such as Washington and California , which have their own worker safety programs .
There are 55 refineries in these states .
In a letter to refinery managers last year , OSHA ’s enforcement director , Richard Fairfax , wrote that in the previous 15 years , the refining industry had recorded “ more fatal or catastrophic incidents related to the release of highly hazardous chemicals … than any other industry sector covered by the [ process safety management ] standard . ”
OSHA inspectors , Fairfax wrote , were finding “ many of the same problems repeatedly . ”
A Troubled Industry
After the BP refinery in Texas City blew up on March 23 , 2005 , the U.S. Chemical Safety Board , an independent federal agency , concluded that the disaster was caused by “ organizational and safety deficiencies at all levels of the BP Corporation .
Warning signs of a possible disaster were present for several years , but company officials did not intervene effectively to prevent it . ”
Several other major incidents — including a pipe failure that caused $ 30 million in damage — occurred at the same BP refinery just months after the explosion , the safety board found .
An investigative panel chaired by former Secretary of State James Baker also documented management lapses and questionable cost - cutting at BP .
But the Baker panel ’s report added : “ We are under no illusion that deficiencies in process safety culture , management , or corporate oversight are limited to BP . ”
Indeed , on April 2 of this year , a fire at the Tesoro Corp. refinery in Anacortes , Washington , killed seven workers .
The cause of that accident has not been determined .
But Bill Hoyle , former manager of investigations for the safety board and chief investigator of the 2005 BP disaster , said it provides further evidence that the industry is cutting corners .
“ The industry across the board has process safety problems .
Fires and explosions and fatalities are continuing unabated .
Texas
City should have served as a wake - up call , but they did n’t wake up , ” Hoyle told the Center .
Now a safety consultant for the United Steelworkers , which represents about 30,000 refinery employees , Hoyle said the OSHA inspection program is “ a flash in the pan which looks at only a tiny percentage of each refinery — one or two process units . ”
He questioned its effectiveness , noting that the Tesoro refinery in Anacortes was cited in October 2008 for 17 serious process safety management violations , 14 of which were dropped after the company negotiated with the Washington State Department of Labor & Industries .
A proposed penalty of $ 85,700 was reduced to $ 12,250 .
Refineries are inherently dangerous places .
In the course of turning crude oil into gasoline , diesel , propane and other products , workers come in close contact with extremely flammable and toxic materials .
These materials are under high temperatures and pressures , creating fire and explosion hazards .
OSHA ’s process safety management standard requires refinery and chemical plant operators to have systems in place to identify and mitigate these hazards .
Kim Nibarger , a health and safety specialist with the Steelworkers , happened to be in Anacortes when the Tesoro refinery caught fire last month .
Six of the seven workers killed belonged to the union .
“ I was almost sick to my stomach , ” Nibarger said .
“ I thought , ‘ When is it going to stop ?
What ’s it going to take for this industry to wake up ? ’ ”
In his view , many of the problems in the industry can be traced to growing intervals between refinery “ turnarounds , ” when equipment is taken offline for cleaning , repair or replacement .
Not long ago , Nibarger said , turnarounds were scheduled every two to three years .
Now , as oil companies try to cut costs , it ’s every three to five years .
Gregory Scott , executive vice president of the National Petrochemical & Refiners Association , defended the industry .
“ Safety is the highest priority at our member plants , ” he told the Center .
Scott said the industry is developing uniform standards to improve process safety management at refineries .
“ Clearly , we ’re taking the steps to implement process safety metrics , ” he said .
“ Chastising the industry for not doing it earlier may or may not be accurate . ”
But OSHA ’s Barab said the refining industry group continues to treat calamities like those in Texas City and Anacortes as isolated incidents .
Refiners also point misleadingly to their industry ’s relatively low “ recordable ” illness and injury rates , which he says are not reliable predictors of catastrophic incidents .
Federal law requires employers to record and report all occupational deaths , injuries , and illnesses .
“ BP had a very low recordable injury and illness rate before they blew up the [ Texas City ] plant , ” Barab said .
If the industry persists in using such rates as a measure of overall safety , he said , “ It ’s hard to take their commitment seriously . ”
Jim Morris and M.B. Pell are correspondents for the Center for Public Integrity , from where this article is adapted .
Read a news story you did n’t like ?
See a news story you think really sucked ?
See any news product you believe represents a failure of the American news media ( no matter what your standards are and whether they ’re valid ) ?
Well , get your dander up and head on over to mediaFail and vote against that mediocrity .
There , the site says , you can “ Expose the Worst of American Media .
Find It. Post It. Fail It . ”
This site , a project of the highly respected media reform group Free Press , allows irritated readers and viewers to log in , post a link , give the story a failing grade and , lo , let the nasty comments flow .
Free Press bills this site as a route to a better media system .
I disagree .
Vehemently .
At mediaFail ‘s “ About ” page , Free Press defines itself thusly :
Free Press is a national , nonpartisan , nonprofit organization working to reform the media .
Through education , organizing and advocacy , we promote diverse and independent media ownership , strong public media , quality journalism , and universal access to communications . …
That ’s why Free Press was created .
We ’re working to make media reform a bona fide political issue in America .
Powerful telecommunications , cable and broadcasting companies have plenty of lobbyists to do their bidding .
We ’re making sure the public has a seat at the table , and we ’re building a movement to make sure the media serve the public interest .
[ emphasis added ]
In an interview with S&R , Josh Levy , the online campaign director for Free Press , described mediaFail as a strategic project to invite more people into the media reform movement .
The site is designed to put more of the public at the table .
That ’s a laudable goal , but this is n’t the best route to that end .
mediaFail represents an unfettered “ Wild West ” approach to media criticism .
It asks people to post bad stories ?
What is bad ?
Will posters understand the many reasons , and not always reporters ’ fault , for a story to be bad ?
The site urges posters to help fix the media .
Will there be some behind - the - scenes analysis of data provided ?
If so , by whom ?
Will some of the posted “ failed stories ” reflect ideological disagreement rather than factual disagreement ?
Will complaints about lack of coverage reflect that there are simply far fewer journalists than as little as five years ago ?
And will posters realize the increasingly fewer journalists left are paid less and have less experience but far more work to do because so few are left in newsrooms ?
And will all these folks complaining about “ failed ” stories be willing to dig into their wallets to pay for stories instead of assuming good journalism will continue to be produced at no cost to readers or viewers ?
The site explains itself , in part , as
MediaFAIL is a user - powered project of Free Press that exposes the worst in American media .
Just find a link , post it , fail it , and share it with friends .
The top-rated submissions will migrate to the site ’s front page for all the world to see .
We do n’t just want to give the media a failing grade — we want it to pass .
That ’s why we ’re featuring links to actions on important campaigns by Free Press and our allies , so that you can help build a better media system .
[ emphasis added ]
Lofty language , indeed .
But the site ’s apparent function is akin to piling on , to kicking a faltering drunk while he ’s down instead of offering a helping hand .
And mediaFail fails to articulate what a better media system would be .
Why not create a site that allows readers and viewers to post a great story that makes sense , that holds the powerful accountable , a story that helps readers and viewers understand how the world works and why it works that way ?
Why not ask people to post stories that are not failures so they can demand that the corporate managers hired skilled professionals in sufficient numbers and provide the needed resources to continue to produce good journalism ?
If would help , of course , if all those online critics would actually pay for the news they consume .
So why not create a site such as mediaPay ?
Use that to explore the psychology inherent in web readers and viewers ’ insistence that all information be free despite the costs that must be paid to produce journalism of consistently high quality .
Or mediaSchool ?
Lead discussion of the strengths and weaknesses of the nation ’s journalism programs .
What do they need to produce skilled , intelligent professionals who will provide information citizens , consumers and voters both want and need ?
Or mediaExperiment ?
Review the recent trends in new business models and methods of providing reporting of depth and quality .
Or mediaLocal ?
That ’s the heart of what ails journalism today .
Local newspapers in general , because of staffing cuts and other issues , do n’t produce the quantity or quality of reporting they did only a few years ago .
Free Press ’ mediaFail is little more than unrestrained media bashing .
If Free Press ’ stated goal for this site is to bring more folks into the media reform movement , then I ’m not sure I ’d like to be in that tent with some of these people .
Free Press has done extraordinary work on behalf of the public .
I applaud that .
But pull the plug on mediaFail .
Now .
It is not up to the laudable standards of Free Press as an activist organization .
Free Press ’ mission advocates education , but its mediaFail site is merely a highly flawed kindergarten .
A group of Japanese researchers , who are publishing their findings IOP Publishing 's Bioinspiration & Biomimetics , have succeeded n building a fully functional replica model -- an ornithopter -- of a swallowtail butterfly , and they have filmed their model butterfly flying .
Among the various types of butterflies , swallowtails are unique in that their wing area is very large relative to their body mass .
This combined with their overlapping fore wings means that their flapping frequency is comparatively low and their general wing motion severely restricted .
As a result , swallowtails ' ability to actively control the aerodynamic force of their wings is limited and their body motion is a passive reaction to the simple flapping motion , and not -- as common in other types of butterfly -- an active reaction to aerodynamics .
To prove that the swallowtail achieves forward flight with simple flapping motions , the researchers built a lifelike ornithopter in the same dimensions as the butterfly , copying the swallowtail 's distinct wing shape and the thin membranes and veins that cover its wings .
Using motion analysis software , the researchers were able to monitor the ornithopter 's aerodynamic performance , showing that flight can be realised with simple flapping motions without feedback control , a model which can be applied to future aerodynamic systems .
You can watch the video about the research on IOP 's YouTube channel at : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bcm4s1af56Q
USS George H.W. Bush Conducts First Missile Launch
All of the missiles used during the launch were telemetry missiles , which are live missiles that have the warheads replaced with data recovery technology used to gauge accuracy .
by Staff Writers
USS George H.W. Bush , At Sea ( SPX ) Jun 28 , 2010
USS George H.W. Bush ( CVN 77 ) successfully fired two Evolved NATO Sea Sparrow missiles and two Rolling Airframe Missiles ( RAM ) for the first time , to conclude its first Combat Systems Ship 's Qualification Trials ( CSSQT ) , June 23 .
CSSQT is part of the series of qualifications and certifications the aircraft carrier must undergo in preparation for her upcoming maiden deployment .
According to Combat Systems Officer , Cmdr. John B. Vliet , CSSQT is a combined effort between the Combat Systems , Operations and Weapons departments to test the aircraft carrier 's self - defense systems .
" It 's an end - to - end testing of the Combat Systems Suite , to include tactics , techniques , and procedures , " Vliet said .
" It 's an operational verification of the ship 's warfighting and self - defense capabilities .
Combat Systems with Operations department has worked around the clock for the last six months , grooming equipment and training for this exercise .
More than 200 personnel have directly or indirectly supported this evolution . "
Of those 200 - plus personnel , two of the most directly involved were Fire Controlman 2nd Class ( SW / AW ) Ezekiel S. Ramirez , work center supervisor for the Evolved NATO Sea Sparrow Surface Missile System , and Fire Controlman 2nd Class ( SW / AW ) Ryan P. McWilliams , work center supervisor for the RAM system .
The Evolved NATO Sea Sparrow missile is a semi-active missile that requires feed from directors to locate its target , and the RAM is a passive missile , meaning the missile uses built - in sensors to home in on targets .
All of the missiles used during the launch were telemetry missiles , which are live missiles that have the warheads replaced with data recovery technology used to gauge accuracy .
Ramirez and McWilliams , on board experts for the missile systems , said that the launch was the culmination of months of hard work and preparation that included more than 40 maintenance checks , going aloft to fix radar , multiple pre-fire checks , and 21 " detect - to - engage " pre-fire drills .
" We 've been preparing for this evolution ever since the ship left the shipyard and we took ownership of the system , " said McWilliams .
" This was one of the hardest evolutions Combat Systems department will have to do during the existence of this aircraft carrier . "
Prior to the launch , Ramirez and McWilliams were responsible for loading the two launchers for each system .
" The NATO Sea Sparrow Missile system holds eight missiles in each launcher and the RAM uses 21 missiles in each launcher , " said Ramirez .
" It 's a lot of work for one launch , but when we deploy we will have to load a total of 58 missiles . "
Ramirez stressed the significance of the successful missile fire , what it meant for the entire command , and for the small group of 14 Sailors directly involved with operation of the missile systems .
" It 's a pretty a big accomplishment , " he said .
" We are the aircraft carrier 's first and last line of defense .
This test is the way we prove that the self - defense systems work .
We 're finally doing our job . "
Directing the crew in the Combat Direction Center ( CDC ) were the Blue and Gold team Tactical Action Officers ( TAO ) , Lt. Chris Caton and Lt. Jeff Moen of the Operations department .
The CDC Officer Cmdr. Les Spanheimer credits proactive tactical leadership and outstanding teamwork with the successful missile test .
" Lt. Caton began training our tactical watchstanders with live aircraft while the ship was still being outfitted in the shipyards , " said Spanheimer .
" That proactive tactical development combined with a perfectly groomed weapons system helped us demonstrate today how very capable this ship is . "
" The test involved two watch teams made up of 13 to 15 people , " Caton said .
" During the exercise the watch teams are responsible for communicating with Range Control , tracking and data - linking the targets and engaging those threats when they enter our engagement envelope .
We 've been preparing for this for well over a year , putting in long hours . "
Fire Controlman 1st Class ( SW / AW ) John L. Rodriguez - Hardy and Fire Controlman 2nd Class ( SW ) Jason E. Pugh , members of the Gold Team , said the reason for two watch teams was to create two unique scenarios for each missile system .
They said that the watch teams acted as the communications link between combat systems and the weapons systems .
Rodriguez - Hardy and Pugh described the long hours of preparation that went into their pivotal roles in the evolution .
" We 've performed more than 80 hours of pre-fire maintenance on all weapons systems , 40 hours of system testing and 20 hours in briefs and debriefs , " said Rodriguez - Hardy , the defense weapons coordinator for the Gold Team .
" It 's a big stress relief to know that we 're capable of defense , " he added .
Pugh , the Gold Team NATO supervisor 's console operator , noted that the success also had an impact on the morale of the operators and crew .
" This test makes or breaks the defense mentality of the entire ship , " he said .
" It 's the first step in a trust - building foundation , between the systems operators and the rest of the crew . "
The lengthy systems certification process , which involved weapons onload and system approval from Carrier Strike Group 2 and the Board of Inspection and Survey ( INSURV ) , directly involved the aircraft carrier 's Weapons department .
According to Aviation Ordnanceman 1st Class ( AW / SW ) Chris J. Morrison of Weapons department , the certification involved every member of the Weapons Inventory Control .
" We had to verify and requisition the exact missiles being used in the launch , " he said .
" Once missiles were on board , we were responsible for turning them over to Combat Systems personnel .
From there we inspected , stowed and moved the missiles to the launchers . "
In addition to all the preparation that went into the test , Vliet described how the systems operators had to be fully prepared to handle any situation .
" The operators and technical experts have got to be ready and fully understand all of the dud and misfire procedures in the event of an equipment or missile casualty , " Morrison said .
Ramirez reaffirmed the team 's readiness with confidence .
" We 're fully trained and capable to handle misfires , " he said .
" We 're ready no matter what happens .
We are here to defend the ship .
We 're ready and willing to do our job . "
Last year , actress Sally Dynevor , who plays Sally Webster in Coronation Street , was told her character would be diagnosed with breast cancer .
Just as she was preparing the first scenes of the storyline , she found a lump and was soon diagnosed herself with breast cancer .
Here , for the BBC video series Cause Celeb , she describes how Coronation Street literally saved her life .
" I 'm so glad that story was given to me because there 's absolutely no way I would have had that tiny little lump checked out . "
Have you been arrested ?
If so , do not sit back and wait for your charges to blow over .
Take the proper steps to ensure your rights are properly represented .
At Emkey Law Firm , you will receive the individualized attention and tenacious advocacy that you require in order to combat your charges .
The moment you walk through our firms doors , we will do everything within our power to help you obtain the peace of mind you deserve .
Our attorney will review your case , inform you of your rights , and personally walk with you every step of the way .
We will not treat your case as just another number .
We will not hand your case off to a paralegal or legal assistant .
Our Reading criminal defense attorney will be your primary point of contact every step of the way .
" I was shocked that it was this one - sided and I was really disappointed that these guys came with their , their , Eurotrash game .
There was just no heart , no guts , no nothing there to back it up . " --
Mike Milbury on CNBC , following Russia 's 1 - 7 loss to Canada in the 2010 Winter Olympic Games .
While most hockey analysts considered Milbury 's comments to be over the board for live TV coverage , this stereotype voiced by Milbury did not surprise any seasoned hockey fans .
This notion that Europeans that play in the NHL play without heart or guts has been around for a while .
While Doug Wilson never stated it publicly , it is no secret that Sharks ' general manager may be one of those believers in that notion .
Since he 's been at the helm as a GM , he drafted 42 players that are not goalies . *
Out of those 42 , just 7 were Europeans .
After drafting Milan Michalek and Marcel Goc in his first NHL entry draft , Doug Wilson decided to no longer pursue that route , and in the following six drafts , he selected just four European players .
* For purposes of our analysis today , we 're going to ignore goaltenders , because they play a very different role in the game of hockey .
The question is , does the statistical history of the past NHL champions confirm that the teams must be built on North American players to have " the heart and the guts " to compete in NHL playoffs ?
Actually , when we look at the numbers , the picture we see is quite the opposite .
For my sample , I took the last 15 Stanley Cup champions rosters .
I first grouped the players into three categories ( Europeans , Americans and Canadians ) to calculate the percentage of Europeans versus Americans and Canadians on these championship teams .
Second , I looked at the percentage of playoffs goals and points for Europeans , Americans and Canadians playing for their respective teams .
Third , I calculated the points contribution per European vs per American and Canadian .
The key finding of my study was that out of the past 15 Stanley Cup champions ( beginning with last year 's Penguins and ending with ' 94 Rangers ) , only five teams won through predominantly North American players influence .
The other 10 teams had to rely heavily on the offensive production of their European players to advance in playoffs and win the Stanley Cup .
I was going to post a chart here in this article , but I could not find a way to simplify a display of so many variables , so instead , I am posting an Excel spreadsheet you can download ( link ) .
Below are the other findings from my numbers crunching .
Contribution of points per category of players was the highest for European players on 10 out of the 15 championship teams , with the highest two being Red Wings team from 2008 ( 15 points per European on average , and 80 % of all points in playoffs by European players ) and Avalanche team from 1996 ( 21 points per European , and 36 % of all points with only five Europeans on the roster ) .
In other words , Europeans outperformed Canadians and Americans in points - per - playoffs run 10 times out of 15 .
Only three teams out of 15 did not have a European as one of the top 3 player in scoring on the team - Hurricanes in 2006 , Devils in 2003 and Stars in 1999 .
The percentage of all points scored by Europeans for the four Detroit championship teams are as follows , beginning with the most recent one - 77 % , 40 % , 41 % , 43 % .
The percentages of Europeans on those teams were 47 % , 42 % , 31 % , 38 % .
The most Canadian team in that stretch of time was Anaheim Ducks of 2007 ( 69 % of all players were Canadian ) .
The most European was Detroit Red Wings of 2008 ( 47 % ) .
The most American team - Devils of 1995 ( 45 % ) .
I 'd love to see Mike Milbury tell Evgeni Malkin or Henrik Zetterberg or SergeI Fedorov or Peter Forsberg that they have no heart or guts .
How does this all apply to the current Sharks squad ?
The club that Doug Wilson built since he 's been a general manager of the Sharks is dominated by North American players .
Of the 30 players that have played for the Sharks this year , only two are European - Douglas Murray and Niclas Wallin .
Nine are American , and 19 are Canadian .
This is the team that Doug Wilson assembled , and if numbers tell us anything , they show that Wilson believes that he needs Canadians and Americans to compete for the Stanley Cup .
As we pointed already , this is not just Doug Wilson 's short terms strategy .
Since this is also how he 's been drafting young prospect , this is how he sees the future of this club long term .
Only the Hurricanes , the Lightning , and two Devils teams from 2003 and 2005 won the Cup without a major European influence on their rosters .
My concern is that this current Sharks team plays a very different kind of hockey than the Hurricanes or the Devils .
Doug Wilson has been preaching from the beginning that he wants the Sharks to play like the Red Wings .
He even went out and hired Todd McLellan from Detroit who arrived with the mission to implement Detroit 's system .
This is what McLellan said shortly after he arrived to San Jose :
There are a lot of things I brought over from Detroit .
There are no secrets to anyone watching the game , we are trying to play that way .
Thus far , in almost two seasons of McLellan being here , the puck possession system has not worked as consistently as the coaches would have hoped .
I have not seen too much of puck possession in action since the Olympic break .
The Sharks also struggled against other puck possession teams , Detroit and Chicago .
To be fair , it did take Scotty Bowman more than one season to implement his system in Detroit , as they struggled to win in playoffs in the first half of the 90s .
But one of the key elements was to bring in the right people for that job , and for Scotty Bowman , that meant bringing a lot of Russians who grew up playing this style of the game .
As Russian well dried up over the years , Detroit became Team Sweden 's training camp and today they remain one of most European teams in the league .
Besides knowing how to control the puck without dumping and chasing the puck , Europeans bring skills to the table .
While we talk a lot about the heart and the grit around here , not much is being said about the Sharks lacking pure skills players .
Rangers had Kovalev , Red Wings had Sergei Fedorov and Pavel Datsyuk .
The Avs had Peter Forsberg and Milan Hejduk and even the Ducks had Sellane .
Even the Sharks during their most successful playoffs run in 2004 had that player on their roster in Alexander Korolyuk .
It 's those kind of players that can enter the zone on their own without dumping the puck in .
It is those kind of players who can take the puck , skate past several players and score a highlight reel goal .
Once again , the games have to be played before we know the outcome of this season .
But besides being Todd McLellan 's team , or Joe Thornton 's team , or Dan Boyle team , the Sharks are also Doug Wilson 's team and he bears just as much responsibility for the results as anyone else .
This is the mix of the players he assembled for another Stanley Cup run .
Whether it is the right mix of nationalities and skills or not , Doug Wilson made his bet .
Either way , the mix of players is just one of many things by which his work will be judged when this season is over .
What would be the last wish of a 19 - year - old with cancer ?
A big " phat " going away party .
That 's what Ethan Mills of Tempe wanted more than anything - to see his family , friends and supporters all having a good time and make good memories .
So last Saturday , between 4 and 9 p.m. , more than 400 people gathered on the basketball courts and fields of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Elementary School in Tempe for food , activities and live music , but most of all to celebrate Ethan 's life .
Ethan's one biggest worry , according to his eldest brother , Luke , was to make sure that everyone " had the best time they possibly could - that 's how important it was to him . "
Ethan 's father and a few other volunteers were on duty to enforce the " no cry zone " policy and remind everyone it was to be a joyous event and not a time to be sad .
Ethan , who graduated from McClintock High School in May 2009 , has beaten cancer before .
Even now , after doctors told him he has a mere few months to live , he always offers a bright , shining smile and a thumbs - up when asked how he 's doing .
Ethan 's first battle against cancer began when he was 3 .
At that time , the Mills family turned down an offer from the Make - A - Wish Foundation , an organization that grants one wish of children with terminal diseases , because they just wanted to focus on being grateful for their time with him .
After a year of chemotherapy and radiation and surgery to remove one of his kidneys and a golf - ball - sized piece of a lung , Ethan entered remission .
But now , 15 years later , Ethan 's cancer has returned and his chances of survival have grown dimmer .
His family asked Ethan to make one last wish .
However , Make - A - Wish cannot grant wishes for those older than 18 .
So when Ethan said he wanted the biggest and " phattest " party in town , his friends and family got to work .
Neighbor Tom Castellanos began planning and fundraising to create what became " Ethan Mills Big Phat Going Away Party . "
All guests , students , adults and children , were welcomed with a dozen activities , including free T - shirts to tie - dye , a table to write letters to Ethan , pi�ata bashing , a moon bounce , a water slide and live music .
The party paid tribute to Ethan 's life not only in its purpose but also in its audience .
Dozens of communities were represented in the crowds of people who entered the school 's gates to pay homage .
Students from Valley schools joined visitors from California and New York .
Phone calls and letters arrived ahead of time for Ethan from supporters in China , New Zealand and Canada .
One note that stuck out among the hundreds the family received was from the sibling of a Tempe Sister Cities delegate .
The note said , " If every person could live one day that way you live every day of your life , the world would be a happier place .
God bless you . "
Luke said people often use the word " inspirational " to describe his younger brother , but the 22 - year - old said that that word does n't describe what Ethan has accomplished .
Ethan was diagnosed in June 2009 , one month after his high school graduation , with fibrosarcoma .
The Mills family said his doctors described it as a rare form of cancer that does n't respond well to radiation .
Ethan had been experiencing pain in his left arm and a slightly sagging right eye .
At first , everyone attributed the pain to his high school varsity volleyball career , which had just ended that spring .
But Ethan looked elsewhere for an explanation .
Luke said Ethan used an iPod app to self - diagnose the presence of a tumor .
Ethan was scheduled to leave on a trip to Ireland that month as an ambassador for Tempe Sister Cities , a non-profit organization that sends students on summer - exchange programs .
Instead , he went to Phoenix Children 's Hospital for a checkup , and doctors found a tumor in his upper right chest that was pinching the nerves to his eye and left arm .
Doctors told the family that if Ethan had left on that trip , he would not have survived .
Ethan spent June through September at Phoenix Children 's Hospital and has spent countless hours since then in and out of the hospital fighting his cancer with chemotherapy .
" This kid has done nothing but fight this last year , " Ethan 's mother , Nancy , said .
And the day of the party was no exception .
Although Ethan rested in a cooled tent and watched the activity outside , he continued to wish everyone a good time .
As the evening came to a close , Ethan took the microphone .
After his closing remarks , he was taken to a standby vehicle to go home .
As soon as the door was closed , his family laughed as he rested his head back , let out a big sigh and said , " Well , that went well . "
Every Individual whose gross total income is more than the Basic Exemption limit is required to file Income Tax Return , even if there is no tax due pending .
– Section 139(1 ) Basic Exemption Limit for Financial year : 2019 - 2020 Resident Individuals above the age of 80 years Rs.5,00,000 /- Resident Individuals above the age of 60 years Rs.3,00,000 / - Other Individuals Rs.2,50,000 /-
Irrespective of the basic exemption limit , if during the year , you – a ) Paid Electricity Bill more than 50,000 / - during the year ; or
b ) owning a residential house exceeding the specified floor area ; or
c ) are owning a motor vehicle ( other than two - wheeler ) ; or
d ) have travelled to any foreign country ; or
e ) hold a Credit card issued by any bank or institution or
f ) are member of a club where entrance fees is more than 25,000 / - you are mandated to file an Income Tax Return , even though you may not have any taxable income .
- Proviso to Section 139( 1 ) .
It is mandatory to file your Income Tax Return , if you have any Foreign Assets , even though you may not have any taxable income .
If you have a refund due , you need to file your Income Tax Return , to claim this refund .
Income Tax Return is essential for making any investment and goes to prove that you have a valid source of income to make such investment .
When you file Income Tax Return , you create your Financial Record with Tax department .
This financial / tax history is positively viewed and favourably used by most agencies with whom you may need to interact , such as when you avail any kind of loan ( home , personal , vehicle loan ) or when you apply for VISA , etc .
Note : OK , it cooks in less than 15 minutes , it ’s got almost no fat and it tastes really wonderful .
What ’s the catch ?
We ’re still looking for one .
This recipe is from Nirmala Kripanarayanan , who comes from Southern India .
It ’s an example of Hindu vegetarian cooking at its best .
You can sometimes find it on the menu at India ’s Tandoori , a restaurant in West Los Angeles that Kripanarayanan and her family run .
2 1/4 teaspoons oil1 / 2 teaspoon mustard seeds1 / 2 teaspoon cumin seeds1 tablespoon split , peeled urad dal1 onion , chopped4 jalapeno chiles , chopped1 stalk curry leaves1 teaspoon turmeric1 pound green beans , cut crosswise in thin slices 1 / 4 coconut , grated2 teaspoons saltChopped cilantro
Heat oil in skillet .
Add mustard and cumin seeds .
When mustard seeds pop , add dal , onion and jalapenos .
Cook until onion is tender - crisp .
Add curry leaves and turmeric and cook briefly .
Add green beans and stir to mix with seasonings .
Add coconut and continue to stir .
Add salt and cook 5 to 7 minutes , stirring .
Beans should be slightly crisp .
Check seasoning .
Serve garnished with cilantro .
Makes 8 servings .
Each serving contains about :49 calories ; 594 mg sodium ; 0 cholesterol ; 2 grams fat ; 7 grams carbohydrates ; 2 grams protein ; 1 gram fiber .
Here you see , in embryonic form , the future of privatized “ corporate law enforcement . ”
I ’m not faulting the reporter for his prudence but I think I would have walked past these gaily dressed rent - a - goons and forced them to physically stop me .
I ’d like to take that one to court .
The beach bouncers in the video are employed by Talon Security of Sacramento , California .
Talon Security is a firm headed by Donald Bacchi , billed on their site as having retired from the Sacramento County Sheriff ’s Department after thirty years with the rank of Sergeant .
Hmm … after thirty years one might expect a loftier rank .
Bob Higgins
The World from Berlin ' Politicans Have Rolled Right over Europe 's Central Bankers '
The European Central Bank announced its decision Monday to accept junk bonds from Greece as collateral for massive EU aid .
German commentators on Tuesday lambast the bank for abandoning its principles and bending to political pressure .
More than two dozen class action lawsuits have been filed after the explosion against BP PLC , the British company that leased the Deepwater Horizon rig , against the rig 's owner , Transocean Ltd. and against Halliburton .
BP is " taking full responsibility " for the spill and will pay for legitimate claims by affected parties , company spokeswoman Sheila Williams said .
In a statement Friday , Halliburton said " it is premature and irresponsible to speculate on any specific causal issues . "
The company had four employees stationed on the rig at the time of the accident , all of whom were rescued by the Coast Guard .
" Halliburton had completed the cementing of the final production casing string in accordance with the well design , " it said . "
The cement slurry design was consistent with that utilized in other similar applications .
In accordance with accepted industry practice ... tests demonstrating the integrity of the production casing string were completed . "
In a letter to to Halliburton Chief Executive David J. Lesar on Friday , Rep. Henry A. Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce , and Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations , called on Halliburton officials to provide all documents relating to " the possibility or risk of an explosion or blowout at the Deepwater Horizon rig and the status , adequacy , quality , monitoring , and inspection of the cementing work " by May 7 .
Investigators delving into the possible cause of the massive gulf oil spill are focusing on the role of Houston - based Halliburton Co . , the giant energy services company , which was responsible for cementing the drill into place below the water .
The company acknowledged Friday that it had completed the final cementing of the oil well and pipe just 20 hours before the blowout last week .
Cement is used at two stages of the deep - water drilling process .
It is used to fill gaps between the well pipe and the hole drilled into the seabed so as to prevent any seepage of oil and gas .
And it is used to temporarily plug an exploration hole before production begins .
At the time of the accident , the Halliburton statement said , " well operations had not yet reached the point requiring the placement of the final cement plug which would enable the planned temporary abandonment of the well . "
Experts say cementing is a basic part of drilling , exploration and production of oil on the sea floor .
Drill ships or rigs plant large pipes called " conductors " on the sea floor , and casings , or nested pipes , are placed inside of them .
The pipes are fixed in place by cement , some hanging inside other pipes , and a drill string is run down a casing , and extended to the sea floor to bore holes .
Mud works its way back up the pipes and the “ riser , ” a pipe that connects the drill site to the ship or rig above .
Or oil is brought up .
Cement fixes the operations in place .
Cement may also be used to plug a well , pumped down the string until it comes up on the sides , and stops the hole .
Cementing a deep - water drilling operation is a process fraught with danger .
A 2007 study by the U.S. Minerals Management Service found that cementing was the single most important factor in 18 of 39 well blowouts in the Gulf of Mexico over a 14 - year period -- more than equipment malfunction .
Halliburton has been accused of a poor cement job in the case of a major blowout in the Timor Sea off Australia last August .
An investigation is underway .
According to experts cited in Friday 's Wall St. Journal , the timing of last week 's cement job in relation to the explosion -- only 20 hours beforehand , and the history of cement problems in other blowouts " point to it as a possible culprit . "
Robert MacKenzie , managing director of energy and natural resources at FBR Capital Markets and a former cementing engineer , told the Journal , " The initial likely cause of gas coming to the surface had something to do with the cement . "
In its statement , the company said , " Halliburton originated oilfield cementing and leads the world in effective , efficient delivery of zonal isolation and engineering for the life of the well , conducting thousands of successful well cementing jobs each year . "
The company , which was once headed by former Vice President Dick Cheney , has been in the media spotlight before -- under under fire in recent years for its operations as a private contractor in Iraq .
-- Margot Roosevelt and Jill Leovy
Photo : The Halliburton sign adorns a machine at a site in Rulison , Colo .
Credit : David Zalubowski/AP
I ’m starting to think that maybe we just out to change the name of this blog to “ Bryan Fischer Watch ” since it seems that so many of our posts lately are dedicated to nothing more than chronicling the endless stream of insanity spewed by the AFA ’s Bryan Fischer .
For instance , yesterday Fischer responded to news that BP is creating a $ 20 billion escrow account to cover damages from the Golf oil spill by attacking President Obama as a “ fascist dictator ” :
Now ladies and gentleman , what you are about to hear are the words of a fascist .
These are the words of a fascist dictator .
That ’s the definition of fascism , and this is not even an American company .
He is acting as as a fascist with companies that are n’t even American companies .
Now what fascism is is when the government allows industry to stay in private hands , but tells it exactly how to run its business .
And remember the President ’s been a fascist … he says “ I ’ve been a fascist from day one .
They ca n’t blow their nose without asking permission from me , they ca n’t clean the wax out of their ears unless they get a sign - off from me . ”
That ’s what fascist dictators do !
Now what President Obama is going to say in this clip is the words of a fascist dictator .
Let ’s listen .
[ Clip of President Obama : Tomorrow , I will meet with the chairman of BP and inform him that he is to set aside whatever resources are required to compensate the workers and business owners who have been harmed as a result of his company ’s recklessness .
And this fund will not be controlled by BP .
In order to ensure that all legitimate claims are paid out in a fair and timely manner , the account must and will be administered by an independent third party . ]
Now ladies and gentlemen , this , this is , this is , and I ’m looking around for the right word here , this is completely unamerican .
This is beyond the pale .
I mean , this is fascism , this is a dictator in action .
Property Power is a very experienced Letting Agent specialising in residential lettings and property management in Northampton and the surrounding villages .
We are a family run business priding ourselves on our ethical approach to property marketing and dealing with every client in a friendly yet efficient manner .
We are a well recognised and reputable agent in Northampton with a local based office allowing us to reach out to the local property market with ease and efficiency meaning that you are safe in the knowledge that your property is in good hands .
Property Power offers a wide range of services and expert advice on all property related fields , and excellent customer services to all .
Our website is updated daily to bring you the latest quality homes to rent .
We hope you find this site informative but do please get in touch if you have any questions .
We look forward to welcoming you as another of our delighted customers !
I come up with some new unwritten laws of life , on everything from smoking to creativity to strollers in airports .
Yesterday , I was leafing through a book I ’d received as a gift a while back .
It ’s called Unwritten Laws : The Unofficial Rules of Life and features hundreds of famous and not - so - famous laws like Cameron ’s Rule of Etiquette ( “ You scratch my back , I ’ll scratch yours ” ) or Parkinson ’s Law ( “ Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion . ” )
And as I read through , I decided I wanted to take my own crack at writing up some of my own .
Here are my 11 original contributions to the unofficial , unwritten laws of life .
( Which , ya know , are no longer unwritten since I ’m writing them down , but whatever , it ’s an idiom . )
1 | When a single woman decides she wants to get married ASAP , her next boyfriend will be far goofier looking than her ex
I ’m yet to find a case where this is n’t true .
Keeping in mind that the new boyfriend does n’t necessarily have to be bad looking … just goofier than the last guy .
2 | The number of higher - ups involved in the creative process is inversely proportional to the quality of the output
In every experience I ’ve ever witnessed , the world ’s most brilliant ideas all come from one person ’s unique point of view .
There ’s nothing that ruins something brilliant like a half a dozen bosses each throwing in their changes .
“ I ’m just spitballing here , but how funny would it be if the character walked into a 7 - Eleven and he could n’t understand what the guy behind the counter was saying in a thick Indian accent .
And he keeps thinking that the guy is gay but he really is n’t !
Then he gets so frustrated that he farts ! ”
3 | No place on Earth has a higher concentration of smokers than an AA meeting
Nowhere .
4 | No matter how amazing a city is on vacation , if you move there it just becomes the place where you watch TV
We ’ve all had the moment where we went on an amazing vacation and seriously considered moving to that city .
Some people even pull the trigger .
Unfortunately , that action - packed week vacation is a trick — all the hotspots , all the scenery , all the food , all the people were novel and you did n’t have to work , watch your diet or pay any bills .
Eventually , it just becomes your home .
I ’ve been in Los Angeles almost nine years .
Every single friend I ’ve ever had here has , at some point , said to me , “ Man , I really need to get to the beach more often . ”
5 | No matter how good you are at a video game , there ’s someone out there who ’s exponentially better
I always suspected this , but learned it definitively after I had ACL replacement surgery last year and , couch - ridden , I played Dr. Mario against other random people across the Wii universe .
I can beat everyone I ’ve ever met in Dr. Mario .
The people online absolutely murdered me .
6 | Even though you ’re disappointed , it ’s ultimately a great sign about your character that you did n’t get cast on that reality show
You do n’t want to be a reality show - worthy type .
7 | You do n’t have to worry about your kid going goth unless he is under 130 pounds or over 240
Frankly , I ’m surprised Hot Topic sells clothes in any size that is n’t XXS or XXL .
8 | A politician ’s passion towards anti-gay rights legislation is directly proportional to his odds of being caught having gay sex in a public bathroom
Whenever you see a headline that a politician got caught cheating on his wife with a man , you can guarantee about five paragraphs into the article it ’ll discuss how he authored legislation against gay marriage .
9 | Either all of the Cheez - Its are left in the box or none are
No where in this world does a half - full box of Cheez - Its exist .
10 | Unfortunately for all , the amount of TV news programming now vastly exceeds the amount of news
There ’s one hour ’s worth of news a day : 30 local , 30 national .
Everything else is just pundits screaming , hoping to be loud and contrarian enough to get their own show and / or seven - figure book advance .
11 | If given the choice between waiting in two airport security lines , the one you choose will move slower … unless there ’s a family with kids in the other line , then that one will move slower
An axiom to this :
You can substitute “ an over - 50 couple , neither of whom speaks English ” for the family with kids .
A second axiom :
If the family with kids has greater than 0.5 strollers with them , everyone behind them will miss their flights .
—
You may also like …
11 Surprising Insights About Being Kidnapped
11 Most Taboo Subjects For Polite Dinner Parties
11 Most Common Embarrassing Moments ( and How to Avoid Them )
11 State Laws About Marrying Your Cousins , From Strictest to Loosest
The 11 Most Boring Things in Life ( According to Science , and According to Me )
A Gunn High student was arrested Thursday afternoon after he brought an Airsoft pellet gun to school , sparking campus - wide alarm that resulted in a 45 - minute lockdown , Palo Alto police said .
Two students were spotted entering the campus parking lot in a convertible , with one holding the pellet gun on his lap , police said .
After a dramatic search , police detained the young men , arresting 18 - year - old Weston Healy .
The Airsoft gun , which closely resembles an actual firearm and shoots small , plastic pellets , was found in the convertible ’s trunk .
“ I believe the suspect said he made a poor decision , ” Palo Alto police Officer Marianna Villaescusa said .
Police were called at 2 p.m. by a Palo Alto city employee who saw a young man sitting in the passenger seat of the convertible with what looked like a rifle on his lap , Villaescusa said .
Classes had just let out for the day and students were packing up or walking down the school ’s hallways when a “ code red ” lockdown was announced over the loudspeaker and teachers called them back inside .
“ They just said , ‘ This is a code red or something , this is not a drill , ’ ” 15 - year - old sophomore Taylor Aguon said .
“ I was just kind of pulled into a classroom , ” 16 - year - old sophomore Ellyssa Wong added .
“ My friend like dragged me . ”
The teachers barricaded the doors with classroom furniture , Villaescusa said .
Anne Sommer , a 15 - year - old freshman , said they did n’t have time to cover the windows in her science classroom , so students hid beneath lab tables .
“ It was just kind of a surprise at first because we thought it was a drill , ” Anne said .
“ Then we realized they were actually being really serious . ”
As police were tracking down more information , a person called from nearby Los Robles Avenue to report hearing gunshots .
Police also got a call from a student ’s mother , who said her daughter was being held at gunpoint inside a classroom , Villaescusa said .
At that point , the department called Mountain View , Sunnyvale and Los Gatos police for backup .
The Stanford University Department of Public Safety was already helping .
“ We err on the side of safety , ” Villaescusa said .
“ We treat everything 100 percent like it ’s real . ”
The registered owner of the vehicle was able to help police identify the students , Villaescusa said .
Gunn Assistant Principal Phil Winston helped officers find them in a classroom , she said .
In addition to the Airsoft gun , police found two face masks , a shovel with a 4 - inch pick , a hatchet with a removable saw , and a military - style knife with a 7 - inch blade in the car .
“ All in all , things worked out really well for all involved , ” Villaescusa said .
“ Nobody was hurt and the system worked the way it is supposed to . ”
Police also found the girl whose mother reported she was being held at gunpoint , and briefly detained the girl before she explained it was a miscommunication .
She told her mother the school was on lockdown and her mother misunderstood .
The girl was handcuffed “ for less than one minute , ” Villaescusa said .
“ We did n’t know if she was involved or if she was part of what was going on , ” Villaescusa said .
It was unclear Thursday afternoon what disciplinary action Healy could face from either the school or the city .
Possessing an Airsoft gun in public is a municipal code violation in Palo Alto ; Healy was arrested on suspicion of possessing a weapon on a school campus and booked into Santa Clara County jail .
As of Thursday evening , Healy was still in custody , his bail set at $ 10,000 , according to jail spokesman Mark Cursi .
District officials could not be reached for comment .
Gunn Assistant Principal Kimberley Cowell sent an e-mail to parents around 3:20 p.m. , explaining that “ Gunn experienced a Code Red as a safety precaution .
“ At no time were students or staff in danger , ” the message read .
“ Students and staff did an excellent job of following the Code Red procedure and the Palo Alto Police Department ’s response was immediate and extremely effective . ”
Students said rumors were flying and there were “ 20 different stories ” about what had happened and who was responsible .
The experience was “ pretty intense , ” sophomore Taylor said .
“ I kept thinking of the worst case , ” she said .
E-mail Diana Samuels at dsamuels@dailynewsgroup.com .
Position : Center
Age : 17
Date of Birth : July 17 , 1992
Place of Birth : Blaine , MN
Height : 6 ' 5 " Weight : 190 lb
Shoots : Right
The 2010 Mr. Hockey for the Division 2A level in Minnesota , Bjugstad is the nephew of former Minnesota Northstars forward Scott Bjugstad .
A big , smooth skater with a powerful shot , Bjugstad seems to be pushing himself as hard as possible both on and off the ice to succeed , even loading up on as many AP classes as possible in his junior year of high school so he could qualify for an accelerated graduation to attend Minnesota next year , where he has committed to play for the Golden Gophers .
The biggest weakness in his game is that he still has n't filled out enough to put a physical edge onto his game , but as he develops it 's likely to come along .
The team that drafts him is likely to leave him to develop in the NCAA and hope that all the pieces will come together to make a dangerous power forward .
2009 /2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 28 35 34 69 N/A N/
A
Scouting Report ( The Scouting Report )
Bjugstad moves very well for a big man and can really break down a defense with his speed and skill .
He also competes hard on a consistent basis , and once he fills out his lanky frame , he could add a valuable physical dimension to his game .
The Pipeline Show
The most common words used to describe him from coaches and scouts I 've talked to , are humble , character and skill .
Not a bad overall package ... patterns his game after Joe Thornton
Why He'd Be A Good Fit In Columbus :
If Columbus decides to trade down from the # 4 pick , Bjugstad could very well be the target .
With his speed , skill , shot , and size , he could instantly revitalize the team 's pipeline for the position , but there is the question of how he will develop .
His incredible work ethic and drive to succeed point should also get the attention of many general managers looking for a " big heart " player .
If he continues to fill out and push his game to the next level , he could well be the next Joe Thornton , just as he currently dreams .
Sorry , no video available for this one - here 's a nice shot of the big guy in action :
ZACKENBERG RESEARCH STATION , GREENLAND — Claiming it to be one of the most dramatic and visible signs of climate change to date , researchers said Monday that receding polar ice caps have revealed nearly 200 clandestine lairs once buried deep beneath hundreds of feet of Arctic ice .
An ice shelf off the coast of Greenland in 2006 ( above ) and last week ( below ) .
Advertisement
" We always assumed there would be some secret lairs here and there , but the sheer number now being exposed is indeed troubling , " said noted climatologist Anders Lorenzen , who claimed that the Arctic ice caps have shrunk at the alarming rate of 41,000 square miles per year .
" In August alone we discovered 44 mad scientist laboratories , three highly classified military compounds , and seven reanimated and very confused cavemen .
That 's more than twice the number we had found in the previous three decades combined . "
" This is no longer conjecture , " Lorenzen added .
" This is a full - blown crisis . "
According to oceanographers , the Arctic Circle has been devastated by the effects of global warming in recent years , threatening hundreds of men and women who use the frozen tundra as a place to conduct bizarre experiments in human - animal grafting , carry out massive government cover-ups , or simply as a hidden headquarters from which to battle the forces of evil and fight crime .
Advertisement
" Last week a giant ice sheet broke off and split my prized underground complex nearly in half , " said Dr. Raygun , a self - described psychotic mastermind best known for his diabolical thought - control experiments .
" Now millions of dollars in state - of - the - art doomsday devices are gone — all because of the environmental carnage wrought by the human race . "
" You spend your whole career concocting a brilliant scheme to wipe out all of mankind , and what happens ? "
Dr. Raygun continued .
" They bring about a major global catastrophe completely on their own , those fools ! "
Advertisement
Evil Scientist Dr. Raygun has begun the expensive task of moving his entire mutant staff to their Titan moon base .
Scientists predict the problem will only get worse as rising temperatures release methane trapped in Arctic permafrost , perpetuating the warming cycle and threatening the habitats of those who depend on the ice caps for safety from the prying , meddling public .
Advertisement
Earlier this week a flying saucer surfaced and is reportedly still pulsating with increasingly intense , unearthly colors .
And late last month , a mystical order of Nazi occultists emerged from an underground bunker where they had spent decades communing with the Hyperborean gods and attempting to breed a new Aryan super - species destined to destroy Homo sapiens and rule the earth for untold millennia .
The 12 elderly Germans were detained by local law enforcement in Wainwright , AK .
According to a Natural Resources Defense Council survey , 78 percent of sinister one - eyed industrialists based in the Arctic have been forced to relocate their powerful underworld shadow governments , with many now secretly orchestrating world affairs from dormant volcanoes on remote islands .
Advertisement
Many villains have also been forced to change their entire way of life .
Zawallah , the super - intelligent ape whose gold - teleporter crippled the global economy during the 1980s , recently ceased operation of his orbital heat cannon .
Others , meanwhile , are genuinely concerned about the effect that increased temperatures may have on the future of humanity .
Advertisement
" Gwaahhhhrrr - huaawwwrr - gwaahhhrrrr , " cried test subject PR - 433809 - 21 , the ghastly result of a human cloning experiment gone horribly awry .
" Pwwwuuuagharrgh ! "
But not all inhabitants of the polar ice caps are upset by global warming .
Last month saw the thawing out of a team of British explorers frozen in 1848 .
Expedition members told reporters they were confident that , if more ice melts , they can finally complete their original mission of discovering a Northwest Passage .
Advertisement
For the time being , most researchers have shifted their attention away from the ice caps and toward finding a way to contain the giant reptile monster Bizarricus , who was trapped in an ice floe by Japanese scientists in the 1950s and has now returned to teach the world a lesson about the folly of man .
* 3G proceeds of $ 14.6 bln nearly double govt target
* Vodafone , Bharti , Reliance win Delhi , Mumbai spectrum
* Bharti says high price thwarts pan-India spectrum hopes
* High spectrum price seen putting pressure on winners
* Proceeds give India government “ elbow room ” - Finmin
( Adds details , comments from Bharti , Vodafone , finance minister in paragraphs 10 - 12 and 15 )
By Devidutta Tripathy
NEW DELHI , May 19 ( Reuters ) - Vodafone VOD.L and Bharti BRTI .
BO paid a combined $ 5.1 billion for 3G mobile licences in India , ending an epic auction that yields a bonanza for a deficit - strapped government but puts winners under pressure .
Reliance Communications RLCM .BO also won the right to provide third - generation services in an auction that lasted 34 days and will generate $ 14.6 billion for the government , authorities said on Wednesday , nearly twice what it had expected .
“ It ’s good news for the government , no doubt , ” said Arun Kejriwal , strategist at Kris Research in Mumbai .
“ For the operators it ’s a large sum of money that has to be paid out .
We have to see how these services are priced and received by the subscribers and how it will impact their profitability , ” he said .
India is the world ’s fastest growing mobile phone market with some 500 million subscribers .
India ’s three biggest carriers -- Vodafone , Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications -- each won key licences to offer 3G services in Delhi and Mumbai .
Nine private operators participated in the auction for three sets of licences , which ended with no single carrier winning high - speed 3G spectrum in all 22 circles up for bidding .
Seven different carriers , including Idea Cellular IDEA.BO and unlisted Tata Teleservices , ended up winning spectrum .
Japan's NTT DoCoMo 9437.T owns 26 percent of Tata Teleservices .
A fourth licence will be sold separately and has been reserved for state operators .
India is a late adapter of 3G and is the biggest economy not to offer such premium services on a wide scale , although the state - run telecoms firms have 3G services in some zones .
Vodafone Essar , the UK giant ’s India unit , will pay about $ 2.5 billion for its India 3G mobile spectrum , according to government data , and said it planned to launch a service by year - end .
Bharti , one - third owned by SingTel STEL.SI , is paying about $ 2.6 billion but India 's top carrier said it fell short of its objective of securing a pan-India footprint due to high prices .
“ We would like to point out that the auction format and severe spectrum shortage along with ensuing policy uncertainty , drove the prices beyond reasonable levels , ” the company said in a statement .
The auction will help the government plug a fiscal deficit that last year reached a 16 - year high , and may enable it to cut back on borrowing , bringing relief to satiated bond investors .
“ The 3G auction results demonstrate that the government borrowing will sail through smoothly , ” said Paresh Nayar , head of foreign exchange and money markets at First Rand Bank in Mumbai .
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said the auction proceeds will give “ elbow room ” to the government .
For a full list of 3G spectrum winners , click : link.reuters.com/nef25k
For the views of analysts , click [ ID : nSGE64I0LA ]
CONSOLIDATION SPUR
The spirited bidding has been a drag on the share price of operators competing in a market saturated with 15 operators .
Vodafone Group
Plc signalled increasing frustration with its key India unit on Tuesday , taking a charge of 2.3 billion pounds ( $ 3.28 billion ) due to fierce competition and rapidly escalating spectrum costs .
[ ID: nLDE64G1NP ]
On top of the auction , the Indian telecoms regulator has called for mobile operators to pay a one - time fee for 2G radio spectrum with high bandwidth , which they won several years ago , a move that has drawn fierce criticism from all involved .
Rollout of 3G is expected to exacerbate the gap between the haves and the have - nots in India ’s crowded mobile market and eventually trigger a wave of consolidation .
It also puts pressure on the winners , who must justify their licence outlays and may find themselves constrained from making further investment .
They will need to spend billions of dollars more on 3G network equipment .
India is adding roughly 16 million new users a month , and heavy bidding was driven in part by the need to secure additional capacity to provide basic voice service .
“ Obviously , the spectrum pricing looks very high , but if you look at 500 million subscribers , that 3G has the potential as it can be used for both voice and data , the spectrum price may be viable , ” said Naresh Singh , an analyst at Gartner in Mumbai .
The 3G auction will be followed in two days by an auction for wireless broadband spectrum , for which 11 firms are vying for two national licences for private operators , with one slot reserved for state telecoms firms .
( $ 1=46.31 rupees ) ( $ 1=.7017 Pound ) ( Additional reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee , Prashant Mehra and Rajesh Kurup ; Writing by Tony Munroe ; Editing by David Cowell and Jon Loades - Carter )
The missiles were transported by rail from a U.S. base near Kaiserslautern , Germany , and will rotate in and out of Poland along with 100 to 150 American soldiers for the next two years .
Filed to : please god no
Can you imagine Britain 's quirky time - travel show made into a Walt Disney movie ?
Commenter Cristoval did , and the result was this " purposefully terrible " poster .
Check out a better look at his his Disneyfied Daleks , below .
Advertisement
Here are the Disney Daleks :
Advertisement
And a " clean " look at the poster , with no titles :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The scary thing is , you could easily believe this is the real thing , and Tim Burton is directing .
Terrifying !
by Janice White , Natural Healer
It is common knowledge in most cultures that the majority of illnesses are caused by an unhealthy bowel .
That is why an intestinal cleansing is vital to clean and flush this breeding ground for serious diseases .
Advocates of detox cleansing believe that years of eating highly processed foods which are low in fiber and high in sugar and fat leads to the buildup of residual fecal matter inside of the colon .
This interferes with the body ’s normal digestive process by preventing the absorption of nutrients and water , resulting in the growth of harmful bacteria inside the colon .
If this condition goes untreated , toxins form and spread throughout the body , causing symptoms such as unexplained fatigue , headaches , dizziness and liver disease , as well as abdominal bloating , cramping and constipation .
Detox Cleansing for Improved Wellness
Because of poor eating habits , serious problems in the intestinal tract can develop which in later years may contribute to diseases such as cancer , heart trouble and diabetes .
Furthermore , lack of energy , premature aging , poor eyesight , memory loss , a poor complexion and wrinkles can also be linked to poor colon health .
A congested and polluted bowel contains toxins that may seep into the bloodstream and lymph glands .
These toxins eventually settle in the weakest areas of the body .
An herbal colon cleanse can help remedy this condition .
During an intestinal cleansing , it is important to incorporate a variety of fresh organic vegetables and fruits in juices and broths to ensure that your body gets a wide range of nutrients .
Herbal supplements and bentonite or psyllium supplements can also be taken during your cleanse to assist with the removal of toxins from the body .
During the first stages of your cleanse , avoid solid food to give your digestive system a complete rest .
Your body will be able to fully concentrate on cleansing at a cellular level by releasing toxins that have built up over time .
A detox cleanse will be allow your body to repair and heal on three levels : physically , emotionally and psychologically .
Be aware that as toxins are being released , you may experience a variety of reactions .
Typical cleansing reactions include headaches , nausea , constipation or diarrhea , intestinal disturbances ( gas , bloating , cramping ) , flu - like symptoms , aches and pains , and fatigue .
On an emotional level , you may experience intense feelings and mood swings , strange dreams while sleeping , and strong food cravings .
This is because toxins are being stirred up and eliminated from your system .
If toxins are being stirred faster than you can eliminate them from your system , you will feel sick as a result .
Balance is thus maintained by either slowing down the rate of toxin release or by speeding up the rate of elimination .
There are several ways to help your body to eliminate toxins during your detox cleanse .
The best way is by doing some sort of colon cleanse in the form of an enema or a colonic .
An enema you can do yourself with an enema bag , twice a day as needed .
Alternatively , if you have a colon therapist in your area , you can schedule a colonic which will empty and cleanse your intestinal tract .
Why You Should Detoxify your Bowel
Every tissue in the body is nourished by the blood , which is in turn supplied by the bowel .
Therefore when the bowel is toxic , the bloodstream spreads these toxins around the body to the various organs and tissues .
Disease can only be eliminated when its root cause is addressed , rather than simply treating the symptoms .
An intestinal cleansing program gets to the root cause by removing toxic fecal matter , the source of most disease .
Fecal plaque may build up until it is an inch or more thick and can cover the entire length of the stomach , small intestines and colon itself .
This plaque can become so hard and stiff that it is difficult for the body to get rid of them on its own .
However , during an intestinal cleansing , these layers of feces can be successfully removed .
Since they are often full of parasites , dead tissue and decaying food , their removal allows the bowels the opportunity to function effectively once again .
Colonic Hydrotherapy
There are several different ways to cleanse the colon .
Colonic hydrotherapy uses warm water to irrigate and drain the colon .
This should be performed by a licensed and certified colon therapist , although self - colonic kits for an intestinal cleansing at home are available .
Another way to do an intestinal cleansing is with enemas and laxatives to soften stools and move waste material through the body .
But these internal cleansing products can be harsh on the sensitive tissues of the intestinal tract .
They can also become addictive , making it difficult to go to the toilet without their use .
An intestinal cleansing recipe using natural ingredients can be a safe and effective way of cleansing the colon .
By helping to remove hardened debris and leftover fecal matter in the bowel , you are improving your body ’s ability to handle toxins .
Look for a high quality colon- cleansing supplement that will allow you to achieve a total body cleanse .
If you are not eating enough fiber , poor quality and infrequent bowel movements over many months and years can become hazardous to your health .
The simple fact is that the longer your body has decaying food in the intestines , the greater your risk of developing a serious disease .
( published April 11 , 2010 )
Israeli firms are carrying out military training and commercial activities in Kurdish areas of north Iraq , according to reports in an Israeli newspaper .
Yedioth Ahronoth reported yesterday that dozens of former members of Israel 's elite and covert forces were training Kurdish fighters in anti-terrorism techniques .
Other companies , the newspaper said , were involved in telecommunications and infrastructure projects such as the building of an airport at Irbil .
Iraq and Israel are still officially at war , though since the 1960s Israel and the Iraqi Kurds have had a relationship .
A spokesman for the Israeli foreign ministry said his country had no relationship with the new Iraq and it remained " at war " .
The article follows detailed reports in the New Yorker last year saying that Israel had become heavily involved with the Kurds from 2003 .
It suggested Israel had a strategic interest in supporting Kurdish forces , as a counterweight to Sunni and Shia groups in Iraq .
Involvement in the region also gave Israel better access to intelligence from Syria and Iran , particularly Iran 's nuclear programme .
Israel supported Kurdish rebels against the Ba'ath regime in Baghdad until 1975 .
The Kurds , who are Muslim , have never been as anti-Israeli as many Muslims in other countries .
They have felt persecuted by Sunnis and have resented Yasser Arafat 's support for Saddam Hussein .
A spokesman for the Kurdistan regional government said : " It is possible that people with Israeli passports visit .
Many Jews from Kurdistan resettled in Israel .
We do not discriminate against any nationality that wants to ... work in Kurdistan , but there are no official links . "
Israel cannot officially admit its involvement in the regime because it might encourage extremist groups , such as al - Qaida in Iraq .
But Israelis are regularly seen in the Kurdish towns of northern Iraq , working as security guards and trainers .
It is not clear whether they work for international security firms or are doing independent work .
Israelis representing private firms were seen looking for opportunities at a recent trade fair in Irbil .
Yesterday 's report also stated that Israeli companies had set up a base in a remote area of Kurdistan , using it for weapons and anti-terrorism training and bringing in " dozens of motorcycles , sniffer dogs , Kalashnikov - upgrading devices , flak jackets , uniforms and helmets , all Israeli- made " .
It claims Israelis pose as agricultural and engineering experts .
Development and security projects in Kurdistan are undertaken by several countries , including Turkey , the US , Iran , Britain and Germany .
Israel 's main ally in the region is Turkey , which is concerned that the Kurds might declare independence from Iraq .
Turkey , like Syria and Iran , has a substantial Kurdish minority within its population .
It will give a new and sure basis of classification .
Indeed , this grand fact of the grouping of all organic beings seems inexplicable on any other theory .
Read the interminable disputes of the naturalists as to what are species and what varieties , and you will see what a scientific chaos classification up to this day is .
How the cumbersome catalogues of species increase !
Meanwhile the difficulties increase , also , instead of diminishing with the extension of their researches .
That is a great fact , too , which Mr. DARWIN so impressively teaches -- the imperfection of the geological record -- and must go largely to modify existing palaeontologic conceptions .
And what a vast background he lights up !
What flowing aeons mark the ascent from the Silurian Mollusks to man -- gulfs of time over which the mind grows dizzy in the attempt to gaze , and we feel the shiver of eternity pass over us !
It is well to feed the mind with this sense of the amplitude of time , as a counter - agent of our petty and contracted chronologies .
It is the leading idea of modern science that we need not go in search of any other causes than those which are at present in action , for an explanation of the phenomena of Nature .
Modern geology has banished the notion of sudden cataclysms , by showing that the same agencies are now at work which have brought about all the wonders of the up - piling of the strata of the globe .
We are thus introduced into the grand idea of growth -- of the enormous effect of existing agencies , when spread over a great period of time .
DARWIN puts himself abreast these same tendencies .
And just as LYELL has banished from Geology the notion of sudden cataclysms , DARWIN threatens to banish from Zoology the notion of sudden creations .
Together , we feel justified in saying , they have laid the foundation of one of the mightiest changes in philosophical thought .
It is certainly more in accordance with our ideas of the philosophy of causation to believe that the entire hierarchy of animate organisms are the result of the continuity of one mode of operation throughout the whole period that has elapsed since life was first introduced into our planet .
It harmonizes better with our highest ideas of divine foresight , to believe that the scheme of evolution was originally made so perfect as to require no subsequent interference .
We have no sympathy with those who , to use the admirable language of BADEN POWELL -- " behold the Deity more clearly in the dark than in the light -- in confusion , interruption and catastrophe , more than in order , continuity and progress . "
V .
The most important contribution to modern thought is undoubtedly the indirect teachings of physical science .
For , magnificent though the direct teachings be , the indirect are perhaps still more wonderful : the former have relation but to the material world , while the latter influence the whole of man 's speculative activity .
Indeed the only part of science that can ever profoundly touch the great laity are its glorious indirections -- its grand out - croppings of truth .
In this regard there is much for science yet to attain : science needs literature just as much as literature needs science .
He is the master of science who makes his facts but initial , leading to heights where new vistas open in flashes of beauty and repose .
It is a significant fact that certain propositions recommend themselves and find acceptance even though not fortified by authority .
They seem to find metaphysical support and interior warranties .
Who can fail to see that such doctrines as the Nebular hypothesis , the doctrine of Development , &c. , aside altogether from their scientific validity , have an indirect import to the culture , far more potent than all their direct bearings ?
It would seem as if the doctrine of " attractions proportioned to destinies " held equally true in science as in sociology .
HARVEY 's discovery of the circulation of the blood is recorded to have found acceptance from no physician over forty years old .
Perhaps DARWIN felt that to his own theory some such elective affinities might apply .
" I look , " says he , towards the close of the volume , " with confidence to the future , to young and rising naturalists , who will be able to view both sides of the question with impartiality . "
In that future , to which he looks forward , he will not , we apprehend , be regarded as having drawn the cosmic circle of life , but rather as having indicated one of its arcs .
At all events , it seems to be a historic law that the greater portion of truths in the theory of nature first appear as purple mirages -- ruddy and auroral streaks gilding the matin of man 's mind ; but the appointed time - duly brings up the perfect thought , fraught with the wealth of invisible climee , and Hooding the age with the sunlight of science .
Many cargo ships on the high seas off the Horn of Africa have opted for armed protection after a spate of attacks and hijacks by pirates based in Somalia for ransom .
( Courtesy : Muscat Daily )
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
UPDATE : ‘ No change ’ in flow of oil , BP exec says
Oil giant BP admitted on Saturday that its fourth attempt to stop the oil leak at the Deepwater Horizon — known as “ top kill ” — has failed .
“ I do n’t think the amount of oil coming out has changed , ” BP ’s chief operating officer , Doug Suttles , told reporters .
“ Just by watching it , we do n’t believe it ’s changed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to government estimates , between 18 million and 40 million gallons of oil have poured into the Gulf of Mexico since the rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 workers .
Writing at Business Insider , finance reporter Joe Wiesenthal says BO will likely be “ taken off the job ” on the oil spill , because of the bad publicity the failed efforts at stopping the leak have given the Obama administration :
Having BP run the show has been a disaster for a couple of reasons .
One is that Obama has to defend the company ’s actions , and two is that BP is HORRIBLE at PR , waiting hours to give updates that everyone is clamoring for .
Watch for the military to take over , though using BP ’s resources and of course BP ’s dime .
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
Engineers tried Saturday to plug an oil gush spewing crude into the Gulf of Mexico after US President Barack Obama visited the disaster area and vowed never to abandon those imperiled by it .
As BP pleaded for patience to allow time for its risky and complex “ top kill ” to work and plug the massive leak , Obama pledged “ to continue to do whatever it takes to help Americans whose livelihoods have been upended by the spill . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The US president , clad in hiking boots and with his sleeves rolled up , ordered the number of workers feverishly trying to contain and clean up the spill along the southern US coastline to be tripled .
He toured an oil - slick blighted Louisiana beach , picking up tar balls to examine them , as he outlined his administration ’s “ historic response ” to the disaster which has spewed millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico .
His second trip to the region since an April 20 explosion tore through the Deepwater Horizon rig , 80 kilometers ( 50 miles ) off shore , came as experts and residents hold their breath , hoping BP can stop the oil flowing from a fractured pipe .
ADVERTISEMENT
Government scientists estimate some 12,000 to 19,000 barrels of crude a day have been gushing into the Gulf since the rig sank two days after the blast which killed 11 workers .
“ I think the key element here is to exercise patience , ” said BP ’s chief operating officer Doug Suttles , adding the operation would last another 24 to 48 hours .
ADVERTISEMENT
The British energy giant is using robotic submarines to pump heavy drilling fluids down the wellhead , hoping to drown the leak long enough to allow engineers to then seal it with cement .
“ We ’ll have periods where we ’re pumping .
We ’ll have periods where we ’re monitoring results of that pumping .
We ’ll have periods where we actually pump in this , what we call junk , ” Suttles said , seeking to allay concerns over why BP had stopped the pumping several times since it began on Wednesday .
The New York Times said Saturday the operation was marked by “ an apparent lack of progress , ” pointing out that officials said they would continue with the process for another 48 hours before giving up and considering other options , including another containment dome to try to capture the oil .
ADVERTISEMENT
The disaster has already closed stretches of coastal fishing waters , endangering livelihoods which are also dependent on tourism , and threatening a catastrophe for Louisiana marshes , home to many rare species .
“ I ’m here to tell you that you ’re not alone .
You will not be abandoned .
You will not be left behind , ” Obama promised to local residents .
“ We are on your side and we will see this through . ”
He said 20,000 people had already been deployed to contain and clean up the spill , but that he had ordered Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and US Coast Guard chief Admiral Thad Allen to “ triple the manpower in places where oil has hit the shore or is within 24 hours of impact . ”
Allen , who has been charged with overseeing the government ’s response , said initial signs suggested BP ’s “ top kill ” was succeeding .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They have been able to push the hydrocarbons down with the mud .
The real challenge is to put enough into the well to keep the pressure where they can put a cement plug over the top , ” he said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America . ”
Government data released Thursday would mean between 18.6 million gallons and 29.5 million gallons of oil have poured into the Gulf — far more than the roughly 11 million gallons of crude spilled in the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster .
Amid the environmental catastrophe , there were also growing fears for the health of cleanup workers exposed to the oil and chemical dispersants .
Four more crewmen aboard ships helping burn off surface oil were evacuated to hospital late Friday after falling ill , a day after the US Coast Guard announced that seven workers were evacuated for medical emergencies .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama said 910,000 meters ( three million feet ) of hard boom had already been deployed in an effort to stop the oil spill reaching wetlands and beaches .
But he admitted “ there ’s a limited amount ” available .
“ We ’re going to try to get more boom manufactured , but that may take some time , ” he said .
The commander of a federal research ship who has spent five days out at sea on the edges of the slick said a heavy smell of oil hung over the area .
“ It ’s a strong smell out there , ” said commander Shepard Smith of the Thomas Jefferson , a 204 - foot survey vessel .
“ It smells like freshly creosoted railroad ties . ”
BP said Friday the oil spill had cost the firm about 930 million dollars , while the company ’s market value has also dropped by billions .
ADVERTISEMENT
— With AFP
This video is from President Obama ’s tour of Louisiana beaches affected by BP ’s oil spill , shot May 28 , 2010 , as snipped by Mediaite .
In his weekend note , Cumberland 's David Kotok passes on Art Cashin 's account of what happened on Thursday .
This part stuck out :
Around 2:00 , the scene in Athens began to turn more fractious .
TV screens across the floor ( and across America ) were filled with scenes of police wading into pockets of riotous protestors .
Each foray was marked by audible reactions on the floor .
Bids began to cancel all around .
The level of selling picked up and prices moved steadily and sharply lower – down 250 , then 275 ; 325 ; 375 ; 400 then down 450 .
Around 2:40 , the selling grew very intense .
Prices began to cascade lower in waterfall fashion .
The Dow seemed to fall in 50 point increments .
In the end , we 're just animals .
Sure we can retroactively blame Mohammad El - Erian for his gloomy comments that day , or Jean - Claude Trichet 's unwillingness to bring out the bazooka , but in the end , what got the selling going was images of police wading into a crowd with clubs , and those images being blasted onto trading floors .
Fight or flight .
Do n't miss : Pictures of the most violent Greek riot yet >
The Experimental Marine Pollution Surveillance Report ( EMPSR ) is produced by trained satellite analysts in the Satellite Analysis Branch ( SAB ) , within the NOAA / NESDIS Office of Satellite Data Processing and Distribution .
SAB analysts manually integrate data from numerous imagery sources including Synthetic Aperture Radar ( SAR ) and high resolution visible imagery along with various ancillary data sources .
The result is a quality - controlled display of the locations of possible detected oil on the surface of the ocean .
( For more information on the NESDIS Oil Analysis program )
( CNN ) -- BP resumed pumping heavyweight drilling mud Friday in its attempt to cap a breached oil well in what the company 's top executive described as an " environmental catastrophe . "
The oil giant has measured " some success " with a procedure known as " top kill , " which had never been tried a mile under the ocean 's surface , said Tony Hayward , BP 's chief executive officer .
The oil leak stopped when heavy drilling mud was pumped into the well at high pressure but it was not clear whether the operation would permanently halt the flow , Hayward said .
" Clearly while we 're pumping mud , there is no oil and gas coming into the sea , " he said .
A thick brown stream of liquid seen gushing from the broken pipe into the water was almost entirely composed of water - based mud -- not oil , he said .
" It 's like an arm - wrestling match of two equally strong forces , " said BP 's managing director , Robert Dudley .
He predicted the company would know by Sunday morning if it is working .
Supply ships on the surface are loaded with about 50,000 barrels of mud , and backups with more of the substance could be moved in quickly , he said .
U.S. Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , who is leading the federal government 's oil spill response efforts , said the goal is to send enough mud down into the breached well bore to eliminate the upward pressure from the oil and clear the way for a cement cap to be put into place .
" So while I said the hydrocarbons had been stopped , that does not mean the exercise is over , " Allen said .
BP suspended the effort Thursday after determining that too much of the viscous substance was escaping via the breach instead of going down the well .
During that suspension , BP tried another technique -- known as the " junk shot " -- pumping solid materials such as rubber balls and other debris , Hayward said .
The junk shot began Thursday afternoon and concluded early Friday .
Asked whether the junk shot helped , BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles said , " We believe that it is helping to some degree , but it is very , very difficult to interpret each of those cases . "
" Top kill " efforts will continue until at least Sunday morning , Suttles said .
" We will continue with this operation until such time as it's either successful or we believe it wo n't be successful , " said Suttles .
" I think the key thing here is to exercise patience . "
If the " top kill " fails , the next step would be to place a " lower marine riser package " -- basically a custom - built cap -- over the leak , Suttles said .
He added that several versions of the device are " waiting to go . "
If they fail , he said , BP engineers would try placing a second blowout preventer on top of the first , which failed catastrophically .
The failed blowout preventer is a 48 - foot - tall , 450 - ton apparatus that sits atop the well 5,000 feet underwater , which failed to cut off the oil flow after the April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform left 11 men missing and presumed dead .
The Gulf oil spill is the largest in U.S. history .
Government scientists said Thursday that as many as 19,000 barrels ( 798,000 gallons ) of oil were spewing into the ocean every day , making this disaster perhaps twice the size of the Exxon Valdez incident .
Previously , government scientists had said 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons ) of oil were gushing out every day .
On May 17 , Hayward had said the spill would have a modest impact on the environment .
He upgraded his assessment on Friday .
" This is clearly an environmental catastrophe , " Hayward said .
" There 's no two ways about it . "
He sympathized with Gulf residents who have expressed anger over the disaster .
" I understand perfectly why everyone is angry and frustrated that this leak has not been stopped , " he said .
" We want it stopped and we are doing everything we can to stop the damn leak .
And we are going to continue to do everything we can to stop the damn leak . "
Hayward cited " at least seven failures " that conspired to bring about the disaster .
Under intense political pressure to take control of the situation , President Obama toured the region Friday -- his second visit since the April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform triggered the spill and left 11 men missing and presumed dead .
" We want to stop the leak , we want to contain and clean up the oil and we want to help the people in this region return to their lives and livelihoods as soon as possible , " the president told reporters .
Surrounded by more than a dozen Gulf - area politicians and officials , the president called the oil spill " an assault on our shores , on our people , on the regional economy and on communities like this one . "
Obama said it would be welcome news if BP 's top kill effort succeeds in stopping the runaway flow from the well , but noted that other efforts are also under way .
Oil spill demystified : A glossary
" A team of some of the world 's top scientists , engineers and experts -- led by our energy secretary and Nobel Prize - winning physicist Steven Chu -- has for some time been exploring any and all reasonable contingency plans , " he said .
Obama said he has directed Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Allen to triple the manpower in places where oil has hit shore or appears within a day of doing so .
Information about resources available to area residents and businesses will be posted on whitehouse.gov , he said .
" BP is the responsible party for this disaster , " he said .
" But as I said yesterday and as I repeated in the meeting we just left , I ultimately take responsibility for solving this crisis .
I 'm the president and the buck stops with me . "
More from Obama 's press briefing
He also called on Americans to help by visiting the region .
Except for three beaches in Louisiana , all the Gulf beaches are open , safe and clean , he said .
After Obama left , several hundred workers who had been shipped in early Friday by BP also left , according to a Gulf Coast official .
Jefferson Parish Councilman Chris Roberts told CNN's " Situation Room " that the workers were offered $ 12 an hour to go to the scene at Grand Isle and work while Obama was there and that they left shortly after Obama did .
Suttles downplayed the claim Friday evening , saying it is not unusual to see people wrapping up work in the afternoon .
i Report : Share your views on the oil spill response
" These individuals are working out in the heat of the sun .
These are long days .
They start early in the morning and they stop early in the evening , " he said .
" So the fact that they were leaving the location late in the afternoon was not unusual .
It 's not associated with the president arriving . "
Suttles added that the workers would be back Saturday morning to continue working .
Though about 25 percent of the Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone has been put off limits , most federal waters in the Gulf are open to commercial and recreational fishing , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
In a response to some local officials , who have been calling for the Army Corps of Engineers to build a " sand boom " offshore to keep the water from getting into the fragile marshlands , Obama said Allen is prepared to authorize moving forward with " a portion of the idea . "
That did not entirely satisfy Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who has advocated immediate construction of the berms .
Noting in a written statement that 107 miles of the state 's coast have been oiled , he said , " We continue to ask federal officials to approve our entire sand - boom plan from the northern Chandeleurs to the Isle Dernieres chain . "
CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Ed Henry , Richard Allen Greene , David Mattingly , Lisa Desjardins and Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .
Nuclear Proliferation in Latin America Is Brazil Developing the Bomb ?
Brazil has signed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , but experts suspect it may be working on a nuclear bomb .
The country is allowed to legally enrich uranium for its nuclear submarines , but nobody knows what happens to the fuel once it is on restricted military bases .
Von Hans Rühle
Image caption Mr Soto with his ninja trainees saved Sydney mugging victim
Three muggers in Australia got the fright of their lives when their attack was interrupted by five black - clad ninja warriors .
The thieves were assaulting a German medical exchange student in Sydney , but the alleyway where they struck was next to a school for ninja warriors .
One of the pupils raised the alarm after noticing the attack .
Police say they have arrested two men and charged them with robbery , and are still looking for a third suspect .
" We just ran outside and started running at them , yelling and everything , " said ninja master Kaylan Soto who instructed his students to take action .
" These guys have turned around and seen five ninjas in black ninja uniforms running towards them .
They just bolted . "
The victim suffered minor injuries , and the men stole his mobile phone and iPod , according to police .
Mr Soto said the man could have escaped the assault with some training in ninjitsu - a Japanese martial art .
As for the attackers , " They just picked the wrong spot , " he added .
* Latest death takes apparent suicide toll to 10 this year
* Foxconn denies report of another jumper who survived
* Clients including Apple , Dell investigating conditions ( Adds latest suicide attempt , paragraph 3 )
HONG KONG / TAIPEI , May 27 ( Reuters ) - A 10th employee of iPhone - maker Foxconn jumped to his death late on Wednesday , just hours after the company ’s chairman promised to make life better for employees at the sprawling production site in southern China .
The company did not give details of the death but China ’s official Xinhua news agency reported on Thursday that an initial police investigation indicated the 23 - year - old man from northwest China had committed suicide by jumping from a seventh floor dormitory balcony .
Another employee at Foxconn ’s Shenzhen campus attempted to slit his wrists , but survived with medical attention , the Xinhua news agency said late on Thursday .
The deaths have thrown a spotlight on the labour practices of Foxconn , a unit of Taiwan ’s Hon Hai Precision Industry , whose clients include Apple , Hewlett Packard and Sony Ericsson .
Apple and other clients have said they are investigating working conditions at Foxconn , which has some 420,000 employees at its base in Shenzhen and has come under fire for its secretive corporate culture .
Workers live inside the factory complex and churn out products for the world ’s leading computer and phone companies in round - the - clock shifts .
Taipei - based Hon Hai spokesman Arthur Huang confirmed the 10th death but denied reports on three Taiwan TV stations that another person , a young woman , had also jumped late on Wednesday , surviving with serious injuries .
Just hours before the latest reports , the usually media shy Foxconn Chairman Terry Gou had opened the company ’s sprawling facilities in Shenzhen to reporters and vowed to take sweeping action to prevent more deaths .
Gou made another trip back to the plant on Thursday following the Wednesday media tour .
Pictures on Taiwan TV stations showed him boarding his private jet .
SAFETY NETS INSTALLED
All 10 of the deaths have been of young migrant workers , among the millions who leave the poor hinterlands of China for the boom towns of the south and east coastal areas in search of work and high wages .
Two others have been seriously injured after also jumping from buildings , in incidents that labour groups say expose the harsh working conditions at Foxconn .
Li Ping , secretary general of the Shenzhen municipal government , told a news conference on Wednesday that the pressure of being away from home with little care from society was part of a complex set of factors underpinning the suicides .
He said the government was joining with police and Foxconn to consider a range of ideas such as building up sports and cultural facilities to improve the living environment , Xinhua reported .
The firm was training about 100 mental health counsellors and installing 1.5 million square metres of netting , Xinhua said .
“ Although this seems like a dumb measure , at least it could save a life should anyone else fall , ” Gou was quoted as saying .
In a report to clients , Bank of America / Merrill Lynch said that while the incidents would affect Hon Hai ’s image , they are unlikely to cause a significant impact on earnings , a view echoed by UBS , which noted that Hon Hai remains a “ top - notch supplier ” .
Foxconn shares rose 4.2 percent in a Hong Kong market up 1.2 percent , having fallen to a seven - month low earlier this week .
Hon Hai shares fell 0.4 percent in Taiwan , with the broader market up 1.1 percent .
In another sign of labour discontent in south China , Japanese car maker Honda said on Thursday a dispute had shut down one of its parts plants , causing the closure of four car - making plants .
( Reporting by Simon Rabinovitch and Lucy Hornby in BEIJING , James Pomfret in HONG KONG and Jonathan Standing , Roger Tung and Baker Li in TAIPEI ; Editing by Chris Lewis and Lincoln Feast ) ( ( simon.rabinovitch@thomsonreuters.com ; +86 139 0111 6692 ; Reuters Messaging : simon.rabinovitch.reuters.com@reuters.net ) )
( ( If you have a query or comment on this story , send an email to news.feedback.asia@thomsonreuters.com ) )
LA GRANDE -- A storm of 2 - inch - long grasshoppers swept across
in southeastern Oregon 's high desert last summer -- turning roads slippery , crunchy and " kind of gross " on their way to devouring 7,000 acres of grass intended as spring forage for the cattle
.
" Most people slowed down out of curiosity and awe " as clouds of grasshoppers carpeted Oregon 205 that passes through Roaring Springs , said ranch resident Elaine Davies .
The onslaught may be a mere prelude to a grasshopper invasion of near - mythic proportions predicted this summer in
and across the American West .
Hungry grasshoppers are starting to hatch in Arizona and New Mexico and could make 2010 the worst grasshopper year since the mid-1980s -- consuming huge swaths of grasslands and crops , said U.S. Department of Agriculture expert Charles Brown .
The anticipated glut results from natural population cycles and widespread drought conditions that grasshoppers thrive under .
, said Brown , who oversees the USDA 's national grasshopper suppression program .
Of several hundred types of grasshoppers , ranchers and farmers throughout the West are likely to encounter up to 15 hungry " pest species " this summer , he said .
In Oregon , a clear - winged grasshopper called
are the culprits .
Grasshoppers munched their way across tens of thousands of acres of Harney County in 2009 , and this summer 's devastation could double to 140,000 acres in the county , entomologists said .
Grasshopper activity probably will be centered on and around the million - acre- plus Roaring Springs Ranch south of Frenchglen ,
itself and ranchland north of the 187,000 - acre
.
Outbreaks also are possible in drought - stricken Klamath and Lake counties this summer or next year , said entomologist Helmuth Rogg of the Oregon Department of Agriculture in Salem .
The hatch will spread into Oregon and other northern states in the coming weeks as chilly spring temperatures give way to warmer weather .
Grasshopper egg beds typically occupy dry , south - facing slopes just far enough underground to escape fast - moving range fires , biologists say .
The grasshopper plague probably will hit its stride in August as summertime heat parches Western croplands and open ranges .
Grasshoppers often consume their own weight in forage and crops in a day .
Eight grasshoppers per square yard are enough to cause economic damage , Rogg said .
" They are the lawnmower of the prairie , " he said .
" The biggest biomass consumers on the North American prairie are grasshoppers -- not cattle , not bison , not antelope . "
The pests can reduce rangeland forage by 80 percent in areas as large as 2,000 square miles , Brown said .
The most effective control is the pesticide Dimilin , a growth regulator that kills young grasshoppers just after the hatch , he said .
The federal government will pay all costs for pesticide applications on federal lands , 50 percent on state lands and a third on privately owned lands .
Some landowners , including the owners of Roaring Springs , opt to pay the costs themselves .
" When it comes time to cost - share , there is too much red tape for me , " said Roaring Springs foreman Stacy Davies .
He and a crew of buckaroos will begin searching for egg beds on horseback , ATVs and on foot as soon as the ranch gets some warmer weather , he said .
Roaring Springs ' elevation is at 4,600 feet and the mercury tumbled into the low 20s several times in the past week , he said .
Treating the ranch 's egg beds with Dimilin probably will cost $ 4,000 and save 20,000 acres of grass , Davies said .
That works better than battling clouds of mature hoppers later in the season with Malathion , a less environmentally friendly pesticide , that could cost $ 25,000 and leave the grass at greater risk , he said .
Successful Dimilin treatments in Oregon reduced the grasshopper infestation from 1 million acres in 2008 to 150,000 acres last year , Rogg said .
" All the other states went the other way " -- and watched grasshopper populations multiply because they did n't find and treat egg beds , he said .
" They are all going to look forward to big outbreaks . "
--
CASEY
Stoner has hit out at MotoGP following the Assen race , slamming the grid sizes and calling Yamaha 's replacement for Rossi ' a joke ' .
The fiery Aussie known for speaking his mind has told reporters that Yamaha 's decision to replace the injured Rossi with Wataru Yoshikawa is ' atrocious ' .
Stoner claims Yamaha should have ' put anybody in that seat , but not a nobody ' .
Nicely put , Casey .
Ducati's world champ went on to say that grid sizes in MotoGP are ' a joke ' .
Former MotoGP rider , Toni Elias has also hit out at Moto2 , calling it too dangerous .
Stoner 's fix ?
Make the manufacturers , including Suzuki , field more bikes .
Dorna are aiming for 22 bikes on the grid in 2011 , but this is n't enough according to Stoner , who went on to say : " They need more bikes on the grid .
Suzuki need to be forced to put four bikes on the grid .
They ’ve got enough money , they ’ve got enough chassis .
" It ’s just ridiculous , it should be a minimum of four .
I do n’t understand why companies do n’t put last year ’s bikes out there like they used to .
Put more bikes on the grid , make more opportunities for teams .
" I ’m sure there ’s a way they can sort it out to run last year ’s bikes , then smaller teams can grab a hold .
It ’s always been like that for years , but now it just seems to have disappeared . ”
An edited version of the interview and a subsequent phone conversation follow :
Q . In your book you posit that organizations made up of different types of people are more productive than homogenous ones .
Why do you say that ?
A. Because diverse groups of people bring to organizations more and different ways of seeing a problem and , thus , faster / better ways of solving it .
People from different backgrounds have varying ways of looking at problems , what I call “ tools . ”
The sum of these tools is far more powerful in organizations with diversity than in ones where everyone has gone to the same schools , been trained in the same mold and thinks in almost identical ways .
The problems we face in the world are very complicated .
Any one of us can get stuck .
If we ’re in an organization where everyone thinks in the same way , everyone will get stuck in the same place .
But if we have people with diverse tools , they ’ll get stuck in different places .
One person can do their best , and then someone else can come in and improve on it .
There ’s a lot of empirical data to show that diverse cities are more productive , diverse boards of directors make better decisions , the most innovative companies are diverse .
Pet without Breeding Rights $ 1600
With Breeding Rights $ 2200
SOLD TO ROSHY IN NEW JERSEY
MY GIRL IS NOW BOO !!!
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Williamsburg
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
You want the shitfuckin thing tuned ?
Fine .
Call me .
I 'll tune it .
Done .
Just like that .
All of Manhattan or Brooklyn .
Do n't fucking call me if you 're in Queens or Hoboken .
$ 80 for grand and upright pianos $ 100 for spinet upright pianos ( because they are way goddamn harder )
Some Boys Don't Leave is the story of what happens when the break - up happens but the break does not .
' Boy ' is forced to come to terms with the fact that ' Girl ' no longer wants him around .
...
See full summary »
TouchArcade Rating :
Capcom ’s Phoenix Wright [ $ 4.99 ] started its life as a Japanese Gameboy Advance game all the way back in 2001 .
In 2005 , a touchscreen - enhanced port of the game made it to the Nintendo DS and the rest of the world .
Five years later , and the game is here on the App Store at a fraction of its original DS price .
We described the basic premise of the game following its announcement late last year :
Phoenix Wright games are a strange mixture of a visual adventure game that play a lot like mixture of a hidden object game and a “ Choose Your Own Adventure " book .
The game is segmented in to two portions , the investigation and the trial .
While investigating , you visit various location and gather evidence by looking around and interviewing anyone who is around .
When you ’re finished with that , you go to court where you cross examine witnesses , present evidence , and object to the arguments presented by the prosecuting lawyer .
Even just from looking at screenshots alone , it is amazingly apparent that this is a fairly direct port from the DS game , with the output of the two screens just stacked on top of each other on the iPhone .
When playing through the game , the bottom half is loaded with all kinds of buttons and menus depending on if you ’re investigating or arguing in court , and these UI elements seem to be reworked from the original to be finger - friendly instead of built around the Nintendo DS stylus .
All of the Phoenix Wright games are a fun , and often silly adventure through crime scenes and court rooms .
Successfully completing the game requires a keen eye both when gathering evidence and when arguing your case in court .
Because so much of the game is based on finding / noticing little things between hidden evidence or inconsistencies in testimony , Phoenix Wright has little if any replay value .
Five cases from the original game are included , and each case should take you a few hours to go through depending on how quickly you read or how much you goof up in court .
Phoenix
Wright is an insane value at its launch price of $ 4.99 , as when it first launched on the DS it was the kind of game you could n’t find anywhere in stock , and when you did , it was at least $ 40.00 because of how rare it was .
It would have been nice to see Capcom do more to the game in its port to the iPhone .
It seems like Phoenix Wright would be the perfect kind of game to offer with a single case for free to act as a lite version of sorts , with the rest of the cases ( and cases from other games in the Phoenix Wright series ) available as individual DLC packs .
Regardless , I ’m just glad the game is finally here , as it was one of the best and most creative games I played on my DS , and a fantastic fit for the iPhone .
Mid-1987 , after nine years as editor - in - chief , Jim Shooter was fired from his position at Marvel Comics and almost immediately , Vince Colletta – an oft - criticised Marvel inker and friend of Shooter who , it is suggested , had long been given work only due to his strong bond with the boss – found himself ostracised by his remaining colleagues .
Soon , with little work reaching his desk and relationships increasingly strained , Colletta – clearly still angry at the dismissal of Shooter – wrote the following letter to the management .
The following letter contains language some may find offensive .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Marvel Editors … you are the droppings of the creative world .
You were destined to float in the cesspool till urine logged and finally sink to the bottom with the rest of the shit but along came Jim Shooter who rolled up his sleeves and rescued you .
He gave you a title , respectability , power and even a credit card that you used and abused .
He made you the highest payed Editors in the history of the business .
He protected you against all that would tamper with your rights , your power and your pocketbook .
He backed you against all Prima Donna free lancers no matter how big …his pockets were always open to you .
No cry of help was too small for him to turn his back on .
As heard in the “ Brass ” section of the company …
” He never asked for anything for himself … always for his men . ”
The roof over your head , the clothes on your back , the car you drive and the trinkets you buy for your blind wives and girlfriends you owe to the Pittsburg kid .
For all he did for you …you repayed him by attacking him like a pack of yellow , prickless faggots .
Ripping away his flesh from his body and laughing and pounding your chest like conquering ghouls and long after his bones were dry you continued to pour salt on them to squeeze every ounce of pain out of him .
Not the slightest whimper or cry or tear came out of this man .
With you still biting at his ankles , he put on his coat and walked away … Displaying more class and poise in defeat than all of you did in victory … Jesus had one Judas … Jim had many , those that speared him and worse , those that watched …
I stuck by him and for that you ’ve nailed me on the same cross …
I thank you for that …
It ’s an honor to be crucified with Jim Shooter …a man who none of you will ever be .
Vince Colletta
Help and Advice on Leaving ELCA
This One Goes to 11 Ale
Like the oyster mushrooms I wrote about in my last post , Chicken of the Woods is another great wild mushroom species for beginning foragers .
It ’s relatively easy to identify , and has only a few look - alikes .
What ’s more , Chicken of the Woods has the texture and taste of real chicken , making it an excellent meat substitute for vegetarians and vegans .
Chicken of the Woods are found in the spring through the fall in most areas .
Look for these overlapping , orange , shelf - like mushrooms on living and dead trees , particularly oaks .
There are two species of chicken mushrooms .
Laetiporus cincinnatus has a cream - colored underside , while Laetiporus sulphureus has a yellow underside and is also known as the Sulphur Shelf .
The chicken mushroom with the white underside is generally thought to be the tastier of the two .
Laetiporus cincinnatus often grows above roots at the base of oak trees , while Laetiporus sulphureus grows directly on the wood .
Hunt With An Expert
As with all foraging , the safest way to learn how to find Chicken of the Woods is to go hunting with an expert before heading out on your own .
There are a few inedible , shelf - like mushrooms that beginners sometimes confuse with Chicken of the Woods , such as Hapalopilus croceus , Inonotus , and Bondarzewia berkeleyi .
Make sure to compare images of these copycats to your foraging haul , so you do n’t end up with something inedible or even potentially poisonous on your plate .
Related Post : Hunting For Wild Oyster Mushrooms
Chicken of the Woods are tastiest when they are very fresh .
Look for the soft , velvety , fleshy stage and avoid older , brittle mushrooms .
If a slab of the mushroom snaps like damp chalk when you break it off of the tree , it ’s too old to eat .
The best way to cook Chicken of the Woods is to cut the meaty lobes into 1/2 - inch wide strips and cook them like you would chicken pieces .
Substitute this mushroom in any recipe that calls for chicken , tofu , tempeh , seiten , or wild mushrooms ( but note that this thick mushroom takes longer to cook than more delicate varieties ) .
Related Post : Morels : Hunting For Wild Mushrooms
I was lucky enough to find some very young and tender Chicken of the Woods last week .
I decided to grill them and serve the mushrooms as an appetizer .
Grilled Chicken of the Woods
Ingredients
6 garlic cloves , peeled and chopped
1/2 cup of fresh flat - leaf parsley , chopped
1 cup of extra-virgin olive oil
Sea salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1 1/2 pounds of Chicken of the Woods mushrooms , cleaned , trimmed , and cut into 1/2 - inch wide strips
Directions
Preheat a charcoal grill .
Combine garlic , parsley , olive oil , salt , and pepper in a bowl .
Brush the mushrooms with the parsley oil .
Grill the mushrooms over medium - hot coals .
Baste often with the parsley oil and turn as necessary , until done ( about 10 minutes ) .
Serve hot or at room temperature .
For more information on Chicken of the Woods , visit :
Image courtesy of amadej2008 via a Creative Commons license .
I ’m beat down .
Why are Mondays so long , even when you do n’t accomplish half of what you wanted to do ?
And I learned today that saying you have no use for religion whatsoever really upsets people .
I ’ll have to say it more often , then - I have no use for religion , I have no use for religion , I have no use for religion .
I could n’t care less what others believe in , and I ’m never going to tell you what to believe in , but apparently that courtesy can not be returned by even our religious liberal friends .
I ’d also like to repost what Aimai said :
You know what would be really great ?
If all the fantastic ( and they are fantastic ) liberal / left Christians would spend five minutes a day writing angry letters to the Christian right wing about how unchristian they are instead of complaining to atheists about how much bad press you all are getting from the overt bad actions of your co-religionists .
As I noted , the reaction from some of you when I said I have no use for religion was so bizarre , you ’d think I was raping kids , gay - bashing , trying to force all taxpayers to fund student groups that gay bash , trying to deny vaccines that prevent cancer to girls because they might have sex , helping the spread of AIDS with idiotic anti-condom crusades and failed abstinence only nonsense , denying people the possibility of medical cures because I have some fetish about a semi-meiotic glob of cells , dictating what women can do with their vagina , trying to make people stupid by denying basic science , and so on .
All I did was say I want no part in religion .
I ’m not even putting up a fight over the overwhelming religious influence on my government , because I like the days off at Christmas and Easter and it is nice to see the majority of the country at least pretending to be happy .
I even like Christmas carols and Gospel music !
And I ’m not throwing stuff in people ’s faces like PZ Myers and the communion biscuit stuff - but you should really look at the amount of in your face stuff you religious folks push on other people .
I ’m not your enemy , and I realize a lot of people find deep meaning and solace in God and your respective religious institutions .
I ’m just not one of them , and I just want to be left the hell alone .
I do n’t care what you believe in until you try to force it on me through the government .
Then I ’m gonna fight back .
And what ’s more American than that ?
It ’s almost like the very first amendment in our Bill of Rights states just that !
Okay , I ’ll have to admit that sometimes I watch Huell Howser on TV talking about all the wonderful things that California has to offer .
This past weekend he talked about straw bale houses which help conserve on heating and cooling bills as much as 80 - percent over typical insulation .
Since it is Earth Day 2010 , I thought I would check to see who else is talking about straw bale houses .
It looks like there is some chatter at STLToday and USAToday over this rejuvenated type of building .
Straw bale houses have actually been around for years starting in the old days in Oklahoma where there were few other building materials around .
Those were pretty crude .
Now , however , straw bale houses , like the name implies are made of waste straw .
This means , when bought in bulk the bales are fairly cheap .
There are several designs for straw bale houses .
One design uses the straw as part of the structure of the house where the roof sits on top and the straw supports it and settles over time .
Another type of home uses a basic wood structure and then straw bales are used as insulation for the home .
Clay is applied by hand to make an adobe style dwelling that is quiet , well insulated and unique in style and design .
If done correctly , the straw bale house can be cheaper to build that a traditional home , especially if the homeowner puts some sweat equity into the building process .
So , happy Earth Day and go forth and build a straw home and invite all of your friends to help out .
Un pack de 5 jeux disponible pendant une semaine au prix que vous voulez , tel est l’objet de l’opération « Humble Indie Bundle » , lancée par Wolfire Games avec d’autre éditeurs de jeux indépendants .
On notera que vous pouvez choisir la répartition de la somme que vous allouez entre les développeurs , l’EFF ( Electronic Frontier Foundation ) et l’association caritative Child ’s Play .
On notera également , et c’est voulu , que les jeux sélectionnés sont tous multiplateformes , c’est - à- dire tous compatibles Windows , Mac et GNU / Linux [ 1 ] .
Du coup tout le monde est potentiellement intéressé et l’on peut faire des statistiques en fonction du système d’exploitation ( OS ) des donateurs .
Or , justement , que constate - t - on , alors même que la campagne n’est pas encore terminée et qu’elle s’annonce déjà être un succès avec ses 600 000 dollars de dons à l’heure où je vous parle ?
On observe que les contributeurs GNU / Linux sont bien plus nombreux à donner que ce qu’ils représentent dans l’absolu sur le marché des OS ( certains disent qu’ils ne dépassent pas les 1 % ) , et que ce don est deux fois supérieur à celui d’un utilisateur Windows .
Je vous laisse en tirer vos propres conclusions ;-)
Les utilisateurs Linux donnent 2 fois plus que les utilisateurs Windows
Linux users contribute twice as much as Windows users
Jeff – 7 mai 2010 – Wolfire Games Blog
( Traduction Framalang : Yostral et Goofy )
Nous avons toujours prôné le développement multiplateforme ; en fait , l’année dernière , nous avions écrit un billet expliquant pourquoi nous devrions supporter Mac OS X et Linux .
En organisant le Humble Indie Bundle , nous avons décidé le mettre de l’argent dans ce que nous soutenons et de sélectionner uniquement des jeux qui étaient portés sur les 3 principales plateformes : Mac , Windows et Linux .
En ce moment nous avons environ 53 500 dons ; beaucoup plus que ce que nous espérions !
Mais d’où sont - ils venus ?
La décomposition en nombre de dons par plateforme est : 65 % Windows , 31 % Mac et 14 % Linux .
Cependant , quand nous regardons la somme des dons par plateforme , on voit quelque chose de différent .
Les dons que nous recevons peuvent être décomposés ainsi par plateforme : 52 % Windows , 25 % Mac et 23 % Linux .
Voici ces résultats sous forme de diagramme en camembert :
La seule explication est que les utilisateurs Mac et Linux donnent beaucoup plus que les utilisateurs Windows .
Jusqu’à présent , l’utilisateur Mac donne en moyenne 40 % de plus et l’utilisateur Linux en moyenne 100 % de plus !
Voici un histogramme montrant les différentes moyennes des dons :
Si vous voulez voir les mises à jour en temps réel de la moyenne des dons par plateforme , J’ai modifié la section stats de la page bundle .
Cliquez ici pour y faire un tour .
Ces moyennes sont restées très stables pendant ces 3 derniers jours , mais maintenant qu’elles sont visibles sur le site , ça sera intéressant de voir si elles changent !
Beer raids in Philly :
More than a dozen armed State Police officers conducted simultaneous raids last week on three popular Philadelphia bars known for their wide beer selections .
The cops confiscated hundreds of bottles of expensive ales and lagers , now in State Police custody at an undisclosed location .
Pennsylvania law requires that all varieties of beer sold in the state be registered with the Liquor Control Board .
The registration , which costs $ 75 per product , is the responsibility of the brewers or importers .
The bars that were raided had bought the beer from licensed distributors , and had no reason to think they had done anything wrong until liquor control agents showed up .
In fact , while there were some real violations , much of the beer was even properly registered , just under a variation on the same name .
" Monk 's Cafe Sour Flemish Red Ale " was confiscated , for instance , even though " Monk 's Café Ale " was on the list .
Industry sources complain that brand registration is typical of the onerous regulations that make selling beer in Pennsylvania difficult .
For example , while it is the responsibility of the brewer or importer to submit the necessary paperwork and registration fee , it is the tavern or restaurant licensee who may be liable for selling unregistered brands , they said .
Registration is further complicated by the growth of under - the - radar one - offs : unique , limited - production , highly sought - after draft beers that appear briefly — perhaps as quickly as an hour — on tavern taps .
While they pay the necessary state and federal taxes , breweries sometimes do not bother to register the brands because they are produced in extremely small amounts .
State police wo n't say who tipped them off the the obscure infraction , only that it was " a citizen complaint . "
The beer is expected to sit around for 6 to 8 months , possibly skunkifying , while the the bar owners go through the process to get their suds back .
Via alert commenter sage .
Japonya 'nın İstanbul Başkonsolosu Norio Ehara , Nilüfer 'de bulunan Japon Parkı 'nı ziyaret etti .
Nilüfer Belediye Başkanı Mustafa
Bozbey ile birlikte çay seremonisine de katılan başkonsolos , Nilüfer 'de bir Japon Parkı bulunmasına çok şaşırdığını ve çok mutlu olduğunu söyledi .
Bursa 'ya temaslarda bulunmak üzere gelen Japonya ' nın İstanbul Başkonsolosu Norio Ehara , eşi Shizue Ehara ile birlikte Nilüfer Belediye Başkanı Mustafa Bozbey ile görüştü .
Başkan Bozbey'i Nilüfer Belediyesi Halk Evi'nde ziyaret eden Başkonsolos Ehara , üçüncü kez geldiği Bursa 'y ı çok sevdiğini söyledi .
Nilüfer Belediyesi Sosyal Destek Hizmetleri Müdürü ve Başkan Bozbey 'in eşi Seden Bozbey , Nilüfer Belediyesi Başkan Yardımcıları ve Nilüfer Belediye Meclisi üyelerinin de hazır bulunduğu ziyarette , Nilüfer 'in kardeş kenti Tokai ile yürüttüğü ortak projeler de konuşuldu .
Nilüfer 'e daha önce de geldiğini ifade eden Başkonsolos Norio Ehara , sürekli değişen ve gelişen bir kent ile karşılaştığını söyledi .
İki ülke arasında sıcak ilişki olduğuna dikkat çeken Ehara , kurumlar arasındaki ortak çalı şmaların samimi ortamı daha da artıracağını ifade etti .
Bozbey , Tokai Belediyesi ile olan kardeş şehir ilişkilerimiz diğer kentlere de örnek oluyor .
Personel değişim projemize hassasiyetle devam ediyoruz .
Bu proje sayesinde iki kurum arasında hem daha sıcak hem de daha verimli farklı projeleri görüp uygulama imkanımız oluyor " dedi .
Başkonsolos Ehara ve eşine günün anısına Nilüfer 'e özgü hediyeler veren Başkan Bozbey , daha sonra konuklarla Çamlıca Mahallesi'ndeki Japon Parkı ' na geçti .
Japonya 'nın İstanbul Başkonsolosu Norio Ehara , eşi Shizue Ehara , Nilüfer Belediye Başkanı Mustafa Bozbey ve eşi Seden Bozbey 'in de katıl ımıyla burada çay seremonisi düzenlendi .
Çay seremonisi öncesinde konuşan Başkonsolos Norio Ehara , " Nilüfer 'de bir Japon bahçesi olması bizi çok mutlu etti .
Nilüfer Belediyesi ile Tokai 'nin kardeş şehir olmasından konsolosluk olarak biz de çok mutluyuz .
Sayın Belediye Başkanı Mustafa Bozbey sayesinde Nilüfer Belediyesi'nin giderek daha da parlayacağını umut ediyor ve bunun için dua ediyorum " dedi .
Bursa 'ya , kendi aşçısı ile birlikte geldiğini belirten Başkonsolos Ehara " Kendi aşçımla birlikte Türkiye 'de bulunan malzemelerle nasıl bir Japon tatlıs ı yapabiliriz diye düşündüm .
Hazırlamış olduğumuz 2 adet Japon tatlısı tarifi var " dedi ve tarifleri Başkan Bozbey'e verdi .
Nilüfer Belediye Başkanı Mustafa Bozbey de " Ustalarımız , bu tarifleri buradaki malzemelerle yapmayı öğrenecekler ve o tatlıları sadece Japonya 'dan gelen konuklar ımıza değil , kafeye gelen tüm konuklar ımıza ikram edecekler .
Bu arada o tarifin adını da koymak lazım .
Japon Ehara tatlısı diyebiliriz .
2010 yılında Tokai 'ye gittiğimizde orada bir çiçeğe Türk ismi olan Ece adı verilmişti .
Şuanda Tokai 'de o çiçek , Ece ismiyle anılıyor " diye konuştu .
Türklerin her zaman Japon halkını kendilerine yakın hissettiğini vurgulayan Başkan Bozbey , Japonya Seyahat Acenteleri Birliği üyesi şirketler tarafından yapılan araştırma sonucunda " Avrupa'nın En Güzel 30 Kasabası " arasında Nilüfer 'in Gölyaz ı Mahallesi 'nin de yer almasına da dikkat çekti .
Başkan Bozbey , " Gölyaz ı ' ya böyle bir değer verilmesinden mutluluk duyduk " dedi .
Japonya 'nın İstanbul Başkonsolosu Ehara ve eşini ev sahibi gibi gördüklerini söyleyen Bozbey , " Çünkü bizim Japonya ' nın Tokai kenti ile yıllardır sürdürdüğümüz kardeş şehir ilişkilerimiz var .
Bu nedenle kendilerini misafir olarak kabul etmiyoruz , onları Nilüferli olarak kabul ediyoruz .
Arkadaşlarımızla birlikte zaman zaman Japonya'y ı ziyaret ediyoruz .
Tokai 'ye gittiğimizde bizi çok güzel ağırl ıyorlar .
Bizi sanki evimizdeymişiz gibi hissettirerek , orada bulunmamızı sağl ıyorlar .
Bu anlamda kendilerine teşekkür ediyorum " dedi .
Nilüfer Belediyesi Japon Parkı ' ndaki seremoni öncesinde konsolosluk sanatçıları da Koto konseri verdi .
Daha sonra geleneksel çay seremonisi gerçekle şti ve Başkan Bozbey ile eşi Seden Bozbey'e çay ikramı yapıldı .
Bozbey ve Başkonsolos Ehara konuklarla birlikte Japon Park ı 'nda da gezerek incelemelerde bulundular .
The Procter & Gamble Co. , which owns the Iams pet food brand , announced a voluntary recall of canned Iams ProActive Health cat and kitten foods Wednesday .
The affected cat and kitten foods contain dates between September 2011 and June 2012 printed on the bottom of the cans .
" Diagnostic testing indicated that the product may contain insufficient levels of thiamine ( Vitamin B1 ) , which is essential for cats , " Procter & Gamble said in a news release Wednesday .
" Cats that were fed these canned products as their only food are at greater risk for developing signs of thiamine deficiency . "
Procter & Gamble , in its news release , advised cat owners who have purchased the affected food to throw it out , although Petco , a major Iams distributor , said in its own release that it expects to have details soon about a refund process for affected cat food cans .
' If Exxon Valdez was a heart attack , Deepwater is a cancer '
Daniel Beltrá , the 2009 Prince 's Rainforest project award - winning photographer , is in the Gulf of Mexico to document the Deepwater Horizon clean - up effort , the threat to the food chain and the difficulties authorities are making for journalists
Jack
1. Gather ingredients
2. Point gun at ingredients and shout “ HOW DO I MAKE A SANDWICH OUT OF YOU ?!?!? ”
3 . Breathe heavily through your nose as though you were about to hit ingredients
4 . Give up and make the sandwich yourself , and eat it bitterly
Kate
1 . Make separate sandwiches , one with peanut butter and one with jelly
2 . Take a bite of the peanut butter sandwich , declaring it the best
3 . Take a bite of the jelly sandwich , declaring it the best
4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 ad infinitum
5 . Follow peanut butter or jelly sandwich into grave danger
Sawyer
1 . Throw the jar of jelly at wall , sneering “ I do n’t need no sandwich ”
2 . Call the mascot on the jar of peanut butter lots of clever nicknames
3 . Huff and puff and stomp around and grumble a lot
4 . When no one ’s looking , make perfect , even , symmetrical peanut butter and jelly sandwich and sit in a corner , enjoying every bite
Locke
1 . Sit idly by , believing that the ingredients will find a way to make a sandwich out of themselves
2 . Lose faith and make the sandwich anyway
3 . Realize that you were the instrument by which the ingredients chose to make a sandwich after all
4 . Run around the room and grab everyone ’s knives , insisting that their sandwiches will do the same in time
Hurley
1 . Make sandwich
2. Eat sandwich
3. Repeat steps 1 and 2 ad infinitum
Sayid
1. Procure 23 milligrams of uranium - 20
2 . Set hadron supercollider to eight megajoules
3. Program a sandwich - making macro using Cobol or Visual Basic
4 . Act all tough - like
Desmond
1. Eat sandwich
2 . Call the sandwich “ brother ”
3 . Place peanut butter slice over jelly slice
4. Spread jelly on the other slice
5. Spread peanut butter on one slice
6 . Take two slices of bread , a jar of peanut butter and a jar of jelly
Ben
1. Steal someone else ’s sandwich
2. Claim you coerced them into making the sandwich for you all along
3 . Say you ’ll tell them everything if they make you another sandwich
4 . Stare at them all creepy - like
Libby
1 . Lay out plans for one of the most intricate , fascinating , and delicious sandwiches of all time
2. Just as you start making it , get shot
Claire
1. Mmmmmmm , peanut butter
よくある趣旨の企画なので大方知ったサイトだろうと思いきや、恥ずかしながら一つも知ったところがなかったのでご紹介。
日本における起業の難しさについていろいろ言われるが、こうしたサービスをアレンジした日本語サービスを始めるとウェブスタートアップなど挑戦する若者を支援することになるのかもね。
ネタ元は Hacker News 。
It depends how you want to interpret the number ‘ 1 ′ .
There is no shame in losing a league title by a single point , but the flip side is that when you ’re a club as used to success as Manchester United , a mere one season without silverware is considered a failure .
The statistics about goals easily sum up United ’s problems .
They had the best defensive record , despite the fact that first - choice central defensive partnership Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic started just nine of the 38 games together .
Where they trailed Chelsea , however , was in front of goal .
The raw ‘ goals scored ’ statistic demonstrates how far they were behind Chelsea in this respect , but perhaps becomes slightly irrelevant in terms of the league title when Chelsea were winning games 7 - 0 and 8 - 0 .
United actually scored more goals this season than in their title - winning display last term , but the problem was the distribution of goals .
Last season , United were the master of the 1 - 0 win – they won ten matches by that scoreline .
This season , there were just four 1 - 0s .
Their goal tally was inflated this season because they thrashed teams more often – four 4 - 0s , and three 5 - 0s .
The more salient statistic is that on six occasions United did n’t find the net , a fact that seems more alarming when compared to Chelsea ’s record of scoring in 37 of 38 games ( Birmingham were the only side to keep them out ) or last year ’s record , when it was three times ( one of them after United had clinched the title ) .
This turned out to be crucial – a single goal in the scoreless game against Blackburn would have won them the title .
And six shut - outs is all the more surprising when you consider that United had more than 50 % of possession in every game all season with the exception of one ( away at Arsenal , when they convincingly won by playing on the counter - attack anyway ) .
They had the ball , so why could n’t they find the net ?
Losing two top- class players in Cristiano Ronaldo and Carlos Tevez last summer was clearly always going to be difficult to recover from , whilst Dimitar Berbatov ’s lack of form , Michael Owen ’s injury problems and Wayne Rooney ’s own fitness worries played a part – had Rooney played against Blackburn , things could have been different .
But there is an argument that , in terms of quality , United were not that much weaker than last season .
Rooney ’s transformation into a world - class central striker , Antonio Valencia ’s instant impact on the right wing and Nani ’s vast improvement partially made up for the loss of Ronaldo , whilst Michael Owen scored only two fewer goals this season than Tevez did last season , despite being injured for the final three months .
United ’s problem this season was not a lack of quality , but a lack of variation in attack .
Ronaldo and Tevez were so useful for United in recent years not merely because of their ability , but because of their versatility .
Both players could play on the left , on the right , as a central striker or just off the front .
Given Rooney ’s similar nature , and Nani and Park ’s ability to play on either flank comfortably , United were so difficult to face , because the opposing manager was never sure quite what he would be facing – even when he became aware of United ’s starting XI .
Owen and Valencia , however , are both limited to one position .
Owen is a forward , plain and simple ( although he has developed his game into a more all - round player in recent years ) whilst Ferguson has acknowledged that Valencia is only comfortable on the right - hand side – before the match away in Bayern , he admitted dropping Valencia in favour of Park and Nani on the wings , because those two had the ability to switch midway through the game if necessary .
If it was a factor in Munich , it ’s fair to say that it will have been a factor at other points in the season , and handicapped Ferguson ’s ability to tactically outwit opposing managers .
And of course , the lack of versatility of Valencia and Owen has a knock - on effect on other players in the side .
Nani ’s ability to play on either flank is of little use if Valencia ’s right - sidedness dictates he must play on the left ( Nani admits he prefers the right ) .
United ’s lack of striking options when Rooney was injured late in the season suddenly became very apparent , especially with Berbatov ’s lack of confidence .
In that crucial game at Blackburn , the Bulgarian played alongside Federico Macheda ( making his first start of the season ) as United failed to score .
United seemed rigid and inflexible .
Last season , with Rooney , Tevez and Ronaldo able to interchange , the Blackburn defence would have been left guessing until the final minute .
This season , United were simply too predictable when it came to breaking down the opposition on six occasions , and ultimately it cost them the title .
Ferguson ’s shopping list this summer will surely feature an attacking player , but versatility might be as important as raw quality .
Ferguson has become a fine tactician in recent years , and he needs the right tools to work with – this season he was constrained by too many players being one - dimensional .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
i Rip 2.1
Transfer everything from your iPod or iPhone to your
computer .
Even your text messages .
Download iRip now .
by KitchenInc - 80 Reviews - 8 List
While a good place to start would be pretty much any British pub in town , we 've made it easier for you by listing the best of the bunch for Cup viewing .
Each of the places listed below will be showing most of the games ( with the exception of Emporio which only features Brazil ) and was chosen for its atmosphere and specials .
We tried to pick places that feature special opening hours for the early games .
One great place that will be added to the list as soon as CS allows : 1252 Tapas Bar in the Woodlands .
マーケティングという職業を一言で言い表すと「ある商品やサービスを出来るだけ多くの顧客に販売するため、様々な施策を考える仕事」です。
あるアイデアを持ったメーカーや開業した事業主に対し、アイデアを具現化するための施策を練り上げ実践し、売上げとして成果を上げていくことにあります。その業務サイクルは、まずターゲットとする業界の動向や市場の動きを正確に把握し、その結果を元に具体的な販売プランを立てていきます。その後、販売して得られた結果を踏まえて次のアクションへとつなげていきます。このサイクルを繰り返し続けていくことで、マーケティングのスキルを向上させていきます。
このような特徴から、マーケティングの仕事・職種が求めている人材は、物事を俯瞰的・客観的に捉えて見ることが出来る人、適切な目標設定が出来る人、数字に貪欲な人が該当します。
また、マーケティングを業務として実行していくためにはパソコンのスキルを予め磨いておくことが重要になります。また、顧客は日本国内に限りませんので、語学力を持っていると有利になります。
マーケティング職を得るための必須資格は特にありませんが、就職面接時に有利となる資格はいくつかあります。ネットマーケティング検定やマーケティング・ビジネス検定、Webアナリストなどです。資格取得のための勉強を通じ、マーケティングの基本知識を得ることが出来る為、持っておいて損はありません。
マーケティングは、経営を成功させるための重要な要素です。将来開業も視野に入れているという方は、今のうちからマーケティングのノウハウや仕事の取り方をしっかりと叩き込んでおきましょう。
net - concurrent is a simple haskell library for doing parallel computation on several computers using the network .
There is a single master process and many slave processes .
Communication is between the master and the slaves , for simplicity slaves never communicate with each other .
Communication is done using NVars , network variables .
The NVar api is very similar to MVar .
These are stored in the master process and shared between all processes in the system .
Slave nodes can read and write these NVar variables which results in network transactions with the master .
Car's Eye
Without this , my car would go blind .
Taken with my Nokia phone .
Lens made by myself .
Done
The first step in the process begins almost immediately , and that is the redirection of oil , so that it flows up through the choke lines of the BOP to the Q4000 .
( corrected to remove the kill line , which is not being used - h/t rainyday )
This post will go through and explain what the letter describes , and I intend , in a later post , to explain in more detail why BP should plan for a steadily increasing volume of oil .
Simplistically , it is because the erosion from the sand in the oil continues to widen passages through the reservoir , the casing and lining of the well , and the blow out preventer ( BOP ) .
The latest " production " figures are
BP has now sent a reply to Admiral Watson in regard to the Coast Guard request that BP provide a “ better ” plan for dealing with the oil spill at the Deepwater Horizon site .
In part , the response deals with increasing the capacity for the collection of oil through the provision of additional vessels ; in part , by providing better for a Hurricane , and in part , by providing better back - up systems .
This is a reversal of the flow of mud that was used in the Top Kill option tried earlier .
The system is being tested today , and if it all works , then by tomorrow ( Tuesday the 15th ) the oil and gas drawn off from the well , will flow up the 3 - inch lines to the Q4000 where the oil will be vaporized and burned with the “ Evergreen Burner . ”
Given that this will burn oil in the range from 5 – 13,000 barrels a day ( at $ 75 a barrel ) that is a lot of money ( up to $ 1 million a day ) going up in smoke that could have gone to relief – but that is becoming small change .
However a single Burner can only burn 3,000 bd , so it would appear that a multiple mount is being built .
The Schlumberger Evergreen Burner
There are some concerns with this plan .
Some of the “ junk ” pumped into the well might be flushed back out by the oil , into these smaller lines , and block them .
The sand in the oil that is eroding the BOP and casing could also erode the choke and kill lines , which are vulnerable , particularly at the couplings and with the hose jumpers .
Those concerns will continue until the more permanent risers are installed .
That should bring the capacity of the system up to 28,000 bd .
But the continued erosion of the flow paths means that additional provisions should be on hand .
The first increase in capacity – Adding the Q4000 to the collection system
At the end of the month the more permanent riser ( for which they just located the suction pile ) will be in place .
This will allow a more permanent sub -sea system to be installed that will be less vulnerable to Hurricanes .
The riser will provide oil to either the Toisa Pisces , or the Helix Producer .
This latter is a Floating Production Unit that is already in the Gulf , but working on the Phoenix field .
As a result of the HPI 's involvement in the BP spill response , production from Helix ESG's Phoenix deepwater oil field will be deferred until the HPI comes off hire with BP .
Helix ESG expects the financial contribution from the BP HPI contract will offset the financial impact from deferred production of the Phoenix oilfield .
The Phoenix oil field , located in the Gulf of Mexico's Green Canyon block 237 , is ready to commence production upon HPI 's return to the site , with all necessary U.S. Coast Guard and Minerals Management Service permits and approvals in place .
However , the opportunity costs for this additional back - up are only going to become obvious in the longer term .
Step 2 – the second vessel arrives and is connected .
At this point in the process , with a capacity of 53,000 bbl , a day there is still the concern that the well could be producing up to 100,000 bd , and so additional capacity is still required .
This will come by now supplying a floating , production , storage , and offloading unit ( FPSO ) to the site .
I had mentioned this last week , at which time BP did not seem to think one was necessary .
They have now changed their minds and a vessel ( rumored to be the Seillean ) will be released from South America to come to the Gulf .
It will take 4 - weeks to arrive , and is being brought , in part , to provide insurance in case the Toisa Pisces , or the Helix Producer should have a problem .
This can handle some 25,000 bd , and will raise to overall capacity at the site to 80,000 bd .
However the flow paths will be changed , so that the primary vessels receiving oil are the Helix Producer and the Toisa Pisces , which can handle up to 50,000 bd , and the other vessels available ( the Enterprise and the Clear Leader , which is a second drillship , – the Q4000 being possibly released ) providing additional coverage .
Step 3 .
The additional flow and storage capacities by mid-July .
It is interesting to note the plans include that the new LMRP cap that will be installed will “ ensure a successful relief well kill operation . ”
As part of the transition the controls of the feed lines on the BOP , which currently pass through the yellow pod on it , must be transferred to one of the FPSO ’s and to back this up , the engineers are now working to resurrect the blue pod on the BOP and make this available .
BP add some caveats to their current plans .
1. Changing the cap could cause problems .
2 . It depends how good a seal the new cap gets as to how much oil will be collected .
3 . The flow rate is not known , and so the plans are only contingent on the estimates .
4. Leaks will occur whenever the system has to change .
5 . They ca n’t collect oil in the middle of a hurricane .
Now all we have to do is to see if President Obama leaves them with enough cash to pay for all this .
" The portrayal of angels , one of the things that 's most oft missed is that when angels take human form , they should be subject to all the temptations we are subject to "
" So if you do n't have that burden [ your soul having to answer for something ] , what keeps you from doing whatever the f*** you want to do ; nothing "
Christopher Judge was at StarFest in Denver , Colorado this past weekend .
I got a chance to catch up with the actor Sunday , early afternoon which was still a little too early for Chris at that point .
The gracious actor worked very hard at the convention and played very hard at night as well .
Judge is best known for his role as the alien , Teal'c on .
He had the entire audience enthralled at his Q & A session and works the room like a seasoned comedian .
I was fortunate enough to get some time with him and it went quickly .
In this clip we discussed any future Stargate movies and his new upcoming series called .
It is about the Archangel Gabriel , who comes to Earth to herald the rest of his angels to begin Armageddon .
Chris does n't pull any punches here , so there is " adult language and themes " discussed in the video .
I asked him the possibility of another Stargate movie .
Chris said all the actors are signed on for another but after the financial crisis stalled things , time has passed [ deadpans at camera ] Judge has written the pilot episode for the new Starz series , , and he is still working on the .
After telling me the premise of the show , he made sure to touch base on why this was different from other movies or series involving angels :
They hope to be shooting the series this Fall and Starz has told him to do whatever he wants and to " make it darker " .
In the mean time , Judge will be working on a remake of .
To check out Christopher 's portrayals of superheroes , past and future , head over to my site , The Dog Pound , at ComicBookMovie.com .
Ende des Protestpartei - Hypes Piraten erleiden Schiffbruch
Internet und Datenschutz , diese Formel reichte der Piratenpartei zu einem beachtlichen Aufstieg .
Doch damit ist es jetzt vorbei : Die inhaltliche Ausrichtung ist unklar , die Führung rein männlich - und der letzte Parteitag geriet zur Farce .
Weitere Wahlerfolge sind denkbar unwahrscheinlich .
I am enjoying the themed comics , as you can tell .
Today we bring you more high school literature comics .
During my time in high school , we did Macbeth not once , but twice .
Which was lame in one way because I still have n't read Hamlet , but on the other hand it was sweet , because Macbeth rules .
There is a copy of Hamlet sitting beside me now , though I spilled a drink on it earlier today .
It 's still good .
Two boys aged 10 and 11 were today found guilty of attempting to rape an eight - year - old girl , but were cleared of raping her .
The boys , who have sat next to their mothers in the well of a court at the Old Bailey for the last two weeks , were among the youngest ever to be charged with rape in England and Wales .
A jury found them not guilty on two charges each of raping the girl in Hayes , west London , in October last year .
They were later found guilty of two charges each of attempted rape , by majorities of 10 to two .
As a concession to the defendants ' age , the judge and counsel dispensed with wigs and gowns and reporters were asked to spread out around the court rather than congregate in an intimidating huddle on the press bench .
Proceedings were also kept short to help the boys follow what was going on ; the day was divided into two 40 - minute sessions in the morning and two 30 - minute sessions in the afternoon to mimic a primary school timetable .
Opening the case almost a fortnight ago , Rosina Cottage , prosecuting , told the six - man , six - woman jury that they would hear evidence of a most serious crime .
" This case concerns rape by two boys still at primary school of a girl even younger than them , " she said .
" Together they took her to different locations near where they lived in order to find a sufficiently secluded spot to assault her .
The events leading to the alleged rapes all took place in and around a block of flats and they ended in a field . "
Cottage told the court the girl had been playing with a five - year - old friend near her home in Hayes on 27 October when the defendants arrived and suggested visiting another friend .
But Cottage said that when the four children arrived at the block of flats where the friend lived , the defendants pulled down their pants and those of the girl .
After the scene was repeated in the lift of the block of flats , the girl and her younger friend were trapped by the older boys in a shed that held rubbish bins , Cottage said .
Once again , said Cottage , the girl 's pants were pulled down and she was sexually assaulted before eventually being taken to a nearby field and allegedly raped .
The jury was then shown a recorded interview shot by specially trained police officers the day after the alleged assaults .
In it , the girl played with a teddy bear she had named Mr Happy while she told one of the officers how the boys had exposed themselves , pulled down her pants and raped her .
However , the girl 's story changed radically when she was cross -examined via a videolink .
She said she had lied to her mother because she had been " naughty " and was worried she would not get any sweets .
In a series of questions , she was asked if any parts of her body had been penetrated by the boys .
She replied each time : " No . "
She also admitted that she had agreed to play with the boys and had pulled down her own underwear while the boys exposed themselves to her .
Linda Strudwick , defending the older boy , asked her : " Did you ever tell your mum it was not you but it was [ the boys ] who took your knickers down ?
You did n't want your mum to think you had been naughty ? "
The girl replied : " Yeah . "
The judge asked what the girl had been worried about and she replied : " No sweets if it [ sic ] found out I had been naughty . "
The problem , as one of the defence barristers told the jury , was that everything hinged on the girl 's testimony .
" Apart from saying that the girl said it had happened so it must have , Ms Cottage provided you with absolutely nothing to support the allegation of rape and attempted rape , " said Chetna Patel , counsel for the younger boy .
" No useful medical evidence , no DNA evidence and no forensic evidence : nothing . "
Strudwick said that her client was " a normal boy … not a monster " , adding that a children 's game appeared to have got out of hand .
" What this case is about is not a serious crime , " she said .
" It is about children .
There is a game called ' You show me yours and I will show you mine ' .
" Maybe it went too far , maybe it went to touching , maybe they were doing something they had seen on television , maybe they were playing that age - old game , doctors and nurses .
" They are kids .
If [ my client ] had been a few months younger , he could not have been charged . "
But in her closing speech , Cottage warned the jury not to trivialise what had taken place .
" On the face of it , would n't it be so much easier and so much nicer to believe that this was all a case of innocent sexual experimentation , a game of you show me yours and I will show you mine , a case of [ the girl ] misunderstanding what had happened and innocently exaggerating it ? " she said .
" Just because it would be easier , just because we do n't really want to consider that these things really did happen , is not the way to decide this case .
You have to look at the evidence . "
Part of the Series The Public Intellectual
There has been a long , though declining , tradition in the United States in which public school teaching was embraced as an important public service .
It was assumed that teachers provided a crucial foundation for educating young people in the values , skills and knowledge that enabled them to be critical citizens capable of shaping and expanding democratic institutions .
Since the 1980s , teachers have been under an unprecedented attack by those forces that view schools less as a public good than as a private right .
Seldom accorded the status of intellectuals that they deserved , they remain the most important component in the learning process for students , while serving as a moral compass to gauge how seriously a society invests in its youth and in the future .
Yet , teachers are being deskilled , unceremoniously removed from the process of school governance , largely reduced to technicians or subordinated to the authority of security guards .
Underlying these transformations are a number of forces eager to privatize schools , substitute vocational training for education and reduce teaching and learning to reductive modes of testing and evaluation .
Indications of the poisonous transformation of both the role of the public school and the nature of teacher work abound .
The passage of laws promoting high - stakes testing for students and the use of test scores to measure teacher quality have both limited the autonomy of teacher authority and devalued the possibility of critical teaching and visionary goals for student learning .
Teachers are no longer asked to think critically and be creative in the classroom .
On the contrary , they are now forced to simply implement predetermined instructional procedures and standardized content , at best ; and , at worst , put their imaginative powers on hold while using precious classroom time to teach students how to master the skill of test taking .
Subject to what might be labeled as a form of bare or stripped - down pedagogy , teachers are removed from the processes of deliberation and reflection , reduced to implementing lock - step , time - on - task pedagogies that do great violence to students , while promoting a division of labor between conception and execution hatched by bureaucrats and “ experts ” from mainly conservative foundations .
Questions regarding how teachers motivate students , make knowledge meaningful in order to make it critical and transformative , work with parents and the larger community or exercise the authority needed to become a constructive pedagogical force in the classroom and community are now sacrificed to the dictates of an instrumental rationality largely defined through the optic of measurable utility .
Little is said in this discourse about allocating more federal dollars for public schooling , replacing the aging infrastructures of schooling or increasing salaries so as to expand the pool of qualified teachers .
Nor are teachers praised for their public service , the trust we in part to them in educating our children or the firewall they provide between a culture saturated in violence and idiocy and the civilizing and radical imaginative possibilities of an educated mind capable of transforming the economic , political and racial injustices that surround and bear down so heavily on public schools .
Instead , teachers are stripped of their worth and dignity by being forced to adopt an educational vision and philosophy that has little respect for the empowering possibilities of either knowledge or critical classroom practices .
Put bluntly , knowledge that ca n’t be measured is viewed as irrelevant , and teachers who refuse to implement a standardized curriculum and evaluate young people through objective measures of assessments are judged as incompetent or disrespectful .
Any educator who believes that students should learn more than how to obey the rules , take tests , learn a work skill or adopt without question the cruel and harsh market values that dominate society “ will meet , ” as James Baldwin insists in his “ Talk to Teachers , ” “ the most fantastic , the most brutal and the most determined resistance . ” [ 1 ]
And while the mythic character of education has always been at odds with its reality , as Baldwin noted in talking about the toxic education imposed on poor black children , the assault on public schooling in its current form truly suggests that “ we are living through a very dangerous time . ” [ 2 ]
As the space of public schooling is reduced to a mindless infatuation with the metrics of endless modes of testing and increasingly enforces this deadening experience with disciplinary measures reminiscent of prison culture , teachers are increasingly removed from dealing with children as part of a broader historical , social and cultural context .
As the school is militarized , student behavior becomes an issue that either the police or security forces handle .
Removed from the normative and pedagogical framing of classroom life , teachers no longer have the option to think outside of the box , to experiment , be poetic or inspire joy in their students .
School has become a form of dead time , designed to kill the imagination of both teachers and students .
For years , teachers have offered students advice , corrected their behavior , offered help in addressing their personal problems and went out of their way to understand the circumstances surrounding even the most serious of student infractions .
Couple this role of teachers as both caretaker and engaging intellectual with the imposition of a stripped - down curriculum that actually disdains creative teacher work while relegating teachers to the status of clerks .
Needless to say , the consequences for both teachers and students have been deadly .
Great ideas , modes of knowledge , disciplinary traditions and honorable civic ideals are no longer engaged , debated and offered up as a civilizing force for expanding the students ’ capacities as critical individuals and social agents .
Knowledge is now instrumentalized and the awe , magic and insight it might provide is stripped way as it is redefined through the mindless logic of quantification and measurement that now grips the culture of schooling and drives the larger matrix of efficiency , productivity and consumerism shaping the broader society .
One current example of the unprecedented attack being waged against teachers , meaningful knowledge and critical pedagogy can be found in Senate Bill 6 , which is being pushed by Florida legislators .
Under this bill , the quality of teaching and the worth of a teacher are solely determined by student test scores on standardized tests .
Teacher pay would be dependent upon such test scores , while the previous experience of a teacher would be deemed irrelevant .
Moreover , advanced degrees and professional credentials would now become meaningless in determining a teacher ’s salary .
Professional experience and quality credentials are now made irrelevant next to the hard reality of an empiricism that appears divorced from any semblance of reality .
The real point of the bill is to both weaken the autonomy and authority of teachers and to force the Florida teacher ’s union to accept merit pay for teachers .
But there is more at stake in this bill than a regressive understanding of the role and power of teachers and the desire to eliminate the very conditions , places and spaces that make good teaching possible .
The bill also mandates that the power of local school boards be restricted , that new teachers be given probationary contracts for up to five years and then placed on a contract to be renewed annually .
Moreover , salaries are now excluded as a subject of collective bargaining .
This bill degrades the purpose of schooling , teaching and learning .
It is not only harsh and cruel , but educationally reactionary and is designed to turn public schools into political tools for corporate dominated legislators , while depriving students of any viable notion of teaching and learning .
This bill is bad for schools , teachers , students and democracy .
It lacks any viable ethical and political understanding of how schools work , what role they should play in a democracy and what the myriad forces are that both undermine critical teaching and critical learning .
Moreover , it turns the curriculum into a tool box for ignoramuses .
We need a new language for understanding public education as formative for democratic institutions and for the vital role that teachers play in such a project .
When I first wrote “ Teachers as Intellectuals ” in 1988 , I argued that education should be viewed as a moral and political practice that always presupposes particular renditions of what constitutes legitimate knowledge , values , citizenship , modes of understanding and views of the future .
In other words , teaching was always directive in its attempt to shape students as particular agents and offer them a particular understanding of the present and the future .
And while schools have a long history of simply attempting to reproduce the ideological contours of the existing society , they are capable of much more , and therein lay their danger and possibilities .
At their worst , teachers have been viewed as merely gatekeepers .
At best , they are one of the most valued professions we have in educating future generations in the discourse , values and relations of democratic empowerment .
Rather than viewed as disinterested technicians , teachers should be viewed as engaged intellectuals , willing to construct the classroom conditions that provide the knowledge , skills and culture of questioning necessary for students to participate in critical dialogue with the past , question authority , struggle with ongoing relations of power and prepare themselves for what it means to be active and engaged citizens in the interrelated local , national and global public spheres .
Defining teachers as public intellectuals and schools as democratic public spheres is as applicable today as it was when I wrote “ Teachers as Intellectuals . ”
Central to fostering a pedagogy that is open and discerning , fused with a spirit of critical inquiry that fosters rather than mandates modes of individual and social agency is the assumption that teachers should not only be critical intellectuals , but also have some control over the conditions of their own pedagogical labor .
Academic labor at its best flourishes when it is open to dialogue , respects the time and conditions teachers need to prepare lessons , research , cooperate with each other and engage valuable community resources .
Put differently , teachers are the major resource for what it means to establish the conditions for education to be linked to critical learning rather than training , embrace a vision of democratic possibility rather than a narrow instrumental notion of education and embrace the specificity and diversity of children ’s lives rather than treat them as if such differences did not matter .
Hence , teachers deserve the respect , autonomy , power and dignity that such a task demands .
The basic premise here is that if public education is a crucial sphere for creating citizens equipped to exercise their freedoms and learn the competencies necessary to question the basic assumptions that govern democratic political life , public school teachers must be allowed to shape the conditions that enable them to assume their responsibility as citizen - scholars , take critical positions , relate their work to larger social issues , offer multiple forms of literacies , debate and dialogue about pressing social problems and provide the conditions for students to conjure up the hope and belief that civic life matters , that they can make a difference in shaping society so as to expand its democratic possibilities for all groups .
Of course , this is not merely a matter of changing the consciousness of teachers or the larger public or the ways in which teachers are educated .
These are important considerations , but what must be embraced in this recognition of the importance of public schools teachers is that such an investment is an issue of politics , ethics and power , all of which must be viewed as part of a larger struggle to connect the crisis of schooling and teaching to the crisis of democracy itself .
Teachers all over America now labor under the shadow of a number of anti-democratic tendencies extending from a ruthless market fundamentalism that mistakes students for products and equates learning with the practice of conformity and disciplinary mindlessness .
On the other side are those anti-intellectual and residual religious and political fundamentalists who view schooling as a threat to orthodoxy and tradition and want to silence critical forms of pedagogy as well as eliminate those teachers who value thinking over conformity , teaching over training and empowerment over deskilling .
What all of these anti-democratic tendencies share are a disregard for critical teaching and a disdain for the notion of teachers as critical and public intellectuals .
Against these anti-democratic tendencies is the challenge of redefining and reimagining teachers as public intellectuals and the schools as a democratic public sphere , both of which provide an invaluable resource in reminding the larger society , if not teachers and everyone concerned about education , of their responsibility to take ethical and risky positions and engage practices currently at odds with both religious fundamentalism and the market - driven values that dominate schooling .
Educators now face the daunting challenge of creating new discourses , pedagogies and collective strategies that will offer students the hope and tools necessary to revive education as a political and ethical response to the demise of democratic public life .
Such a challenge suggests struggling to keep alive those institutional spaces , forums and public spheres that support and defend critical education , help students come to terms with their own power as individual and social agents , exercise civic courage and engage in community projects and research that are socially responsible .
None of this will happen unless the American public refuses to allow schools and teachers to surrender what counts as knowledge , values and skills to the highest bidder .
In part , this requires pedagogical practices that connect the space of language , culture and identity to their deployment in larger physical and social spaces .
Such pedagogical practices are based on the presupposition that it is not enough to teach students how to read the word and knowledge critically .
They most also learn how to act on their beliefs , reflect on their role as engaged citizens and intervene in the world as part of the obligation of what it means to be a socially responsible agent .
As critical and public intellectuals , teachers must fight for the right to dream , conceptualize and connect their visions to classroom practice .
They must also learn to confront directly the threat from fundamentalisms of all varieties that seek to turn democracy into a mall , a sectarian church or an adjunct of the emerging punishing state .
What the concept of teachers as public intellectuals references , once again , is that the most important role of teachers is not only to educate students to be critical thinkers , but also prepare them to be activists in the best sense of the term – that is , thoughtful and active citizens willing to fight for the economic , political and social conditions and institutions that make democracy possible .
The reason why public education has become so dangerous is that it associates teaching and learning with civic values , civic courage and a respect for the common good – a position decidedly at odds with the unbridled individualism , privatized discourse , excessive competition , hyper militarized masculinity and corporate values that now drive educational policy and practice .
There are those critics who , in tough economic times , insist that providing students with anything other than work skills threatens their future viability on the job market .
While I believe that public education should equip students with skills to enter the workplace , it should also educate them to contest workplace inequalities , imagine democratically organized forms of work and identify and challenge those injustices that contradict and undercut the most fundamental principles of freedom , equality and respect for all people who constitute the global public sphere .
Moreover , public education should be about more than learning how to take a test , job preparation or even critical consciousness raising ; it is also about imagining a more just future , one that does more than replicate the present .
In contrast to the cynicism and political withdrawal that screen and mainstream media cultures foster , a critical education demands that its citizens be able to translate the interface of private considerations and public issues ; be able to recognize those anti-democratic forces that deny social , economic and political justice ; and be willing to give some thought to their experiences as a matter of anticipating and struggling for a better world .
In short , democratic rather than commercial values should be the primary concerns of both public education and the university .
If the right - wing educational reforms now being championed by the Obama administration and many state governments continue unchallenged , America will become a society in which a highly trained , largely white elite will continue to command the techno - information revolution , while a vast , low - skilled majority of poor and minority workers will be relegated to filling the McJobs proliferating in the service sector .
The children of the rich and privilege will be educated in exclusive private schools and the rest of the population , mostly poor and nonwhite , will be offered bare forms of pedagogy suitable to work in the dead end low skill service sector of society , assuming that these jobs will be available .
Teachers will lose most of their rights , protections and dignity and be treated as clerks of the empire .
And as more and more young people fail to graduate from high school , they will fill the ranks of those disposable populations now filling up our prisons at a record pace .
In contrast to this vision , I strongly believe that genuine , critical education cannot be confused with job training .
At the same time , public schools have to be viewed as institutions as crucial to the security and safety of the country as national defense .
If educators and others are to prevent this distinction between education and training from becoming blurred , it is crucial to both challenge the ongoing corporatization of public schools , while upholding the promise of the modern social contract in which all youth , guaranteed the necessary protections and opportunities , were a primary source of economic and moral investment , symbolizing the hope for a democratic future .
In short , those individuals and groups concerned about the promise of education need to reclaim their commitment to future generations by taking seriously the Protestant theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer ’s belief that the ultimate test of morality for any democratic society resides in the condition of its children .
If public education is to honor this ethical commitment , it will have to not only re-establish its obligation to young people , but reclaim its role as a democratic public sphere and uphold its support for teachers .
Defending teachers as engaged intellectuals and public schools as democratic public spheres is not a call for any one ideology on the political spectrum to determine the shape of the future direction of public and university education .
But at the same time , such a defense reflects a particular vision of the purpose and meaning of public and higher education and their crucial role in educating students to participate in an inclusive democracy .
Teachers have a responsibility to engage critical pedagogy as a an ethical referent and a call to action for educators , parents , students and others to reclaim public education as a democratic public sphere , a place where teaching is not reduced to learning how to master either tests or acquire low level jobs skills , but a safe space where reason , understanding , dialogue and critical engagement are available to all faculty and students .
Education , if not teaching itself , in this reading , becomes the site of ongoing struggles to preserve and extend the conditions in which autonomy of judgment and freedom of action are informed by the democratic imperatives of equality , liberty and justice , while ratifying and legitimating the role of teachers as critical and public intellectuals .
Viewing public schools as laboratories of democracy and teachers as critical intellectuals offers a new generation of educators an opportunity to understand education as a concrete reminder that the struggle for democracy is , in part , an attempt to liberate humanity from the blind obedience to authority and that individual and social agency gain meaning primarily through the freedoms guaranteed by the public sphere , where the autonomy of individuals only becomes meaningful under those conditions that guarantee the workings of an autonomous society .
The current vicious assault on public school teachers is a reminder that the educational conditions that make democratic identities , values and politics possible and effective have to be fought for more urgently at a time when democratic public spheres , public goods and public spaces are under attack by market and other ideological fundamentalists who either believe that corporations can solve all human problems or that dissent is comparable to aiding terrorists – positions that share the common dominator of disabling a substantive notion of ethics , politics and democracy .
The rhetoric of accountability , privatization and standardization that now dominates both major political parties does more than deskill teachers , weaken teacher unions , dumb down the curriculum and punish students ; it also offers up a model for education that undermines it as a public good .
Under such circumstances , teacher work and autonomy are not only devalued ; learning how to govern and be a critical citizen in a fragile democracy are hijacked .
As Baldwin reminded us , we live in dangerous times , yet as educators , parents , activists and workers , we can address the current assault on democracy by building local and social movements that fight for the rights of teachers and students to teach and learn with the necessary autonomy , resources and dignity .
Democratic struggles cannot overemphasize the special responsibility of teachers as intellectuals to shatter the conventional wisdom and myths of those ideologies that would relegate educators to mere technicians , clerks of the empire or mere adjuncts of the corporation .
As the late Pierre Bourdieu argued , the “ power of the dominant order is not just economic , but intellectual – lying in the realm of beliefs , ” and it is precisely within the domain of ideas that a sense of utopian possibility can be restored to the public realm . [ 3 ]
Teaching in this instance is not simply about critical thinking , but also about social engagement , a crucial element of not just learning and social engagement , but politics itself .
Most specifically , democracy necessitates quality teachers and critical pedagogical practices that provide a new ethic of freedom and a reassertion of collective responsibility as central preoccupations of a vibrant democratic culture and society .
Such a task , in part , suggests that any movement for social change put education and the rights of students and teachers at the forefront of such a struggle .
Teachers are more crucial in the struggle for democracy than security guards and the criminal justice system .
Students deserve more that being trained to be ignorant and willing accomplices of the corporation and the empire .
Teachers represent a valued resource and are one of the few groups left that can educate students in ways that enable them to resist the collective insanity that now threatens this country .
We need to take them seriously by giving them the dignity , labor conditions , salaries , freedom , time and support they deserve .
This may be the most important challenge Americans face as we move into the 21st century .
[ 1 ] .
James Baldwin , “ A Talk to Teachers , ” The Saturday Review ( December 21 , 1963 ) .
Online : https://richgibson.com/talktoteachers.htm
[ 2 ] .
Ibid .
[ 3 ] .
Pierre Bourdieu and Gunter Grass , “ The ‘ Progressive ’ Restoration : A Franco - German Dialogue , ” New Left Review 14 ( March - April , 2003 ) , p. 66 .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Photojournalists often distort the aftermath of the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear power plant explosion .
They parachute in , expecting danger and despair , then leave after a few brief days with photos of deformed children and abandoned buildings .
This sensationalist approach obscures the more complex stories about how a displaced community adapts and survives .
There is suffering , yes .
But there ’s also joy and beauty .
Endurance and hope .
Overall , some 350,000 people were displaced by the nuclear accident , and six million continue to live in contaminated areas .
For many of the evacuees I interviewed about Chernobyl , losing their homes was as traumatic as the accident itself .
In the two years I spent living in the villages I photographed I heard compelling stories about alcoholism , mental illness , unemployment , and crime .
Vova likes to go mushroom hunting with his in - laws , despite government warnings against it .
Viktor survived cancer treatment only to watch his wife Lydia develop cancer as well .
Vasily would die before he would live anywhere else .
I am both an artist and an environmentalist , and I find that the two cross-pollinate in my photography .
In this project I examine the human impacts of environmental change .
Why do some overcome difficulties while others surrender to them ?
What does it mean when your home is irreparably changed ?
For more on Michael Forster Rothbart ’s After Chernobyl project , including an audio narration of the photos , check out afterchernobyl.com .
Before Boing Boing Gadgets and Offworld were reabsorbed by the mother entity , we used to put up pointless , bizarre flash game parodies now and again .
I just chanced across the preliminary work for Gadget Gauntlet , one such project that we never completed .
The idea would have been the classic game Gauntlet II , but instead of being a Wizard , Warrior , Valkyrie or Elf mindlessly emptying a dungeon of treasure , you would have been one of four types of shopper wandering a zombie - infested mall to loot consumer durables .
I thought you may enjoy the concept art and theme tune .
Listen : Gadget Gauntlet
MEMO , May 2 , 2010
Islamic charities in the Occupied Palestinian Territories play an important role in helping the poor and needy who are suffering from poverty and unemployment .
The siege of Gaza � now in its fourth year � is making life particularly difficult as all aspects of life are virtually paralyzed .
Despite their humanitarian role , these charities are the subject of a Zionist campaign in the West intended to stop their charitable work ; assets have been frozen , officials have been targeted and offices have been closed , particularly in the occupied West Bank .
According to the Office Director of the Charitable Organization for the Relief of the Palestinian People in Gaza , Omar Shallah , " Charity work in Palestine is going through a critical period because of this spiteful campaign led by America and the Zionist lobby . "
Post - 9/11 , charities were accused of " supporting terrorism and illegal activities " even though it was clear that their funds were used to support orphans and the needy .
" All of these charities work very transparently , " said Mr. Shallah , " using funds from known sources sent for specific purposes : orphans , financial support and food parcels . "
Such support , he added , is vital for the people of Palestine living under Israel�s illegal occupation and siege .
When asked about the degree of cooperation between charities and government institutions , especially the Ministry of Social Affairs in Gaza , Mr. Shallah said " There is cooperation but it does not reach the level required for a truly complementary relationship between NGOs and government ; we hope that there will be a programme to maximise cooperation to meet the needs of the people . "
The President of Al Falah Association , Ramadan Tanboura , said that because of the siege charitable associations across the Gaza Strip are facing many difficulties .
" The suffering of our people has increased since the war , " he said .
" The ongoing siege and the effects of the international economic crisis on donors outside Palestine are hurting everyone , especially the unemployed . "
The difficulty of transferring money to Gaza is also having a negative impact , added Mr. Tanboura .
The Undersecretary at the Ministry of Social Affairs , Subhi Radwan , explained that his ministry " has many plans to enhance integration between the government and community in order to develop Palestinian society and provide services to the needy " .
The ministry is working hard to strengthen civil society because of its significance in helping and developing the Palestinian people during this time of suffering , he said .
Commenting on the charges levelled against charities , especially those run by Muslims , Mr. Radwan said , " All of these charges are baseless , and are intended to deprive the Palestinian poor and needy caught up in this humanitarian catastrophe . "
The United States has recently intensified its actions against many of the charities and institutions which support Palestinians in their time of desperate need , particularly those organisations working in the besieged Gaza Strip .
Source : Palestine News
But it is mostly new .
The CJ3B ’s frame is made in Washington and much of the body sheet metal is stamped in the Philippines .
The engine is a 4 - cylinder General Motors Ecotec that produces 210 horsepower .
The axles are modified versions of the units in today ’s Jeep Rubicon ; most of the driveline comes from well - established industry suppliers .
All of the modern components make the Icon a more reliable , repairable vehicle than any restoration of a 50 - year - old could be — and a more usable off - roader than a straight replica of the original Willys would be .
Gone are trouble spots from the original design like the leaf springs ( which can limit the wheel travel needed to negotiate rough terrain ) , a balky choke cable ( electronic fuel injection assures quick starting ) and weak drum brakes ( there are discs at all four corners ) .
Still , a list of improvements does not reveal the whole story .
That lies in the telling of how those bits and pieces were chosen and procured , which is a direct reflection of Mr. Ward ’s character — or , some would say , his obsession for perfection in all details .
Describing himself as a “ bit of a technical geek , ” Mr. Ward enthusiastically leaps into a briefing of what it took to make the CJ .
Calling on skills developed as a stage actor , he detailed the process of machining the billet aluminum dashboard knobs , procuring a NASA - grade LED reverse light and protecting every body panel in a durable military - grade powder - coat finish .
Ask about the soft top and you receive a deep technical briefing on what it takes to find the world ’s best zippers , strongest snaps and most durable fabrics .
The CJ3B is available in Old School and New School versions , which vary in the design of their rollover bars , suspensions and tire size .
Further variations are sure to follow .
But the restless mind of Mr. Ward is already plotting out other automotive icons — can’t avoid the word — to replicate .
Next up could be a Ford Bronco or a battery - powered Volkswagen Thing .
Whatever his next “ inspired by ” product is , Mr. Ward said , it will be made to last , not a disposable consumer item .
“ Something already in our culture , ” he said , “ and not made for a short shelf life . ”
LUXEMBOURG , June 29 ( Reuters ) - European Union farm ministers failed to agree on Tuesday to approve six genetically modified ( GM ) maize varieties for import to the bloc , despite a warning that inaction could lead to a shortage of animal feed .
Following the deadlock , the import applications for use in food and feed can now be approved unilaterally by the bloc ’s executive , the European Commission .
In principle that could happen “ within a few weeks ” , but the Commission has not yet decided whether the approval will be granted before or after the European summer break , a spokesman for the EU executive told Reuters .
Before the vote , EU Health and Consumer Commissioner John Dalli told ministers that authorisations should be approved as a priority to avoid any repeat of last year ’s disruption to feed imports .
That was caused by the EU ’s zero - tolerance policy on unapproved GM material in imports -- shipments of animal feed from the United States were refused entry to the bloc after minute traces of unapproved GM material were discovered in the cargo .
The Commission has said it will propose a small tolerance margin for unapproved GM in imports later this year to resolve the issue , but until then the only solution is for the EU to approve varieties individually for import .
[ ID : nLDE65922N ]
One of the applications was to renew a previous EU approval for the insect - resistant Bt11 maize , developed by Swiss - based biotech company Syngenta SYNN.VX , which expired in 2007 .
“ A positive endorsement would effectively have signalled to key trading partners that the EU regulatory system for GMOs is functioning properly and would have helped to defuse mounting trade tensions , ” said Syngenta spokesman Medard Schoenmaeckers .
“ Syngenta is disappointed that once again , member states could not come to a decision . ”
The other five covered new approvals for “ stacked ” maize varieties , developed by combining existing insect - and herbicide - resistant GM maize varieties together using conventional plant breeding techniques .
One was developed by Syngenta , two were developed jointly by subsidiaries of US chemicals companies DuPont DD.N and Dow Chemical DOW.N , and a further two were developed by Monsanto MON.N. ( Reporting by Charlie Dunmore , editing by Anthony Barker )
Venezuela 's economy shrank 5.8 percent in the first quarter from the same period a year earlier , the Central Bank said Tuesday in a report that revealed a deepening recession for the OPEC member .
The economy was pulled down in the first three months by a 5 percent decline in the key oil sector , a 6 percent decrease in the private sector and a whopping 27.9 percent fall in private investment , the bank said .
The further drop came after a 3.3 percent contraction for all of 2009 .
The economic downturn coincides with 30 percent inflation that has become a major challenge for President Hugo Chavez 's socialist government .
Venezuela has had the highest inflation in Latin America for five years despite government price controls on many foods and other basics .
Venezuela has not seen such tough times since 2003 , when the economy contracted 26.7 percent in the first quarter in the aftermath of a failed coup attempt against Chavez and an opposition - led strike by oil industry workers .
The 5 percent decline in the oil sector in the first quarter was a major blow , since Venezuela 's economy is highly reliant on oil sales — accounting for 94 percent of the country 's export earnings .
The Central Bank attributed the first - quarter results to a range of factors , including a temporary restriction in the amount of dollars allocated by the government for imports , less consumer demand and investment , and a severe drought that forced electricity rationing because Venezuela relies largely on a single hydroelectric dam .
Non-oil sectors that fell included transport ( 15.9 percent ) , retail ( 11.6 percent ) , manufacturing ( 9.9 percent ) and construction ( 7.8 percent ) .
Imports in the first quarter fell 39.7 percent , the Central Bank said .
That appeared to be partly due to the temporary reduction in dollars available to importers , as acknowledged by government officials .
The state currency agency helps administer Venezuela 's currency exchange controls and provides dollars at the official exchange rate for approved imports .
Chavez 's government devalued the currency , the bolivar , earlier this year , saying it should help boost domestic production and help the economy .
Jose Manuel Puente , a professor at the Institute of Higher Administration Studies , said inconsistent economic policy , an environment of " hyper- regulation " and systematic threats of expropriation and nationalization contributed to the contraction of the economy .
Puente told The Associated Press that the government 's decision to devalue the bolivar also had a negative impact .
The government has set a goal of economic growth between 0.5 percent and 1 percent this year , but analysts are predicting the economy will shrink more than 2 percent by the year 's end .
A high - tech “ virtual fence ” to catch illegal border crossers .
Next - generation nuclear detectors at ports .
Tamper - proof driver ’s licenses in every state .
These were signature Bush administration initiatives to protect the country against terrorism and secure its borders .
All have been proven to be flops , according to government and outside experts , and expensive ones at that .
The Department of Homeland Security paid defense contractor Boeing Co. $ 1.1 billion to build what is sometimes called the virtual border fence .
But the system of radars and cameras can’t consistently tell terrorists from tumbleweed , according to the Government Accountability Office .
In March , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano froze funding on the project .
In February , she overhauled plans to install so - called Advanced Spectroscopic Portal radiation detectors to screen cargo at ports .
The units were prone to false alarms and had n’t proved themselves in testing , according to the accountability office .
Developed by defense contractor Raytheon under a $ 1.2 - billion program , the $ 822,000 detectors will now be relegated to a secondary screening role .
Last May , the Transportation Security Administration removed 37 explosive trace detection machines — or “ puffers ” — that had been deployed at airports to screen airline passengers at a total cost of $ 30 million .
The machines had maintenance problems and did n’t work consistently .
“ DHS was pushing technology pretty hard under the Bush administration , and we were willing to risk failure because of the risks , ” said Stewart Baker , the former Homeland Security policy chief and author of a forthcoming memoir , “ Skating on Stilts . ”
“ I ’d put all of those things in the category of course corrections based on new data , perhaps made easier because this administration had not started the projects and so it could declare them failures without taking blame for the failure . ”
Napolitano aides say they do n’t blame their predecessors , who were under intense pressure to prevent another terrorist attack , for attempting fixes that ultimately did n’t pan out .
But outside analysts say the failures were the predictable result of an agency with too little experience at making major purchases and of contractors peddling untested products .
“ Before they did the puffers , everybody told them it was n’t going to work , ” said Richard Roth , an aviation security expert with CTI Consulting in Maryland .
“ The only guy that said it was going to work was the lobbyist for the company . ”
Corporations “ have figured out that a whole lot of money has been budgeted for homeland security and counter - terrorism , and they ’re really eager to market all sorts of gigantic technological solutions , ” said Charles Faddis , a former CIA officer and author of “ Willful Neglect : The Dangerous Illusion of Homeland Security . ”
“ We end up in a situation where there ’s all sorts of very straightforward things that we do n’t do , because there ’s no money to be made in it , ” he said .
For example , Faddis said , the government should make greater use of explosive - sniffing dogs at airports and should counter vehicle bombs by requiring simple steps at industrial plants that store dangerous chemicals .
Napolitano told Congress recently that she supports expanding the use of bomb - sniffing dogs .
The Department of Homeland Security is hampered by a shortage of procurement officials experienced in buying complicated systems , said Rick “ Ozzie ” Nelson , a homeland security specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a think tank .
The department says it has been hiring more experts to better evaluate contract proposals and oversee projects .
The virtual fence , radiation detectors and the puffer machines each had something in common , the accountability office says :
All three technologies were selected before having been proven to work .
Sometimes that ’s a reasonable way to deploy new security measures , said Brian Jenkins of the Rand Corp. , who has advised the government on homeland security measures .
“ In some cases , you are going to deploy some technology with the objective of ‘ Let ’s see how well it works in the field , ’ ” he said .
Still , he said , the Homeland Security Department is overly reliant on technology .
“ We are constantly searching for a silver bullet .
We think that can solve all problems with superior technology , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think that ’s true . ”
Boeing disputes the notion that its virtual fence project has been a failure .
Roger Krone , the company ’s president for network and space systems , told a House committee in March that it had been “ a difficult and challenging program . ”
But the original idea of providing “ timely and actionable situational awareness to Border Patrol agents ” remains sound , he said .
Technology aside , some major Homeland Security initiatives have buckled in the face of political and fiscal resistance .
Napolitano , a former Arizona governor , last year called for the repeal of a 2005 tamper - proof driver ’s license law , known as Real ID , which was opposed by cash - strapped states that had to pay for it .
In the meantime , she extended the deadline for states to comply until May 2011 .
Napolitano said last year that she favored “ something else that pivots off of the driver ’s license but accomplishes some of the same goals . ”
Napolitano also told Congress that her department could not meet the 2012 deadline for screening 100 % of ship cargo coming into the United States .
That was also the position of her predecessor , Michael Chertoff .
Many experts , and the shipping industry , believe 100 % screening would bog down international commerce .
To screen the 10 million containers that enter the country each year , Napolitano told Congress , her department “ would need significant resources for greater manpower and technology , technologies that do not currently exist , and the redesign of many ports , ” she said .
“ These are all prohibitive challenges . ”
ken.dilanian@latimes.com
Viva
The poster is one of a few mocks I did for a gig in my hometown , Canberra .
The layers , patterns and progression of electronic music was a big inspiration .
A little interstellar , a little saturated , ( 2005 ) .
↑↑↑
The price of Queensland driver 's licences is set to more than double as the state embraces new chip technology .
The new licences , embedded with a computer chip , will be introduced in Toowoomba before the end of this year , before becoming available across the state by the end of 2011 .
An example of the new Queensland driver 's licence - front and back view - which will feature chip technology .
Special biometric imaging will replace the current polaroid photo on laminated licences .
" The laminate driver 's licences currently in use across Queensland have been in existence for almost 25 years and are in need of a major overhaul , " Transport Minister Rachel Nolan said .
Syrian President Bashar al — Assad and Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri said on Monday that Israel ’s attack on a flotilla of aid bound for Gaza threatens to ignite a war in the region .
Syria and Lebanon “ condemn the heinous crime committed by Israel through the brutal attacks on unarmed civilians on board the Freedom Flotilla , ” both leaders said in a joint statement , after a pre— planned meeting in Damascus .
They have warned that Israel ’s “ violations of basic humanitarian norms and international laws threatens to plunge the Middle East into a war which will not only affect the region . ”
Israel ’s navy on Monday stormed the flotilla , made up of six boats carrying some 700 pro—Palestinian activists and 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid bound for the Gaza Strip .
At least 10 died as a result of the raid .
Meanwhile , hundreds of Lebanese , Palestinians and followers of the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah , demonstrated in front the UN headquarters in Beirut .
“ This is a crime against humanity , ” read one banner carried by the protestors , who chanted anti—Israel slogans .
They handed a letter of condemnation of the event to UN spokesman in Beirut , Bahaa al Kossi .
A ‘crazy move ’
Earlier , Lebanon ’s Prime Minister Saad Hariri said the Israeli attack on the Gaza flotilla was “ dangerous ” and a “ crazy move , ” which would inflame the region .
The premier called on the international community to take action and said Lebanon was in contact with a number of countries to coordinate responses to the incident .
Reports in Beirut said the head of the Lebanese mission to the “ Freedom Flotilla ” Hani Suleiman , had been wounded in the attack .
Hezbollah lawmaker Hassan Fadlallah described the attack as a “ premeditated crime against humanity by the Israelis . ”
At their meeting , al — Assad and Hariri also “ demanded the Arab League , the Organization of Islamic Conference , the Security Council and the international community to act immediately ” and put an end to Israel ’s actions .
The two officials also discussed the outcome of Mr. Hariri ’s recent trip to Washington and his talks with US President Barack Obama as well as his meeting with UN Secretary — General Ban Ki—moon in New York last week .
A source in the Lebanese government had said earlier that discussing threats by some Israeli cabinet ministers over comments by Mr. Hariri that Arabs have the right to use all means to remain on lands occupied by Israel was on their agenda .
On Saturday , Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said the Lebanese government and its prime minister will pay a heavy price in case of a new war with Hezbollah .
According to a source close to the premier , Mr. Hariri ’s trip to Damascus comes as part of an Arab tour that is to include Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Jordan .
The Obama administration has authorized the killing of an American citizen in Yemen
The Obama administration authorized the killing by the CIA of Anwar al - Awlaki– an American born radical Muslim who is now believed to be hiding in Yemen .
Awlaki has been preaching that it is a moral obligation and a religious duty for Muslims to attack the United States .
Because the CIA has targeted him for death he no longer has the constitutional protections guaranteed in the constitution .
There was no judicial review in this case , he was targeted for death by the CIA and Barack Obama has authorized his killing .
Make no mistake about it , I have no problem with the CIA targeting Awlaki for death and I give kudos to the Obama administration for authorizing his killing –
Awlaki has made it his goal to wage war and to condone and recruit people to wage war against the United States ; he has forfeited his rights as a citizen of the United States .
But not everyone sees it this way .
The Obama administration is coming under fire from the far left for this decision .
They claim that it is un-American to target this man for death based on top secret information and without the benefit of a trial by jury .
Here is some of the fallout from this decision :
“ Congress has protected Awlaki ’s cellphone calls , ” said Vicki Divoll , a former C.I.A. lawyer who now teaches at the United States Naval Academy .
“ But it has not provided any protections for his life .
That makes no sense . ”
We are entering a grey area here .
What is the difference between Anwar al - Awlaki and Faisal Shahzad– the failed Times Square bomber ?
After all , Faisal Shahzad is also an American citizen who tried to wage war on American soil .
Yet Shahzad was granted his rights under the constitution and read his rights .
Both men have decided that America must be attacked ;
Anwar al - Awaki is trying to entice Muslims to fight against the United States , while Faisal Shahzad actually carried out an attempted attack– with the help of the Taliban– that would have been successful if the bomb had exploded , and he was probably influenced by al - Awaki .
The most obvious difference is the fact that Shahzad was an American on American soil while al - Awaki is an American hiding overseas .
Yet al - Awaki is not in the war zone and is not actively fighting against the United States .
Should n’t he then be targeted for arrest , read his rights , and then given a fair trial by jury .
This is the argument that the left will make .
I do not have a problem with the handling of the Shahzad case to this point .
I understand fully that as a United States citizen who was arrested on American soil he will receive the full rights granted in the United States constitution , including the reading of those rights .
But the news that Anwar al - Awaki has been denied those rights has got to draw fire from the far left in this country , after all Barack Obama railed against President Bush and his war policies during the campaign and promised to end the controversial policies of the Bush administration , yet now he is willing to target an American citizen for death with no trial by jury and no reading of his Miranda rights .
This is the conundrum that Barack Obama finds himself in because of the promises he made to the left to bring the war to a quick ending , to end the Bush administration ’s “ un- American ” policies , and to wage a smarter and more humane war against our enemies .
He has nobody to blame but himself for the controversy which may arise from the government ’s authorization to kill one of her own citizens .
Again , I agree with both the targeted killing of al - Awaki and the handling of Shahzad after his arrest , but the left has to be wondering what is going on here .
Is this what they voted for when they went to the polls and voted for the most anti-war candidate that they could find ?
Barack Obama made promises that he could not keep– promises that he knew he could not keep , but many people bought into them and there will be many people on the left who feel that Barack Obama is no better than George W Bush for his authorization of the assassination of al - Awaki .
Or at least there should be ; if the left condones the authorization of the assassination of an American citizen without a trial it will prove once and for all that they are nothing more than hypocrites when it comes to the war on terror .
The legal wrangling has begun , it will be interesting to see which politicians who opposed George W Bush ’s handling of the war on terror come out to defend Barack Obama ’s decision to allow the killing of an American citizen in Yemen .
Nathan Horton ( AP Photo / J Pat Carter )
The 25 - year - old Horton is a veteran of 422 regular season games and has recorded 142 goals and 153 assists for 295 points in his career .
He has tallied 20 or more goals in his last five NHL seasons , including a career high 31 in 2006 - 07 .
His career best for points in a single season is 62 , which he tallied in back - to - back years in both 06 - 07 ( 31-31=62 ) and 07-08 ( 27-35=62 ) .
Last year , Horton registered 20 - 37=57 totals in 65 games for Florida .
The 6 ’2 ’’ , 229 - pound native of Welland , Ontario was originally drafted by the Panthers in the first round ( 3rd overall ) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft .
The 26 - year - old Campbell skated in 60 games for Florida last season and registered 2 - 15 =17 totals .
He has skated in 363 games in his NHL career with 29 - 56=85 totals and 312 penalty minutes .
The 6 ’0 , 199 - pound native of London Ontario was originally drafted by the Panthers in the third round ( 67th overall ) of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft .
Wideman recently completed his third full season with the Bruins after being acquired from St. Louis for Brad Boyes on February 27 , 2007 .
He recorded 6 goals and 24 assists this year in 76 games played .
For his NHL career , Wideman has 46 goals and 119 assists for 165 points in 378 NHL games .
← Name Our Pot Campaign , Round One
We 're building a campaign for marijuana reform , and we want you to help name it .
Here are the first 200 names submitted by FDL readers .
Vote for your favorite now !
Email : First Name : Last Name : Zip Code : Your Choice : End Man-Made Risk .
Vote Green
Pot is better than alcohol american hemp freedom project 2010 Adult Supervised Pot Distribution vs. Gangster Supervised Pot Distribution Grow a Garden Mary Jane , Not Fiscal Pain Reefers , Not Repos Hemp Freedom Campaign Can't tell Jah it 's not legal Proud to be USA grown US weed Monsanto free USA Weed rather vote US grown Above the Influence - of Prohibition Cannabis +
You ≠ Jail Just Say No - To Prohibition Prohibition Kills .
Say Yes To Freedom Stop Supporting the Cartels Pursuit of Happiness Fix CA ?
Yes Weed Can !
Grass : WOOT !
Marijuana : Pass it on ( date ) Marijuana : Pass it .
Pot : War On , Wore Off Pot : War On , Worse Off Pot :
Weed like your vote !
Reefer : Pass it .
Say Yes !
Weed Can Do It !
Up with Smoke !
Finally !
Vote for the Dope ! $u Voto , $u Mota .
California : Greener with Gra$ $ !
Bailout ahead !
Yes , Weed can !
Word .
Weed .
Pass it on .
Prop Haight Saves the State !
Grassroots America Make it the Green Coast !
Let us pay more taxes !
Spark Up the Vote Twist Up a Vote Weigh Out The Vote PHFFT !
Permit Hemp Fuck Foreign Traffickers !
R.O.A.C.H. ( Reason Overcomes Asinine Cannabis Hatred ) This Bud ’s For You !
Weed All Win Legalize Pot Do n’t let CA fail .
Inhale .
Weed must be Freed One Small Puff for Mankind . . .
War on Thugs , Not Pot Universal Pot Care - Now !
High Time For Pot Changes Pot , Yes - Booze , You Lose Just Say Now !
California Be Loaded Cannabis tonight , no hangover tomorrow Grass for the Grassroots Big Pharma ’s Bad Karma .
Legalize !
Farm yer tooticles .
Feel free to grow .
Hey .
Bud .
It ’s good .
High Time , it ’s not a crime .
People + Plants > Profits + Pills
Pot , it ’s only natural .
Cannabis Co-evolution not Prohibition !
Cannabis is Good for Humans Cannabis : It 's Just a Plant !
Co-Evolve with Cannabis !
Free the Weed !
Free your cannabinoid receptors !
Scythians for Cannabis Freedom !
Prohibition Or Taxes ?
Cost Or IncoMe? Liberty & Pursuit of Happiness Prohibitionists are Consipated The Marijuana Tea Partyers A Joint Helps Your Joints Aging : Getting in the Weeds Chemo Hurts ….
Marijuana Helps Do n’t Pass Gas — Pass Grass Got Pain ?
Try MaryJane Grass Hurts Less Than Guns Grow Up …..
Heed .
Need Weed .
Lead .
Hope a Toke — Change Personified Let My Potters Go Marijuana — Not a Mean Girl Marijuana Never Stole Your 401k .
Medical Marijuana Helps — Prejudice Hurts No Dope… No Hope … Obamanible Sugar is the Gateway Drug Toke a Stand — Vote Yes Warriors On Drugs — Stoopid Morans Chemo Sobby ?
– Try Grass Liberty .
Legalize Marijuana .
Government : Hands Outta My Stash !
War On Drugs = Major Fail MARIJUANA : MUCH SAFER all fields required
BMW wants you to buy a car the European way :
The German automaker , which wants to pass Lexus as the leading luxury brand in the U.S. by 2012 , is trying to convince its U.S. customers that they should order their BMWs with exactly the stuff they want on it , not settling for whatever is on the lot .
For example with its new X3 , on sale here early next year , BMW wants its U.S. dealers on board to help promote options on built - to - order models .
Built - to - order vehicles , which can help manufacturers keep inventories lower and are n't discounted as much , are rare in the United States .
For example , Lexus says 2 percent of its deliveries are pre-ordered , according to Automotive News .
In Germany , every other BMW sold is customized .
It will be interesting to see if BMW is successful in its effort to get impulsive U.S. shoppers to order cars .
Since the X3 will be built in Spartanburg , S.C. , ( moving from Austria ) , BMW says U.S. buyers will be able to pick up their cars in as few as two weeks after the order .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
In what could be an unceremonious ending to his Browns career , Derek Anderson heard Browns fans cheering when the quarterback went down in the fourth quarter with a damaged left knee ligament that will probably end his season .
" They were cheering the fact that I was hurt , " said Anderson after the 10 - 6 loss to the Colts .
" They do n't like me .
That 's well known . "
The cheering was not lost on his teammates , who were upset by it .
One said it was his lowest point in Cleveland Browns Stadium .
" We care about each other and that was very disappointing , " said receiver Josh Cribbs , who could serve as the No. 2 quarterback behind Ken Dorsey next week in Tennesee .
" We love our fans , but that just was n't needed .
Hopefully Derek is n't hurt too bad and he 'll get back and they can cheer for him the next game . "
Anderson suffered the injury with 1:07 remaining when end Robert Mathis beat right tackle Kevin Shaffer on a bull rush for a 10 - yard sack .
Shaffer 's momentum knocked his helmet into Anderson 's left knee and then Mathis grabbed Anderson 's leg and brought him down .
" I do n't remember making any contact , " said Shaffer .
" I just saw him laying there and knew something was up . "
Anderson winced and collapsed when he tried to stand up .
He had to be helped off the field by two trainers and was checked on the sidelines .
Then he made the long , slow trek to the locker room , propped up by the trainers and limping badly .
" I just felt a burn , the pain , " said Anderson .
" I 'm not really sure what happened .
I 'm disappointed .
I think I sprained the [ medial collateral ligament ] .
I 'll get it evaluated and see exactly how bad it is .
It does n't feel very good . "
Anderson suffered a mild MCL sprain in college , so he knows what one feels like .
" I did it in the bowl game when we waxed [ Brady Quinn ] and Notre Dame , " he said with a laugh .
Anderson 's injury came in his first start after being benched for three games in favor of fan favorite Quinn , who 's now out for the year with a broken finger .
It was his chance to prove that he never should 've lost his job in the first place .
But with the Browns committing to Quinn as their quarterback of the future , it may have been his last game as a Brown .
" I started playing pretty well before the change was made , which is fine , " said Anderson , who slipped to 13 - 14 .
" It was unfortunate the way I got put back in there , with Brady getting hurt .
I was looking at it as five weeks to get guys going again .
I think I did .
I think I got the linemen , those guys played their tails off . "
He said he also hoped to try to help save Romeo Crennel 's job .
" Guys are n't going to give up in here , " said Anderson .
" We love RAC and we 're going to play for RAC .
That 's the biggest thing these last four weeks , knowing the entire situation . "
Anderson 's frustration with the season and his lack of support by some fans and media was evident when asked about his strip - sack that resulted in the Colts ' game - winning TD .
" [ Dwight Freeney ] hit me when I was throwing it and it comes out , " said Anderson .
" I 'm not trying to drop balls and lose games for us .
I know you guys think that sometimes .
I 'm giving it everything I 've got .
I 'm obviously frustrated , I 'm probably going to be sick about it tonight .
We had an opportunity to beat the Colts .
Peyton Manning is a guy I 've watched and admired .
It did n't happen . "
The season will now most likely be turned over to Dorsey , who went 2 - 8 in spot duty in San Francisco , with eight touchdowns and 11 interceptions .
" Dorsey will do a good job , " said Anderson .
" He 's with us every single week .
Guys will play for him .
The guy won a national championship [ with Miami ] and lost what , two games in college ?
He 's smart and he knows the offense .
I 'll let you guys cheer for him . "
Anderson , who completed his first seven passes , scoffed at someone 's suggestion to start Cribbs at quarterback .
" We 're not putting Josh in , " said Anderson .
" You guys are smoking crack .
Because we 're playing bad does n't mean we 're going to put a receiver at quarterback . "
Said Dorsey : " It 's unfortunate for anybody to go down like , but Derek especially , because he 's worked extremely hard every week .
Even when he's not the starter , he works hard .
It was good to see him go out there and get in a rhythm . "
Anderson was hoping the fans would cheer him in these last few starts , but not like that .
FORTESCUE
Metal Group 's Andrew Forrest has revealed that former prime minister Kevin Rudd reached agreement with several mining companies on changes to the proposed resource rent tax before he was dumped .
Mr Forrest said Fortescue was one of several companies that reached agreement with Mr Rudd 's office on releasing a discussion paper to the mining industry , just days before he was removed .
" We had reached a set of points which I think the prime minister was happy with , the mining industry would have been prepared to discuss and that was all taken off the table before it could be announced , " Mr Forrest said in Perth yesterday .
" It was a shame really that it got cut off so violently . "
Mr Forrest 's comments contradict the mining industry 's previous position that consultation had been useless and a waste of time .
Mr Forrest detailed key aspects of what would have been in the government 's discussion paper , including :
To get the most out of Cakes.com
please visit the site with a supported browser
Two years after fixing a security bug in the Windows version of its Safari browser , Apple apparently has decided that Mac users can go without a fix .
Apple was initially unimpressed by Nitesh Dhanjani 's work developing what 's known as a " carpet bomb " attack , the security researcher said in an interview Monday .
" I told Apple about it two years ago , and they responded back , saying it was more of an annoyance than anything else . "
That turned out to be the wrong assessment .
Soon after Dhanjani went public with the flaw in May 2008 , another security researcher showed how carpet bombing could be combined with another Windows attack to run unauthorized software on a Windows PC .
Apple then shipped a fix for Safari on Windows , but not for Safari on Mac OS X .
Nobody has shown how to do this on the Mac OS X version of Safari , but Dhanjani still thinks Apple should fix the issue on both platforms .
In a carpet bomb attack , the victim visits a malicious Web site , which then starts downloading unauthorized files to the victim 's computer without any sort of approval .
" [ W ] hile most sane Web browsers warn the end user and ask for explicit permission before saving a file locally , Safari goes ahead and saves the file into the default download location without asking the user , " he said in a blog posting , " even if hundreds of files are served up by the malicious website simultaneously . "
Without conducting another attack , hackers still have no way to run the files on the victim 's computer , but these unauthorized downloads still represent a security risk , Dhanjani said .
" In this day and age ... the site should n't be able to drop anything it wants into my downloads folder . "
Not everyone agrees , however .
Noted Apple hacker Charlie Miller said that Dhanjani 's bug is not serious because there is no second Mac OS X bug that causes downloaded files to be executed .
" So basically , a Web site can start to download a bunch of files to your Downloads directory .
This is n't an ideal situation , but then again , I do n't see a lot of harm that comes from it , " he said in an e-mail interview .
" Especially , if the alternative is for the browser to nag me every time I want to download something . "
Dhanjani believes
Apple has n't fixed the issue because it might annoy Mac users .
" They 're going after usability , " he said .
" Apple wants to make everything so seamless that they do n't want the user to have to go through this extra process . "
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment on this story .
The company typically does not comment on security issues .
In a May 2008 e-mail message to Dhanjani , viewed by the IDG News Service , Apple 's security team said it would consider adding an " Ask me before downloading anything " preference to Safari .
" This will require a review with the Human Interface team , " Apple told the researcher .
" We want to set your expectations that this could take quite a while , if it ever gets incorporated . "
[ flv:https://queerty-prodweb.s3.amazonaws.com/wp/docs-null/2010/06/brockelca.flv
https://queerty-prodweb.s3.amazonaws.com/wp/docs-null/2010/06/brock03994.jpg 650 400 ]
The Rev. Tom Brock , the senior pastor at Hope Lutheran Church in North Minneapolis , is the winner who blamed August ’s tornado during the ELCA conference ’s gay clergy vote on The Gays .
Yes , for real .
Brock took his congregation out of ELCA because of their tolerance for homosexuality ( and funding for pastor abortions ) , and has spent countless sermons and YouTube videos railing against you queers .
But , what ’s this , Brock is a member of a group therapy group for recovering homosexuals ?
( Update : The original YouTube video — of Brock preaching against ELCA and the queers — was pulled in the hours after our post .
Luckily , we saved a copy . )
Brock belongs to Faith in Action , the Minnesota chapter of the Catholic Church ’s Courage group , which teaches gays how to avoid giving in to their gay feelings .
That ’s the report out of Lavender , the queer Minnesota magazine , which exposes Brock as a member of the tribe , struggling with his same - sex attractions — which proved too great on a recent trip to Slovakia .
Reporter John Townsend writes about his encounter with Brock at one of these meetings ( raising all sorts of questions about privacy and ethics ) .
Welcome , Brock , to the fold of George Alan Rekers , where closeted homophobes must travel internationally to get their rocks off .
[ Lavender Magazine ]
Web addresses will now be available in Arabic in a move being billed as a ' milestone in internet history '
In a move that is being billed as a historic achievement for one of the world 's leading languages , web addresses will now be available in Arabic as part of a wider move to open up cyberspace to domain names in multiple , non-Latin scripts .
Egypt , the most populous of Arab countries , announced today that it has begun registering names under the .misr domain .
" Misr " is the Arabic name for Egypt .
The first three companies to use it are TE Data , Vodafone Data and Link Registrar , said the country 's communications minister , Tarek Kamel , hailing " a milestone in internet history " .
Instead of using the old .eg domain name , organisations in Egypt can use . " misr " , written from right to left in Arabic script as the default country code for domestic websites .
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are also introducing the new codes , respectively " . Al - Saudiah " and " . Emarat " .
One of the first of these " internationalised domain names " leads to the Egyptian communications ministry .
If a browser has the correct fonts installed , the user should see an Arabic name .
When you mouse - over or click on the link , what you see will depend on the browser .
" Confusing for us , a relief for the Arab world , " commented the specialist IT site THINQ.
co.uk .
The move comes six months after the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , Icann , approved the use of non-Latin domain names .
The innovation is a significant moment for the internationalisation of the world wide web – half of whose users do not use a Latin script as their primary language .
Arabic accounts for 1 % of all web content – though its estimated 280 million speakers constitute 5 % of the global population – but until now it has had to be hosted under Latin addresses , creating practical problems and conveying a sense of linguistic discrimination .
" This great step will open up new horizons for e-services in Egypt , " said Kamel .
" It will boost the number of online users in the country and will enable internet services to penetrate new market segments by eliminating language barriers . "
Internet access in Egypt is becoming cheaper and the use of internet on mobile devices is blossoming .
The government is planning a $ 1bn ( £ 673 m ) upgrade to its broadband capacity over four years to quadruple penetration to 20 % .
Announced on the Icann blog , the new system improves previous workaround solutions in Thailand and China , which are not recognised universally .
Icann said it expects some teething troubles , but software updates for web browsers , such as downloading additional language packs , should help .
Blogging is popular in many Arab countries .
Arabic users on the internet have increased by more than 2,000 % over the last decade .
But content still punches below its weight and spending on advertising remains tiny .
Microsoft and Google include Arabic in their top 10 languages in need of prioritised attention and are working hard to increase access : one glaring example of its underdevelpoment is that the Arabic portal of online encyclopedia , Wikipedia , carries less words than its site in Catalan , which is spoken by 9 million people .
Here ’s a handy guide to safe girl - on - girl sex !
Medical staff was consulted for this article , but it is not a substitute for medical advice / attention .
Our very own Technostraddle editor Taylor has provided some cartoons for you to enhance your learning experience .
For more of Taylor ’s cartoons , you should check out DoodleShroom !+
Before writing the following piece , I read Natalie ’s Why Are Gay Ladies So Afraid of the Gyno ?
Everyone seemed to have a lot of questions about sexual health and I was hoping I could help answer some of them !
Unfortunately , I also noticed some antagonism towards doctors in general , which seemed to be fueled by the negative experiences a lot of you have had .
Believe me , I get it – I ’ve been there .
But , speaking from the perspective of someone who ’s inside the system , choosing not going to the doctor is not the answer !
While medicine is a patriarchal and hierarchical institution , there are plenty of us who are working to change that .
I personally conduct a lot of LGBT health education and there ’s a real push to ensure that the next generation of medical professionals is one that ’ll recognize that not all women are heterosexual baby - makers ( nothing wrong with those ! ) .
Change takes time , sure , but your health should n’t suffer because of a doctor who is n’t as enlightened as you ’d hope .
Girl You Need To Get Yourself Checked Out
It can be pretty difficult to discuss queer women ’s health issues ’ cause there just has n’t been much research done on the rates of sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) and HIV in women who like to ride the hobby horse with other women .
I ’ve learned just from talking to my friends and other sapphically - inclined ladies that most of y’all are not having safe sex !
We do n’t worry about unplanned pregnancy and most lesbians seem to think that we do n’t have to worry about contracting STIs from our partners either .
Howevs , statistics show that at least 75 % of women who identify as lesbians have had sexual intercourse with men and approximately two - thirds of the time , those women were engaging in unprotected sex 1 .
This means that if you or your partner have Had the Sex with a dude , and has n’t been tested , your risk for STIs and HIV is comparable to that of a heterosexual woman !
So hayyy you should get tested .
As Natalie discussed in her articles , queers ( like other marginalized groups of women ) tend to frequent the gyno less often for a lot of reasons .
But do n’t let negative experiences with narrow - minded providers stop you from taking responsibility for your sexual health and for your partner ’s sexual health .
If you do n’t have insurance , most free clinics do STI testing at very little cost , or for free .
Do it !
STIs : Getting Them & Getting Rid of Them
This is by no means a comprehensive list of the STIs out there , but I want to hit on some of the more common infections and the ones that stick with you once you get infected .
HPV
Human Papilloma virus is probably the most common STI in the USA , with some statistics estimating that up to 75 % of sexually active adults in the US demonstrate a history of the infection 2 . HPV is transmitted by skin - to - skin contact .
This means that even if you only have sex with women , you ’re still at risk for infection .
This virus is sneaky too , because it can lay latent in your body , so without being tested , you may never know you have it .
If you have had sex with a man in the past , you are at increased risk for contracting ( and transmitting ! )
HPV .
This is important , because a history of HPV infection is the single most significant risk factor for developing cervical cancer .
Some strains of HPV cause genital warts and two strains in particular have been identified to cause over 75 % of cervical cancer .
Butttt some strains are n’t cancerous .
In fact , some even clear up on their own !
But how do you know which strain you have ?
Get a pap smear !
Cervical cancer takes years and years to develop , so going to the gyno and having them take a look - see gives you a darn good chance of never having the disease progress any further .
Also , if you ’re under the age of 26 , you may want to think about getting Gardasil , the HPV vaccine , which covers two strains of HPV that are responsible for 75 % of cervical cancer and another two strains that cause up to 90 % of genital warts AND is covered by many insurance companies now .
But it ’s worth noting that being vaccinated is a personal decision and should be an informed one , so read up — there ’s been a lot of controversy around Gardasil .
Perhaps you have feelings ?
GONORRHEA & CHLAMYDIA
Two fairly common STIs and another reason to get tested .
Gonorrhea and chlamydia can be transmitted through sharing toys , bodily fluids , and genital contact .
These infections can be silent , or can present with symptoms like burning when you pee , discharge and stomach pain .
Luckily , both are easily treated with a quick dose of antibiotics .
Without treatment , however , gonorrhea and chlamydia can progress to pelvic inflammatory disease , which can cause infertility , ectopic pregnancy , and serious infections , among other things .
BACTERIAL VAGINOSIS
Bacterial vaginosis is another easily treatable sexually transmitted infection .
Interestingly enough , queer women seem to be at increased risk for transmitting and acquiring the infection .
This one can also be silent , or may announce itself with white - ish discharge and a fishy smell , but is usually not itchy or painful .
We ’re not exactly sure how it ’s transmitted , but the likely routes are through sex toys , oral and oral - anal sex 5 .
One important note about this infection : usually when one partner has it , the other partner is often infected too .
If you happen to find yourself with this infection , bring your partner with you to the doctor , and have her get tested as well .
YEAST INFECTIONS / CANDIDIASIS
Special Comment : THIS PORTION OF THE ARTICLE WAS NOT WRITTEN BY A MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL .
It contains discussion of home remedies and opinions about personal care .
It is not intended to be medical advice and does not claim to be .
HEY BITCHES !
The doctor is out for a bit and you ’re gonna have to listen to me , your anonymous expert on yeast infections and how to get rid of them .
This is important ’ cause lesbians give each other YIs all the damn time .
It ’s a touchy subject with women ’s health experts : most docs refuse to prescribe Diflucan ( the YI pill ) unless you come in for an appointment , even if they ’ve successfully diagnosed you in the past .
COME ON NOW .
( See : Tales of my Vagina , Or Why Women ’s Health is Totally F*cking Unfair ) Butttt … apparently someone just invented a Vagisil Screening Kit , so perhaps our luck is changing ?
Personally , I found my chronic yeast infections cleared up when I gave up men and the pill , except for this one time my lady - lover and I gave each other yeast infections which is sort of a long story .
Also , she had a boyfriend .
You know how it is .
Anyhow , plenty of gay ladies get YIs for a number of reasons , like taking antibiotics or chilling out in your Dinah Shore bikini for a bit too long , and 75 % of all ladies will get at least one in their lifetime .
I ’ve never experienced the discharge most women do , but the itchiness and redness can be bad enough in & of itself , espesh ’ cause it ’s taboo so you ca n’t whine about it like you can when you ’ve got a migraine or something .
The following things never helped : Monistat , AZO , Gyne - Lotrimin , tea tree oil , yogurt , cotton underpants , acidophilus , hydrogen peroxide douching , garlic , etc .
Diflucan , a prescription - only pill , takes a few days to work , but it ’s worth it ’ cause there ’s no mess .
Howevs , as aforementioned , you ’ll often need a doctor ’s appointment which ’s a pain in the ass then as well as being a pain in the vadge .
Some friends tell me their YIs go away on their own .
Lucky bastards .
There was one proposed DIY remedy that sounded particularly bogus to me , and trust me it shocked my socks off when it turned out to be the only thing that works : BORIC ACID .
You get “ 0 ” empty vegetable capsules at your local health food store , pick up a tub of boric acid ( in powder form ) just about anywhere , and try not to freak out that it ’s often advertised as a roach - killer .
Fill a capsule or two with the powder and pop those babies inside you every night ’ til the infection goes away .
It can also be used preventatively if you feel a YI coming on , that ’s the best part !
You should definitely check out this website , it ’s a great resource because as the author points out , “ to my mind , the conventional treatment of vaginal yeast infections is a nutshell of what ’s wrong with the way our society deals with wimmin’s health issues . ”
Okay , back to the doctor now …
These Things Never Leave
So , we saved the best and by best I mean worst infections for last !
Herpes !
And HIV !
‘ Cause see once you get HIV or Herpes , you ’ve got it for life .
Herpes can be transmitted through oral or genital sex .
There is treatment for herpes , which will cause you to have fewer outbreaks , but wo n’t cure you .
The tricky thing about herpes is , even if you do not have an active sore , you can still transmit the infection to your partner .
However , there are ways to predict when you are infectious , so talk to your doctor .
HIV can be transmitted through blood , genital secretions and breast milk , but not saliva .
There are n’t a lot of statistics out there on risks of HIV transmission in queer women .
Overall , the general consensus seems to be that transmission is possible 3 .
However , as I ’ve stressed before , if you are a woman who has unprotected sex with men on a regular or occasional basis , then your risk for HIV infection is comparable to that of a heterosexual woman , and if you are not tested , your partner ’s risk of infection is also increased .
Safe Sex : Not Just For Straight People
Sex is sexy !
Talking about safe sex , on the other hand , can be a bit of a drag .
Get over it !
Knowledge is sexy and I ’m about to make you smokin’ hot .
Dental Dams
Dental dams are one barrier method that can help prevent the transmission of STIs .
Brief interlude between our Editor - in - Chief Riese & Executive Editor Laneia , which took place as we were tag - team editing this article –
Riese : can we just be straight about dental dams
like do people really use them
Laneia : i do n’t know ?
like , i want to use one now
b /c i honestly want to know what the fuck ’s up
Riese : i have some
given to me by planned parenthood
Laneia : there ’s a mention of dental dams in some erotica i read two weeks ago ,
she needed it for anal
oral anal on the butch top
you still with me ?
Riese : oral anal to a butch top
not gonna lie
i am not going to be giving oral anal to anyone
probs never in my life
which is fine , i’m not judging
but
well , bacteria
i dunno
Laneia : but if you DID , you ’d use a dental dam
Riese : oh yeah
Laneia : then you could lick from ass to vadge w/ out worrying about spreading anything
Riese : or i could just not do it
Laneia : mhm or that
i do n’t know if i’d necessarily want to either , but i’m not ruling anything out
especially if there ’s saran wrap involved
AND YOU CAN QUOTE ME ON THAT
Riese : i’ll do anything that involves saran wrap
package food
eat ass
make love to AIDS
swaddle marijuana for cross-country air travel
Laneia : mte
Riese : do you ever see porn with people using dental dams in it
Laneia : no , but i have n’t watched a lot of porn
Riese : me neither
Laneia : i bet if you emailed someone who does , they could tell you .
you could email sugarbutch .
Riese : but i do n’t know if i want to be like , hey whats up , ever used a dental dam
Laneia : noooo you ’d be asking if they ’ve ever watched PORN in which a dental dam was used
Now back to the article …
However , if dental dams are n’t your bag , there are still plenty of things that you can do to insure a safe and sexy time is had by all .
Most are pretty much common sense .
1 . Wash your hands before getting down and dirty .
2 . Do n’t share sex toys and if you do , use a condom , or properly clean them with soap and water before switching to a new user 4 .
3 . And finally , one of the best things that you and your partner can do to protect yourselves and one another , is to communicate !
Talk about your sexual history , whether you ’ve had sex with men in the past , if you ’ve been tested before and if you have n’t been tested , ( once more , with feeling ! … ) get tested !
I hope that this overview was informative and answered questions that some of you might have had .
I would love to hear any comments , questions or other topics you ’d like to hear about !
1. Diamant AL et al. , Lesbians ’ sexual history with men : implications for taking a sexual history , Archives of Internal Medicine , 1999 , 159( 22):2730-2736 .
2. Marazzo , JM .
Genital human papillomavirus infectioin in women who have sex with women : a concern for patients and providers .
AIDS Patient Care STDS 2000 ; 14 : 447 .
3 . http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/topics/women/resources/factsheets/wsw.htm
4 . http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/LGBhealth/Pages/lesbianhealth.aspx
5. Carol , NM .
Gynecologic and obstetric care for lesbians .
Uptodate .
January 2010
In 2002 , Sierra Leone emerged from a decade - long civil war and as Allan Little discovers , much of it was thanks to a little - known British brigadier .
The Paras had been sent to Freetown to simply evacuate foreigners
It was an astonishing thing to witness : the fortunes of a whole country transformed in the space of a few days by a single , decisive intervention .
Eight hundred British paratroopers landed at Freetown airport just as the city was about to slip into the terrifying chaos of a rebel invasion and suddenly , unexpectedly , the shape of Sierra Leone 's decade - long civil war was altered .
Or so it seemed to me at the time .
It was , in fact , a little more haphazard than that .
And , I 've subsequently learned , the British reporters on the ground in West Africa - myself included - seem , unwittingly , to have played a small part in it all .
Brutal rebels
The British Government sent paratroopers to the capital Freetown as a precautionary measure and to carry out a very limited operation .
Their task was to secure the airport and evacuate a few hundred British and other foreigners who were living in the city .
The operation would take seven to 10 days , after which time the British troops would get out and leave Sierra Leone to its fate .
Freetown , we reported , was in a state of terror .
Its citizens knew what a rebel assault would mean .
The rebel force , the Revolutionary United Front , or RUF , was known for its brutality .
Its soldiers , often children , sometimes fuelled by drugs and drink , were merciless .
The hacking off of limbs was their signature atrocity .
When the British arrived , the people saw them as saviours , and in the end that is what they turned out to be .
' Taking sides '
For the force commander , a little - known brigadier called David Richards , had other ideas .
He saw a chance , took a risk , and changed the fate of the country .
David Richards is now General Sir David Richards and head of the British Army .
I went to see him this week in London and this is his story .
" I could see , " he told me , " that with a little robustness , we could make a difference . "
If it had gone wrong , they'd have cut me off at the knees
General Sir David Richards
He went to see the president , Ahmed Tejan Kabbah , who was preparing to flee the country .
" There was a helicopter parked beside his house , " General Richards told me .
" I told him , you wo n't be needing that I promise you . "
At that meeting , held within hours of the British landing in Sierra Leone , Richards promised the president that Britain would supply arms and ammunition to the government forces .
British helicopters would be made available to move men and material around the battlefield .
And he , General Richards , would , with a small team of British staff officers , take personal command of the war and seek to end it by defeating the rebel forces .
In other words , Richards was committing Britain to taking sides in Sierra Leone 's civil war .
However , there was one important difficulty .
The general 's political bosses in London had sent him to carry out a quick evacuation and then leave .
" So , " I asked him 10 years on , " you were promising the president all this before you had the political authority from London to do so ? "
" Er , yes , " he said , " I 'm afraid I was , yes . "
War plans
For several days , the political leaders in London stuck with the evacuation narrative , while their man on the ground got on with fighting a war .
I needed to get a message up beyond the Ministry of Defence
General Sir David Richards " Fortunately , " he told me , " the military activities and equipment we needed for an evacuation were remarkably similar to what I needed to push back the rebel forces .
So in terms of constructing a tale for London , that was useful . "
" So wait a minute , " I said , " London was kitting you up for a quick evacuation operation , and you decided to use that kit to intervene in the war ? "
" Yes , " he said .
For a few days he came under pressure from the Ministry of Defence to carry out his evacuation and then get out .
The problem was now that the British were there , Freetown felt safe and most foreigners did not want to be evacuated .
Blair 's backing " I needed , " he told me , " to get a message up beyond the Ministry of Defence .
I needed to get to the next level up .
I needed to get to Prime Minister Tony Blair .
And I did that through you reporters on the ground , including you . "
I look now at some of my reports from the time .
" There is no longer any pretence , " I say in one , " that this operation is about evacuation .
It is about much much more than that . "
Very quickly , it became clear that the intervention would be successful .
The British government backed the brigadier 's bold change of plan .
" If it had gone wrong , " he said , " they 'd have cut me off at the knees . "
It became , after Kosovo , the second of what would come to be known as " Blair 's wars " , an early example of the kind of liberal interventionism that would later take Britain to war in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" Did it , " I ask , " embolden British politicians , and lead them to think of war not as a last resort but as just another policy option ? "
" There might , " he said , " be something in that . "
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent BBC Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) BBC World Service : See programme schedules .
Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A second man , a former male prostitute , came forward earlier today with details of his sexual encounter with rent - boy hiring Christian anti-gay leader George Rekers .
We gave him a call to get his full story .
We have n't been able to confirm the events that the former stripper , escort and adult actor named Carl Shepherd says took place at the Hyatt Regency at Chicago 's O'Hare airport in 1992 .
We could not reach Rekers directly for a comment , but we received a very brief statement from an email address associated with him .
It said only :
Professor George Rekers has never been to the Hyatt Regency Hotel at O'Hare Airport in Chicago .
We have asked for further information — whether , for example , he denies the allegations beyond the precise hotel — and will update if it is forthcoming .
Rekers has denied reporting by the Miami New Times this week that he 's been involved with a rentboy named " Lucien " in recent months .
Here 's what Shepherd told us when reached by phone .
The account has been edited for clarity , and on several occasions we asked him to add specific details .
Now 41 , Shepherd claims that during the summer of 1992 , he was living in Chicago where he 'd placed an advertisement in Gay Chicago Magazine 's models and escorts section offering his services and boasting of his porn experience .
The ad listed a pager number for prospective clients .
One evening the pager went off .
It was George Rekers :
It was an old pager , so all that came up was a telephone number and a three digit number after that .
I called back – it was the Hyatt Regency Hotel at O'Hare airport , so I gave them the three digits as a room number .
" Hello , did you page me ? " " Yes . "
" What can I do for you ? "
There was a pause .
" I 'm looking to spend an hour with a smooth young man for an… intimate massage .
Nude .
I 'm kinda vanilla — I just want light touching , not sex . "
He knew the lingo .
It seemed like he'd done this before .
" OK , but I have a rule — I have to have your real name .
I write the name down , and I leave it here so my roommate knows where I 'm going and who I 'm with in case anything happens to me .
It 's not negotiable .
" George Rekers , " he said with no hesitation .
I took the train from my apartment in downtown Chicago to the hotel , about 45 minutes .
When he answered the door he was wearing dress pants , and a polo shirt .
He said hi and was very friendly and polite as he started to undress .
I took it as my cue to do the same .
He lay on the bed , stomach down .
I climbed astride him and started massaging his neck .
" Lighter , just run your fingers over my skin .
Like a kind of tickle touch . "
So I did .
I ran my fingers down his spine .
He was squirming and pushing his ass up in the air , because he wanted me to touch him there .
Eventually I 'd touched him over every inch of his body with the same light touch .
He got very aroused for an old guy — I was impressed actually .
Looking back I think he thought that it was n't gay , that he had n't crossed the line , because he did n't want me to masturbate him at all .
Just run my fingers over him there .
We lay on the bed afterwards , both still naked .
There was still some time left so I asked him : " Did you call me up just because I 've been in porn movies ? "
He did n't answer for a little while .
" I did n't know .
What type of thing ? "
I told him about the oral and anal sex that I engaged in .
He seemed really disgusted .
His face curled up .
He handed me $ 150 and I left .
But I felt a bit guilty it had ended like that .
I remember thinking that I 'd really grossed him out , that I 'd corrupted this confused man .
I did n't think about it again until this week .
Honestly I had no idea who Rekers was , or what he did until Monday or Tuesday when I saw a link to the story about him and the other rent boy .
UPDATE : After publication we received a statement from an email address associated with Rekers .
It said only :
Professor George Rekers has never been to the Hyatt Regency Hotel at O'Hare Airport in Chicago .
The post has been updated to reflect this .
Photos : Carl Shepherd currently ( left ) ; Shepherd in the early ' 90s ( top left ) ; " Lucien " ( top right ) ; George Rekers ( bottom right ) .
Previously :
Rentboy - Hiring Homophobe George Rekers Urges Hired Escort to Keep Quiet
The Rentboy Speaks : George Rekers Liked ' The Long Stroke '
The Virulent Anti-Gay Activist Who Brought a Rentboy to Europe ( Updated )
WHEN you think of rhubarb you probably think of strawberry - rhubarb pie , a quintessential spring dessert , especially if it ’s made by someone who makes good pies .
I usually manage around one pie crust annually , so I need alternatives .
Thus , when the spring ’s first rhubarb showed up , I adjusted the execution and produced a crisp .
Perhaps equally intriguing is that I ditched the strawberries .
Not that I do n’t like them , or the combination , but good rhubarb arrives much earlier than good strawberries do ( they do n’t really show up in the Northeast until June ) .
Besides , with each passing year I appreciate rhubarb solo more .
If rhubarb is young and fresh , you can trim it in seconds .
If it has fibrous outer strings , peel them off as you would those of celery .
Just slide a paring knife under the topmost layer , grab the outer skin of the stalk with your thumb , and pull .
This might take a minute .
Toss the rhubarb with orange or lemon juice and zest , and only a little sugar .
I use a quarter cup or so — it seems to be enough — though you wo n’t go awry by adding another couple of tablespoons .
( You can also substitute strawberries for some of the rhubarb if you want the classic combination . )
The co-founder of the Princeton Review says he was conned out of millions by his psychic ex-girlfriend .
In papers filed in Manhattan Supreme Court , Adam Robinson said he supported Laura Day for years and even wrote most of her best - selling books , but the psychic - to - the - stars stabbed him in the back by preying on his “ psychological weaknesses ” and manipulating him out of his money .
“ Robinson , as Day fully knew , had a psychological infirmity in handling his personal finances .
Day capitalized on this weakness in order to profit personally , and persuaded Robinson to deliver to her signatory power over Robinson ’s bank accounts , ” the $ 14 million suit says .
The suit says they met in 1994 .
Their relationship soon turned romantic , and Robinson acted as “ a surrogate father ” to Day ’s then 2 - year - old son , Samson .
“ Robinson was a New York Times best - selling author whose books had sold millions of copies , ” the suit says , while “ Day did not have a career or source of income , though she occasionally offered ‘ intuitive ’ readings to a few clients , including celebrities . ”
Robinson says he offered to help her with a book proposal on her intuitive skills .
After landing her a $ 250,000 advance , he turned her “ virtually unusable ” notes into a book .
The book , “ Practical Intuition , ” launched Day ’s writing career .
She was paid $ 750,000 for the paperback rights , and given a $ 3 million advance for her next two tomes .
Robinson wrote those as well , the suit says .
Despite raking in more than $ 300,000 a year for her consulting , she also convinced Robinson to give her half of his royalty checks on his own books , the suit says .
She also used his love for her son to get the rest of his approximately $ 350,000 a year in royalties by telling him the boy needed it , according to the lawsuit .
In reality , the suit says , Day was taking the money for herself .
And Robinson found himself unable to pay his living expenses and the $ 10,000 a month he owes the IRS , the suit says .
A Day pal called Robinson ’s claims fiction .
She described him as a “ vengeful ” person going after Day ’s money .
“ He did n’t write anything , ” the pal said .
“ He has no money .
He has n’t worked in 10 years and she supported him . ”
dareh.gregorian@nypost.com
Researchers at Yale School of Medicine have discovered that exposure during pregnancy to Bisphenol A ( BPA ) , a common component of plastics , causes permanent abnormalities in the uterus of offspring , including alteration in their DNA .
The findings were reported in the March issue of Journal of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology ( FASEB J. ) .
Led by Hugh S. Taylor , M.D. , professor in the Department of Obstetrics , Gynecology & Reproductive Sciences at Yale , the study is the first to show that BPA exposure permanently affects sensitivity to estrogen .
Taylor and his team used two groups of mice , one exposed to BPA as a fetus during pregnancy and another exposed to a placebo .
They examined gene expression and the amount of DNA modification in the uterus .
They found that the mice exposed to BPA as a fetus had an exaggerated response to estrogens as adults , long after the exposure to BPA .
The genes were permanently programmed to respond excessively to estrogen .
" The DNA in the uterus was modified by loss of methyl groups so that it responded abnormally in adulthood , " said Taylor .
" The gene expression was permanently epigenetically altered and the uterus became hyper - responsive to estrogens . "
Taylor said that exposure to BPA as a fetus is carried throughout adulthood .
" What our mothers were exposed to in pregnancy may influence the rest of our lives .
We need to better identify the effect of environmental contaminants on not just crude measures such as birth defects , but also their effect in causing more subtle developmental errors . "
Explore further
Why BPA leached from ' safe ' plastics may damage health of female offspring
More information : The FASEB Journal ( Journal of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology ) Vol. 24 , Issue 3 ( March 2010 )
All days are not created equal .
Some do n't just seem longer than others -- they are .
A classic movie about World War II 's D - Day was called " The Longest Day . "
However , scientifically , that title was not correct .
That was not the longest day .
Nor is a summer solstice , June 21 , when the period between sunrise and sunset is the longest in the northern hemisphere .
The longest day in the past century occurred sometime during 1912 , according to JPL geophysicist Dr. Richard Gross .
The shortest day in the past 100 years was August 2 , 2001 , when the length of time that it took Earth to make one complete turn on its axis actually dipped below 24 hours by about one - thousandth of a second .
Gross studies Earth 's rotation .
As it turns out , Earth does n't rotate like clockwork .
In a recent paper in the journal Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors , Gross combined several series of length - of - day measurements into one that spans from 1832 to 1997 and smoothed out some of the error with a sophisticated mathematical formula .
" The length of the day changes about a millisecond over the course of a year , " says Gross .
" It gradually increases in the winter , when Earth rotates more slowly , and decreases in the summer .
There are also longer patterns of changes in the length of day that last decades , even centuries . "
Since there are 86,400 seconds in a 24 - hour day , a few thousandths of a second might not seem to make much difference , but they do .
Knowing exactly when and how much Earth 's rotation varies may lead to better models of the atmosphere and oceans , improved weather prediction and a greater understanding of the planet 's inner workings .
In addition to his research , Gross works with a group at JPL that uses the global positioning system to measure Earth 's rotation very precisely , to about one - hundredth of a millisecond .
" JPL is one of the few places in the world that has an application for this kind of work , " says Gross , " and that 's spacecraft navigation . "
" If , say , you want to send a lander to Mars , " says Gross , " you can track the spacecraft with respect to Earth .
So you need to know exactly how Earth is oriented in order to make the right course maneuvers to target a particular landing site on Mars . "
" If Earth rotated uniformly , you would know how it is oriented at any particular time in relation to Mars or any other place , " says Gross , " but Earth does n't rotate uniformly . "
Gross tries to understand these changes and how to predict them .
" Variations in the length of day were first noted by Edmond Halley in 1695 , " says Gross .
" He was looking at the Moon 's motion and thought he saw it accelerating .
What he really saw was the Earth slowing down . "
Since Halley 's time , scientists have used a variety of techniques to measure Earth 's rate of rotation .
First they used astronomical methods .
Now they use lunar and satellite laser ranging ; a technique called very long baseline interferometry ; and the global positioning system .
The length of the day -- how fast or slow the Earth rotates -- depends on how Earth 's mass is distributed .
Its mass includes the atmosphere , the solid Earth and its fluid core .
When the distribution of Earth 's mass changes , as during a major earthquake , for example , so does the speed of its rotation .
" It 's like an ice skater , " says Gross , " who spins faster as she brings in her arms .
She is changing her mass distribution . "
" The annual changes in the length of the day , " says Gross , " are caused mostly by the atmosphere -- changes in the strength and direction of the winds , especially the jet stream .
The Sun warms the equator more than the poles .
That temperature difference is largely responsible for the jet stream .
Seasonal changes in that temperature difference cause changes in the winds and , hence , the length of the day . "
The longer patterns in changes of the length of the day can last for decades .
" These are caused by processes within Earth 's core , " says Gross .
" The core is a fluid .
Its motion generates Earth 's magnetic field .
Changes in its motion can change the rotation of solid Earth .
Observing the magnetic field at the surface gives us an idea of how fluid is moving within the core .
These changes in the fluid motion inferred from the magnetic field match the longer period changes we see in the length of the day . "
We happen to be in the midst of one of these long - term patterns now .
Annually , the length of the day has been getting shorter since 1992 .
If the trend continues , says Gross , the shortest day may well appear this summer .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This story first appeared on the TomDispatch website .
Americans , it ’s been said , learn geography when they go to war .
Now , it seems , many get their history when they go to a Tea Party rally or tune in to Glenn Beck .
History is a “ battlefield of ideas , ” as Beck recently put it , while looking professorial in front of a blackboard filled with his trademark circled names connected by multidirectional arrows , his hands covered with chalk dust .
In this struggle , movement historians like Beck go all in , advancing a comprehensive interpretation of American history meant to provide analytical clarity to believers and potential converts alike .
As paranoid as it may be , this history is neither radical nor revisionist , since the Tea Party activists and their fellow travelers pluck at some of the major chords of American nationalism .
It ’s easy to dismiss the iconography of the movement : the wigs and knee breeches , the founding - father fetishism , the coiled snakes , and , yes , the tea bags .
It ’s no less easy to laugh at recent historical howlers like the claims of Dick Armey , who heads FreedomWorks , a corporate Tea Party front , that Jamestown was settled by “ socialists ” or the Texas School Board ’s airbrushing of Deist Thomas Jefferson from its history textbooks .
It ’s fun to ridicule Beck , as Jon Stewart recently did , when he goes all “ Da Vinci Code , ” and starts connecting Woodrow Wilson , Mussolini , and ACORN in order to explain 2008 ’s economic collapse .
But historical analysis is about making connections , and there is , in fact , coherence to the Tea Party version of history , which allows conservative cadres not just to interpret the world but to act in it .
And yes , it is all about race .
The 1040 Archipelago
At the heart of Tea Party history is the argument that “ progressivism is fascism is communism . ”
Conceptually , such a claim helps frame what many call “ American exceptionalism , ” a belief that the exclusive role of government is to protect individual rights — to speech , to assembly , to carry guns , and , of course , to own property — and not to deliver social rights like health care , education , or welfare .
At Tea Party rallies and on right - wing blogs , it ’s common to hear that , since the time of President Woodrow Wilson , progressives have been waging a “ hundred - year - long war ” on America ’s unique values .
This bit of wisdom comes directly from Beck , who has become something like the historian laureate of American exceptionalism , devoting many on - air hours to why progressivism is a threat equal to Nazism and Stalinism .
Progressives , he typically says , “ started a hundred - year time bomb .
They planted it in the early 1900s . ”
Beck has compared himself to “ Israeli Nazi hunters , ” promising , with language more easily associated with the Nazis than those who pursued them , to track down the progressive “ vampires ” who are “ sucking the blood out of the republic . ”
As Michael Lind pointed out in a recent essay at Salon.com , behind such Sturm - und - Drang language lurks a small group of relatively obscure historians , teaching in peaceful , leafy liberal arts colleges , many of them influenced by the late University of Chicago political theorist Leo Strauss .
They argue that the early twentieth - century progressive movement betrayed the very idea of universal natural rights invested in the individual , embracing instead a relativist “ cult of the state . ”
As a result , a quest for “ social justice ” was elevated above the defense of “ liberty ” — a path which led straight to the gulag and the 1040 short form .
From there , it was an easy leap to History ’s terminus : the Obamacare Death Panels .
These historians and their popular interpreters , especially Beck and Jonah Goldberg , the author of Liberal Fascism , naturally ignore the real threats to individualism that the turn - of - the - twentieth - century progressive movement was responding to — namely a massive concentration of corporate political and economic power and Gilded Era “ wage slavery . ”
Instead , they present history as a zero-sum , all - or - nothing “ battlefield of ideas , ” with the founding fathers , Abraham Lincoln , and Winston Churchill on one side , and Jefferson Davis , Wilson , Franklin Roosevelt , Stalin , Hitler , and Obama on the other .
The individual versus the state .
Freedom versus slavery .
In such an epic view of American history , there is , however , a fly in the ointment or , more accurately , a Confederate in the conceptual attic — and that ’s the inability of the Tea Party and affiliated right - wing movements to whistle past Dixie .
Is the Tea Party Racist ?
Of course it is .
Polls confirm that Tea Party militants entertain deep - seated racial resentment .
In April , a New York Times / CBS
News study revealed that most tea partiers tend to be over 45 , white , male , affluent , and educated and think that “ too much has been made of the problems facing black people . ”
A high percentage of them also believe that Obama favors blacks over whites .
But to say the movement is racist based only on the spit and vitriol hurled at African - American congressmen and civil rights activists like Emanuel Cleaver , or on the placards depicting Obama as a monkey or a pimp , allows for rebuttal .
The minute the reality of the spitting incident is challenged and “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” is substituted for “ Go Back to Kenya , ” voilà , the movement is instantly as wholesome as apple pie .
A debate over a recent University of Washington poll helps us understand why the movement is racist no matter which slogans and symbols it chooses to use .
The poll found that “ support for the Tea Party remains a valid predictor of racial resentment . ”
When right - wingers offered the criticism that the pollsters ’ methodology conflated racism with support for small - government ideology , they reexamined their data and found themselves in agreement ( of a sort ) with their critics .
“ Ideology , ” they wrote in a follow up , was indeed an important factor , for “ as people become more conservative , it increases by 23 percent the chance that they ’re racially resentful . ”
In other words , it was n’t membership in the Tea Party movement per se that predicted racism , but conservatism itself ( though the Tea Party does have a higher percentage of members who displayed racism than conservatism in general ) .
This should surprise no one .
After all , the Founding Fathers cut Thomas Jefferson ’s description of slavery as an “ execrable commerce ” and an “ assemblage of horrors ” from the final draft of the Declaration of Independence , and race has been crucially embedded in the conception of the patriot ideal of the sovereign individual ever since .
As Harvard historian Jill Lepore has written about the original Boston Tea Party , the colonists had a choice : “ either abolish slavery … [ or ] resist parliamentary rule .
It could not do both . ”
Many in Virginia , of course , did n’t want to do both .
Instead , they simply defined the defense of slavery as part of American liberty .
While Jefferson , himself a slaveholder , failed in his effort to extend the notion of individual inalienable rights to blacks , he was successful in setting two rhetorical precedents that would continue to influence American political culture .
First , he used chattel slavery as a metaphor for British tyranny , equating the oppression of Africans with the oppression of the white colonists .
At the same time , he stoked racial fears to incite rebellion : King George III , he wrote , was “ exciting ” blacks to “ rise in arms among us , and to purchase that liberty of which he has deprived them by murdering ” whites .
One could draw a straight line from these words to George H.W. Bush ’s infamous 1988 Willie Horton ad .
From then on , the ideal of the assertion and protection of individual rights was regularly bound up with racial demonology .
Anglo genocidal campaigns against and land theft from Native Americans , for instance , contributed to the influential theories concerning property of John Locke , who before Beck arrived on the scene , was considered “ America ’s philosopher , ” the man most associated with the notion of God - given inalienable individual rights and restricted government .
Once such theories were formulated , they were then used to further justify dispossession , contributing , as law professor Howard Berman put it , to the “ Americanization of the law of real property . ”
The nineteenth century was known for a frenzied speculative capitalism that generated staggering inequality .
At the same time , eliminationist wars that drove Indian removal , the illegal invasion of Mexico by the United States in 1846 , and the ongoing subjugation of African Americans helped stabilize the Daniel Boone - like image of a disciplined , propertied , white male self — and did so by contrasting it with racial enemies who were imagined to be unbridled ( like the speculative capitalists ) , but also abject and property - less .
The Civil War cemented the metaphor whereby the free individual was defined by ( and endangered by ) his opposite , the slave , and has been used ever since to frame conflicts that often , on the surface at least , do n’t seem to be about race at all .
It ’s a point nicely illustrated recently by Dale Robertson , a prominent Tea Party organizer , who carried a sign at a rally that read : “ Congress = Slaveowner , Taxpayer = Niggar . ”
Beck , for his part , has identified ACORN , the Service Employees International Union or SEIU , the census , and the healthcare bill , among other threats , as laying the foundation for a “ modern - day slave state ” in which , of course , his overwhelmingly white following could be reduced to the status of slaves .
As to progressives , he has said that , “ back in Samuel Adams ’ day , they used to call them tyrants .
A little later I think they were also called slave owners , people who encourage you to become more dependent on them . ”
Sometimes , though , it really is just about race : “ Obama ’s Plan , ” announced one placard at a Wisconsin Tea Party gathering , would lead to “ White Slavery . ”
Lock - And - Load Populism
When Tea Partiers say “ Obama is trying to turn us into something we are not , ” as one did recently on cable TV , they are not wrong .
It ’s an honest statement , acknowledging that attempts to implement any government policies to help the poor would signal an assault on American exceptionalism , defined by Beck and likeminded others as extreme individualism .
The issue is not really the specific content of any particular policy .
As any number of frustrated observers can testify , it is no use pointing out that , say , the healthcare legislation that passed is fundamentally conservative and similar to past Republican healthcare plans , or that Obama has actually lowered taxes for most Americans , or that he gets an F rating from the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence .
The issue is the idea of public policy itself , which , for many on the right , violates an ideal of absolute individual rights .
In other words , any version of progressive taxation , policy , and regulation , no matter how mild , or for that matter , of social “ justice ” and the “ common good ” — qualities the Texas School Board recently deleted from its textbook definition of “ good citizenship ” — are not simply codes for race .
They are race .
To put it another way , individual supremacy has been , historically speaking , white supremacy .
This helps explain why it is impossible for the anti-Obama backlash to restrain its Tourette - like references to the Civil War to frame its fight , or its rhetorical spasms invoking secession and nullification , or its urge to carry Confederate flags as well as signs equating taxpayers with slaves .
That America ’s first Black president ’s first major social legislation was health care — something so intimately , even invasively about the body , the place where the social relations of race are physically inscribed ( and recorded in differential mortality rates ) — pushed the world - turned - upside - down carnival on display every night on Fox News , where the privileged fancy themselves powerless , another step toward the absurd .
The deepest contradiction may , however , lie in this : the teabaggers who reject any move by Big Government when it comes to social policy at home remain devoted , as Andrew Sullivan recently wrote , to the Biggest Budget - Busting Government of All , the “ military - industrial - ideological complex ” and its all - powerful commander - in - chief executive ( and surprising numbers of them are also dependent on that complex ’s give - away welfare state when it comes to their livelihoods ) .
As James Bovard , a consistent libertarian , has observed , “ many ‘ tea party ’ activists staunchly oppose big government , except when it is warring , wiretapping , or waterboarding . ”
For all the signs asking “ Who is John Galt ? , ” the movement has openly embraced Arizona ’s new “ show - me - your - papers ” immigration law and mutters not one complaint over the fact that America is “ the most incarcerated society on earth , ” something Robert Perkinson detailed in Texas Tough , his book on the Lone Star roots of the US penitentiary system .
The skin color of those being tortured , rounded up , and jailed obviously has something to do with the selective libertarianism of much of the conservative movement .
But this passion for pain and punishment is also an admission that the crisis - prone ideal of absolute individualism , forged in racial violence , would be unsustainable without further state violence .
Behind the lock - and - load populism and the kitsch calls to “ rearm for revolution ” is a recognition that the right ’s agenda of corporate deregulation — the effects of which are evident in exploding coal mines in West Virginia and apocalyptic oil spills in the Gulf of Mexico — can only be achieved through ceaseless mobilization against enemies domestic and foreign .
Here ’s an example : “ I know that the safety and health of coal miners is my most important job , ” said Don Blankenship at a corporate - funded Friends of America rally held in West Virginia last Labor Day , where speakers such as Ted Nugent and Sean Hannity spoke out against tyrants , regulation , “ Obama and his cronies , ” taxes , cap - and - trade legislation , unnamed “ cockroaches , ” China , green technology , and , naturally , gun control .
Blankenship just happens to be the CEO of Massey Energy , owner of the Upper Big Branch mine where 29 workers recently lost their lives .
He is also famous for waving the banner of individual rights even as he presides over a company that any totalitarian state worth its salt would envy , one that intimidates “ its workers into a type of lock - step compliance that most often takes the form of silence , ” including threats to fire workers who take time off to attend the funerals of the dead miners .
Wrapping himself in the American flag — literally , wearing a stars - and - strips shirt and baseball cap — Blankenship told that Labor Day crowd that he did n’t “ need Washington politicians to tell ” him about mine safety .
Seven months later , 29 miners are dead .
The End of American Exceptionalism
And here ’s the irony , or one of them anyway : in the process of defining American exceptionalism as little more than a pitchfork loyalty to individual rights , Beck and other right - wingers are themselves becoming the destroyers of what was exceptional , governmentally speaking , about the United States .
Like John Locke ’s celebration of inalienable rights , Founding Father James Madison ’s distrust of the masses became a distinctive feature of American political culture .
Madison valued individual rights , but in the tripartite American system of government he worked hard to help fashion , a bulwark meant to contain the passions he knew they generated .
“ Liberty is to faction what air is to fire , ” he wrote in 1787 , and in the centuries that followed , American politicians would consistently define their unique democracy against the populist and revolutionary excesses of other countries .
Today , though , not just Fox News Jacobins like Beck and Hannity but nearly the entire leadership of the Republican Party are fanning those flames .
Newt Gingrich hopes the Tea Party will become the “ militant wing of the Republican Party , ” looking to hitch his political fortunes to a movement now regularly calling for a “ second bloody revolution . ”
It is hard to think of another time in American history when one half of the political establishment has so wholly embraced insurrectionary populism as an electoral strategy .
Considering the right ’s success at mimicking the organizing tactics of the left , it would be tempting to see recent calls for rebellion and violence as signs that the conservative movement is entering its Weathermen phase — the moment in the 1960s and 1970s when some left - wing activists succumbed to revolutionary fantasies , contributing to the New Left ’s crackup .
Except that violence did not really come all that easy to the American leftists of that moment .
There was endless theorizing and agonizing , Leninist justifying and Dostoevskian moralizing , from which the left , considering the ongoing finger - pointing and mea culpas , still has n’t recovered .
In contrast , conservative entitlement to the threat of violence is so baked into American history that , in moments like this , it seems to be taken for granted .
The Tea Party crowd , along with its militia , NRA , and Oath Keeper friends , would just as easily threaten to overthrow the federal government — or waterboard Nancy Pelosi — as go golfing .
On the 15th anniversary of the bombing of the Oklahoma Federal Building , which left 168 people dead and 600 wounded , gun-rights militants held a rally at the capital mall in Washington , along with a smaller , heavily armed one across the Potomac , where speaker after speaker threatened revolution and invoked the federal siege of Waco to justify the Oklahoma bombing .
This is the kind of militancy Gingrich believes the Republicans can harness and which he tenderly calls a “ natural expression ” of frustration .
Where all this will lead , who knows ?
But you still “ do n’t need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows . ”
Greg Grandin is a professor of history at New York University .
His most recent book , Fordlandia : The Rise and Fall of Henry Ford ’s Forgotten Jungle City , just published in paperback , was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize , the National Book Award , and the National Book Critics Circle Award , and was picked by the New York Times , the New Yorker , and NPR for their “ best of ” lists .
A new edition of his previous book , Empire ’s Workshop : Latin America , the United States and the Rise of the New Imperialism , will be published later this year .
The summer edition of USA magazine Bi Women is out and available for download or order .
For this edition , readers were invited to talk about bodies : body image , gendered bodies , health , bodies as objects and / or subjects of attraction .
You can download it as a pdf from the bi women site here .
Barack Obama has just spilled the exact number of nuclear weapons the United States deploys around the world – for decades a closely guarded secret .
Russian security analysts say they 're impressed with President Obama 's disclosure , which puts pressure on Moscow to reciprocate .
But do n't hold your breath waiting for a Russian response .
Because Moscow relies much more heavily on its nuclear arsenal for security and regional influence than the US does , a dramatic announcement is unlikely , analysts in Russia say .
" It 's a big PR victory for Obama , and a very strong signal that his talk of a nuclear - weapons - free world is not just empty rhetoric , " says Alexander Konovalov , president of the independent Institute for Strategic Assessments in Moscow .
" But for Russia it 's not so easy to match this step , due to differences in our security doctrine and the role of nuclear weapons in our defenses . "
FAS calls on Russia to reciprocate
Ahead of the opening of the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) Review Conference in New York , the Obama administration revealed a US nuclear stockpile of 5,113 nuclear warheads as of September 2009 .
That includes all active weapons , both strategic and tactical , but not " several thousand " more that are awaiting dismantlement under arms control accords .
The Federation of American Scientists , which has been producing the best estimates of global nuclear arsenals from public sources for the past 30 years , noted proudly in a statement Tuesday that the Pentagon 's official count is just 13 bombs off its own latest guess , and added that the US move " ends years of unnecessary and counterproductive secrecy " about atomic arms .
" Disclosing the size of the US nuclear weapons stockpile puts pressure on other nuclear - weapon states to reciprocate , " the group says .
" Russia , whose arsenal is more difficult to track and assess , should respond by divulging comparable information about the size and status of its nuclear stockpile . "
The organization estimates that Russia currently deploys around 2,600 strategic nuclear warheads and 2,050 tactical ones .
The exact number of strategic weapons – those with intercontinental capability , based missiles , submarines or bombers – would have been provided to the US in the course of negotiations for the recently signed START accord .
" Tactical " nuclear warheads usually have a smaller explosive yield than " strategic " ones and are typically mounted on missiles with a range of about 300 miles or less .
New Russian doctrine lowers threshold for using nukes
Russian analysts insist that the numbers of tactical weapons in Moscow 's arsenal will not be so easy to estimate , or to divulge .
The US is moving toward a nuclear - weapons - free world because it believes there are no military objectives the US armed forces could n't achieve by using conventional arms alone , they argue .
By contrast , Russia , whose conventional forces are at their weakest point in decades , has grown far more dependent on nuclear weapons for its security .
The latest Kremlin security doctrine actually lowers the threshold for using nuclear arms even in a small local conflict .
" There is not the slightest possibility that Russia will reveal the number of tactical nuclear weapons it holds , " says Vitaly Shlykov , a former deputy defense minister who now works as a civilian adviser to Russia 's Defense Ministry .
" The main thing that justifies Russia 's claim to be a major regional power is its nuclear arsenal , and there is considerable leeway in our nuclear doctrine to use tactical nuclear weapons in an emergency , " he says .
" The mystique surrounding these weapons – that is , their numbers and the conditions under which Russia might employ them – is considered a very important advantage .
I do n't believe Russian leaders would contemplate giving this up . "
Debate about whether Russia should respond in kind
Gennady Chufrin , an arms control expert with the government 's Institute of World Economy and International Relations , says that all Russian nuclear weapons are based on Russian soil , while the US still deploys tactical nuclear weapons in Europe , Korea , and elsewhere .
" Russia would be very interested in negotiating a treaty covering tactical nuclear weapons , so why would we reveal the figures in advance ? " he asks .
But others argue that Russian leaders will find it difficult to maintain a posture of cold - war - style secrecy after Obama 's sweeping disclosure of US capabilities .
" If we do n't respond , it 'll hurt Russia 's image , " says Yevgeny Bazhanov , vice rector of the official Diplomatic Academy in Moscow , which trains Russian diplomats .
" If Obama was strong enough to overcome the resistance of his military establishment and take this dramatic step , our leaders cannot do otherwise , " he says .
" It 's a matter of honor for them . "
Related :
NPT 101 :
Part 1 : How relevant is the cold war treaty in an age of terrorism ?
Part 2 : Which countries have nuclear weapons ?
Part 3 : Why Iran sees nuclear ' hypocrisy
Part 4 : Clash between nuclear haves and have - nots
Part 5 : Is Iran violating the nuclear treaty ?
This month marks the 60th anniversary of the outbreak of the Korean War , a three - year conflict that claimed 4 million lives , 36,000 of them American .
It ’s been dubbed “ The Forgotten War ” — US military historians focus more on Vietnam , World War II and even the Civil War .
But one battle will never be forgotten : The Chosin Reservoir Campaign .
In the winter of 1950 , the 12,000 Marines and 3,000 soldiers of the 1st Marine Division were surrounded by 120,000 Chinese soldiers at the Chosin Reservoir .
Trapped 78 miles behind enemy lines and battered by sub- zero temperatures , the American troops fought their way out , taking their dead and wounded with them .
As the men reached the coastline , 98,000 civilians followed them , desperate to escape Communist rule in North Korea .
The Marines , soldiers and sailors volunteered to stay for three more days , under fire , until all of the refugees were loaded onto ships and brought safely to South Korea .
Seventeen Medals of Honor , 73 Navy Crosses and 23 Distinguished Service Crosses were awarded , making Chosin one of the most decorated battles in American history .
The Chosin Reservoir Campaign is taught , along with Belleau Wood and Iwo Jima , to every Marine recruit and officer candidate to illustrate the standard set by those who have gone before .
Whether we ’re on patrol in Afghanistan , providing humanitarian aid in Haiti or just cleaning the barracks at Camp Pendleton , we have a legacy to uphold by completing our mission , no matter what challenges we face .
Marines get the job done .
Period .
But when I set out to make the first - ever documentary about Chosin with Marine Capt .
Brian Iglesias ( after we ’d both left active duty ) , we discovered that not even the Marine Corps had archived first - person accounts of the battle on film .
We took an oral - history approach to the project and spent eight months on the road collecting stories from 185 Korean War veterans in 27 cities across the United States .
As fellow combat veterans , we forged a unique connection with the men we interviewed .
Time and time again , these men told us stories that they had never told anyone — not their wives , their children or their closest friends .
Brothers Juan and Jesse both fought at Chosin in the 7th Marines .
After the war , they came home and raised their families in the same San Antonio neighborhood , but never spoke to each other about Korea .
The day we met , one brother described the first time he killed a man , first thrilled and then saddened as he realized the enemy soldier was a teenager , just like him .
The other recalled fighting through an overwhelming night attack , his platoon of 40 Marines reduced to seven men by morning .
There were tears , laughter and even wonder at their ability to remember events they had n’t spoken of in six decades .
For them , as for many combat vets , these things felt best left on the battlefield .
How can you describe losing friends , feeling absolute terror or taking another man ’s life without the worry of alienating a loved one ?
Those who serve are also a humble bunch , and it feels awkward to explain your own triumphs .
So , you come home and try to move on .
There were two lessons learned on this journey .
The first : Find a mission .
The military gives you a higher sense of purpose that is difficult to find anywhere else .
These men adjusted by going to school , raising families , starting businesses and volunteering .
They kept themselves busy .
The second lesson : Do n’t carry the weight of your experiences alone .
Despite the pain relived during the interviews , every man shook our hands afterward and smiled and joked with us , more light - hearted .
They asked about our experiences in Iraq , and two generations of warriors realized that they were , at their core , the same American kids who have always stepped forward and answered the call .
These men allowed us to shed the weight of our war .
Anton Sattler is a captain in the Marine Reserves and the producer of “ Chosin ” ( frozenchosin.com ) .
“ Chosin ” premieres in New York at Symphony Space at 6:30 pm Wednesday .
One of the alleged 162,000 jobs created in March can be found in Snohomish , Washington .
Although the gig only pays $ 8.55 / hour , it ’s a real resume builder .
What minimum wage job posted on Craigslist inspired 260 applications from people aged fourteen to sexagenarian ?
Why , being a kennel helper at Roscoe ’s Ranch , owned by Guy Palumbo , of course .
The job posting is quite clear in explaining that duties include scooping dog poop .
Who is desperate enough to take this job ?
According to Recession ’s untold story , just about everyone :
A laid - off graphic designer applied .
So did a freelance photographer .
Two out - of - work teachers sent résumés .
Remarkably , so did someone in their mid-40s who had worked as a financial controller at an environmental - services company .
“ There are a few people in here , such as accountants , who are so overqualified for this job , ” Palumbo said .
“ I know people just want to work but I do n’t think it would make much sense for me to hire them . ”
The rest of the applicants read like a recession roll call .
There are past customer - service reps from WaMu , AT&T , J.C. Penney and Sprint .
A slew of retail clerks and cashiers , as well as out - of - work waiters .
The biggest group , by far , is dozens of laborers , construction workers , landscapers and maintenance workers .
This must be one of those mythical “ green shoots ” I ’ve been hearing so much about on CNBC and other establishment media outlets .
Maybe if the likes of Larry Kudlow and Bob Shrum pile this manure high enough something will grow out of it — most likely a fungus .
Spray on Cannabis is coming to Europe
Spray on Cannabis is coming to Europe .
Fantastic news for people suffering from MS , Cancer , Arthritis and other ailments .
Do we need any more proof that this plant is a medicine ?
Made by a company called GWPharm there ’s more details at the Times and National Post .
According to NHS trials it “ significantly reduced neuropathic pain , spasticity , muscle spasms and sleep disturbances ” .
There are now even studies that have shown that marijuana slows the growth of cancer cells .
Or even destroys them oh yes really .
And some people are not waiting for the government to come clean with the positive effects this plant can have when extracted and taken as a medicine .
Although unscientific , Rick has achieved good diy results treating cancer patients .
A recent quote in the Financial Times :
“ Cannabis has functioned as medicine for 2,700 years .
It ’s just the last 70 years that it has been considered something else . ”
The BBC reported on this recently showing some amazing government approved cannabis growing rooms and processing plants , check it out below .
UPDATE : Sativex may be available in the UK by the end of June .
UPDATE 2 : It has been approved .
UPDATE 3 : Doctors are apparently being advised not to prescribe sativex !!
They must have some very good reasons to come up with such a crazy idea .
httpvh://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l55mt0kJ9iY
I was giving a talk last week to a group that was exclusively female ( well , apart from the ‘ sound man ’ ) .
In addition to talking about some general nutritional principles designed to enhance health and energy , I thought I ’d talk about some things that tend affect women more than men .
Naturally , it occurred to me to talk about pre-menstrual syndrome ( PMS ) .
Typical symptoms include fluid retention , breast tenderness and swelling and mood change including irritability and / or low mood .
I do n’t mean to be glib , but while PMS is often said to affect women only I ’m not so sure : many men will have had bad experiences of the quite severe mood issues that can affect some women .
Fortunately , I find in practice that the symptoms of PMS can be considerably improved or even eliminated within 2 - 3 menstrual cycles through supplementation with the herb Agnus castus .
This herb has a long history of use in natural medicine , and has ( for what it ’s worth ) a fair bit of science behind it .
For example , a study published in April found that , compared to placebo , Agnus castus improved 16 of 17 PMS symptoms [ 1 ] .
In practice , I find this herb hugely effective .
Very rarely , in my experience , does it fail to bring significant relief .
Of course some ( or even all ) of the benefits may be down to the placebo response .
But as I ’ve stated before about such things , I do n’t care ( and neither , generally speaking , do my patients ) .
My mention of Agnus castus in the presentation last week prompted a lot of scribbling , which made me thing there were many women in the audience who felt they could perhaps do with some .
Out of curiosity , I asked women who were using or had used Agnus castus to raise their hands .
There were no takers .
Some may have been shy about declaring this in public .
So , I asked who in the room had even heard of this herb .
Again , no takers .
OK , so the women I was talking to were in the banking industry and I suppose should not be expected to be aware of herbal medicines .
However , there were about 120 women in the room , and they came from all over Europe , so for no - one to have heard of this herb came as a bit of shock .
PMS is a common problem , and for some women can be very debilitating for a few days up to a week or more before their period .
Agnus castus offers a cheap , safe and usually effective solution to this issue .
Generally , I think more women should know which is why I ’m writing about it now .
The last time I wrote about Agnus castus was three years ago .
Here ’s a link to that piece , which also includes and even older article about the herb and how to use it .
References :
1. Ma L , et al .
Evaluating therapeutic effect in symptoms of moderate - to - severe premenstrual syndrome with Vitex agnus castus ( BNO 1095 ) in Chinese women .
Aust N Z J Obstet Gynaecol .
2010;50 (2):189-93 .
Besides the gui/vnc consoles you can still use the equivlent of xm console in Citrix XenServer .
On the host console :
xe vm-list to get the list of domins running ( just note the uuid of the domain you want ) .
list_domains will list the domain name and the uuid of the domains .
Match up your uuid so you get the proper dom_id
xm console equivlent is / usr / lib / xen / bin / xenconsole dom_id
Its not in the root users $ PATH though I think it ought to be .
Of course you can symlink it or alter your path yourself but it would be a sensible default .
Example :
xen01 = dom0
knox = linuxpv domU
Say I want to connect to knox ( a linux domU )
[ root@xen01 ~ ] # xe vm-list uuid ( RO ) : 8258a6d4-23f6-003d-30d7-65bd13086863 name - label ( RW ) : knox power - state ( RO ) : running uuid ( RO ) : 1a191475-a99d-7a77-6550-b30a0038fd92 name - label ( RW ) : Windows Server 2008 SP2 x86 power- state ( RO ) : halted uuid ( RO ) : ffd95724-d818-4f15-b4b4-159b7ff41df4 name - label ( RW ) : Control domain on host : xen01 power - state ( RO ) : running
Now get domain ids
[ root@xen01 ~ ] # list_domains id | uuid | state 0 | ffd95724-d818-4f15-b4b4-159b7ff41df4 | R 1 | bc150966-8c21-7ad9-c329-839d5823041d | B H 7 | baa3699b-95dd-eea0-ccc4-51e8972857f5 | B 11 | 8258a6d4-23f6-003d-30d7-65bd13086863 | B
You can see the domain ID that matches the UUID of knox is 11 .
So we use xenconsole .
[ root@xen01 ~ ] # /usr/lib/xen/bin/xenconsole 11 ( press enter )
You have new mail in / var / spool / mail / root [ root@knox ~ ] #
` Besides the gui/vnc consoles you can still use the equivlent of xm console in Citrix XenServer .
On the host console :
xe vm-list to get the list of domins running ( just note the uuid of the domain you want ) .
list_domains will list the domain name and the uuid of the domains .
Match up your uuid so you get the proper dom_id
xm console equivlent is / usr / lib / xen / bin / xenconsole dom_id
Its not in the root users $ PATH though I think it ought to be .
Of course you can symlink it or alter your path yourself but it would be a sensible default .
Example :
xen01 = dom0
knox = linuxpv domU
Say I want to connect to knox ( a linux domU )
[ root@xen01 ~ ] # xe vm-list uuid ( RO ) : 8258a6d4-23f6-003d-30d7-65bd13086863 name - label ( RW ) : knox power - state ( RO ) : running uuid ( RO ) : 1a191475-a99d-7a77-6550-b30a0038fd92 name - label ( RW ) : Windows Server 2008 SP2 x86 power- state ( RO ) : halted uuid ( RO ) : ffd95724-d818-4f15-b4b4-159b7ff41df4 name - label ( RW ) : Control domain on host : xen01 power - state ( RO ) : running
Now get domain ids
[ root@xen01 ~ ] # list_domains id | uuid | state 0 | ffd95724-d818-4f15-b4b4-159b7ff41df4 | R 1 | bc150966-8c21-7ad9-c329-839d5823041d | B H 7 | baa3699b-95dd-eea0-ccc4-51e8972857f5 | B 11 | 8258a6d4-23f6-003d-30d7-65bd13086863 | B
You can see the domain ID that matches the UUID of knox is 11 .
So we use xenconsole .
[ root@xen01 ~ ] # /usr/lib/xen/bin/xenconsole 11 ( press enter )
You have new mail in / var / spool / mail / root [ root@knox ~ ] #
`
Nintendo ’s just whisked the veil from its newest gaming machine : The 3DS .
It ’s a reinvention of the classic handheld , with a high - tech booster injection from the whizzy display system of the moment –3 - D graphics rendering .
Back in March we knew a little about the machine : Its 3 - D rendering would deliver the 3 - D illusion without needing you to wear special glasses , backwards compatibility for older DS and DSi titles would be included , we thought the screen may be 720 p , and the device would have accelerometers built in for some motion gaming goodness ( also very much in the current technology vogue ) that may even add some of the Wii ’s runaway success to the 3DS .
We even wondered if the two screens may hook together in a more cohesive way for this edition of the DS , creating a larger visual surface , and if the 3DS would incorporate 3G circuitry for Web browsing or even some social networking .
There were other rumblings that the device would be more powerful than a Wii , and would finally bring a useful implementation of 3 - D imaging tech to the public by incorporating a 3 - D camera into the unit .
Today we learned everything we needed to know :
The main screen is 3 - D , and has HD resolution ( 720 p ? ) across a display 3.5 inches across .
This is a huge thing , everything we ’d been expecting .
The 3 - D is glasses - free to let you “ take 3 - D ” everywhere you go .
It has n’t got touchscreen powers .
There ’s a 3 - D “ slider ” on the side so players can control how “ much ” 3 - D is presented .
The secondary screen is a touchscreen , so it is only 2 - D because it can better tolerate fingerprint smudges .
Accelerometers are indeed built in , giving Wii - like motion control gaming , but there ’s also a gyro in there to give it iPhone 4 - like powers .
The lid does have 3 - D cameras in , facing forward when the device is flipped open .
And the control options are joined by an analog stick , for more precise control .
In terms of wireless comms there seems to be no 3G , but the 3DS automatically sniffs for Wi -Fi signals and can , without user interaction , communicate with other 3DS units .
It ’s supposed to be ultra-simple so the non-Net - savvy ( kids ) can benefit .
Even when away from wireless access points , the system will have auto - downloaded content to boost your experience , like extra levels for games .
Nintendo has also announced a partnership with several movie studios to bring 3 - D movies to the 3DS .
Disney , Warner Brothers , and Dreamworks are onboard .
But the biggest secret , according to Nintendo is a secret project established years ago to build a single game for the 3DS –possibly intending it to be its killer app , in the mold of Mario .
It ’s called Kid Icarus : Uprising .
“ The only true way to experience ” Kid Icarus is in 3 - D , according to Nintendo .
Update : According to our man on the scene the 3 - D graphics were “ perfect , ” including that slider control .
This is , perhaps like the iPad , a system that you may need to see in person to really “ get ” it .
I really hate it when managers refer to people ( developers ) as resources !
I am not sure if this is an issue in other fields , but I do know software and it is rampant .
Everyone is always concerned with resources .
“ We ’re going to need more resources ” “ Are you sure we have the resources ? ”
It really is hard to get good resources these days .
The longer I spend building software , the more I find myself annoyed when I hear this talk of resources .
Hardware is a resource , so is possibly computing power , certainly crude - oil ; people are not resources !
Referring to people as resources , creates an impression that developers are plug - and - play components .
Worse than that it makes it seem as if there is a readily available and inexhaustible supply of these “ resources ” .
Of course , these days we all know that even real resources such as oil , gas are not inexhaustible or as readily available as they have been in the past .
But the attitude fostered by using the word remains the same .
The problem with this one is that , it ’s quite insidious .
That ’s how all the big boys talk , you want to play with the big boys , you gotta pick up the lingo .
Any fresh - faced young manager or developer can instantly make themselves sound more “ with - it ” by throwing the R word around .
And when everyone around you is doing it , you ca n’t help but fall into it as well .
It happens to me all the time , so I have to mentally kick myself every time I catch myself doing it .
It ’s about respect you see .
Like calling the waiter serving you in a restaurant – “ garcon ” .
Noone likes being referred to as “ boy ” and they like it even less if you equate them to an inanimate carbon rod .
If you ’re going to treat your developers as amorphous balls of goo , do n’t be surprised when they do n’t buy into your “ corporate vision ” and could n’t give a rat ’s ass about the products you ’re building .
If you ’re a manager or even a developer with a penchant for calling people resources , please stop !
If you have non-verbal references ( in spreadsheets , schedules etc ) , go and change them all to the names that should have been there in the first place .
If you hear others using it , pull them up on it .
I am a believer in the fact that a lot of small changes , over time , can add up to making a big difference ( more on that later ) and this one small change will make a big difference all on its own – I guarantee it .
What I like to do these days , every time I hear the word “ resources ” , is ask the question :
“ You mean people , right ? ”
Cause you never know , they could mean gold bullion , in which case I would agree – those things are hard to come by and you can never have too much .
Image by Uncle Kick - Kick
I was invited to speak at a recent TEDx event in Berkeley , but I withdrew late in the game when the TED folks asked me to sign a contract that would have given them the right to edit my talk however they wished without my permission .
This is something that I never allow , because I ’ve learned the hard way that even people with good intentions can screw things up by making bad edits .
I ’m writing today , not to talk about the rights of content creators to their work , but about the theme of this TEDx event , which struck me as misguided .
I and the other speakers were asked to tie our talks to the theme “ Doing the Unprecedented . ”
When I received this request from the event coordinator ( TED calls them “ curators ” ) , I told her that I would tie my talk to this theme by making the case that doing the unprecedented is highly overrated .
Most of what we can do to make the world a better place involves , not doing the unprecedented , but doing what matters and what works , whether unprecedented or not .
This might not be as exciting as the unprecedented , but it ’s desperately needed .
I believe that too many opportunities are wasted because we glorify the unprecedented for its own sake .
In the United States over 150,000 people die each year due to post - surgical complications .
That ’s three times the number of traffic fatalities .
What makes this even more shocking , however , is the fact that half of these post - surgical deaths could have been prevented , not by doing the unprecedented , but by doing what medical professionals already know , but often fail to do .
Many of these surgical failures are caused by the complexity of the work .
When tasks are complex and you ’re working under stress amidst distractions , it ’s hard to remember everything that should be done .
A movement is now underway to solve this problem , which involves nothing unprecedented , but something that another highly skilled group of professionals — pilots — have been doing for many years .
Surgical teams are beginning to use checklists .
Atul Gawande , who led the effort to create this surgical safety checklist for the World Health Organization , writes convincingly about the need for checklists in all professions that deal with complexity in his new book The Checklist Manifesto : How to Get Things Right .
In the field of data visualization , failures are more common today than successes , not due to complexity , but to the fact that few people have been trained in the simple principles and practices of graph design .
As a result , they rely on software tools to do the work for them and most of those tools lead them astray , encouraging them to produce silly , useless displays like this .
This is a travesty , because we are living at a time when we could be making tremendous use of data to inform better decisions , and most of the rules for doing this well have been known for years .
Here ’s an example of one of the earliest quantitative graphs , hand drawn by William Playfair in 1786 .
In his time , Playfair did the unprecedented by inventing or greatly improving many of the quantitative graphs that we use today .
Back in 1983 , Edward Tufte published his first book , The Visual Display of Quantitative Information , in response to the problem of ineffectively designed graphs .
And yet , despite Tufte ’s efforts , plus my own and the work of several others since , it appears that graphical communication skills in general might actually be declining .
Problems like this silly pie chart on Fox News , which adds up to 193 % , are far too common .
When did we lose sight of the fact that data displays are about data , expressed clearly , accurately , simply , and meaningfully ?
When did Business Intelligence ( BI ) take a wrong turn down the path to business stupidity ?
In our efforts to do the unprecedented , to make ourselves look impressive by decorating our data in impoverishing ways , we ’ve adopted practices that make us dumb .
Most of the principles for doing this right have been known for a long time .
Let ’s save the unprecedented for situations that demand it .
For most data sense - making and presentation , let ’s do what ’s needed and what works .
Take care ,
Reverse mortgages are intended for seniors who want to supplement the income they receive from their retirement funds and social security .
If you could use some extra funds after retirement , a reverse mortgage could warrant consideration .
You should be sure , however , that you plan on living in the home for the life of the loan before you make the commitment .
Unlike a home equity loan or second mortgage , a reverse mortgage does n’t require you to make payments on the withdrawn equity .
You also are not obligated to submit repayment unless you move out of your home , sell it , or fail to meet any other obligation outlined by your mortgage .
Is a Reverse Mortgage Right for You ?
There are a few rigid guidelines that govern who is eligible for a reverse mortgage :
You must be 62 years of age or older .
You must own your home .
You must have low or outstanding debt left on a low - interest mortgage .
Eligibility
You must be 62 years and older in order to qualify for a reverse mortgage and the property must be your main residence .
Check the balance on your mortgage because it must be low enough that the proceeds of your reverse mortgage will cover the remaining balance .
Your income or credit will not be taken into account because you will not be making payments on this mortgage .
If you have an open or pending bankruptcy , court approval may be required before moving forward with closing the reverse mortgage .
Reverse mortgages are only good for FHA standard property types , which are most 1 - 4 family residences and approved condos .
You can either go through the FHA / HUD for a reverse mortgage or a private financial institution .
Their program is called The Home Equity Conversion Mortgage .
If you chose to go through the FHA for a reverse mortgage , you will be required to take a counseling course at no to low cost to you .
The course is to ensure that you fully understand the financial and legal responsibilities associated with getting a reverse mortgage .
It ’s a great opportunity for you to ask any and all questions before signing anything .
Before borrowing , you would be required to get financial advice from a source approved by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) .
How You Get Paid , How You Pay It Off
As with any loan , you will have to pay off your reverse mortgage .
The difference is , you wo n’t be paying out of pocket .
Your payment to cover the loan — which you do not pay until you move out of the home or die — will come out of your home ’s value , or home equity .
If you are looking to move to a smaller home or just receive an income infusion , a reverse mortgage could turn your current home into funds .
The amount you ’ll be eligible to receive depends on where you live and how much your house is worth .
This reverse mortgage calculator from AARP can help you get an idea of how much you can borrow .
You can choose to receive funds from your reverse mortgage in a few ways :
A lump sum , as monthly cash advance , as a line of credit , or a combination of the three .
If you die before moving out of the home on which you have a reverse mortgage , your debt will not be passed on to your heirs .
Instead , the money the sale of your house brings back on the market will be used to repay the loan .
Three factors play a role in determining your loan size : your age , the interest rates your select and the value of your home .
Lending limits vary on institution ( and county ) , but federally cannot exceed $ 625,500 .
If you have a high - valued home , you can access something that is called a “ Jumbo ” loan , allowing you to have a high loan amount than $ 625,500 ; however as of right now , the FHA will not be able to insure the loan and you may pay higher fees .
According to the HUD , you can receive your loan in five different ways :
Tenure : equal monthly payments as long as at least one borrower lives and continues to occupy the property as a principal residence .
equal monthly payments as long as at least one borrower lives and continues to occupy the property as a principal residence .
Term : equal monthly payments for a fixed period of months selected .
equal monthly payments for a fixed period of months selected .
Line of Credit : unscheduled payments or in installments , at times and in an amount of your choosing until the line of credit is exhausted .
unscheduled payments or in installments , at times and in an amount of your choosing until the line of credit is exhausted .
Modified Tenure : combination of line of credit and scheduled monthly payments for as long as you remain in the home .
of line of credit and scheduled monthly payments for as long as you remain in the home .
Modified Term : combination of line of credit plus monthly payments for a fixed period of months selected by the borrower
Associated Fees
Unlike a standard mortgage in which taxes and insurance are covered by an escrow fund , the homeowner pays out taxes and insurance for a reverse mortgage .
You must keep current in order to avoid defaulting on your reverse mortgage .
The money you receive from your reverse mortgage is not taxable and your public benefits ( Social Security , Medicare , etc ) will not be affected by it .
The loan ends when the borrower dies , moves away or sells the home .
At which point , the borrower ( or heirs in the event the borrower is deceased ) can refinance the home or turn it back over to the lender .
There is a year limit to make a decision .
Drawbacks
First , you ’ll need to pay mortgage insurance , in addition to standard homeowners ’ charges such as repairs and taxes .
Second , there is a chance you will not receive all of your home equity through a mortgage if you die before full the loans are paid out .
The interest on a reverse mortgage is tax deductible , but only after the loan is fully repaid .
Finally , if you make too much money through your reverse mortgage , you could become ineligible for rewards such as Medicaid and supplemental Social Security benefits .
There is a high upfront cost associated with acquiring a reverse mortgage .
The upfront cost depends on the value of your home and a certain percentage is arranged .
For more information on the upfront cost you can contact the FHA .
Another criticism has been the interest rate .
If your mortgage is not paid off completely , you can use your reverse mortgage to pay the reminder ( which is why you have to have acquired a certain amount of equity to qualify ) ; however , the reverse mortgage interest is rolled into your mortgage payment .
If you are n’t meticulous , you could be paying more on your mortgage and less on what you needed the extra money for in the first place .
Other Home Equity Options
A reverse mortgage is not the only way to borrow money using the value of your home .
A Home Equity Line of Credit ( HELOC ) is a loan in which you use the value of your home as collateral .
I know you 've definitely heard this about a billion times by now , but I do n't know what else to add !
This is just super epic !
The characters were comletely in - character , the dialogue was hilarious and well - written ( I could actually hear the character 's voices saying those lines in my head , it was THAT good ) and the art was superb .
Excellent job !
OFFICIAL : Atletico Madrid Sign Fran Merida From Arsenal
The 20 - year - old has signed a five - year deal with the club he supports , rejecting the Gunners offer ...
Last Monday , I showed a video , shot from my helmetcam , of a group ride at Little Creek .
The centerpiece ( i.e. , the moment I showed four times 24 seconds into the piece ) of the video was when The Runner crashed , whacking her buttbone ( a technical term ) good and hard into a sharp protruding rock .
To add injury to another injury , I also showed The Runner ’s second fall , as the after - blackout - easteregg at the very end of the video .
I do n’t show that fall four times , because , frankly , I did n’t get a very good shot of it .
What I do n’t show at all in the video is what happened after The Runner fell .
Either time .
That ’s because after the first fall , The Runner hops around , runs in place , and swears a lot .
If it had been a guy — Rick Sunderlage ( not his real name ) , for example — it would have been kind of comical ( especially to the tune of the Mary Tyler Moore Show ) — and I would have run the post - injury footage for sure .
Since it was my wife , I decided against it .
A double standard ?
You bet .
After the second fall , I did n’t run the footage because The Runner was just laying there — face down — for a few minutes , coping with the the massive amount of pain she was experiencing .
( Photo by Brad M )
She had hit her hands so hard she thought they were broken , and one of her knees took a very deep cut .
The thing is , we had a surprising amount of medical expertise on - hand after these crashes .
Heather ’s a doctor ; The Runner is a nurse .
Unfortunately , however , it was the nurse who was hurt , and the doctor ’s expertise is in cancer research .
And as for me , well , the video reveals that apart from untangling The Runner from her bike , I ’m quite useless .
Mostly , I just ask her , over and over , whether she ’s OK and if there ’s anything I can do .
Which , I think it should be pointed out , actually does serve a purpose : after I asked these questions often enough it became so irritating that it distracted The Runner from the pain of her injuries .
How to Behave
Since then , I have had time to ponder : what , exactly , should I have done while I waited for The Runner ’s pain to subside ?
As a cyclist who sometimes rides with a female cyclist , I realize that how one acts may depend on who one is with , and have therefore helpfully segregated my findings into appropriate gender combinations .
If you are a male cyclist with an injured female cyclist
Refrain from telling her how hot she looks in lycra .
Now is not the time .
Trust me .
Tell her how tough and awesome she is .
By the way , she is very tough , and very awesome .
Just in case you were n’t clear on that .
Tell her anyone else would be crying harder / acting more pathetic than she is , including you .
But do n’t use the words “ acting more pathetic , ” because that implies she ’s being pathetic at all , which she is not .
Get her bike ready to ride again .
The woman is going to want you to shut up at some point .
This is a good time for you to fiddle with her bike and make sure it ’s good to go .
Volunteer to make a tourniquet / bandage out of your jersey .
But not until she ’s on her feet and seems like she might appreciate your sense of humor again .
Describe the events leading up to the injury .
Be expansive and generous with the difficulty of the triggering obstacle and / or event .
She did n’t endo when she hit a rock .
It was a big ol ’ honkin’ ledge , and she darn near cleared it anyway .
I ’m not exactly sure why we all start telling the story as soon as the event happened , but it seems to help , and it seems to help more if you get started with the exaggeration right away .
If you are a male cyclist with an injured male cyclist
Ask if he ’s alright .
Depending on how old you are and where you live , you should either end the sentence with “ dude , ” “ man , ” or “ bro . ”
It makes the question affectionate and concerned - sounding without being too affectionate and concerned - sounding .
Lean his bike against a tree .
He wo n’t trust any tweaks , fixes , or adjustments you make anyway .
Wait for 30 seconds before asking if he ’s ready to ride .
If he says he needs another minute , wait another thirty seconds and ask again .
Repeat as necessary .
Describe the event , but feel free to trivialize certain aspects ( such as the prime cause of the event ) and enhance other aspects ( such as the high - pitched scream the victim made upon suffering a compound fracture ) .
If you are a female cyclist with an injured male cyclist
Tell him how hot he looks in lycra .
For guys , there ’s no bad time to hear this , and even when we ’re injured there ’s a small part of us that ’s wondering if our guts are sufficiently sucked in .
Otherwise let us suffer quietly .
We ’re trying to be manly and stoic .
If you begin to describe the event , we ’re going to think it sounds silly , because you ’re not exaggerating our manliness sufficiently .
If you call the injury on our leg a “ nasty little scrape , ” you ’re making it that much harder to refer to it as a five - inch - long gushing gash when we recount it later .
Do n’t touch our bikes .
Unless we beg you to help us unclip .
If you are a female cyclist with an injured female cyclist
Honestly I have no idea .
Do whatever it is you women do when you ’re with each other .
Like , talk about how much you miss us men .
That ’s what you do when we ’re not around , right ?
Now , I ’m sure some of you are thinking , “ Well , how about administering a little first aid ? ”
But that would assume I know what I ’m doing and would not be making the problem worse .
For example , in my panic , I might have been likely to give
The Runner rattlesnake poison antidote , which probably would n’t have helped very much .
It ’s Not Too Late to Save Kyrgyzstan
In 2005 , the world ’s heads of states , gathered at the United Nations headquarters in New York , agreed that they had a responsibility to protect their own peoples from mass atrocities — and that the responsibility would fall to the larger community when a state proved unable or unwilling to prevent such crimes .
Since that time , violence reaching the legal threshold of crimes against humanity ( the other specified constituent crimes are genocide , war crimes , and ethnic cleansing ) has been perpetrated in Sudan , Sri Lanka , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and arguably in Kenya , Burma , and Zimbabwe , among other places .
In almost every case , the world has failed to muster an even remotely effective response .
So far , it looks like we can add Kyrgyzstan to the list ; but it ’s not too late to get things right .
In the explosion of ethnic violence that rocked the southern city of Osh starting June 10 , as many as half the country ’s 800,000
Uzbeks were forced to flee their homes before marauding mobs of ethnic Kyrgyz , apparently abetted by government troops .
An untold number , which the New York Times now puts at " thousands , " have been killed .
Arson , rape , and other atrocities have been widespread .
Late last week , the very fragile government in Bishkek finally seemed to gain control over the army ; or perhaps , with the victim population largely terrorized and dispersed , the violence simply burned itself out .
But this might be the lull before another storm :
Uzbeks may seek revenge , in turn provoking new attacks from Kyrgyz or from the Kyrgyz - dominated security forces .
Naomi Kikoler of the Global Center for the Responsibility to Protect calls the violence " a textbook case of R2P , " as the norm has come to be abbreviated .
Her organization as well as Human Rights Watch and the International Crisis Group have called for urgent international action .
In the first moments of the crisis , Kyrgyzstan ’s interim president , Roza Otunbayeva , issued a desperate call to Moscow to provide troops .
Instead , Moscow referred the matter to its own regional body , the Collective Security Treaty Organization ( CSTO ) , which then declined to authorize action .
Russia had cited R2P — with transparent cynicism — to justify its 2008 invasion of South Ossetia and Georgia .
Why not now , with a willing government and a genuine crisis ?
It is morally satisfying to say , as human rights advocates often do , that nobody is acting because nobody cares .
And that ’s often true :
The death of several hundred thousand Darfuris weighed far less with most states than assuring " African solutions to African problems " or preserving commercial ties with an oil - rich regime .
But Kyrgyzstan , the world ’s only country with both a U.S. and a Russian military base , is scarcely a geopolitical orphan ; and because the government , in this case , is not perpetrating the atrocities , potential actors do not have to defend a regime at the cost of neglecting citizens .
Whatever its strategic or moral preferences , Russia faced an extremely daunting calculus , as Peter Zeihan , an analyst for Stratfor , which provides " strategic intelligence , " pointed out in a recent article .
Kyrgyzstan is 1,800 miles from the Russian heartland and has a rugged geography and little economic value .
There is also the huge complicating factor of Uzbekistan , which borders the inflamed area , aspires to be the regional hegemon , and would almost certainly have objected to the Kyrgyz request .
Indeed , any dispatch of Russian troops to the periphery would have instantly reminded both Russians and their neighbors of very painful experiences in Afghanistan and Chechnya .
The CSTO is widely viewed in the West as Russia ’s Potemkin NATO , but Moscow would have been loath to act unilaterally in the face of opposition from other members ( one of which is Uzbekistan ) .
Finally , ethnic
Uzbeks were the victims — and " Russians and Uzbeks do n’t like each other , " as Stephen Sestanovich , a Russia expert at the Council on Foreign Relations , puts it bluntly .
And why did n’t the United States act ?
There have been reports that Otunbayeva also asked Washington for help .
A senior administration official says that the rumors are untrue , though an unofficial appeal might have been made to U.S. diplomats .
Such a request , he insists , " would have been taken very seriously , " but it ’s hard to believe that President Barack Obama would have ordered troops transiting the NATO base at Manas for Afghanistan to form a convoy to Osh .
Indeed , asking neighbors to send troops to suppress atrocities within days of their outbreak , especially if they might have to take on a local army , is a test the international community is very likely to fail .
But military force is only one , and not necessarily the most effective , response to " R2P situations . "
In 2008 , swift diplomacy prevented post - electoral violence in Kenya from turning into mass slaughter ; tough sanctions at the very outset might have halted the killings in Darfur .
The current lull in violence in southern Kyrgyzstan , and the eagerness for help displayed by a very weak but democratic regime , gives international actors a second chance to get things right , and without an urgent military intervention .
But will they ?
The White House , along with other donors and the United Nations , is now focused on helping to organize humanitarian assistance .
The deeply insecure environment around Osh has raised the question of whether troops might be needed to secure a " humanitarian corridor , " but because this was precisely the limited mandate of the U.N. peacekeepers who were sucked into a vortex in Bosnia and Somalia , among other places , officials are exploring this approach with extreme caution .
A senior U.N. official says that shops in Osh have begun to reopen , raising the hope that supplies can be distributed without military protection .
The threat of renewed violence wo n’t subside just because refugees are being fed and housed ; returning them to their homes might , in fact , exacerbate the situation .
The U.N. official to whom I spoke was surprisingly sanguine about reconciliation , hoping that a June 27 referendum that would give permanent status to the interim government would strengthen the regime ’s capacity to act .
The Security Council discussed Kyrgyzstan once last week , and neither Secretary General Ban Ki-moon nor council members have shown much urgency on the subject .
But the White House has been engaged in virtually round - the - clock consultations on mechanisms to prevent another outbreak of violence , along with Russia , various allies , and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , whose current head is Kazakhstan .
Here , too , it might be necessary to ask the Security Council to authorize some kind of " stabilization mission , " perhaps involving police or constabulary forces rather than peacekeepers .
The administration official said policymakers are considering " a dozen alternatives " and have n’t yet come up with the right one , much less marshaled whatever forces would be needed to implement it .
This official also said that the one positive thing to come out of an otherwise tragic situation is the close cooperation between Russian and U.S. diplomats and political leaders , and Kyrgyzstan will certainly be on the agenda when Obama and President Dmitri Medvedev meet June 24 .
That certainly is a bonus , and perhaps even a validation of the " reset " with Russia .
But if the two former adversaries work together to make a really , really sincere effort that fails to stop a new round of violence , that will be to no one ’s credit .
Russia may be cynical on R2P , but this U.S. administration is not .
In his National Security Strategy released last month , Obama vowed to remain " proactively engaged in a strategic effort to prevent mass atrocities and genocide . "
Last summer , when the Sri Lankan government killed thousands of civilians in its campaign to wipe out a vicious terrorist group , the administration worked quietly , and as it turned out ineffectively , to stanch the violence .
Kyrgyzstan presents an easier test — about as easy as R2P situations are likely to get .
This time , no points for trying hard .
Postscript : Last week I reported that Haji Abdul Jabar , the governor of Arghandab , a district just north of Kandahar , had been assassinated by the Taliban .
I questioned whether anyone would be brave and foolish enough to take his place .
Kevin Melton , the U.S. Agency for International Development official working with the local government , informs me that Haji Muhammad , the " shura leader , " immediately agreed to do just that .
Those who would urge the Obama administration to abandon its counterinsurgency effort must be prepared to tell the likes of Haji Muhammad that the United States does n’t think the game is worth the candle .
So you 've decided to build a kegerator .
This is going to be fun !
With a few hours work and a couple of tools you will have your favorite kegged beverage on tap in no time and you might even save a little money .
Quality ready - made kegerators are available for purchase and no DIY skills are needed , but start at around $ 499 .
If you already have an extra refrigerator or can get one really cheap then you can save some money installing a kegerator conversion kit .
There are a few basic kegerator styles you can go with if you want build your own .
Kegerator conversion kits can be purchased that will fit almost any type of refrigerator or freezer you might have .
A full size refrigerator , compact refrigerator or chest freezer can be modified to hold and dispense kegs , so if you 've been asking " How do I build a kegerator ? "
Here 's how ...
Choosing a Refrigerator
Full Size Refrigerator
This is the basic refrigerator with a top freezer and bottom fridge configuration used most for kegerator conversions .
You can also use a french door ( side - by - side ) style refrigerator .
Compact Mini Fridge
A low profile and small footprint refrigerator that can hold various size kegs .
Faucets can be mounted through the door or a draft tower can be installed on the top .
Chest Freezer
A freezer modified with a thermostat controller and wooden collar to store and dispense multiple kegs .
Most often referred to as a " Keezer " by homebrewers .
The first thing to consider with the fridge or freezer you choose is the size kegs you plan to dispense out of it .
Refrigerators and freezers come in many shapes and sizes , so knowing what kind of kegs you plan to dispense will help you choose a refrigerator with enough space to accommodate the keg height and diameter .
Most common keg types and their sizes
Home Brew
( Cornelius keg ) Sixth ( 1/6th ) barrel Short Quarter
( 1/4 ) barrel
" Pony Keg " Slim Quarter
( 1/4 ) barrel Half ( 1/2 ) barrel Capacity 5 gallons
640 oz
53 x 12 oz glasses 5.23 gallons
669 oz
55 x 12 oz glasses 7.75 gallons
992 oz
82 x 12 oz glasses 7.75 gallons
992 oz
82 x 12 oz glasses 15.5 gallons
1,984 oz
165 x 12 oz glasses Height 25 " 23.3 " 14.8 " 23.3 " 23.3 " Diameter 8.5 " 9.25 " 17 " 11 " 17 " Weight ( full ) 49 lbs. 56 lbs. 81 lbs. 81 lbs. 161 lbs .
Full Size Refrigerators
Many people have an extra " garage fridge " for holding spillover frozen foods or drinks .
This is a great fridge to modify into a kegerator .
These are usually full size refrigerators with top freezer compartments or side by side .
Either can be transformed into a kegerator .
You can mount the taps on the side of the fridge or straight through the door and use the refrigerator as normal when you do n't have any kegs to dispense .
If you mount the taps on the front ( through the door ) make sure you mount them low enough so your tap handles are n't in the way of the upper freezer door .
You can also attach a bracket to connect the fridge and freezer doors together .
This way you do n't have to worry what height you mount the taps .
The fridge and freezer door will open together .
Many DIY kegerators can benefit from a temperature control switch to bypass the refrigerator 's thermostat controls .
Most temperature control switches are equipped with LCD display to show you the current temperature which is an added bonus .
The larger full size refrigerators can also be painted with chalkboard paint to give you an instant menu board .
Again , the big advantage to a full size fridge kegerator build is space .
On some full size refrigerators you may have to level out the floor by building a platform out of wood .
Once the base is level you can store kegs , bottles , cans or even ferment beer inside .
Pros :
Full size refrigerators are much larger than compact style refrigerators and can hold more kegs , a larger CO2 tank and can hold chilled glassware .
Compact Mini Refrigerators
You might be strolling through a hardware store one day and see a great deal on an open box or scratch and dent mini fridge .
You think to yourself " I could totally make this into a kegerator " and you would be correct .
Open up the fridge and make sure it is a freezerless type .
The freezer compatment you see in many small fridges will be in the way of the kegs .
The Danby Compact Mini All Refrigerator is the most commonly used DIY compact mini refrigerator for kegerator conversion .
It is around 4.4 cu ft. of space and does not have an upper freezer compartment .
It requires a little modification of the inner door frame to fit two kegs inside , but the project is not that hard .
We modified one in this step - by - step Kegerator On a Budget build story .
The one in that project actually did have a freezer compartment and we carefully bent it down without breaking the coolant line .
You can mount taps throught the door of a mini fridge just like you would in a full size refrigerator .
The only thing you need to factor in is how far the door shanks protrude inside .
You do n't want them hitting the kegs and not allowing you to close the door all the way .
The alternative is to mount a draft tower on the top of the fridge .
Pros : Compact mini refrigerators have a much smaller footprint and can hold 2 - 3 slim kegs depending on the size unit you get .
Mini refrigerators are easier to move around and you have the option for door taps or tower taps .
Chest Freezer ( Keezer )
Keezers are a homebrewer 's spirit animal .
A chest freezer kegerator is a great option if you want to have more than 4 beers on tap at one time .
Some homebrewers have up to 10 beers going at a time , so having the ability to choose any size chest freezer needed to house your kegs makes this a perfect choice for brewers .
With plenty of space inside to hold your air tank and regulator , many homebrewers add primary and secondary regulators to their keezer .
The primary regulator sets the global pressure and then the secondary regulator allows you to turn down the pressure on each keg line if needed depending on the beer style being dispensed .
A wooden collar is built between the base freezer unit and the freezer lid to increase the height and allow for the kegs .
The lid is then mounted back onto the wooden collar .
A thermostat controller is used to bypass the factory freezer thermostat and regulate normal serving temperatures .
The drawback , for some , on the keezer style is that you must be able to lift the kegs up over the collar and into the freezer .
Keezer Tip :
When shopping around for a chest freezer you can take a few cardboard cutouts to match your keg diameter and place them down inside to see how many kegs will fit .
Pick a Kegerator Conversion Kit
Once you have decided which type of refrigerator you will be using for the kegerator build , you can select an appropriate kegerator conversion kit .
There are a number of kits available , varying in number of taps , air tank sizes , drip trays , towers , regulators , etc .
Depending on what equipment you may have already ( maybe a CO2 tank and kegs ? ) you should choose the kit to match your fridge .
Note that most kits you buy will be put together with lower quality components like chrome plated faucets .
These kits are really made for entry level ( first - time ) kegerator owners to save money .
If you want something that lasts longer than a year or two , I would suggest buying all of the necessary components separately and choosing higher quality parts made of stainless steel versus chrome plated .
These stainless steel parts will last you much longer and you 'll thank me later .
Here is the essential equipment list you will need for practically all kegerator projects .
These items can be bought separately allowing you to choose the quality of each part , but if you do n't really care or are in a hurry you can just purchase a kegerator conversion kit that contains everything you need .
It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED that you purchase a beer line cleaning kit at the same time you purchase your kegerator conversion kit .
It is wise to clean your beer lines thoroughly before firing up your kegerator in earnest .
There are a few specialty tools needed to make your kegerator conversion .
It is un-escapable that you will need to drill holes into your fridge in order to mount your draft spigots or tower .
A drill attachment called a hole saw can drill through fridge materials quite easily , and is available at most hardware stores .
All in all , you will likely need the following list of tools :
1 Power drill 2 1 " and 3 " hole saw bits 3 Phillips and flat head screwdrivers 4 1/8 " drill bit 5 Pliers
Modify the Refrigerator
Once you have your kegerator conversion kit , it is time to begin !!!
The first step is thoroughly cleaning and sanitizing the fridge that you are converting .
Remove the shelves , if there are any , and if the floor of the fridge is not flat and level , you should build an elevated floor that is flat and even .
Modifying the fridge ( drilling holes through it ) will obviously void any warranties , so make sure you are committed before you make your first cut .
UPRIGHT FRIDGE
Now , if you are building an upright kegerator conversion , drill a 1/8 " pilot hole for the Shank holes .
Make sure that the pilot hole goes all the way through the door or side wall that the faucets will be mounted on .
The faucets should be elevated sufficiently to clear the keg if mounted on the door and centered .
Next , you will drill a hole using the 1 " hole saw on the outside of the door for the shanks to go through .
Drill a larger 3 " hole from the inside of the door , using the larger bore hole saw .
Into this hole fit your shank through the door with the flange against the outside and the nut tightened onto the inside of the panel door .
The larger hole on the inside will facilitate the tightening of the shank nut .
CHEST FREEZER ( KEEZER )
Using a chest freezer is a good option if you want more than four kegs on tap at one time .
Building a wood collar ( with 2x6 " s ) between the freezer top and bottom gives you a place to drill for shanks and faucets without having to worry about hitting coolant lines .
A temperature controller is a good investment on any kegerator , but they become essential in a keezer build .
The temperature controller will bypass the freezer thermostat , allowing you to set the temperature to your desired serving temperature .
MINI FRIDGE
You can choose between door mounted faucets or install a draft tower on the top .
If you decide to install a draft tower on the top you will need to be exceedingly careful of coolant lines .
Should the coolant lines be ruptured , you will need to start over with a new mini-fridge .
TIP : Make a paste solution from corn starch and rubbing alcohol that you can rub over the top of the kegerator .
Plug in the fridge and allow it to run for a few minutes .
The heat from the coolant will cause the alcohol to evaporate and reveal where the lines are running .
Install the Kegerator Kit
Most kegerator kits you buy will have full instructions on how to assemble the various parts and install them on your fridge .
For full size refrigerators with door - mount faucets , you will simply run the shank through the door and tighten the nut down , connect faucets and lines from the shank to the keg coupler and install the air line from the keg coupler back to the air tank regulator .
The basic process is the same for the keezer build .
For a mini fridge with draft tower , you will mount a draft tower on the top and run the lines down inside the unit though the hole you drilled during modification .
You can use a plastic flange ( found at any hardware store ) on the inside of the unit to screw the tower down into with screws and nuts for more support .
Connect your beer line from the tower shank elbow back to the keg coupler and then connect your air line from the keg coupler back to the air tank regulator .
Installing the drip tray in either kegerator style is relatively simple .
For a kegerator with door mounted faucets , use a drip tray with mounting bracket to mark out the mounting holes and drill them .
Most styles of drip trays are mounted with Phillip 's head screws .
For a tower style mini- fridge , I recommend a self contained spill tray that is manually emptied .
Now , after installing the drip tray , all you have to do is hook up the beer and gas lines , flush them and sanitize them .
Make sure that all hose clamps are tightened and that the CO2 tank is secured and the regulator set to 5 - 8 PSI .
If you have elected to keep your CO2 tank outside of your kegerator , you will need to drill an additional hole through the back and seal around the CO2 line with silicone sealant or rubber grommet .
Once again , you will need to be exceedingly careful not to rupture any coolant lines during this process .
For a top opening design ( keezer ) , you may have room to facilitate the exit of the CO2 line in a relatively undetectable area from the rear side of the lid .
If utilizing a collared design , you can drill through the collar for the exact size of your CO2 line .
Tap the Keg and Pour !
Not sure how to tap a keg ?
Here 's 5 steps to becoming a keg tapping expert .
By Amy Maveety For The Patriot - News
Millions of women have experienced abuse .
Many feel that there is no way out of their relationship .
Others might have been in an abusive relationship and never realized it .
There are many forms of abuse — verbal , emotional , mental , physical and even spiritual abuse .
I have grown up witnessing all forms of abuse within my family .
I have even had my own experiences , enduring verbal , emotional and physical abuse .
Many of us women know when we have crossed the path of what I call a red - flag man .
He ’s cute , just a little dangerous and sexy — oozing that bad boy appeal capable of attracting even the sanest and saintliest women .
He will trip our wires and set off our gut - instinct alarm , but for one reason or another , we wo n’t heed our alarm system .
We will see only what ’s on the surface and , in the end , we pay for it .
Studies have shown that for many women the most difficult part of the abusive relationship is working up the resolve to leave it .
I struggled with this problem myself , but I finally made the healthy choice and have found happiness on the other side .
I can attest that it is the hardest thing to do .
Feeling obligated to your man and his children , if there are any , feeling alone and feeling the stress of being limited in your choice by lack of money or a place to go .
In the end it comes down to this :
What do you want ?
My feelings on this matter , cobbled from factoids in my personal world and in empirical research , is that no one has the right to make you feel small or stupid .
Those women who have spent enough time on the front lines , who have become scholars of abuse in their own right , can have the most nuanced universe of feelings spanning inferiority , despair and a nagging sense they are getting what they deserve .
What I want to tell them is that the only person who has that kind of control over your life is yourself .
You ’re the only person that should be in control of your life .
If you ’re not — if you ’ve ceded control of your happiness and misery to another man — your current relationship partner or the men and women in your past who have taught you to lead a life of self - imposed restriction — then you need help .
Nothing short of a leap of faith or counseling will free you now .
Personally , I decided I would rather be single and alone than miserable and beaten .
It took me years to rediscover my inner voice and carry on the kind of conversation with myself I needed to reclaim my life and the confidence to say " enough ! " to red - flag men .
My story is a true survivor 's story .
Abusive relationships can erode the cognitive faculties and emotional strength you need as resources .
The stress and lack of sleep can lead to depression , irritability , fatigue , weight loss and loss of appetite .
The abuse might have begun with the man fussing with the way you dress .
Maybe he complains that you wear too much makeup or that your cosmetics are a plot to attract other men .
He might demand you stay home more , make you feel guilty about needing to spend time with friends and use the guilt as leverage to get out more himself .
In the end , you might find yourself confined .
Many women begin to feel that the only way to alleviate the shame and guilt is through obedience .
You put everything into surviving the trials and tribulations and then lack time , energy and focus to realize what is happening to you and to develop an exit strategy .
Women like me who have escaped will spend years bearing the scars .
To this day , I have problems with confidence and self - esteem .
Maybe not all the time — but inexplicably the doubts and fears will creep back in — telling me to expect the worst of everything and every man .
I realize this protective barrier can also prevent me from finding the right man and attaining with him the scope and depth of intimacy that reflect what we are capable of as human beings .
You can hear the whispers in your ear : “ What is wrong with you ?
Why do you always have bad luck with men ?
Why are you attracted to red- flag men ? ”
Every woman needs to approach the pattern of abusive relationships as a form of addiction .
The change - agent terminology — such as “ healing process , ” “ big - step recovery , ” “ turning point in your life ” and “ new beginning ” — all apply here .
There are differences among people in how they deal with hurt and how they heal .
For me it has always been “ out of sight , out of mind , ” losing myself in books and waiting out the time it takes to heal .
Regardless of how you choose to pass the time , you are the only person qualified to know whether you have healed , whether you are ready to start a new life and whether that new life will be filled with new people , new places and , most importantly , a “ new you , ” complete with self - respect and confidence .
HOW TO RECOGNIZE ABUSE AND GET HELP
Does someone you know treat you like this ?
Embarass you with put - downs ?
Look at you or act in ways that scare you ?
Control what you do , who you see or talk to or where you go ?
Stop you from seeing your friends or family members ?
Take your money or Social Security check , make you ask for money or refuse to give you money ?
Make all of the decisions ?
Tell you that you ’re a bad parent or threaten to take away or hurt your children ?
Prevent you from working or attending school ?
Act like the abuse is no big deal , it ’s your fault , or even deny doing it ?
Destroy your property or threaten to kill your pets ?
Intimidate you with guns , knives or other weapons ?
Shove you , slap you , choke you or hit you ?
Threaten to commit suicide ?
Threaten to kill you ?
If you answered yes to even one of these questions , you may be in an abusive relationship .
Source : National Domestic Violence Hotline
Where to get help
If you are in immediate danger , call 911 .
The YWCA of Greater Harrisburg
The National Domestic Violence Hotline
Domestic Violence Services of Cumberland & Perry County
Domestic Violence Intervention of Lebanon County
ACCESS - York
Remember , abusers may track cell phone and Internet usage , so the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Domestic Violence recommends using library computers or computers other than your home computer to look for services .
Domestic violence programs also offer limited cell phone loan programs .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Jamie Prophet and Gary Farr of the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra play some popular tunes on the vuvuzela , including Stevie Wonder 's Superstition and Queen 's Bohemian Rhapsody , for BBC Radio 5 live 's Tony Livesey .
See more on the risks of doctors and patients shopping for the lowest prices for health care on American Morning 's series " Prescription for Waste " tomorrow 6 a.m. ET
( CNN ) --
When Godfrey Davies learned he needed surgery to remove polyps blocking his nasal airways , the self - described bargain shopper set out on a mission to find an affordable surgeon .
He quickly learned a good deal is hard to find .
" The total numbers they were throwing at me were just incredible .
I could n't believe it , " he says .
Davies , who is semiretired from his real estate business and uninsured , says he received estimates from two surgeons .
When hospital , anesthesia and incidental fees were all tallied , the cheapest price he could find in Indianapolis , Indiana , was $ 33,127 -- which he would need to pay out of pocket .
" I was speechless . "
Davies recalls .
" It was absolutely out of the question financially for me to have this done under those circumstances . "
Frustrated that his bargain shopping saved him so little , Davies called on family in the United Kingdom for assistance .
When they told him they had found a private hospital in Wales that would perform the surgery for $ 2,930 [ or £ 1,897 ] , Davies did n't think twice .
He purchased a $ 768 round - trip ticket , and on March 18 , he boarded a flight to the UK to have his polyps removed there at a savings of nearly $ 30,000 .
Medical tourism on the rise
An estimated 878,000 Americans will travel internationally for a medical procedure this year , according to a report from the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions .
That number is expected to nearly double by 2012 .
The majority of medical tourists are uninsured ; however , the cost of health care in this country has become so expensive that even some U.S. health insurance companies are coordinating with hospitals overseas .
" It is curious to a number of folks as to why an established American health insurance company would be interested in medical tourism , " says David Boucher , president of Companion Global Healthcare , a subsidiary of Blue Cross Blue Shield .
His pilot program launched in 2007 as a " medical travel facilitator , " allowing participating employers to add an international option to the health care plans they offer to staff .
The company has partnered with 29 hospitals in 14 countries and offers negotiated rates that are lower than those offered at hospitals domestically .
Boucher says employers will sometimes waive co-pays or purchase airline tickets if an individual opts to travel abroad for expensive surgery because , ultimately , it benefits everyone .
" If you can save forty to fifty thousand on an employee 's surgery , it gets right to the company 's bottom line , " Boucher says .
Sound off :
Share your health care horror stories with us
So far , only a handful of insurance companies are offering this type of service , says Jessica Johnson , director of operations for the Medical Tourism Association , an international trade organization that acts as a liaison between patients and their international providers .
She says even with insurance though , many Americans remain underinsured , so more people are educating themselves on the options .
" It 's all about affordability , quality and access , " Johnson says .
" Something they do n't find as often here . "
See this chart for price comparisons of standard procedures in the U.S. versus the prices overseas .
Before you hop on a plane
Sure , the prices are affordable .
But is it safe ?
Experts say before you hop on a plane , there are a few important things to take into consideration .
1 . Know your legal rights
" Each country has a different legal system , " points out Nathan Cortez , assistant law professor at Southern Methodist University and author of a 2009 study looking at the legal risks of medical tourism .
" If something goes wrong , you do n't have the same legal recourse as you have in the United States . "
He advises travelers to research the legal system of the country they are visiting and at least be familiar with what their rights are if something goes wrong .
" In some countries , there are structural disadvantages to bringing about a lawsuit , " he explains .
" For example , if you sue a physician in Singapore and lose the case , you may have to pay the physician 's legal fees . "
Cortez also says to make sure that you will be able to access and bring back your medical records from the hospital you visited .
2 . Make sure the hospital is accredited
Here 's a list of hospitals accredited through the Joint Commission International .
The joint commission inspects facilities to make sure they meet the necessary standards .
3. Negotiate locally one more time
" It 's a real issue with the economics of health care , " says Derek Fitteron , president and of the group Medical Cost Advocate .
" But people can make it economically work by staying in the U.S. "
He says his group has helped to bargain down prices for many people who want to find affordable care in their own ZIP code .
When Fitteron 's team investigated the cost of the procedure Godfrey Davies underwent , for example , they found that on the high end , the price should have been no more than about $ 17,850 in his state .
When CNN contacted the hospital about Davies ' case , officials agreed .
" We inadvertently provided an incorrect quote for the consumer , " a hospital spokesman wrote in an e-mail .
" The actual procedure price was less than half of what we initially quoted . "
Fitteron says self - pay patients are " getting really aggressively overcharged , " as hospitals are trying to subsidize for money lost on things such as Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements .
Davies , who is originally from Wales and has been a U.S. citizen since 2002 , says he was disappointed about having to travel more than 4,200 miles for such a simple procedure .
But ultimately money was the deciding factor .
" $ 33,000 versus $ 3,600 ... I can put up with a lot of inconvenience to save that kind of money . "
CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .
Even for the Pentagon ’s science - fiction division , it seemed like a stretch .
But in 2007 , Darpa really did launch an effort to build programmable matter that could reconfigure itself on command .
Then , two years later , Harvard and MIT researchers really did make progress building “ self - folding origami ” that just might be able to twist themselves into different shapes .
Yesterday , Darpa - backed electrical engineers at the two schools released the stunning results : a shape - shifting sheet of rigid tiles and elastomer joints that can fold itself into a little plane or a boat on demand .
It ’s “ a first step towards making everyday objects whose mechanical properties can be programmed , ” Harvard ’s Robert Wood says in a statement .
The sheet , less than a half - millimeter thick , “ is studded with thin foil actuators and flexible electronics .
The demonstration material contains 25 total actuators , divided into five groupings .
A shape is produced by triggering the proper actuator groups in sequence , ” the statement explains .
The shape - shifter takes a four - step approach to figures out how to rearrange itself .
Step one :
Take a 3 - D model of a completed origami shape , and then reverse - engineer it to see what kind of “ folding paths ” are needed to get there .
Step two :
Take that information to “ produc[e ] a discrete folding plan ” for each tile group , Wood and his fellow researchers note in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
“ The third algorithm receives each of the individual plans [ and ] assembles them onto one sheet … .
Finally , the fourth algorithm chooses the optimum arrangement [ to ] minimize either the number of actuators or number of actuator groups . ”
From there , the thin little machine gets to transforming itself .
In Darpa ’s dreams , this work will eventually lead to everything from morphing aircraft to self - styling uniforms to a “ universal spare part . ”
But in the meantime , a piece of robotic origami that can fold itself into a boat or a plane is wild enough .
See Also :
You Tell Me : What ’s the Hardest Part About Being Frugal ?
Being frugal is n’t always easy .
I ’ll be honest and admit there are some weeks I ’m much more frugal than others .
Sometimes I do it all .
I shop three different stores , carefully matching coupons to sales prices .
I make breakfast from scratch in the morning .
I line dry my laundry on nice days .
And then there are other weeks .
We hit McDonald ’s , instead of eating at home .
I realize I ’m out of bread , so I run to the nearest store with the highest prices to pick up a loaf .
I do n’t plan my errands well enough to get gas at Costco , and I end up spending more at a different gas station , because I need gas NOW .
But why ?
Why is it easier to be frugal one week and not another ?
It comes down to a couple of reasons .
Not Enough Time
Between homeschooling and blogging , I do n’t have a lot of free time .
What little free time I have , I want to spend with my family .
Some weeks are better than others , and I can squeeze everything in .
But other weeks are insane .
We rush from activity to activity , and I fill in the spare moments with my blogging .
It seems on some days I barely have enough time to do a load of laundry at all , much less spend the extra time to hang a load on the laundry line .
Not Enough Organization
More often , a lack of organization is my problem .
Yes , I ’m busy .
That ’s a fact .
But if I were more organized , lack of time would n’t be as much of a problem .
For instance , I know there are going to be days that do n’t go as planned .
That ’s a fact of life .
If I have dinner in the freezer or pantry ingredients on hand for nights like that , I do n’t need to stop by McDonald ’s on the way home .
But that ’s not always the case .
Sometimes I ’m prepared , and sometimes I ’m not .
Adjusting to homeschooling really threw me this year .
It took a lot of mental energy to learn a new routine .
In the end we excelled at school .
I found time to work .
But my household organization suffered a big blow .
When school is over in three more weeks , I plan on working a little harder on a system to keep the household running smoothly , so I do n’t have as many “ what now ? ’ ” moments .
These are my two top struggles when trying to live frugally .
What are yours ?
Peer pressure ?
Lack of frugal know - how ?
Is being frugal easy for you all the time ?
Or are there weeks when you struggle , too ?
If you struggle , what seems to trigger it ?
Photo by LWY .
Earlier this year , malware which purported to be an erotic PC game punished file - sharers who believed they were downloading the real thing .
Instead of endless hours of digital titillation , unlucky pirates had their personal details published on the Internet and had to pay a fee to have them removed .
Now police have arrested two men in connection with this unusual fraud .
After seemingly endless delays , the pervy PC title Cross Days from developer 0verflow was finally released .
Compatible with some delightful USB ‘ hands - free ’ devices for experiencing ‘ climax scenes ’ ( NSFW : male and female versions ) many preferred to obtain the title via unofficial channels .
Those that did were in for quite a shock .
A fake version of the game was widely available on file - sharing networks , but when installed it punished the would - be pirates .
After gathering highly personal information from the victim ’s computer , accompanied by a screenshot of his or her desktop and what they were doing at the time , the malware uploaded the whole lot to a public website .
It was possible to have the stuff taken down , but at a price .
Not only would the victim have to apologize for downloading the ‘ game ’ for free , but they would also have to pay money to their tormentors .
But , as they say , what goes around , comes around .
According to a Japanese media report , this week two men were arrested on suspicion of creating the Cross Days malware and using it to extort money from victims .
Kenzo Oka , 27 , of Tokyo , and an unnamed second man , 20 , were arrested earlier this month on suspicion of defrauding several people out payments of around $ 64 each to have their personal details removed from the website .
While writing computer viruses is n’t a crime in Japan , extorting cash with them is .
The pair become the first to be arrested in the country while using a virus as a tool to commit fraud .
In March 2007 , we reported on another bizarre piece of Japanese code which taunted file - sharers , threatened to report them to the police and even threatened to kill them .
The author of that code was eventually arrested for breaching copyright – because he used cartoon graphics in the virus without permission .
( CNN ) -- France has asked that the official Hamas - run TV channel Al - Aqsa not be broadcast through French - based satellite provider Eutelsat on the grounds that the station has violated a prohibition on incitement to hatred or violence based on race , religion or nationality , the French broadcasting monitoring agency said in a release .
The station has broadcast " several programs ignoring this prohibition , " the Conseil Superieur de l'Audiovisuel said in a June 9 release obtained Tuesday by CNN .
Hazem
Al - sha'rawi , the head of Al - Aqsa , said the decision was politically motivated .
" What is new is the decision is now coming from France after the success of Aqsa TV in broadcasting the campaign of the ' Freedom Flotilla ' and exposing the wrongdoings of the Israeli practices that took place , " Al - sha 'rawi told CNN .
" Always after the success of media outlets in exposing the wrongdoings of the Israeli practices , decisions are made and usually are blackmail decisions .
A short time is left for France to reverse this decision , " he said .
Israel says the commandos were acting in self - defense , pointing to videos that show people on the boat swinging clubs at the Israeli military members as they lowered themselves onto the ship on ropes from helicopters .
Matador Records is throwing itself a 21st birthday party , and what better band to serenade the label as it turns legal drinking age — in Las Vegas , no less — than a reunited Guided By Voices ?
The “ classic ’ 93 to ’ 96 lineup ” of the bacchanal - rock band will join a huge roster of both vintage and present - day Matador groups that also includes Pavement , Sonic Youth , Belle And Sebastian , Spoon , Yo La Tengo , Cat Power , Jon Spencer Blues Explosion , The New Pornographers , and Superchunk playing at the Palms Casino And Resort over the course three nights , Oct. 1 through Oct. 3 . You can check out the preliminary poster with the rest of the bands that have been announced below ; more artists will be added on July 5 , when Matador will also release ticket presale information on its website .
Advertisement
How desperate is BP ?
CEO Doug Suttles finally agreed to purchase 32 of the miracle oil - cleanup machines touted weeks ago by Kevin Costner , according to ABC News .
" We were confident the technology would work but we needed to test it at the extremes .
We 've done that and are excited by the results , " said Doug Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer .
" We are very pleased with the results and today we have placed a significant order with OTS [ Costner 's Ocean Therapy Solutions ] and will be working with them to rapidly manufacture and deploy 32 of their machines . "
The Waterworld actor was so appalled by Exxon - Valdez that he spent $ 20 million of his own money to develop a centrifuge that separates oil from water .
His company , Costner 's Ocean Therapy Solutions , is not a joke .
Says Costner : " If 20 of my V20s [ machines ] would have been at the Exxon Valdez , 90 percent of that oil would have been cleaned up within the week . "
Bret Michaels Back in the Hospital After Suffering ' Warning Stroke ' Doctors find hole in Bret Michaels ' heart after he suffers " warning stroke . "
May 20 , 2010  --
A tragic turn of events has landed Bret Michaels back in the hospital .
The 47 - year - old Poison rocker / reality TV star has been hospitalized after suffering a " warning stroke " known as a transient ischemic attack , according to a statement posted on his website Thursday afternoon .
The attack left Michaels numb on the left side of his body , predominately his face and hands .
Tests conducted on Michaels following his hospitalization revealed more sad news : he has a patent forum ovale -- medical speak for a hole in his heart .
But Michaels ' doctor , Joseph Zambraski , believes the star can recover .
" The good news is that [ the hole ] is operable and treatable and we think we may have diagnosed the problem that caused the transient ischemic attack ( TIA ) or warning stroke ; however we feel it is highly unlikely this is connected to the brain hemorrhage he suffered just a few weeks earlier , " Zambraski said in a statement posted on Michaels ' website .
Zambraski said that until he decides how to treat Michaels ' heart condition , he will give him outpatient care , including daily injections of the blood thinner Lovenox and blood tests .
Michaels ' turn in health comes a day after he appeared on " Oprah " for his first TV interview since suffering a brain hemorrhage that left him clinging to life .
" It sounded like a small handgun went off in the back of my head , " Michaels said about the hemorrhage that he endured April 21 .
" It felt like a pop .
They call it a thunderclap .
...
It 's like a migraine times 10 .
It ran from my temple down to the back of my skull .
I knew something was wrong . "
While Michaels was stricken with massive pain , as his girlfriend and mother of their two children , Kristi Gibson , pulled up to the emergency room , he was able to comprehend a doctor 's grave advice .
" I overheard the doctor telling Kristi , ' If you have children , you should bring them to the hospital now , ' " Michaels said .
Michaels wiped away tears as his oldest daughter , Raine , 9 , told Oprah Winfrey what was going through her head when her dad was rushed to the hospital .
" The scariest part was just like thinking , my dad could die tonight .
All these memories flashed , " she said .
" To think that my dad would n't be growing up with me , that my dad would n't be walking down the aisle . ... "
Michaels said while in the hospital , he asked God to keep him alive so he could be a father to Raine and her sister , Jorja , 5 .
" I was doing a lot of asking at that point , " he said .
" ' I know I 've done a lot of rotten things , I 'm asking for a break here .
If you can cut me a break this time , I promise I 'll be better in the future . ' "
But of course , as the frontman of a world famous glam rock band , he had some more superficial concerns as well -- he kept his signature bandana on throughout the ordeal , even while laying in the hospital bed .
" I said , ' If I 'm going out , I want to go out rockin ' , ' " Michaels told Winfrey .
" Some form of a bandana or cape , if I could go out right .
Not in that hospital gown . "
Though still recovering , Michaels wanted to return to the stage in Biloxi , Miss. , May 28 .
" I have a little bit of trouble , " he said on " Oprah . "
" My neck is very stiff .
The headaches are still there . "
He also hoped to appear on the May 23 live season finale of NBC's " Celebrity Apprentice , " where he 's competing for the title and a $ 250,000 prize for his charity , the American Diabetes Association .
( Michaels was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes as a child . )
It 's unclear whether his most recent hospitalization will prevent him from doing so .
AMAZON KINDLE NOW ONLY $ 189
Still with free 3G wireless — no monthly fees or annual contracts
SEATTLE --( BUSINESS
WIRE ) -- Amazon.com , Inc. ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) today announced that Amazon Kindle , the best e-reader on the market ( see this recent press release from the world 's leading consumer reporting organization —
http://pressroom.consumerreports.org/pressroom/2010/06/amazons-kindle-tops-cr-ebook-reader-ratings.html), is now only $ 189 , down from $ 259 .
Kindle is the 3G wireless portable reader that allows you to think of a book and be reading in 60 seconds , from wherever you happen to be .
Easy to read even in bright sunlight , the 10.2 ounce Kindle is light enough for one - handed reading .
Even though it 's a 3G wireless device , Kindle has no monthly fees or annual contracts .
The Kindle Store includes over 600,000 books and the largest selection of the most popular books people want to read , including 109 of 112 New York Times Bestsellers and New Releases from $ 9.99 .
In addition , over 1.8 million free , out - of - copyright , pre-1923 books are available to read on Kindle .
Since its release , Kindle has been the # 1 bestselling product across the millions of items sold on Amazon .
Kindle is in stock and available for immediate shipment at the new lower price of $ 189 .
Learn more at www.amazon.com/kindle.
It 's hard to argue that more competition is better for consumers , and that 's proving true once again in the growing e-reader market .
For awhile , Amazon 's Kindle dominated the entire space , and they pretty much ran the show .
The Kindle ( and subsequent revisions ) were always priced rather fairly in the eyes of critics , but there 's nothing like a surprise price drop to really get interest growing .
In the hours following Barnes & Noble 's announcement of the Wi-Fi only NOOK ( and the price drop on the 3G + Wi -Fi NOOK to just $ 199 ) , Amazon decided to cut the price of their Kindle ( with global 3G wireless +
Wi - Fi ) in order to better compete .
Before B&N 's reveal , the Kindle was priced at $ 259 .
As of today , the Kindle is priced at just $ 189 , a full $ 10 less than the recently lowered NOOK .
Granted , the NOOK has a color LCD along the bottom to search for books , which the Kindle does n't have , but this is still a great move for consumers .
The world 's most well known e-reader is now available for under $ 200 .
That 's a pretty big deal , and it's one that just might get people to reconsider them ; with the introduction of the iPad , a lot of attention left the e-reader market , but with a price this low , it 's hard to ignore .
Will we sink below $ 150 before the holidays ?
The race is on .
The villains are never as good as Iron Man
Tony 's character has n't grown in two films
The filmmakers do n't really seem to want him to be with Pepper
Metal guys fighting metal guys just are n't that interesting
Tony has no reason to want to join The Avengers
You 've probably heard by now thatis nearly as much fun aswas ( read my review here for more on that ) , and that a huge reason to enjoy the movie is Robert Downey Jr. 's performance as Tony Stark , the wittiest superhero and the one you 'd most like to grab a beer with .
While director Jon Favreau has spent the last two films getting America to fall for a superhero they 'd never even heard of before , he 's also created a lot of problems with Tony Stark 's character that are only going to get worse as the franchise goes forward .
If you think it 's totally awesome that Tony spends half this movie ignoring everyone , or that Whiplash can't hold a candle to Iron Man 's strength , you do n't have your eye on the future .
Presuming that there will be an , and presuming that Tony Stark will play a huge role in 2012 ' sfilm , I see five problems with Tony Stark 's character that need to be fixed immediately if either of these films are going to succeed .
It 's nothing to do with the fundamentals of the character -- I 'm not suggesting he move out of his Malibu pad or ditch all the gadgets -- but with the way the twofilms have developed him , and where I see the films taking him in the future .
Read below for the five things I think have to change about Tony Stark and the people around him before he takes off on his next adventure .
Jeff Bridges was n't up to the task in the first film , and even the combined force of Sam Rockwell 's wit and Mickey Rourke 's crazy was n't enough to take the spotlight away from Tony Stark in the sequel .
Fact of the matter is , Robert Downey Jr.'s charm combined with Iron Man 's gadgetry makes for a lead character who 's basically untouchable , and who could demolish a whole rogue 's gallery of villains with a flick of a switch on his armor and a pithy insult .
Only making the problem worse is that Favreau is so enamored with the character that he can't help but diminishing everyone around him .
Next time try pulling a Chris Nolan and create a villain who outdoes the hero in every respect -- maybe it'll wipe that smirk off Tony Stark 's face .
Speaking of which ... Halfway throughplayboy Tony Stark became a crusading superhero , as he realized that he had the duty to use the suit as more than just his own plaything .
He rescued children in remote Afghan villages and staved off an international arms race , proving himself to be more than just the loutish son of a brilliant inventor .
But in , we find him right where he started last time , drinking too much , taking outlandish risks , and assuming the love of everyone he meets whether he deserves it or not .
Nearly three quarters of the film go by before he realizes that 's a bad thing , and still the only thing that spurs Iron Man into action in the new film is a rivalry over business contracts , not any noble cause .
At the end of two films Tony Stark is still as shallow and vain as ever , without nearly the kind of good intentions or sense of sacrifice that other superheroes at least consider .
This Tony Stark is fun and all , but unless we see the character grow even an inch of depth , he 's going to become like that guy who was fun at frat parties , but who you eventually outgrew .
The one person in Tony 's life who demands he do any growing up is the ever- reliable Pepper Potts , who is promoted to Stark Industries CEO inbut still spends much of her time making sure Tony does n't ruin everything .
Their flirtation is far more rushed and limited than it was in the first film , and when they finally reach a climactic clinch in the end , it feels more like a script demand than anything the characters really wanted .
But the other reason it feels so weird is that , well , the filmmakers seem to like Tony better when he 'slistening to Pepper .
All his best lines , his funniest moments , his flashiest gizmos come at Pepper 's disapproval , and while we do n't want him to just be sleeping with an unending line of skanks ,
Tony is the ultimate playboy for a reason : he 's good at it .
There are ways to make us root for Tony and Pepper to find true love together , but rushing into it at the end of the new movie was n't the way to do it .
Their relationship is going to require a little development and a whole lot more fun in the next installment .
In bothmovies the filmmakers have operated under the assumption that the person who hopes to defeat Iron Man will have to do so in a giant metal suit , whether it 's Obadiah Stane in his Iron Man knockoff or Rhodey stepping into the War Machine armor to get Tony off his drunken binge .
But the moment they all pull down their faceplates and get down to the action , the same problem arises : metal machines clanking against each other are n't nearly as fun to watch as actual humans doing battle .
It 's the same problem that plagues thefilms , which is why Sam Witwicky is always somewhere on the fringe when Optimus Prime throws down .
At the end of , at the same time Iron Man and War Machine are teaming up to fight robots , Scarlett Johnansson 's Black Widow , an actual human , is dispatching bad guys left and right in a hallway ; you wo n't believe that her fight is the more interesting one , but it 's true .
Favreau and Downey Jr. have worked together to make Tony Stark 's personality come out when he 's wearing the suit , but they still have n't managed to make the fight sequences feel like they matter .
This might only be a problem for the upcomingmovie , but given how hardleans on Tony 's association with the rest of the Marvel universe , I worry thatmight have even more of it .
Throughout the new film Nick Fury and his secret spy are evaluating how fit Tony Stark would be to join their elite superhero team , and at the end , he fails .
And why would n't he ?
His ego is huge , he does n't play well with others , and , as we 've mentioned , when he 's inside his super suit no one else can come near him .
As depicted in the films Tony Stark really has everything he could want -- why would he want to deal with cranky Nick Fury and all those other do - gooder superheroes ?
At the end ofit seems that 's exactly what Tony wants , though , andor -- whichever comes first , I guess -- will have to cover a lot of ground to figure out why he joins the team after all .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority , for example , has severed its ties , as have some public pension funds .
Interestingly , the American International Group had planned to drop Goldman as its main adviser , after some well - publicized deals that put them in conflict and left A.I.G. on the losing end .
But then A.I.G.’s attempt to sell its Asia business fell through recently — a deal that would have helped A.I.G. pay back some of its debt to taxpayers — and now Goldman is back on the case .
Indeed , Goldman ’s franchise has endured — no , prospered — through one of the most tumultuous periods in the bank ’s history .
Yet rarely has the view from the corner office been so at odds with the view from just about every other corner .
“ Goldman has been politicized , and it is important to look beyond the demagogy to examine the facts , ” Joseph M. Zubretsky , the chief financial officer of Aetna , the large health insurer , told me in an e-mail message .
“ Our experience with Goldman is that they conduct themselves consistent with the values we expect from a close adviser . ”
Goldman has been good to corporations like Aetna and G.E. , and vice versa .
Goldman has helped companies raise money and cut deals that keep shareholders happy .
G.E. and Goldman even share a big - name benefactor , Warren E. Buffett , who has invested billions in both companies .
So even if some clients do have misgivings , they might not want to speak ill of family .
Its critics might suggest that its clients are so close to the action that they are missing the bigger picture .
The former chief executive of Washington Mutual sent an e-mail message about Goldman , disclosed as part of the S.E.C. ’s civil fraud suit , that said , “ They are smart , but this is swimming with the sharks . ”
His colleague added , “ We always need to worry a little about Goldman because we need them more than they need us and the firm is run by traders . ”
As I write this , I see see that the monitoring ROV is back in position to watch the leaks as BP , perhaps , is about to restart pumping mud – if they really are .
9:52 pm the camera is focusing on the cracks in the riser , and it seems that they may be injecting rubber pieces one of which is now stuck in one of the cracks in the riser .
( Not very securely it seems )
Piece of " junk " (? ) in the riser crack , as BP apparently work to reduce the size of the path through the BOP .
Leak shot at 10:25 pm Central
Note that this piece has had to pass through the BOP , and it is sealing the BOP path which is more critical to success .
It could also be a piece of the rubber from the annulus seal that broke loose and got caught in the riser .
Without knowledge of what BP is trying it is hard to decide , but the flow looks to be still gas and oil without mud , and I would expect that BP would have to use mud as the carrier if they were injecting material into the flow , so this could just be a piece of seal that got caught .
If you can't tell where it is , it is in the crack to the immediate right of the center line ( without the paint ) on the riser .
( The view has changed ) : Mud is clearly visible in the change in the look of the flows out of the riser .
But at the moment it does not appear to be under the pressure of the flows on Wednesday .
( This could be because it is being pumped in at a lower pressure , or it could be that they have sealed some of the leaks in the BOP and that is cutting back the driving pressure at the riser ) .
The problem we saw on Wednesday night with mud being heavier than oil and thus settling more readily and obscuring the view , is also evident . : 12:18 AM
So it appears that BP have injected " rubber strips " into the flow , and that some of these have lodged in the BOP , reducing the flow channel , while one made it through and is trapped in one of the leaks in the bent portion of the riser .
Now what may happen is that they will slowly increase the mud flow / pressure to a ) find out how much the leak rate has been reduced and b ) to make sure that the restrictions in the flow channel are stable , and wo n't blow out .
( If they do then they will have to repeat the process ) .
Once they have a sure reduction in leakage then they will re-generate the higher pressures that overcome the pressure in the reservoir and start forcing the oil and gas back down the well , as the mud begins to fill the pipe .
The mud seems to have a slightly different texture from last time , so they could have increased the mud weight so that when the column of mud is re-established that this time it weighs a little more and overcomes the slight pressure imbalance that they were left with the first time they tried this .
Now is a good time for caution and , though the fill time may be reduced because of the smaller leak rate into the Gulf , they may still pump at relatively only slightly higher pressure that that in the reservoir , to slowly sweep down the well , getting into the necessary channels , and giving time for the oil and gas to be pressed back into the rock that it came from .
UPDATE 3 : 9:30 AM
The latest report from the Gulf
Hayward told CNN BP engineers had injected a " junk shot " of heavier blocking materials into the failed blowout preventer of the ruptured wellhead , and would also pump in more drilling " mud " - all part of the top kill procedure being attempted .
" We have some indications of partial bridging which is good news , " he said .
" I think it 's probably 48 hours before we have a conclusive view , " he added .
Chaotic images - looks like an explosion !
09:14 et 5/28/2010
It looks like A LOT of gas is coming up from the seabed around the BOP .
Considering the large water pressure and the possibly large area this gas is emanating from it ought to be a large flow .
This indicate the integrity of the well is not good ?
Admiral Allen also noted at that time that the leak had been stopped , but that they were not sure that they could sustain the halt in flow .
However at 8:10 am , Sterling925 who was watching and commenting on The Oil Drum saw some sort of event occur around the BOP .
and from SteinarNUnfortunately
I did not see any of this and have n't been able to see the BOP apart from one short shot since , though in that shot it did not appear to have any problem .
The PBS viewed ROV at the moment is working with a chain , while the ROV that was monitoring the plume is now staring out into the ocean .
The CNN shot however shows that we are back with oil and gas apparently coming out of the leaks at the top of the riser , which is no different than the conditions before they started pumping mud into the well last evening .
So the second filling of the well has apparently all been washed out , and they will try again later .
The comment from BP was that this might take another couple of days . : 10:24 AM
Well , I am not sure that the CNN feed was actually live and there are other stories catching their attention at the moment , but there is a Youtube recording of what took place ( h/t Jessica in Pensacola ) . : 11:09 AM
The feed has gone back to the riser , and we are back to the oil and gas flows that we were saw at the beginning .
Not quite the same shapes as earlier , so perhaps the block in the BOP was partially effective , but BP have now apparently filled the well twice and failed to get enough weight into the mud to hold the driving pressure from the rock .
They could try again with a higher density mud , I am presuming that the second shot had a higher weight than the first , and that while the first left a small pressure imbalance , that the second was closer , but as yet no banana .
( Though the Admiral did say that they had stabilized the flow ) .
My presumption is that they will mix up another batch and try again - though whether they will try another junk shot is not clear .
Flow at 11:09 am
The way in which you try to stop leaks is that you put the big stuff in first .
If you can get enough of that to stick , it still leaves large flow channels , and so the second shot uses smaller pieces that fit into the gaps .
Then you try smaller shots etc until you get as good a seal as you can .
Doing this to plug water flows into tunnels can take several shots to get a total seal , working with sequentially smaller sizes of particles .
Two or more decades ago I wrote an article in which I suggested that , while the collapse of our civilization would ultimately prove beneficial to the productive purposes of society , the transition would , in the short - term , not be pretty to watch .
The threat to the established order would be devastating , a challenge that would elicit the most violent and desperate efforts to defend the status quo .
Wars , increased police powers , the enhanced regulation of and restrictions on alternative social systems , would become the norm .
A society so constituted could well be symbolized as a faceless SWAT team member shoving his automatic rifle into the face of a cowering peaceful demonstrator .
By its very nature , the established order and the state enjoy a mutuality of purpose .
The state — defined as a system with a monopoly on the use of violence within a given territory — exists to maintain the interests of those desirous of resisting any fundamental change threatening to its position .
The state never defines itself this way , of course .
Even today , high - ranking government officials babble the bromide that their purpose is to protect the interests of workers , families , and — as a spokesman for BP recently expressed it — " the small people . "
Calculated Chaos : Inst ... Butler D. Shaffer , But ... Best Price : $ 6.73 Buy New $ 41.95 ( as of 05:30 EST - Details )
A bill quickly being whisked through Congress — while the mainstream media distracts our attentions with updates on the death of a girl on Aruba , or " remembering Michael Jackson " — would give to the president a " kill switch " that would allow him to shut down the Internet on his whim .
The supporters of this measure gurgle assurances that its purpose is only to protect the nation ’s " security " in the face of a " terrorist " attack .
Since 9/11 , Boobus has been conditioned to accept any and every intrusion in the name of resisting " terrorism , " not wanting to know that it is the American government that is the major promoter of terrorism in the world .
As the late George Carlin might well have expressed it , our government must fight the terrorist activities of other groups as a way of keeping its monopoly on the use of violence .
Terrorism " is our job , " I could almost hear him declare .
The Internet is a destabilizing force to established interests in the world .
It is premised on the free exchange of information which , in turn , is an expression of the liberty of individuals to act in furtherance of their particular interests .
Government schools , the mainstream media , and other institutional voices , relentlessly work to condition the minds of people to think and to act within limits that are consistent with institutional purposes .
Ideas or actions that do not challenge established interests may be welcomed ( if supportive of such ends ) or tolerated ( perhaps as entertainment ) .
But as the institutional order continues its decentralizing collapse into alternative social systems and practices , its domination of humanity continues to weaken .
The struggle confronting mankind comes down to the question of whether human beings are to be the masters of their own lives , or whether they are to remain as resources to be exploited for institutional ends .
Boundaries of Order : P... Butler D. Shaffer Best Price : $ 8.25 Buy New $ 989.90 ( as of 11:14 EST - Details )
The Internet — like the printing press before it — is not the cause of the transformations in society , but only the vehicle through which free minds can explore alternatives to the inhumane , destructive , inefficient , anti-life implications from which institutions are unable to separate themselves .
The question before us is whether life is to belong to the living , or to long - revered systems that insist upon their authority to control and destroy life for organizational interests .
Those seeking to direct the state ’s coercive machinery against the Internet do n’t even seem to have a clear grasp of how this system operates .
The legislation seeking to choke the autonomous and spontaneous life from the Internet is labeled the " Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act . "
Referring to it as a " national asset " suggests it is some sort of collective form of property , a thing — like a building or a park — in need of " protection . "
But the Internet is neither a physical object nor a place , but a process , a way of acting upon and within the world with others .
To treat it as some material " thing " is as absurd as regarding evolution as a " national asset " over which the president is to be given a " kill switch . "
It falls into the same kind of goofy thinking as was exhibited , a number of years ago , by a state legislator who wanted to make it a criminal offense for a person to " alter one ’s consciousness " ( i.e. , to learn ) .
In Restraint of Trade : ... Butler Shaffer , Butler ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
Of course , the violent powers of the state are never directed against material things themselves , but always against the people who own them .
The " war on drugs , " for instance , does not criminalize drugs , but the people who use them .
While speaking to the protection of a " national asset , " the bill is really directed at the owners of the assets through which the Internet operates .
It gives the president the power to shut down the Internet by ordering Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) to comply with his edicts .
Those who refuse to do so will be subject to criminal penalties .
But ISPs are part of the kinds of interconnected networks that are increasingly coming to reflect the horizontal systems that so threaten the structured order .
Given the creative and fruitful nature of the Internet , I suspect there will be many young people who will find effective ways to circumvent the vertical logic upon which all political authority is based .
In so doing , they may create more ways of connecting to and generating a more flexible Internet that looks quite different from the one we know today .
Perhaps an analogy can be drawn from the world of viruses and bacteria who , without any top - down structuring , and despite the hundreds of billions of dollars of deadly pharmaceutical weaponry directed at them , manage to evolve their own responses that not only allow them to survive , but to become even more vibrant .
A reading of H.G. Wells ’
The War of the Worlds may prove instructive .
The bill ’s principal author , Sen .
Joe Lieberman , revealed his preferences for political despotism in telling us that " China . . . can disconnect parts of its Internet , and we need to have that here too . "
How wonderful !
The model around which Americans are to rally as a vision is not the Declaration of Independence , but a communist state best known for its " Great Leap Forward " that led to the deaths of close to twenty million people .
I can imagine the day when the American state recreates its concentration camps — in the name of " national security , " of course — accompanied by Oberfhrer Lieberman ’s cooing reassurances that Germany once had concentration camps , but that they were only temporary measures !
Do not allow yourself to be misled as to what is at stake in all of this .
The established order is fighting to preserve its preeminence over all of humanity , and no appeals to traditional liberal sentiments or humane values , or constitutional or moral principles , will be allowed to stand in the way of this institutional imperative .
Those who pay attention to what is implicit in events are quickly discovering that , regardless of the forms under which they operate , every state system is grounded in the exercise of arbitrary force .
The enjoyment of its monopoly on the use of violence cannot exist alongside any principle that would limit its arbitrariness .
This is why police brutalities , international war crimes , and other political atrocities will continue unabated .
If state action was subject to review or reversal , its coercive monopoly would shift to such appellate agency which , in its turn , would enjoy this unrestrained power .
The navet of those who look to the United Nations , or other forms of world government , as solutions to the inherent nature of all political systems , overlooks this essential point .
A state system that is fighting for its existence must be expected to regard wars , nuclear annihilation , torture , imprisonment without trials , concentration camps , destructive taxation and economic regulations , and the present Internet " kill switch " attack on free expression , as nothing more than options available for employment in its continuing war against human beings and the entire life process .
The question , as always , comes down to how we — you and I — will respond to all of this .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Insane Deep Forest Helicopter Skills Inches from the ground , and some first - person video
We ’re down to the last five hours of Lost : Four episodes , which includes the two - hour series finale .
Tonight ’s installment , “ The Candidate , ” is an ensemble - focused one in which everyone ’s favorite guilty - but - in - this - new - dimension - she ’s - innocent fugitive from justice Kate Austen plays a major part .
Vulture spoke to Evangeline Lilly to discuss not just the future of Kate Austen but , because Lost has officially wrapped , the future of Evangeline Lilly as well .
Also , she answers a few Vulture commenter questions .
Warning : A candid Lilly reveals a possibly major spoiler about Allison Janney ’s guest role in next week ’s episode .
Congratulations on wrapping the show .
Is it weird that it ’s all over ?
Yeah , it ’s surreal .
It ’s exciting , but it ’s really strange .
I ’ve been preparing for it all year .
I think I ’ve been preparing for it for three years because we ’ve known for so long — on our show we had the bizarre luxury of knowing in advance .
I do n’t know if there ’s such a thing as ever having it feel normal .
When you ’ve been doing something for six years , then it ends … it ’s surreal , but it ’s wonderful .
Sad and wonderful , all at once .
Even though you know it ’s over , is there still a part of you that thinks , Okay , see everyone in six months for season seven ?
Not so much .
Mainly because we ’ve been preparing for it for so long , so we knew that this was coming .
I ’m just not that person who , when I know something like this is going on , or I know something ’s happening , or I know a big moment in my life is coming , I generally tend to just not let it come and go without really giving it its due .
I spent my first six months this season desperately savoring every last second of being with this crew and being in Hawaii and all of that jazz .
And then , once I had reached that point of feeling like , “ Okay , I ’ve savored , I ’ve enjoyed , ” I came to the last two months sort of just letting it go and looking forward and getting excited about what ’s next .
And that ’s been wonderful , too .
So you enjoyed your time , but you ’re ready to move on .
Yeah , I think we all are .
I obviously can’t speak for the rest of the cast , but I think that ’s the general consensus across the board — from cast to producers to crew .
People are excited to try on the next chapter of their lives .
This show is all - encompassing .
We have had very little experience outside of the show during the last six years because it ’s just so demanding ; it requires so much of us .
So , it ’s exciting to have your freedom back , essentially .
And being in Hawaii , you were kind of stuck there .
Yeah , it ’s like having to ask the teacher to go to the bathroom in class .
It ’s like , “ Okay , that ’s the most natural thing in the world , should n’t I just be able to go ? ”
And that ’s sort of how it is on our show .
There is this feeling … not a feeling , but a literal rule that , in order to leave the island , we have to have permission from our elders — from our producers .
And it would be nice to be an adult and have control of my life again and make those basic decisions on my own .
It ’s been reported that you ’re quitting acting .
Is that blown out of proportion ?
I ’m assuming that story has been circulating for a long time because I ’ve been talking about that for a long time .
And , yeah , it ’s true , I ’m definitely planning on taking a break for a little while .
I consider acting a day job — it ’s not my dream ; it ’s not my be - all , end - all .
So I ’ll continue to read scripts and I ’ll continue to keep my mind open , but it ’s not something I ’m pursuing with any kind of intent .
So acting is just another job for you ?
It ’s been definitely very different , I think every job is very different , but I think this one is particularly unique .
But , yeah , I do think of it in that way .
I think of it as a job ; that ’s what it is , it ’s a job .
It ’s a job that ’s all encompassing , unfortunately .
It ’s a job that has way too much effect on your life , which is one of the reasons why it does n’t interest me .
Because I ’m interested in having a job , I ’m not interested in having an entire lifestyle governed by what I do for a paycheck .
Kate ’s flash - sideways character does n’t seem much different from her regular - dimension self , except she claims she ’s innocent .
We ’re assuming there ’s more to this ?
You know , I was assuming the same thing .
I was sort of watching and waiting to see what would be the twist in the Kate flash - sideways story .
It never came .
It was interesting , I feel like on the island she became the standard by which mediocrity … not mediocrity [ laughs ] … normalcy could be measured .
Interestingly enough , that had not been the case for the first five or four seasons .
She became more like a stabilizing character .
You know , a stable character who was n’t off - the - wall and was n’t presenting all of these crazy theories or mythologies .
I guess , in a way , she ’s sort of like a psychological anchor .
It sounds like you miss when the show was about a plane crash .
It ’s not really about that anymore .
Oh , for sure !
It was almost frustrating at times because I ’m so not a sci - fi watcher .
The mythology to me was not nearly as interesting as the emotional story of these characters .
So sometimes I ’d get frustrated and feel like I wanted to see more of that .
I wanted to see these characters and their emotions and what they were going through .
I was also very interested in the notion of the survival aspect of our show .
And , again , that sort of became very secondary .
I miss the days when just , “ What are we going to eat ? ” was an issue .
I guess it ’s a perfect parallel to mankind : very John Locke , very old - world capitalist philosophers .
You go from the basic necessity of survival to the more complicated dynamics of culture and community .
When it became more complicated than just the basics of survival , it was frustrating for me .
I loved the simplicity .
I ’m the kind of person who , if I were living in another time , if I had to pick any time , I would probably be a pioneer .
I just love the simplicity of what it means to work hard with your hands — to eat and survive .
We see that Allison Janney ’s going to be on the show next week , in the episode about Jacob and the Man in Black .
I think that she played Mother Earth .
We ’re guessing you did n’t share any scenes with her , then .
No , but I think I met her in the trailer and she was absolutely lovely .
She was great on The West Wing .
Oh , is that what she ’s from ?
I do n’t watch TV .
When people at my house try to talk about TV I ’m like , “ Ah , I have no idea what I ’m talking about . ”
We have some questions from Vulture readers .
NYBelle wonders why you feel the writers had Kate flip - flop between Jack and Sawyer so much ?
I think the writers used it as strictly a tantalizing tool .
I really believe that was a strict manipulation of the audience to try to draw in the women , really .
The female audience that watch soap operas are die - hards , and they ’re valuable demographics .
So I think our writers are looking to make sure those people who would n’t normally be interested in the mythology would continue to turn in .
[ Laughs . ]
That ’s probably not the answer they want to hear .
Haunt Fox noticed that only Kate , Desmond , and Jack have showered on the island .
How bad do you think the other islanders smelled ?
So that ’s not really a question , right ?
[ Laughs . ]
More a joke ?
I mean , obviously we ’re not islanders .
We all smell like normal civilians who shower every day .
Though , those are the only three characters we ’ve seen bathe .
Really ?
We ’ve seen Sun bathe !
Ah , good point , yes we have .
Okay , Lolo1450 was wondering if you have any real - life nicknames , like Kate has Freckles ?
Sure .
I probably have plenty if you were to survey the different people in my life .
But I ’m not telling anyone because they ’ll start using them and it will drive me crazy .
There ’s nothing more frustrating than when fans use a nickname .
That ’s like people you do n’t know using names from people that you ’re intimate with .
Like if my mom has a nickname and a fan finds it out and starts using it , that ’s creepy .
Jerri_Blank wonders how you managed to steal your scenes in The Hurt Locker with very little screen time .
I did n’t know I had !
Well , thank you , Jerri .
That ’s very sweet .
Alexandra Martell , Exotica , and many more want to know what you put in your hair .
And they want to know brand names .
[ Laughs . ]
Well , right now I use L’Oreal products in my hair .
Hmmm , I should go look in my shower and see what they ’re called .
I ought to know what they ’re called being I ’m a spokesperson for them [ laughs ] .
I always forget .
Hang on … I ’m walking through my kitchen to the bathroom .
So it ’s called Everstrong .
Everstrong shampoo and conditioner .
CandiceMarshall is wondering if there is a scene involving Kate that you wish you could rewrite ?
Yeah , there are .
I often would have liked to rewrite some of the stuff that was passed between Kate and her beaus .
You know , her romantic leads , her men .
I have a hard time separating Kate from Evangeline .
So , unfortunately , when they write things I think , I would never say that .
Or , I would never do that .
Or , that ’s ridiculous .
Then , instinctively , I want to change it because I want to make it what feels real to me .
Which is not acting , you know ?
That is trying to play yourself out onscreen .
So it ’s kind of a ridiculous way to think , but , unfortunately , I tended to be that way .
There is this one scene that I stand by that if I could have chosen or written it , it definitely would have gone down differently : the scene where Kate watches Jack carry a meal over to Juliet at the survivors camp .
They sit down together and eat and they ’re laughing and talking , and then Kate subsequently goes to Sawyer ’s tent and ravishes him .
I feel like it was a cheapening of the character .
I feel like she was always an emotionally confused women between these two men , but she was never that manipulative sexually , I do n’t think .
I feel like that was something that if I could have rewritten it — and I tried to work with the producers on that one ; I tried to change so at least it was n’t a cut .
It could have been Kate seeing Jack then maybe a couple scenes go by , time goes by , and then you see her go to Sawyer ’s tent .
It ended up being a direct cut and that she literally went in a snit , and was in a pout , because Jack was playing with another girl and she went and seduced Sawyer .
I did n’t dig that .
I would have rewritten that .
( CNN ) -- Urban cityscapes uniting large and vastly diverse populations have long been sources of great inspiration , commerce and community spirit , but for as long as they have existed , cities have also been beset by their own dangers .
While it 's a fair to say no city , where humans interact freely , is spared the scourges of violence and criminal activity , it is also evident that some are far more affected than others .
It 's a tall order to quantify these problems and rank cities in terms of the most dangerous , particularly in countries so ravaged by conflict and chaos that day - to - day safety is only a distant dream for many inhabitants .
Such concepts of danger may also be highly subjective , with what is considered nothing more than a nuisance by one person being another 's living nightmare .
Nevertheless , studies have identified a handful of cities -- where comparable data is available -- considered more risky than others .
As part of our Urban Planet series , which also explores the most desirable , the most successful places to live as well as some of the pitfalls and positive aspects to city living , CNN looked at some of these population centers .
Cited from data collected by Mercer 's latest global report on personal safety and Foreign Policy magazine 's most recent report on murder rates , as well as reports by Forbes and security watchdog Citizen 's Council for Public Security ( CCSP ) , we have compiled a list of those considered among the most dangerous .
These surveys base their findings on factors such as internal stability and effectiveness of law enforcement , as well as official crime statistics and media reports .
Do these cities deserve their reputation ?
Comment below .
In a last minute vote , Hawaii's State House of Representatives approved a bill that will extend civil unions to both same - sex and opposite - sex couples in the Aloha State .
This is a monumental step forward for equality , and will allow gay and lesbian couples in Hawaii the chance to receive many of the same benefits that heterosexual couples receive through marriage .
Governor Linda
Lingle now has about six weeks to decide whether to sign this bill into law , or veto it .
If she vetos the bill , it will almost suredly be the end of the road for civil unions legislation .
Demand that Gov. Linda
Lingle stand up for equal rights in Hawaii , and sign this civil unions bill into law .
" As far as our position is concerned , it has not changed .
We believe that we could not extradite Mr Lugovoy since it contradicts the constitution of the Russian Federation , " he said .
" But we are prepared to make appropriate investigations and ( hold ) a trial eventually in Russia on the basis of evidence provided by the British investigators .
The commander of U.S. military forces in the Pacific said Thursday that the buildup of Chinese armed forces is continuing “ unabated ” and Beijing ’s goal appears to be power projection beyond Asia .
“ China ’s rapid and comprehensive transformation of its armed forces is affecting regional military balances and holds implications beyond the Asia - Pacific region , ” said Adm. Robert F. Willard , the Pacific Command leader .
“ Of particular concern is that elements of China ’s military modernization appear designed to challenge our freedom of action in the region . ”
The comments in testimony to the House Armed Services Committee are likely to fuel an ongoing debate inside the U.S. government among military , policy and intelligence officials over whether China ’s military buildup is limited to a future conflict with Taiwan or whether China harbors global military ambitions .
Some U.S. officials insist China ’s buildup of both conventional and nuclear forces is aimed solely at a Taiwan conflict , in which U.S. forces likely would intervene in support of the island .
Other officials have said China is seeking global hegemony through a combination of military , economic , political and intelligence power projection that seeks to diminish U.S. influence around the world .
“ The United States remains the pre-eminent power in the Asia - Pacific , though China ’s rising influence is changing regional power dynamics in ways that create both challenges and , I think , opportunities , ” Adm .
Willard said .
He also disclosed for the first time in the testimony that China is moving ahead with a new anti-ship ballistic missile capable of attacking aircraft carriers hundreds of miles from China ’s coasts .
China also will deploy its own aircraft carrier by 2012 and currently has more than 60 submarines , he said .
China is “ developing and testing a conventional anti-ship ballistic missile based on the DF - 21 / CSS - 5 medium - range ballistic missile designed specifically to target aircraft carriers , ” Adm .
Willard said in his prepared statement .
It was the first time a U.S. official had disclosed that the unique precision guided missile was being tested .
Rep . Howard McKeon , California Republican and ranking member of the committee , questioned the admiral about the new space - transiting anti-ship missile and other weapons designed to attack U.S. forces in the Western Pacific .
“ The China military capacity has been growing by and large unabated for the past 10 to 20 years , ” Adm .
Willard said .
“ The past 10 years have been pretty dramatic , and as you suggest , this has included investments in what has broadly been termed anti-access capabilities .
Area -denial capability is another way to think about it . ”
The new missile is designed to hit targets at extended ranges from the Chinese mainland , and other anti-access weapons include a large number of submarines , new integrated air - and missile - defense capabilities and cyberwarfare and anti-space weapons , Adm .
Willard said , noting “ all of which we have been monitoring very closely for some years . ”
Adm .
Willard said he is confident that U.S. forces would be able to penetrate the new Chinese forces in a conflict and noted that the Pacific Command is working to identify and address shortcomings in countering China ’s area - denial weapons .
China cut off military relations with the Pentagon in October 2008 and again earlier this year to protest U.S. arms sales to Taiwan .
Adm .
Willard recently formed a special task force to address China ’s military buildup .
Last year , he told reporters that China ’s military buildup exceeded U.S. intelligence estimates every year for more than a decade , an indirect criticism of what other defense officials have called weak intelligence reports on Beijing ’s military buildup .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Mother jailed for life for punching and kicking her 21 - month - old baby to death
Jailed : Collette Harris was sentenced to 16 years at the Old Bailey today , pictured earlier in the trial
A mother who punched and kicked her 21 - month - old son to death was jailed for life today .
Collette Harris , 30 , must serve at least 16 years behind bars for the murder of Bobby Louch .
He had more than 80 bruises and injuries on his tiny body and head , as well as a burn to his right hand , when he died four days after Christmas in 2008 .
He had fatal damage to his brain and abdomen and his injuries were so severe they would normally be seen in a car crash , the Old Bailey was told .
He had suffered ' extensive ' bleeding within the skull , bleeding in the spine , as well as severe damage to internal organs as if he had been kicked or punched to the stomach and head .
Most of the injuries were from the 48 hours leading up to his death on December 29 , 2008 .
But Bobby had been treated for a broken leg three weeks earlier and was kept in for a scan when bruises were seen on his forehead .
The toddler 's mother , Collette Harris , complained she was being ' victimised ' and said the bruises were the result of Bobby banging his head on his cot .
And tests revealed the ankle fracture was caused accidentally and no other serious injuries were detected so he was discharged .
A consultant at Darent Valley Hospital in Dartford , Kent , who had seen Bobby before , sent him home the next day after checks were made .
Harris , 30 , of Dartford , Kent , had denied killing Bobby or causing his injuries .
Tragedy : Bobby Louch who died after suffering fatal damage to his brain and abdomen .
His mother , Collette Harris , was found guilty of his murder
She screamed ' Oh my God ' and collapsed in tears as the jury found her guilty of murder .
Harris whispered ' I did not touch my son ' .
She had tried to blame her new boyfriend , James Phillips , who denied killing Bobby or causing the injuries .
Drug taker Phillips , 25 , of Erith , Kent , was found not guilty of murder and alternate charges of manslaughter and causing or allowing the death .
Sentencing Harris , The Recorder of London Peter Beaumont said : ' It was a terrible thing you did for reasons that are quite incomprehensible , the suffering that was inflicted upon him before death and the abuse of your position of trust .
' I take into account there was an intention not to kill but to cause really serious injuries . '
In a victim impact statement Bobby 's natural dad Dan Louch said : ' Bobby 's death has completely devastated my life .
' Everyday I ask why and how .
There is no explanation and I feel so useless and helpless for what happened .
I feel personally to blame .
I looked for signs but there were none .
' Collette explained away the bruises to Bobby 's head saying he headbutted his cot and I remember how he cowered and covered his head when I reproached him when he was naughty .
' Bobby died having spent the period before Christmas with me and my family .
' Christmas was a wonderful time , it was Bobby 's second Christmas and he was more aware and enjoyed opening his presents . '
In the hours before Bobby died , he had been left alone with each adult over the weekend at the family home in Bexleyheath , south - east London .
He was kicked in the stomach on Saturday with such force that it damaged vital organs .
He was sick on Sunday , vomiting and looking disorientated .
He had a burn mark on his right hand which could have been made by it being placed on an oven door .
But Harris refused to take him to hospital .
She told a friend she would be suspected of abusing him , the court heard .
In the early hours of Monday morning , a neighbour said he heard ' a baby whimpering ' and murmuring ' mummy ' .
Later , Harris rang for an ambulance , saying : " My baby wo n't wake up . "
Richard Whittam , QC , prosecuting , told the court : ' At the time of his death , Bobby Louch was covered in bruises .
' There is compelling evidence that the multiple injuries were the result of deliberate and repeated violence . '
Bobby 's face had been covered in bruises of differing colours and which were less than 48 hours old .
There were 39 mostly finger - tip sized marks on the face and body which could have been made by ' forceful prodding ' , the court heard .
A bruise to the right ear could have come from pinching or an attempt to pick him up by the ear , said Mr Whittam .
Bobby also had a contact burn to his right hand and his right leg was in plaster because of a fracture 20 days earlier .
The jury was told Harris ended her relationship with Dan Louch , Bobby 's father , in October 2008 and took up with Phillips .
' It was clear to her friends that Collette Harris was ' besotted ' by James Phillips , ' said Mr Whittam .
Harris remained ' extremely enamoured with him ' but friends noticed a change in her behaviour .
Bobby spent the period before and after Christmas with his father who did not notice any significant bruising .
But two days after returning home , a friend of Phillips noticed he seemed ' woozy ' and that he was vomiting .
Harris showed him a bruise on Bobby , said Mr Whittam .
Later , he asked why Harris did not take him to hospital and she allegedly replied :
' How can I take him to the hospital with bruises like that on his body .
They will think I am beating him up or something .'
The toddler died the next day .
Harris , from Dartford in Kent , maintained her innocence as she was led to the cells .
UPDATE : Taylor Energy claims the leak is less than 9 gallons a day .
Earlier we published speculation from satellite analytics group SkyTruth that there may be a second leak in the Gulf .
A freelance pilot and photographer confirmed these rumors and a possible coverup .
Photographer J Henry Fair says the new photos show an oil plume originating from the Ocean Saratoga rig , which is operated by Diamond Offshore .
A work ship in the foreground appeared to be applying dispersants to the oil .
A larger rig in the background may be discharging another leak .
This leak was reported last night by Alabama local news .
NOAA also mentioned this leak in a April 30 oil slick map [ PDF ] .
Diamond Offshore spokesman Gary Krenek tells us his company was hired by Taylor Energy to " plug and abandon " the existing well .
He declined to comment on the reported leak .
The rig was damaged by Hurricane Ivan in 2004 , according to Times Picayune .
However , Diamond Offshore tells us , however , it was not hired to close the well until 2009 .
So how long and how much oil has leaked ?
A NOAA spokeswoman said " scientists are looking into the leak . "
Meanwhile , Coast Guard rep Zachary Zubricki tells us " this is not a story . "
The Caracol survey was the first application of the advanced laser technology on such a large archaeological site .
Several journal articles describe the use of lidar in the vicinity of Stonehenge in England and elsewhere at an Iron Age fort and American plantation sites .
Only last year , Sarah H. Parcak of the University of Alabama at Birmingham predicted , “ Lidar imagery will have much to offer the archaeology of the rain forest regions . ”
Image Credit ...
The New York Times
The Chases said they had been unaware of Dr. Parcak ’s assessment , in her book “ Satellite Remote Sensing for Archaeology ” ( Routledge , 2009 ) , when they embarked on the Caracol survey .
They acted on the recommendation of a Central Florida colleague , John F. Weishampel , a biologist who had for years used airborne laser sensors to study forests and other vegetation .
Dr. Weishampel arranged for the primary financing of the project from the little - known space archaeology program of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
The flights were conducted by the National Science Foundation ’s National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping , operated by the University of Florida and the University of California , Berkeley .
Other archaeologists , who were not involved in the research but were familiar with the results , said the technology should be a boon to explorations , especially ones in the tropics , with its heavily overgrown vegetation , including pre-Columbian sites throughout Mexico and Central America .
But they emphasized that it would not obviate the need to follow up with traditional mapping to establish “ ground truth . ”
Jeremy A. Sabloff , a former director of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and now president of the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico , said he wished he had had lidar when he was working in the Maya ruins at Sayil , in Mexico .
The new laser technology , Dr. Sabloff said , “ would definitely have speeded up our mapping , given us more details and would have enabled us to refine our research questions and hypotheses much earlier in our field program than was possible in the 1980s . ”
At first , Payson D. Sheets , a University of Colorado archaeologist , was not impressed with lidar .
A NASA aircraft tested the laser system over his research area in Costa Rica , he said , “ but when I saw it recorded the water in a lake sloping at 14 degrees , I did not use it again . ”
Question ???
If the next update is being released via steam is it still going to be released via your own updater as well .
If not then how are we going to get the update if we have not registered the game with steam ?
I was under the impression from something I picked up on a while back where I am sure someone said that if you registered your key with steam then UWE would have to pay a fee to them for DLC costs ?
I wanted to avoid that so every peeny stays in development ... How else will steam know if the game is installed if you havent activated it with them ?
RubyInstaller has an RC2 version of Ruby 1.8.7-p249 .
Base installation is a snap .
Click download , run , next , click accept , next , click “ Add Ruby executables to your PATH ” , install , finish .
This currently comes with RubyGems 1.3.5 .
RubyGems 1.3.6 is out and contains a fix that makes it easier to install the Rails beta , so :
gem update -- system
This will cause warnings later , which can be avoided by doing the following :
gem uninstall rubygems - update
Next , to install sqlite3 , download and unzip both precompiled binaries for Windows for the command - line and DLL without the TCL bindings , exploded the zip files , and copy the results to you C:\ruby \bin directory .
The result should look something like this :
Directory of C: \Ruby\bin
01/05/2010 06:30 PM
3,744 sqlite3.def
01/05/2010 06:30 PM
511,383 sqlite3.dll
01/05/2010 06:31 PM
530,762 sqlite3.exe 3 File(s ) 1,045,889 bytes
Next install the ruby bindings to sqlite3 :
gem install sqlite3 - ruby
Finally , install the rails beta :
gem install rails -- pre
The rails command provided with the first beta does n’t work with Windows .
You can try Torsten Maul ’s fix , but I opted to fix the C:\ruby \bin\rails .
bat file instead :
@ECHO OFF IF NOT " %~f0 " == " ~f0 " GOTO : WinNT @ " ruby.exe " " script / rails " % 1 %2 %3 %4 %5 %6 %7 %8 %9 GOTO :EOF : WinNT @ " ruby.exe " " script/rails " %*
Once this was complete , the initial test results look pretty good .
The only error reported in this test has to do with the automation of the execution of irb from my script , and not a failure with Ruby or Rails itself .
STEVE KROFT : So what ’s with the beard ?
CONAN O’BRIEN :
That first day that I woke up and was no longer the host of The Tonight Show , I remember the first thought I had is I am not shaving .
And– that was my small victory , you know .
OK so I lost the Tonight Show but I ’ll show them , I ’ll stop shaving .
STEVE KROFT : This has been– quite a year .
CONAN O’BRIEN : Yeah .
That ’s it .
We ’re done .
This was a lot of fun this year has been is still incomprehensible to me .
The amount of stuff that ’s happened in my life in the last year is – it ’s going to take me a long time to process it .
KROFT VO : AFTER LEAVING THE TONIGHT SHOW IN JANUARY AND HANGING OUT AT HIS HOME TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT HE WAS GOING TO DO WITH THE REST OF HIS LIFE , HE DECIDED THE BEST THERAPY WOULD BE TO GET OUT OF THE HOUSE AND BACK TO WORK .
HE ASSEMBLED A LOT OF HIS OLD STAFF , OPENED A TWITTER ACCOUNT , [ Conan : THAT ’S THE TWEET !!]
AND BEGAN PLANNING A NATIONWIDE COMEDY TOUR , SOMETHING that HE HAD NEVER DONE BEFORE , AND ONE OF THE FEW THINGS HE WAS ALLOWED TO DO CONTRACTUALLY .
WE MET UP WITH HIM IN SEATTLE .
KROFT : You must have been miserable for the last couple of months ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : I went through some stuff .
And I got very depressed at times .
It was like a marriage breaking up suddenly , violently , quickly .
And I was just trying to figure out what happened .
When we started putting this tour together , I started to feel better almost immediately .
And then this there is this , there is almost no better antidote to what I ” ve just been through than to do this every night .
CONAN ON STAGE : Doing this tour though , this is a huge milestone for me .
This is the first time anyone has paid to see me … oh they ’ve paid to make me go away [ laughs ] …
CONAN PARODY
“ On the Road Again … ”
KROFT VO : THE “ LEGALLY PROHIBITED FROM BEING FUNNY ON TELEVISION TOUR ” HAS BOOSTED HIS CONFIDENCE , KEPT HIM RELEVANT AND PROVIDED AN OUTLET FOR HIM TO EXPLORE HIS ANGER , DISAPPOINTMENT , AND ANXIETY WITH MOSTLY SELF - DEPRECATING HUMOR .
( MUSIC : ON THE ROAD PARODY )
CONAN PARODIES “ ON THE ROAD AGAIN ” : “ My own show again !!
I just ca n’t wait to have my own show again .
I ’d even take a primetime show that ’s on at 10 anything to have my own show again .
KROFT VO : AFTER 40 PERFORMANCES IN 32 CITIES IN THE US AND CANADA , THE TOUR WILL WIND UP NEXT MONTH AT RADIO CITY MUSIC HALL IN NEW YORK , RIGHT NEXT DOOR TO NBC’S CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS WHERE THIS WHOLE LATE NIGHT FIASCO WAS COOKED UP .
( Leno ’s last Tonight Show ) JAY : I just want to say : I could n’t be happier – you were the only choice – you were the perfect choice – you have been an absolute gentleman in private and in the press …
[ Audience yells : “ CONAN ROCKS ! ” ]
JAY : I agree , Conan rocks .
Good luck , next week , my friend [ SHAKE HANDS ]
CONAN : Jay , thank you for everything …
[ BOTH STAND ]
KROFT VO : LESS THAN ONE YEAR AFTER JAY LENO HANDED THE TONIGHT SHOW OFF TO CONAN O’BRIEN … NBC DECIDED TO CANCEL LENO’S DISASTROUS PRIME SHOW AND MOVE HIM BACK INTO HIS OLD TIME PERIOD AT 11:35 EASTERN … CONAN’S TONIGHT SHOW , WHICH WAS LOSING BADLY IN THE RATINGS TO DAVID LETTERMAN , WAS TO BE BUMPED BACK TO 12:05 THE NEXT MORNING .
STEVE KROFT : Was [ it ] in the back of your mind that , look , if I do n’t do that well , they can just pop Leno back in .
CONAN O’BRIEN : I ’m a paranoid person .
And I think– I ’m the kind of person that can come up with lots of negative scenarios .
but I remembered thinking that seemed like– that was a stretch even for me .
KROFT VO : WHAT FOLLOWED WERE SOME UNPLEASANT DISCUSSIONS WITH NBC’S WEST COAST BRASS .
CONAN O’BRIEN :
It just felt like the tone went very quickly from , “ Take your time , we understand this is a tough decision , ” to– ( SNAPS HIS FINGERS ) you know , “ Let ’s go . ” and that probably helped me a little bit feel like , “ You know what ?
This environment does n’t feel right and I ’ve been with these people a long time .
And I do n’t like – I really do n’t like the way this is going .
And when it started to get toxic and I started to feel that I ’m not sure these– people even really want me here .
Let ’s just– let ’s just – I ca n’t do it .
STEVE KROFT : Do you think they wanted you to leave ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : Uh , yeah , that ’s crossed my mind .
Again , I do n’t know how thought out this whole thing was .
But if they wanted me to leave , [ thumb ’s up ! ] it worked .
LIZA O’BRIEN : This was just really , really hard for him .
It – it was watching someone ’s heart get broken .
KROFT VO : LIZA O’BRIEN , CONAN’S WIFE , WAS ONE OF HIS MAIN CONFIDANTS AND CLOSEST ADVISORS DURING THE DEBACLE .
STEVE KROFT : Did you approve of everything that he did ?
LIZA O’BRIEN : A hundred percent , yeah .
STEVE KROFT : You thought he should ’ve left ?
LIZA O’BRIEN : Absolutely .
STEVE KROFT : What do you think of the way he was treated by NBC ?
LIZA O’BRIEN : From my perspective , it felt like they never really gave him the job .
That they said , “ We ’re going to give you this job in five years , ” and they kept him with the company , and they– they– you know , he said , “ I wo n’t go anywhere else , and I ’ll keep working for you , and I ’m in it for the long haul . ”
And it felt like they– they lost their nerve to really make a change , and – and that – that was too bad .
It was a shame , ’ cause it – it would ’ve been great to see what he could ’ve done if he had had their full support , and had some more time .
STEVE KROFT : You ’ve got this non-disparagement agreement .
CONAN O’BRIEN : Do you have a copy : ’ cause I have n’t read it in awhile .
I keep one in –
STEVE KROFT : I have a copy somewhere in my bag .
CONAN O’BRIEN : - I keep one in my wallet .
( LAUGHS )
STEVE KROFT : Re– you do ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : Anytime people come up to me , “ Hey , so what ’s the deal with– with Jay Leno ? ”
Hold on a second .
( LAUGHTER )
He ’s a fine and good man .
There we go , put that away .
STEVE KROFT : Can I assume that this interview would take a different tenor if that agreement did not exist ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : No , it – I do n’t think it would .
The biggest thing people come up and say to me in gas stations and restaurants , I have so many people say this to me “ Hey partner , you got screwed . ”
I don’t– and I always tell them , “ No , I did n’t .
I did n’t get screwed .
I ’m– I ’m fine .
It just – it did n’t work out . ”
STEVE KROFT : Well , you did get screwed .
CONAN : You think I got screwed ?
STEVE KROFT : Well , I think most people think you got screwed .
I mean , Jay Leno thinks you got screwed .
Jay Leno thinks he got screwed .
CONAN O’BRIEN : How did he get screwed again ?
( LAUGHTER ) Explain that part to me .
I ’m sorry .
Jay ’s got The Tonight Show .
I have a beard and an inflatable bat .
And I ’m touring city to city .
Who can ( LAUGHTER ) say who won and who lost ?
I ’m laughing ’ cause crying would be sad .
STEVE KROFT : Has Jay reached out to you ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : No .
STEVE KROFT : No calls ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : No I do not think I will be hearing from him We should get him in here .
Is he —
STEVE KROFT : We should .
CONAN O’BRIEN : Is he going to– is he going to be a surprise walk - on ?
STEVE KROFT : No , no , no .
CONAN O’BRIEN : Okay .
STEVE KROFT :
But he call– if we– if you know his number , we can– I ’m sure he ’d come over .
CONAN O’BRIEN : He may have Caller ID .
He wo n’t pick up .
STEVE KROFT : I think he– Leno would say — “ Look , I was riding high .
I was number one and I was still number one when I left and Conan made this deal with NBC and NBC said , ‘ Okay , Jay , we ’re going to take you off the air in five years regardless of whether you ’re number one or number two or what . ’ ”
I think he felt like he was forced out by NBC at a time when he was– a strong number one and was pushed out the door .
That ’s his argument .
CONAN O’BRIEN :
It ’s hard for me to get inside his head and argue his side of this whole thing .
I– I– here ’s what I can say .
I ’m happy with my decision .
I sleep well at night .
And– I , you know – hope he ’s happy with his decision .
STEVE KROFT : Do you think that Jay lobbied for this ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : I do n’t know .
But– what I know is what happened which is that he– went and took that show back .
STEVE KROFT : Do you believe he acted honorably during all of this ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : [ EXHALES ]
I do n’t think I can answer that .
I do n’t think– I can just tell you maybe how I would have handled it .
And I would do it differently .
STEVE KROFT : You would n’t have come back on The Tonight Show .
CONAN O’BRIEN : If I had surrendered The Tonight Show and handed it over to somebody publicly and wished them well – and then– I don ’t– would not have come back six months later .
But that ’s me , you know .
Everyone ’s got their own , you know , way of doing things .
STEVE KROFT : What would you have done ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : Done something else , go someplace else .
I mean , that ’s just me .
KROFT VO : HE IS EQUALLY DISSAPOINTED WITH NBC , THE COMPANY WHERE HE WORKED MOST OF HIS ADULT LIFE , AND WITH NBC UNIVERSAL CHIEF JEFF ZUCKER WHO HE HAS KNOWN SINCE THEY WERE CLASSMATES AT HARVARD .
STEVE KROFT : Has Zucker called you ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : No .
STEVE KROFT :
You have n’t talked to Zucker since this offer was made to you ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : That ’s right .
You know at some point I ’m sure I ’m going to bump into these people .
And , you know , I ’m not sure we ’re going to be– have our arms around each other and drinking beer and singing old Irish fight songs .
‘ Cause I do n’t think they know any .
But– ( LAUGHTER ) but – you know , I– I wish– this is going to sound crazy .
I do wish these people well .
STEVE KROFT : Jeff Zucker was quoted as saying , “ At the end of the day , the viewers voted . ”
And they did n’t like Conan as the host of The Tonight Show .
CONAN O’BRIEN : Can I take back what I just said ?
STEVE KROFT : You take issue with that .
CONAN O’BRIEN :
In my opinion , I do n’t think that ’s fair or accurate .
But he ’s entitled to his opinion .
I think for anyone to say that the results were in after six months – that does n’t ring true to me .
STEVE KROFT :
They said that the– for the first time in history , The Tonight Show was losing money .
CONAN O’BRIEN : I do n’t see how that ’s , I honestly do n’t see how that ’s possible .
It ’s really not possible .
It is n’t possible .
STEVE KROFT : Did you expect NBC to give you more of a chance ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : Absolutely .
( LAUGHTER )
I– yes .
STEVE KROFT : Do you feel like it was a failure ?
CONAN O’BRIEN : My Tonight Show ?
No. Absolutely not .
KROFT VO : CONAN DOES AGREE WITH NBC’S COMMENTS THAT IT WAS A BUSINESS DECISION MOTIVATED BY MONEY AND HE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT LENO HAD THE MORE EXPENSIVE CONTRACT AND WOULD HAVE BEEN EVEN HARDER TO LET GO .
STEVE KROFT : Some people have reported that NBC would have had to pay him 150 million dollars .
CONAN : Uh huh , yeah .
So if you look at it that way and you ’re working at say I do n’t know General Electric and you tell them , “ Uh you know there ’s this to make that guy go away or there ’s this , uh that decision ’s probably pretty clear .
And uh I think in my gut I honestly believe everybody knows , that ’s what happened they did what they had to do and OK I get it .
And the only thing I take exception to is subsequently people saying well you know Conan was losing money and you know actually he was murdering cats …
What , you know , whatever
KROFT VO : LAST MONTH , CONAN FINALLY PULLED THE TRIGGER ON HIS FUTURE , RAISING SOME EYEBROWS BY SIGNING ON TO DO AN ELEVEN O’CLOCK SHOW FOR THE CABLE CHANNEL TBS AND NOT WITH A BROADCAST NETWORK .
CONAN O’BRIEN : I do not look down my nose at cable .
And I think anyone who does is n’t paying attention to television these days .
‘ Cause it is – this world is changing very quickly .
STEVE KROFT :
You have $ 30 million that you did n’t have before .
You ’ve got– a very lucrative new– gig on TBS , which has– an audience that -
CONAN O’BRIEN : Very young audience .
STEVE KROFT : Custom - made for you .
CONAN O’BRIEN : Uh - huh ( AFFIRM ) .
STEVE KROFT :
It was n’t all bad .
CONAN O’BRIEN : That ’s the point I keep making .
It ’s crucial to me that anyone seeing this take– they take anything away from this it ’s I ’m fine .
I ’m doing great .
I hope people still find me – comedically absurd and ridiculous .
And– I– and I do n’t regret anything .
I do believe , and this might be my Catholic upbringing or Irish magical thinking , but I think things happen for a reason .
I really do .
STEVE KROFT : I thought the Lutherans believed that .
CONAN O’BRIEN : Oh , my God .
It is Lutherans .
( LAUGHTER )
Okay .
I believe that if I experience any joy in life , I ’ll go to hell .
That ’s what I believe .
And — but you get my point .
CONAN PARODIES “ I WILL SURVIVE ” : “ They threw me out … it happened fast , they said please do n’t let the door hit your freckled , Irish ass …
I hung around the house eating frosting from a jar , I got really into Gossip Girl and sleeping in my car … yes , I ’ll survive … yes , I ’ll survive … yeah , they kind of tried to kill me , but I made it out alive .
I ’ve got all my life to live …
I have so many shows to give !
Yeah I ’ll survive … I will survive … I will survive !!!
######
Fire boat response crews battle the blazing remnants of the off shore oil rig , Deepwater Horizon on April 21 , 2010 .
The rig , located 51 miles southeast of Venice , Louisiana , exploded on April 20 , 2010 .
As the Deepwater Horizon leak continues to dump oil into the Gulf of Mexico , American opinions about offshore oil drilling have begun to shift .
More than half now believe the risks of offshore drilling outweigh the benefits , according to a nationwide survey by Virginia Commonwealth University released today .
Views about offshore drilling are likely influenced by the major oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico , according to the survey .
The leak has been ongoing since an April 20 explosion aboard a drilling rig .
The leak raises the specter of environmental risks from offshore drilling when the process goes awry .
When asked specifically about the risk and benefit tradeoffs of offshore drilling , a 51 - percent majority indicate the environmental risks outweigh the benefits ; 35 percent think the benefits outweigh the environmental risks .
However , opinion among the general population about increasing offshore oil drilling is currently divided with 45 percent in support of increasing offshore drilling and 44 percent opposed .
The survey also covered a range of other science - and environment - related beliefs .
When asked to evaluate a series of environmental and energy issues as potential problems for the country , the most widespread concern was pollution .
Eight in 10 adults said pollution of the country 's rivers , lakes and reservoirs is a major problem , 16 percent said it is a minor problem , and just 3 percent believe this is not a problem .
Air pollution is seen as a major problem by 74 percent of adults .
Seventy - three percent said overreliance on energy from oil and gas is a major problem .
Global warming , by comparison , is one of the least likely issues to be seen as a major problem ; 54 percent said it is a major problem , 23 percent consider it a minor problem , and 19 percent said it is not a problem .
Views about global warming are divided along partisan lines .
Seven in 10 Democrats said global warming is a major problem .
This compares with 27 percent of Republicans saiding the same .
A majority ( 53 percent ) of independents think global warming is a major problem .
The survey was conducted by landline and cell phone with 1,001 adults nationwide from May 12 - 18 .
The margin of error for the poll is plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .
The Linux Audio Conference is an international conference about Open Source Software for music , sound and other media with Linux as the main platform .
LAC 2010 is over ...
The Linux Audio Conference 2010 is over and all material ( paper PDFs , slides , photos and more ) has been made publically available .
Enjoy reading / listening / watching .
News in the aftermath
Pictures & Blogs
Checked the water parameters tonight for the cube .
All is well .
Ammonia and Nitrites are zero .
Nitrates are 5 ppm , pH is 7.8 .
It seems that the nitrogen cycle is complete .
There are some signs of life on my rock .
I ’ve seen some polyp , some squirt colonies and sone fan worms , as well as some macro algae .
Will wait for a while , adding clean - up crew after the algae / diatom bloom .
I ’m looking forward to watching life emerge from my rocks .
After several weeks , I will add some hardy mushrooms and Zoanthids .
I have the nano - tuners 3.24 lighting upgrade installed , and I ’m very happy with it .
It was a doable install .
More light with this kit , but my temperature in my tank has been cooler than before because this kit comes with upgraded fans .
That ’s it for now
In March , co-vocabularists were invited to revel in the delights of Yiddish and pose questions to Michael Wex – author of the bestselling “ Born to Kvetch , ” and , most recently , “ How to Be a Mentsh and Not a Shmuck . ”
This is part two of Michael ’s answers ; part one was posted yesterday .
Q .
Are members of the Jewish community flattered , pleased , annoyed , or offended by outsiders ’ failed attempts at using Yiddish words ?
I first heard my first few Yiddish words in my mid-twenties but did n’t have the confidence to use any until at least a decade later .
— Carol Shelton
A .
Unless the failures just keep on coming like hits on A.M. radio , members of the Jewish community are as likely to be amused as annoyed at failed attempts to use basic Yiddish words correctly .
One or two co-vocabularists alluded to the scene in Woody Allen ’s “ Sleeper ” in which the protagonist is told to “ stop whining and eat your shikse ; ” real - life malapropisms tend to generate similar pleasure , especially when they ’re repeated in the outsider ’s absence .
My favorite recent example of complete failure to use a Yiddish word correctly comes from a report on the unrest in Tibet a couple of years ago .
A London , Ontario - based eyewitness interviewed in The Globe and Mail declared , for no reason that I ’ve been able to fathom , “ I was schmuck in the middle of it ” ( Globe and Mail , March 21/08 ) .
One wonders just where she happened to be and , with Woody Allen in mind , shudders to think what she might have been eating .
Q .
Way back in college there was a woman in my dormitory who spoke Yiddish ( some ? lots ? ) , and I asked her to teach me some words .
She taught me a few , but then declined to continue , saying that she felt that it was disrespectful to her language / culture .
I have always wondered whether this was about issues she had ( or if I was giving off bad vibes somehow , for example by taking it too lightly ) , or if there is a broader feeling within all / some / a small part of the Yiddish speaking world against teaching the language to outsiders and / or its pidgin use by outsiders being a bad thing .
Any input on this ?
— Dan
A .
Your dorm - mate ’s problems must have had something to do with the words she was teaching you or the uses to which she feared you might put them – or maybe she just ran out of body parts .
There ’s certainly no taboo or prohibition about teaching Yiddish to outsiders ; as the clip of James Cagney in “ Taxi ” proves beyond any shadow of a doubt , there were once plenty of non-Jews with a healthy command of the language .
Gentile domestics in middle - class Jewish homes in pre-War Europe often spoke Yiddish as well as any Jew and , as a fringe benefit of working in kosher kitchens , frequently had a better knowledge of the practical , day - to - day rules concerning meat and dairy , kosher and non-kosher , than many Jewish housewives .
As the proverb has it :
Di shikse baym rov ken oykh paskenen a shayle , “ The rabbi ’s non-Jewish domestic [ which is what shikse means in this context ] can also provide an authoritative ruling on the kinds of kitchen - questions for which rabbinic advice is usually sought . ”
Such a proverb implies a fluency that was broadly cultural as well as narrowly linguistic .
As to pidgin Yiddish : it ’s often felt to be a bit insulting when both parties to the conversation speak fluent English .
Q .
I assure you , this member of the Yiddish community is made very tired by outsiders ’ failed attempts at using Yiddish words .
Not that it ’s only goyim ; I ’ve heard more than my fair share of English speaking Jews contort both Yiddish meaning and English syntax in an attempt to shoehorn as many half - understood Yiddishisms as they can into a single embarrassing sentence .
If there ’s anything I ’d like our correspondents to speak on , it ’s the ‘ ludic ’ treatment Yiddish is given by nearly everyone , where it ’s not so much a full language as much as a stereotype rendered in speech .
Symptomatic of that is the haphazard , catch - as - catch - can approach taken to spelling , where even in the most august publications Yiddish words are rendered in a bizarre mishmash of recalled childhood pronunciations , or Germanisms , or worse , often violating their own ad - hoc standards even within the context of a single sentence – totally ignoring the way Yiddish is spelled in any Hebrew - alphabet orthography , not to mention the pretty well - established YIVO standards for Romanization .
— Z , D , Smith
A .
The “ ludic ” treatment mentioned in this post has bedeviled Yiddish for so long now that I ’ve become loath to say oy even when it ’s the right thing to say .
I think the real problem rests on the fact that Yiddish , a language without a country , has never been subject to the kind of authority that can successfully impose linguistic standards and make them stick .
I was in Germany at the time of the controversial spelling reforms of the 1990’s .
Opponents of these changes were free to complain , but their dissatisfaction was no match for their lack of choice in the matter .
Similarly , when the Chinese government decided that Peking was henceforth to be known as Beijing in the English - speaking world , English - speakers nodded and said “ Beijing . ”
Yet when I tried to explain to a Yiddish ham - actor that the word he needed to say was rishes , which means “ malice , wickedness , ” not rishus , which means “ permission , ” he told me to get lost : since he ’d never heard the former , it simply did n’t exist .
And this despite the fact that I had written the script .
Such an attitude to a language in which one is demonstrably not fluent suggests that it ’s being used in what Yiddish scholar Jeffrey Shandler has called “ post - vernacular ” fashion .
It ’s the fact of the words , their presence rather than their meanings , that lends them significance .
Yiddish becomes an ideational tchatchke rather than a verbal system , and you ca n’t really expect anybody to worry about the minutiae of tchatchke reproduction .
That said , there ’s still a place for the kind of humor provided by Milt Gross or Leo Rosten ’s Hyman Kaplan .
And let ’s not forget that Yiddish spelling in Yiddish still varies considerably from community to community and that even people who speak nothing but Yiddish have as “ haphazard , catch - as - catch - can ” an approach to Yiddish spelling as those who know only a few stock phrases .
The hasidic papers in Brooklyn not only ignore all the Yiddish spelling reforms of the past eight or nine decades , they sometimes spell the same word differently from one page to the next .
And that ’s always been the problem with Yiddish ; it ca n’t take itself any more seriously than it takes anything else .
Q .
All I wanna know is does it have case endings ?
I tried German–forget it .
— LogicGuru
A .
Not as many as German , but if you were hoping to avoid them , you ’re out of luck .
Q .
Could the experts offer some examples of differences between ( high ) Yiddish and Poylish ?
Is it a question more of spelling , pronunciation , and / or actual vocabulary ?
For example , in Polish there are two different words for “ potato ” : “ kartofle ” and “ ziemniak . ”
I ’d assumed that the former had come from the German “ Kartoffel ” ; however , is n’t “ potato ” in Russian a variant of “ Kartoffel ” ?
So , although Polish is very likely to have picked up a German word because of its subjugation under the Prussian empire , why would Russian have picked up a Germanic word ?
Or am I barking up the wrong tree ?
( I do n’t know enough Yiddish to come up with the appropriate idiom for the dog metaphor . ) — C. Ostrowski
I realize that my first post ( #376 ) was unclear and a bit disjointed ; I was rushing to write it before going to a bat mitzvah .
Anyway , the first thing I attempted to ask was the relationship between what might be considered mainstream Yiddish and what I ’ve heard of as “ Poylish ” – a Polish dialect of Yiddish .
I was wondering about differences in spelling , pronunciation , and / or actual vocabulary ?
If anyone can give one or two examples of words in mainstream Yiddish and Poylish , I ’d be grateful .
The next question really concerned intermingling of various languages .
Take my question about the word “ potato , ” which is German is “ Kartoffel , ” in Polish is either “ kartofle ” or “ ziemniak , ” and in Russian seems to be something related to Kartoffel / kartofle .
I just found this at Language Hat :
“ He also notes that Yiddish terms for the halakhically appropriate vegetable species for a Passover seder have been documented since at least the 12th century , and that ‘ potato ’ is regionally known as búlbe , búlve , bílve , kartófl ( ye ) , kartóplye (! ) , érdepl , ekhpl , ríblekh , barbúlyes , zhémikes , mandebérkes , bánderkes , krumpírn , etc . ”
Does anyone know to what extent Yiddish influenced other languages vs experiencing modifications in the context of other cultures ?
I hope my mind was clearer this time .
Thanks .
— C. Ostrowski
A .
I hate to have to tell you this , co-vocabularist Ostrowski , but your question is n’t really a question .
It ’s like asking about the difference between American and “ mainstream English . ”
Although the YIVO institute , which was founded in Vilna and can be found today on 16th Street , developed a standard language decades ago , this standard was intended to regularize written grammar and spelling and to provide an agreed - upon system of phonology – pronunciation , that is – for use in schools , media and other public fora , in order to keep people from storming out of Yiddish - language lectures on quantum physics because the lecture was being given by a Litvak who said kugel instead of kigel .
Such a standard was never meant to replace the various dialects in day - to - day use , merely to provide a certain consistency in spelling and a broadly consensual standard for public speech .
Think of the spoken version as Broadcast Yiddish .
“ Poylish , ” technically known as Central ( Eastern ) Yiddish , is that dialect of Yiddish spoken in the area once known as Congress Poland and that includes such cities as Warsaw , Lodz and Lublin .
By 1939 , it had the largest Yiddish - speaking population in the world and was , for all intents and purposes , home to the language ’s most widely - spoken form .
While the YIVO standard language took much of its phonology from the Litvishe ( Lithuanian ) dialects , its grammar cleaves much more closely to Poylish : Litvish has only masculine and feminine nouns , while Poylish preserves the neuter ; Litvish has no accusative case for personal pronouns ; Poylish does .
This is a very involved topic ; my main point is that Standard Yiddish – spoken by virtually no one on any street – was an amalgam of features taken from all major dialects of the language .
It existed alongside the regional dialects , not in opposition to them .
I.B. Singer was a Poylish speaker ; the recently deceased Avrum Sutzkever was a Litvak .
Their works reflect some dialectal difference but are no farther apart linguistically than Faulkner or Flannery O’Connor are from Thomas Hardy or Patrick White .
As to regional variations in the names for various vegetables , the same rules apply to Yiddish as to any other language .
Yiddish is what ’s called a fusion language and tends to pick up words from co-territorial languages or dialects : the standard North American Yiddish word for a chicken that has been butchered is – chicken .
We need to know where , when and how a word was used in order to pass judgment about how or why it might have entered the language .
I grew up speaking Polish Yiddish in Canada ; generally I called a potato a kartofel ; on occasion I ’d use bulbe , a word that I rarely heard at home ( I ca n’t say never because it figures in a famous folksong ) but that did n’t sound particularly outré to me , either .
If either of my parents used the word ziemniak – which I would never have done – I ’d have known instantly that there was something wrong with the potato itself ; that someone had served it in place of a proper main course ; or that the potato had been purchased from a Polish - speaking grocer .
Ziemniak was of limited utility , however .
While the Hungarian Jews down the street would have understood kartofel or bulbe , ziemniak would have been as foreign to them as krumpli or burgonya would have been to us .
Q .
I am a second generation Jew .
My parents were born here in the States .
My grandparents were born in “ the old country , ” i.e. Czarist Russia .
Unlike today ’s immigrants , where it is important to pass down their native languages , my grandparents had refused to teach my parents Yiddish .
This was because they wanted my parents to be completely American , maybe due to all of the suffering they went through in Russia with the pogroms and such , or maybe because that was the prevailing immigrants attitude at the time .
As such , I ’ve always had a resistance to learning Yiddish , feeling that as a Jew , the more important language to learn ( and where my energies should be focused on ) is Hebrew .
To me , that is the language of the future for the Jews , and the national language of Israel , the Jewish state .
I always felt that if I were meant to learn Yiddish , I would have learned it at birth .
Yiddish still has its place , but in that of the past , good for studying Eastern - European Jewish culture before the Holocaust .
There is a revival of wanting to learn Yiddish going on in this country , and my parents have been studying it intensively .
All power to them , but I do not share their same enthusiasm .
I do n’t mind reading Shalom Aleichem or I.L. Peretz in English or Hebrew .
I suppose my question is :
Am I the only one who feels this way ?
— Former Unemployed
A .
Former Unemployed , if you ’re only interested in speaking a language that you learned at birth , you should n’t be speaking at all .
You can hardly consign Yiddish to the past if you do n’t really know what it is .
Assuming that your grandparents arrived in the U.S before the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 , you do n’t even have a consistent reason for refusing to learn Yiddish .
If you do n’t want to , do n’t bother .
Your parents should be able to tell you what you ’re missing .
Q .
After the latest round of corporate downsizing , is it more insulting to call your ( former ) boss a shlemiel , a shmegegge or a schmendrick ? — jms
A .
Sorry to have to tell you this , JMS , but if you ’re the one who has been downsized after years of devoted service to the company , then you ’re the shlemiel , the shmegegge , the shmendrik – the hapless patsy who staked his or her whole future on the idea of continued employment .
The boss who did the downsizing could be described as a putz , a shmuck , a paskudnyak ( roughly , S.O.B. ) , a mamzer ( bastard ) , a ganef ( a thief ) voos hot dikh gekoylet oon a meser , who slaughtered you without a knife .
These are all pretty insulting .
The Yiddish for unemployment insurance is pushke .
Q .
Question : I know “ putz ” and “ schmuck ” both mean literally “ penis . ”
But how does their common usage differ ?
It is worse to call someone a schmuck or a putz ? — Judah Greenblatt
A .
Think of putz as a shmuck rampant ; it ’s definitely worse .
While both can mean fool or jerk , putz also has a sense closer to “ s.o.b. ” or the more pejorative meanings of George Carlin ’s favorite twelve - letter word .
While a shmuck can be a jerk , he can also be a poor fool .
He can even be you .
The downsized shemgegge in the post above could well describe himself as a shmuck : “ Like a shmuck I did n’t even bill for my overtime . ”
You can have pity for a shmuck : “ The poor shmuck got fired two days after buying a house . ”
A putz is always vicious and always someone else .
Q .
I was wondering about Rube Goldberg and his Machines .
Is it the same thing to suggest one is a cog in an inefficient system to call them a Rube , or is that a slur I ’m unaware of ?
It feels slurry .
Do I worry too much ? — Abby
A .
To the best of my knowledge , “ rube ” means only “ hick ” or “ apple knocker , ” a term that has nothing to do with Rube Goldberg .
Q .
My grandparents , who were from Lvov , Poland , always pronounced Yiddish words slightly differently than the transliterations I usually see in English .
For example – they would say “ mishshigenah ” ( pardon my transliteration ) rather than “ meshuggener ” and “ pipik ” rather than “ pupik . ”
Is this just a quirk of my grandparents … or a regional twist / accent ?
I am wondering if their Yiddish was more Polish than German . — Lisa
A .
Do n’t worry , their Yiddish was definitely Yiddish .
Central and Southeast Yiddish dialects ( “ Poylish ” and “ Galitsiyaner ” ) front the “ u ” vowel to “ i , ” giving us the differences you mention .
It ’s a completely legitimate pronunciation and was more widespread in pre-War Europe than forms with “ u . ”
Q .
There ’s no Jewish humor , only Yiddish humor !
Right , or wrong ?
Can Hebrew or Ladino humor compete with Yiddish humor ?
Would Mel Brooks , Woody Allen , Larry David , and many , many , MANY others , have been so funny without their Yiddish roots ?
And what is it in Yiddish culture that makes this great sense of humor possible ?
It ’s certainly ca n’t be the German influence … and do n’t Jews , who abandon Yiddish for Hebrew , lose this exceptional sense of humor … ?
— Spritzer
A .
Your statement will come as quite a shock to someone like Eugene Levy , who is of Syrian - Jewish background .
Nor do I understand why Jews who abandon Yiddish for Hebrew should be less funny than Jews who abandon Yiddish for English .
You can say what you want about Mel Brooks ; I still think Cagney ’s Yiddish was better .
The irony and wordplay that characterize so much of Yiddish humor can be traced all the way back to the Bible and Talmud and are the common property of Jews all over the world .
I ’ve seen plenty of Sephardi stuff that would n’t be at all out of place in Yiddish .
Do n’t be so quick to discount the German influence , either .
Medieval Germanic humor – in German , Old English and Old Icelandic – tends toward a sort of ironic understatement that blends well with the Yiddish approach to jollity and seems to have exerted some influence on Yiddish ideas of funny .
This unique blending of the Talmudic and the Teutonic reached a climax of sorts with The Three Stooges , who have a lot more to do with traditional Yiddish ideas of humor than most of their detractors would care to admit .
Q .
Blintzes , latkes , and hamantaschen .
Are the names of these culinary delights all Yiddish ? — CraigieB
A .
Yes , they ’re all Yiddish .
Blintzes and latkes come in from the Slavic side , homentashen – Haman pockets – were originally mon tashen , “ poppy seed pockets , ” which were renamed in honor of their consumption on Purim .
Q .
My father , who can understand conversational Yiddish somewhat well as his grandmother primarily spoke Yiddish , uses the word “ nuchschlepper ” often , or someone who is basically a loser , a lightweight ( I think ) .
Is this word Yiddish , Yinglish , or made up altogether ?
I use a lot of Yiddish words and learned a few choice ones from reading Leo Rosten ’s books .
Shpilkes is my favorite !
—
Sorka
A .
A nuchshlepper ( nokhshlepper in Standard Yiddish ) is a person who tags along where it ’s clear that he is n’t wanted ; he ’s either too stupid or too desperate to take a hint .
The verb nokhshlepn means “ to drag after ” ; a nokhshleper is a follower whom you have no desire to lead .
Q .
What Yiddish word or phrase best describes Larry David ’s character on “ Curb Your Enthusiasm ” ? — Joe Carino
A .
If it is n’t shmuck , it ’d have to be putz .
Q .
The only Yiddish curse I know is : “ May all your teeth fall out , except one , for a toothache . ”
Can someone translate that for me please ?
( into Yiddish ) .
Thank you thank you !
— Louise Rose
A .
It goes like this :
Ale tseyn zoln dir oysfaln , nor eyner zol dir blaybn af tsonveytik .
Use it in good health .
Q .
I , too , have a “ frage ” : which textbook would you recommend for learning Yiddish , which dictionary and are there online courses ?
I look forward to your answers .
— Shloime Perel
A .
The two leading textbooks are “ College Yiddish ” by Uriel Weinreich and “ Yiddish ” by Sheva Zucker .
They ’re both excellent ;
Weinreich ’s approach works well with students who already have some knowledge of grammar and are not afraid to learn paradigms .
Zucker ’s book is more structurally - oriented ; it can be supplemented with specially - made CD ’s that can be ordered separately .
I ’d be remiss not to mention Bernard Bleich ’s “ The Complete Idiot ’s Guide to Learning Yiddish , ” which is both solid and enjoyable ; Bleich is a rabbi who teaches at Yeshiva University and puts more emphasis on traditional Jewish life than the other two writers .
The main dictionaries are Uriel Weinreich ’s “ Modern English - Yiddish Yiddish - English Dictionary ” and Alexander Harkavy ’s 1928 “ Yiddish - English - Hebrew Dictionary . ”
Harkavy gives only Yiddish to English , but he gives a lot of it ; Weinreich ’s dictionary is much smaller but also much newer .
The English - Yiddish section is particular valuable for students .
You need to be able to read the Hebrew alphabet to make any use of either dictionary .
e Yiddish offers on - line Yiddish lessons .
I ’ve seen the site , but have n’t looked into any of the lessons .
Q .
Is there a published English - Yiddish dictionary ?
If so , is it available for the Kindle ?
I ’m sitting on shpilkes ( sp ? ) waiting for an answer .
— Surferdude
A .
See answer to Shloime Perel above .
Amazon ’s Kindle store does n’t list either book .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have given details of how the Conservatives ' flagship idea of a " big society " will shape the coalition 's policies .
The prime minister and his Lib Dem deputy said people should have more say over planning decisions and voluntary groups be able to run public services .
Mr Cameron said the state was " often too inhuman and clumsy " to tackle the country 's social problems .
Labour have warned that the idea could result in " do - it - yourself " services .
' Big idea '
During the election Mr Cameron described the " big society " - based around encouraging greater personal and family responsibility and community activism - as the " only big idea " on offer .
Policies put forward by the Conservatives included a National Citizenship Service for 16 - year olds , giving people the right to veto council tax rises and for new providers to be able to set up so - called " free schools " in the state sector .
The " big society " was not mentioned in the two parties ' initial coalition agreement , which focused largely on measures to tackle the deficit crisis and reform the political system .
We know that the best ideas come from the ground up , not the top down
Prime Minister David Cameron
But at a meeting with representatives of voluntary and charitable organisations in Downing Street , Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg fleshed out their ideas for putting " people power at the heart of government " .
These include giving communities power to stop post office or pub closures , training community organisers , encouraging volunteering , creating a Big Society Bank to fund social enterprises , giving people greater access to government data and reviewing of local government finance .
Mr Cameron said the government was committed to giving people more control over their lives .
" We know instinctively that the state is often too inhuman , monolithic and clumsy to tackle our deepest social problems , " he said .
" We know that the best ideas come from the ground up , not the top down . "
Mr Clegg said building a fairer Britain required " radical change " and " bringing down vested interests " .
' On the cheap ' But Labour 's Chris Bryant , a former minister , said : " This is drivel ...
I think this is an attempt to get government on the cheap . "
Although broadly in agreement that there should be more alternatives to state providers in many areas , there are several sticking points between the coalition partners .
On schools , both parties agree new providers should be able to enter the state school system in response to parental demand but they differ on who these schools should be accountable to .
The Conservatives want new schools to be answerable directly to ministers whereas the Liberal Democrats want local authorities to retain control over the schools in their area .
On local government finance , the Liberal Democrats proposed piloting a local income tax while the Conservatives suggested freezing council tax in partnership with councils .
The parties have agreed to a review on how to proceed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Air safety investigators have started sifting through the remains of this morning 's fatal plane crash in Sydney 's south - west .
Police say the pilot made a call reporting engine problems just before his twin - engine plane hit power lines outside a house and school at Canley Vale .
The pilot of the aeromedical aircraft , 28 - year - old Andrew Wilson , had reported difficulty maintaining altitude .
He and a flight nurse in her 40s were killed when the light plane crashed near the Canley Vale primary school .
Federal Transport and Infrastructure Minister Anthony Albanese says investigations have already begun into the cause of the crash .
" There has been a tragic loss of life .
We know this has been a very tragic incident , " he said .
" It 's appropriate that the facts surrounding this incident be fully investigated and the Australian Transport Safety Bureau ( ATSB ) will be doing that . "
Martin Dolan , the chief commissioner of the ATSB , says five investigators are heading to the crash site .
" They will examine the wreckage , they will interview witnesses and they will form an initial assessment of the facts and do a report on that and then move on to a more extensive analysis and investigation , " he said .
" As you can imagine these things normally take some time .
Normal standard for something of this kind is we will do a preliminary report within 30 days and expect to have completed all our work within a year .
" It 's a twin engine aircraft and engine problems are rare and events of this nature a very rare . "
The ATSB is appealing for any witnesses to the crash to contact it .
Mr Wilson had been flying for Wingaway Air for about four years .
The company 's general manager , Steve Donoghue , says it has been a huge loss to the company .
" It 's very sombre because when you 're working with a group of eight or nine people who you work with daily , it 's like losing a family member , " he said .
" It 's very difficult to cope . "
Last conversation
Audio has emerged from LiveATC.net of the conversation between the pilot and the Bankstown air traffic control .
" We seem to be struggling with height a little ; that 's all mate , " the pilot says to the control tower operator .
Mr Wilson then asks the tower operator if he can see the aircraft .
" At this stage negative due to haze , " the operator responds .
" We 're not maintaining height here .
You got any sight ?
Are there any good roads around ? "
Mr Wilson asks .
" The M7 should be in your vicinity somewhere ; you 're just approaching the three - mile boundary now , " the operator responds .
A tower does not have the authority to direct air traffic outside its three - mile boundary .
Mr Wilson says : " We 've got no height here ... "
" There 's no main roadways in your vicinity ? " the operator asks .
" We gonna have to put it down on the road , " Mr Wilson responds .
The operator then says : " What about the raceway ? "
" No , I ca n't see that , sorry , " the pilot says .
Moments later the plane hit power lines before exploding .
If you ’re one of the six million people who have read this post about Apple ’s next iPhone , you may already be familiar with the outline of this story .
According to Gizmodo , an Apple engineer allegedly left his prototype iPhone on a bar stool in Redwood City .
A random stranger picked it up , realized it was a next - generation iPhone , and then got in touch with Gawker , which has made it clear in the past that it ’s willing to pay big money for advance peeks at Apple products .
So this random person — who Gizmodo is being careful not to name — then sold the iPhone to Gizmodo for $ 5,000 .
Ever since getting a MacBook Pro , we understand the worship at the shrine of Apple a little better , but still , the excitement about the new iPhone is beyond us .
It appears that the major advancement is that there will be a camera on the front , so that you can video - chat with someone on your phone Star Trek - style .
The super - sercretive company was n’t happy about the phone going rogue .
Charles Arthur at the Guardian asked whether the site ’s editors had violated California state law by buying stolen property .
But Gizmodo is n’t worried about that :
( Our legal team told us that in California the law states , “ If it is lost , the owner has three years to reclaim or title passes to the owner of the premises where the property was found .
The person who found it had the duty to report it . ”
Which , actually , the guys who found it tried to do , but were pretty much ignored by Apple . )
Apple ’s general counsel Bruce Sewell sent Gizmodo a letter requesting the return of the secret iPhone , and Gizmodo plans to comply .
Well , that confirms that the secret iPhone is a real iPhone .
What are the legal implications for the trade secrets made public ?
We reached out to tech lawyer and Santa Clara law professor Eric Goldman for comment .
He told us :
If the prototype truly was left on the barroom floor as an accident , then the law gets murkier .
The person who found the prototype is in a legally ambiguous situation .
For example , courts are split on whether trade secrets accidentally left in public are still protectable .
Many courts basically chastise the putative trade secret owner for being so sloppy with their allegedly valuable assets ; but some courts will have sympathy for an honest mistake , especially when the finder knows ( or really ought to know ) that the found items are probably someone ’s valuable trade secrets .
However , Gizmodo is probably not in any real danger itself .
It can claim that it was a bona fide purchaser of the chattel ( although I wonder if this is really plausible ) , and its status as a publisher should help insulate it from any trade secret claims .
More importantly , at this point , what ’s done is done ; the information is out , and Apple ca n’t put the information back behind a secrecy veil .
There ’s precedent for publications raiding Apple ’s secrets .
We cite the ever helpful Wikipedia :
Apple v. Does
In November 2004 , three popular weblog sites that feature Apple rumors publicly revealed information about two unreleased Apple products , the Mac mini and an as yet unreleased product code - named Asteroid , also known as Project Q97 .
Two sites , Apple Insider and Power Page were subpoenaed for information to identify their confidential sources ( a third site , Think Secret , was also subpoenaed but did no original reporting on the case , and thus had no sources to reveal ) .
The suit raised the problem of bloggers , and whether they hold the same protection that journalists do .
In February 2005 , it was decided by a trial court in California that the website operators do not have the same shield law protection as do other journalists .
The journalists appealed , and in May 2006 , the California Court of Appeal reversed the trial court ’s decision , ruling that activities in question are covered by the shield law .
Apple may say it ’s not happy about the leak , but it ’s not been too bad for them today .
In after - hours trading , Apple ’s stock price is the highest it has ever been .
Gizmodo iPhone coverage [ Gizmodo ]
For Apple , Lost iPhone Is a Big Deal [ New York Times ]
Apple v. Does [ Wikipedia ]
Apple GC Asks Website to Return Its Secret Prototype iPhone [ ABA Journal ]
Advertisements
Today Fox
News provided more evidence for why the odious relationship between the right wing media and gold sellers deserves some serious investigation .
Despite endless shilling from Glenn Beck , it seems that even
Fox does n’t know if gold is a safe investment .
Over the course of two different programs
Fox said that gold will collapsed but also promised a 30 % increase .
Way to play both sides , Fox News .
Here is FNC ’s Jonas Ferris predicting a collapse in gold via Media Matters :
Ferris said , “ Have I been a little off on gold for the last 5 years sure , but let me tell you something , gold is my super bubble this week , and I can prove it .
The US dollar is up , inflation ’s down , those are things that should be bad for gold , yet gold is up every day , because it is in a crazy insanity mode just like the NASDAQ in early 2000 .
It ’s going to collapse and it ’s going to collapse big time , 50 % or more .
Advertisements
Eric Bolling on FNC ’s Bulls and Bears offered the exact opposite prediction :
Bolling said , “ I like gold .
States are going to get bailed out .
Gold ’s got to go up .
You have to have to print currency … gold ’s going to go up 30 % . ”
The conflicting predictions on Fox News run counter to what Glenn Beck has been telling his viewers and listeners .
At various times Beck has said , “ I ’m not recommending gold as an investment strategy .
I am recommending gold because when this country falls apart , gold will be the only thing worth anything . ”
He also urged his listeners to , “ think like a German Jew ” during the period of Nazi ascendance .
“ I think people are running out of options , ” he said , “ of something that could be worth something at all . ” ”
If Beck ’s urgings sound a lot like endorsements from a paid pitchman , that ’s because they are .
Beck is helping to fuel this gold bubble with his dubious claims about the safety of gold .
Bolling ’s analysis is either wishful thinking , or he owns a whole lot of gold that he plans to be selling soon .
Contrary to all claims of the paid right wing media , nobody knows what gold is going to do , and historically speaking when gold goes on a run during a recession , when the economy gets better , the bubble bursts .
That is the part that Beck and Bolling tend to leave out .
Beck has been using scare tactics to get his audience to buy gold , while he is getting paid to convince people to buy gold .
This is not only a conflict of interest for Beck , but he is also misusing his position in the media to help inflate a market .
This week Rep. Anthony Weiner accused Goldline of , “ aggressive sales tactics , conservative spokespeople and rhetoric to sell over - priced gold coins to unsuspecting consumers . ”
This is a cozy little relationship that deserves investigation , especially when Fox News is unintentionally providing evidence that gold is n’t nearly as safe as Glenn Beck , Mark Levin , G. Gordon Liddy , and other paid right wing shills are making out to be on their programs .
WASHINGTON , May 4 ( Reuters ) -
The low amount of income taxes the U.S. government collected in April , the most important month for tax filing , shows that states will have a devastating drop in their collections this year , the Rockefeller Institute of Government said on Tuesday .
“ With the data now in hand , it ’s all over but the crying , ” said Institute Senior Fellow Donald Boyd in a statement .
“ There were n’t any major changes in federal tax law that would have caused this revenue drop , ” he added .
“ And it is a pretty good indication that states , too , will have large year - over - year declines in April tax payment . ”
Federal tax collections that were not withheld from wage earners through April 30 were down 17.6 percent from a year earlier , according to the institute .
States get a large share of revenue they use to pay for schools , roads , healthcare and other crucial services through income taxes .
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , last year six states received more than half of their annual revenue from personal income taxes , with more than two - thirds of Oregon ’s revenue generated by income tax .
Many states set up their tax codes to mimic the U.S. tax regulations , and their collections move in sync with the federal government ’s .
Because the deadline for paying income taxes is April 15 , states collect the most taxes that month .
“ At a minimum , the federal data tell us that states are not likely to get bailed out by good news in April , and that some will find that they face new shortfalls , ” Boyd said .
Heading into tax day , fiscal year - to - date personal income tax collections were lagging the same period in fiscal 2009 in several states .
Another drop in revenue could stress already tenuous budget situations in many states , he said .
The fiscal years for almost all states ends on June 30 and they have been trying to draft budgets as the recession that began in 2007 continues to bite into their revenue .
On the national level , there are many signs pointing to the end of the recession this year , and certain states are entering economic recovery .
Still , states heal slowly from downturns because income tax revenues decline when residents suffer prolonged joblessness while the demand for social services such as healthcare spikes when people lose work .
( Reporting by Lisa Lambert ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
Soap , Posted in Showcase
Relive your favorite classic gaming adventures in the tub with my Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP !
This series of gaming cartridge soap packs 8 - bit , 16 - bit , or 64 - bit power in every shower !
Its natural companion is the Handheld Game Cartridge Guest Soap … the mini 8 - Bit version that ’s perfect for travel or your guest bathroom sink .
NEW in the series : Retro 2600 Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP bars… a parody replica rom cartridge of our favorite 1977 console .
NEWER in the series : Classic SG 16 - Bit Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP bars .
The 16 - bit equivalent from that other console .
Bonus : you wo n’t need to blow on these cartridges to get them to work .
GEEKSOAP
Game Cartridge bars are handmade one - at - a - time from all natural ingredients enriched with aloe and vitamin E .
The grey bars are generously scented with an incredibly refreshing lime mint fragrance while the black bars are scented with a sultry unisex black amber musk fragrance , and all bars come shrink - wrapped to seal in freshness and allow you to keep the soap on display until you ’re ready to use it .
GEEKSOAP is vegan friendly !
The molds were custom designed and created by me so you can be sure that your soap is lovingly handmade and 100 % one - of - a- kind .
You wo n’t find soap like it anywhere else !
The 64 - Bit Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP bars weigh a touch over 5 ounces and have the dimensions of 4″x3″ x1.1 ″ .
The 8 - Bit Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP bars weigh a little over 9 ounces ( That ’s nearly double all of my other GEEKSOAP bars ! ) with the dimensions of 4.25″x5.5″ x0.75 ″ .
These are HUGE !
The 16 - Bit Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP bars weigh around 8 ounces ( That ’s pretty darn big ! ) with the dimensions of 5.25″x3.5″ x0.75 ″ .
That ’s like 2 of my D20 Soap on a Rope bars !
The Handheld Game Cartridge Guest Soap bars weigh approximately 1.5 ounces and have the dimensions of 2.25″x2.5″x0.75 ″ .
The Retro 2600 Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP bars weigh around 5 ounces with the dimensions of 4″x3.25″x0.75 ″ .
The SG 16 - Bit Game Cartridge GEEKSOAP bars weigh approximately 5 ounces with the dimensions of 4.25″x3.25″x0.75 ″ .
These bars are 100 % solid soap through and through , which means the soap versions weigh more than the real thing … but good luck telling the difference between the soap and the real cartridges !
This is just one series design of many in my GEEKSOAP line .
CheckÂ out theÂ Soap category for more .
MyÂ fun soaps are available for purchase at Â
http://www.geeksoap.net
Please Note :
No company names are used on any of these products , they are simply parody replicas and not meant to confuse or mislead customers , or infringe on design patents .
( Which they do not . )
Not endorsed or licensed merchandise .
GEEKSOAP is geek soap for the internet .
Soap for geeks ; just pure geeky soap !
/
/
You are here : High Five !
Down Low !
On the side …
Martina Topley - Bird is a vocalist and songwriter from Shepherd 's Bush , West London , United Kingdom , who first gained fame as the female vocalist on trip - hop pioneer Tricky 's ( Adrian Thaws ) debut album , Maxinquaye , ( a printing error credited her as " Martine " ) in 1993 .
She continued her collaboration with Tricky on his follow - up album Pre-Millennium Tension as well as his Nearly God side - project .
Topley - Bird had a child , Maisie , with Thaws .
In 1998 , following a falling - out of her professional and personal relationship with Tricky , Topley - Bird began pursuing a solo… read more
It 's unofficially , official -- the Calgary Flames are slated to host an outdoor Heritage Classic in 2011 .
The NHL formally announced a game between the Flames and the Montreal Canadiens will be staged at McMahon Stadium on February 20 , 2011 , pending approval from the NHL Player 's Association .
Commissioner Gary Bettman made the annoucement in Chicago on Friday , on the eve of the Stanley Cup .
" The NHL also hopes to play an outdoor regular season game in Canada next season and will be discussing the plan with the Competition Committee in June , " said Bettman .
" The Heritage Classic would be played at McMahon Stadium in Calgary on Sunday , February 20 and would feature the Montreal Canadiens and Calgary Flames .
CBC and RDS would carry the game in Canada and VERSUS would telecast the outdoor match in the United States .
" Assuming plans for the game are approved , it will be the first NHL regular season game contested outdoors in Canada since the Edmonton Oilers hosted the Canadiens at first Heritage Classic at Commonwealth Stadium on November 22 , 2003 .
" The NHLPA and the NHL had discussions about an outdoor game in Canada for last season but Bettman said there was not enough time to make a game a reality .
" Consider this a soft , unofficial announcement , " said Bettman .
" It is my hope and expectation that this will not be an issue , " said Bettman of gaining approval from the NHLPA .
" We have been anxious to get an outdoor game for a number of years .
It was a near miss last season , " said Flames president and CEO Ken King .
" It would appear that we are closer than we have ever been with Mr. Bettman 's announcement today .
" I know there are still some hoops to jump through but a lot planning and a lot of thought has already gone into it so we are hoping that all the conditions are met .
" And if the game is officially approved , it will be a big , big event for the City of Calgary .
" It will be a great event for Calgary .
We have had plenty of interest from fans since the potential for a game was raised two years ago , " said King .
" It will be well - attended .
It will be a lot of tun .
The three things we do n't know are the absolute confirmation of the game , God 's weather and the outcome of the game .
"
The game at McMahon would be the second outdoor game of the 2010 season for the NHL .
The Pittsburgh Penguins will host the Washington Capitals at Heinz Field on New Year 's Day .
This will be the second time that a Canadian city has hosted an outdoor game after Edmonton 's Commonwealth Stadium set the standard in the inaugural Winter Classic between the Oilers and Canadiens in 2003 .
This will also be the second time that the Pittsburgh Penguins have been involved in the Winter Classic after they faced the Buffalo Sabres at Ralph Wilson Stadium in 2008 .
When and if the game is fully approved , the Flames and the NHL will have more details , including how tickets can be purchased , to reveal .
Lifting Another Blockade
Today is Che Guevara 's birthday ( also mine ) .
In honor of his legacy and the fight to lift the 50 - year - old U.S. blockade of Cuba , Pastors for Peace has announced its 21st Friendshipment US / Cuba Caravan .
It starts next month .
More here .
Read more
Sun , Wind and Water Make A Break For It
In a scene reminiscent of Woody Allen 's " Sleeper , " up to 50 Greenpeace activists dressed as solar , wind and water power broke into a Swedish nuclear power plant to protest an upcoming vote expected to reverse that country 's longtime phasing out of nuclear energy .
Many activists were able to get into the plant using fire truck ladders , raising the issue of security at a place you'd think would be harder to get into , especially for someone dressed pretty goofily as a wind turbine .
Read more
A Bit Cheeky
This year 's World Naked Bike Ride was , as usual , part cycling celebration and part nudism party , but also anti-BP and anti-oil rant .
Over a thousand people rode in London ; there were also lots in San Francisco , where they like that sort of thing .
Read more
A month after the conviction of Australian citizen Stern Hu for taking kickbacks and stealing trade secrets , China has issued definitions of what constitutes commercial secrets .
The definitions , drawn up for China 's hundreds of state - owned firms , are in line with a draft law that requires telecommunications and internet operators to give authorities access to information sent through their networks .
The draft is part of an effort to codify what is a secret in China after the trial of four Rio Tinto employees drew international attention to the country 's vague secrets laws .
Those laws have long concerned human rights advocates .
Regulations on commercial secrets issued by the State - Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission ( SASAC ) were dated March 25 , the day after the trial of Rio Tinto 's Shanghai - based iron ore managers .
They were published late on Monday .
China 's lack of clarification of state or commercial secrets , highlighted by the Rio employees ' trials , has alarmed both Chinese and foreign investors .
The issue is of particular concern to businesses because state - owned enterprises , which dominate many industrial sectors , are both competitive - listed entities and an integral part of the state - directed economic model China imported from the Soviet Union .
Negotiations with those firms , therefore , can easily touch on matters the Chinese state deems of national interest .
Commercial secrets for state - owned firms , according to a notice posted on SASAC 's website , include information relating to strategic plans , management , mergers , equity trades and stock market listings .
It also includes information related to reserves , production , procurement and sales strategies , financing , negotiations , joint - venture investments and technology transfers .
The regulations prevent information from being secret forever by requiring the company to define the period for which information is classified as either a " core commercial secret " or a " standard commercial secret " .
The regulatory publications comes after China 's third legislatory amendment to the law on guarding state secrets was updated to include communications through modern networks .
But legal and rights advocates contend the ruling Communist Party uses secrets laws to prosecute critics and people who reveal information embarrassing to the party or powerful individuals .
- Reuters
Last month , I posted about Roadrunners Internationale , a small group of Area 51 vets who were now able to speak about their experiences at Area 51 , the shadowy military base in southern Nevada that 's a hotbed for black budget aircraft activity , conspiracy theorists , and , of course , extraterrestrials and the humans who love them .
In today 's Los Angeles Times , five former Area 51 insiders — including a commander of the base in the 1960s , a special projects engineer , and a test pilot — tell their favorite stories from Dreamland .
From the LA Times ( Wikimedia Commons image ) :
Urban legend has it that Area 51 is connected by underground tunnels and trains to other secret facilities around the country .
In 2001 , Katie Couric told Today Show audiences that 7 percent of Americans doubt the moon landing happened –that it was staged in the Nevada desert .
Millions of X - Files fans believe the truth may be " out there , " but more likely it 's concealed inside Area 51's Strangelove - esque hangars –buildings that , though confirmed by Google Earth , the government refuses to acknowledge .
" It was n't always called Area 51 , " says ( Edward ) Lovick , the physicist who developed stealth technology .
His boss , legendary aircraft designer Clarence L. " Kelly " Johnson , called the place Paradise Ranch to entice men to leave their families and " rough it " out in the Nevada desert in the name of science and the fight against the evil empire .
" Test pilot Tony LeVier found the place by flying over it , " says Lovick .
" It was a lake bed called Groom Lake , selected for testing because it was flat and far from anything .
It was kept secret because the CIA tested U - 2s there . "
When Frances Gary Powers was shot down over Sverdlovsk , Russia , in 1960 , the U - 2 program lost its cover .
But the CIA already had Lovick and some 200 scientists , engineers and pilots working at Area 51 on the A - 12 OXCART , which would outfox Soviet radar using height , stealth and speed .
This Penthouse billboard , showing a photo of a woman 's eye rotated to resemble … not a woman 's eye , has been banned in Bulgaria due to its obviously problematic visual .
Interestingly , Bulgarians really seem to weigh the pros and cons before complaining about an ad .
Says one : " We understand that there is freedom of speech and freedom of expression , and that they have to be respected and upheld , but we cannot hide our contempt for the filth that is the Penthouse billboard . "
— Posted by Tim Nudd
What we name our children says more about who we are than who we hope they will be .
And in the case of 2009 's most - popular baby names , we are apparently people who love the Twilight series of books and movies .
Isabella replaced Emma as the most popular baby name for girls in 2009 , according to the Social Security Administration .
( Isabella is played by Kristen Stewart in the Twilight movies ) .
Jacob was the most popular for boys , but it has been the most popular for 10 years , so it 's prevalence probably explains its inclusion in Twilight and not the other way around .
( Jacob is played by Taylor Lautner in the movie . )
But " Cullen " — which is the last name of Edward Cullen , the character played by Robert Pattinson in the movies — jumped from 638 to 296 .
It demonstrated the biggest gain .
It 's hard to really get annoyed about this .
Popular things are popular .
But I do have a new life goal : to write a series of wildly popular YA novels featuring the darkly handsome Poopface McGee , and his young lover , " ; dddxlk " .
[ NYPost ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
House Minority Leader John Boehner has been trying hard to woo the unruly grassroots activists who make up the Tea Party movement .
So far the effort does n’t seem to be going that well , but he is apparently going to keep trying , even it means crossing over into fringe territory .
Many Tea Party activists are stalwart believers in the primacy of the Tenth Amendment , that little clause in the Constitution that they see as a powerful bar to federal government overreach .
They ’re using it to fight health care reform , to try to nullify federal gun laws , to launch a host of radical state sovereignty measures , and even to advocate secessionism .
For the most part , members of Congress have shied away from this particular element .
But on Wednesday , Boehner held a press conference in support of Arizona ’s draconian new immigration law , and he specifically invoked the Tenth Amendment :
“ The people of Arizona have the right under the 10th Amendment to write their own laws — and they have , ” Boehner said .
“ It has a 70 percent approval in Arizona and I think we ought to respect the people of Arizona and everyone should make their own decisions . ”
But at least one die - hard Tenther was n’t buying Boehner ’s conversion .
Michael Boldin , founder of the California - based Tenth Amendment Center , pointed out in his blog Wednesday that Boehner ’s track record on Tenth Amendment fealty is n’t exactly stellar .
He notes that Boehner has voted for a string of federal statutes that Tenth Amendment purists see as massive constitutional violations and illegal federal intrusion into local affairs , including the No Child Left Behind Act , the Real ID Act , the TARP bailouts , as well as the Patriot Act and its reauthorization .
Given all that , Boldin concludes :
For decades women in gold lycra bikinis have patrolled the streets of Surfers Paradise , the popular resort on Queensland 's Gold Coast , feeding meters to save motorists from parking fines .
Lately , though , the " meter maids " have fallen on hard times , their raison d'etre threatened by pay - and - display machines and their image tarnished by a series of nude centre - spread scandals .
Now their fortunes may be revived , thanks to plans to enlist them as roving tourism " ambassadors " .
But there is one condition , and the maids are not happy about it .
If they travel around the country , they will have to cover up .
" Forget about dressing them in bikinis , " warned Paul Donovan , the chairman of Gold Coast Tourism .
To Roberta Aitchison , who runs Surfers Paradise Meter Maids , that makes no sense .
She believes the distinctive swimsuits – usually teamed with akubras ( traditional Australian cowboy hats ) and knee - length white boots – are integral to the maids ' image .
Without them , she asks , " why would anybody want to take a photo ?
No reason at all . "
Ms Aitchison concedes that the maids possess more decorous items , such as gold leggings , gold jackets and gold ballgowns .
" We will cover up to a certain extent , but we wo n't cover up completely , " she told The Australian newspaper .
" Otherwise it 's a pointless exercise .
We need to keep it sexy and summery , and you do n't really do that in a corporate outfit .
You do that in a bikini . "
The maids first appeared in 1965 , the brainchild of a Surfers entrepreneur , Bernie Elsey , who wanted to highlight the opposition of local businesses to the introduction of parking meters .
Since then , they have become an institution on the Gold Coast , a 21 - mile strip of beaches backed by nightclubs , souvenir shops and fast - food outlets .
One of the original maids , Annette Welch , was disinherited by her grandmother , who was outraged by the sight of her in a skimpy swimsuit .
Most locals , though , regarded the women – who dispensed tourist information and advertised local businesses on their bikini bottoms , as well as inserting small change into meters – as an asset .
They were even paid by the Surfers Paradise Chamber of Commerce .
That arrangement ended in 1990 , when Ms Aitchison – then a meter maid – appeared in Penthouse , together with a colleague , Melinda Stewart .
Sacked by the chamber , the pair set up together in business .
The idea of using the women as ambassadors is not new .
After a cyclone hit the Gold Coast in 1967 and tourist bookings slumped , the safari- suited mayor , Bruce Small , embarked on a national quest to publicise the area , accompanied by a bevy of maids .
The latest venture is partly aimed at rescuing the maids , who have been struggling financially since the local council forbade them from selling merchandise – including keyrings , calendars and " stubby " ( beer bottle ) holders – on its land .
Under the new plan , the maids would receive appearance fees , but a spokesman for Gold Coast Tourism underlined the authority 's position on the wardrobe issue .
" If they 're providing information to visitors on the beachfront , it 's entirely appropriate for them to be wearing bikinis , " he said .
" If they 're at the Melbourne Convention Centre , that 's probably not appropriate attire . "
In the early days , it cost just five cents to park locally .
After feeding an expired meter , the maids would slip a leaflet under the car 's windscreen wiper , stating : " You have just been saved from a parking fine by the Surfers Paradise Meter Maids . "
Since the introduction of pay - and - display , they have taken on the task of explaining to motorists how the machines work .
Female gamers are used to putting up with sexist claptrap - both from the companies that design games and other players .
So a study by psychologists at Nottingham Trent University showing that 70 % of them chose to construct male characters when given the option by online games , should come as no surprise .
Anyone who has played video games with any regularity will know that character design is one of those areas where gender stereotypes run riot .
Most pre-packaged characters are white , male and buff .
Female characters are few and far between , and when they do appear they are usually highly sexualised or passive , or both .
Game architects just do n't seem to be able to look beyond those pneumatic breasts .
But the study focused on role - playing games where you get to choose everything about your avatar , including age , shape , ethnicity and gender .
Given limitless possibilities , why would women choose to change their sex in far greater numbers than men opting to play women ?
As the psychologists suggest , one reason could be the sexism and sexual harassment to which women are subjected online .
A cursory glance at the comments under almost any YouTube video featuring a woman demonstrates that just being female is enough to draw a vicious response from a stream of misogynist and anonymous commenters .
Technology blogger Kathy Sierra abandoned her website after the harassment directed towards her escalated to unbearable levels .
When Second Life millionaire Ailin Graef appeared on a chat show in the virtual world to discuss her success on the platform - which is more 3D chatroom than game - her character was swarmed by flying pink penises ( the attack was arranged by " griefers " - users who spend all their time harassing others ) .
Then you have the " tits or GTFO " internet trend , whereby new posters on message boards who identify themselves as female are requested to post photos of their breasts or " get the fuck off " .
When it comes to multiplayer games , such as World of Warcraft , women must also face down a whole set of assumptions about their ability to play .
Or they could just sidestep all this and construct male characters and avatars .
But let 's not forget that , just like TV or film , gaming is a form of escapism .
What does it signify if I chose to play a male elf instead of a female elf ?
We live in a society that rigidly polices our gender expression - in some ways , what is interesting is not that so many gamers chose to play characters of another gender , but the surprised reaction such virtual experimentation produces .
We 've restyled our site , but this video still describes our easier , faster experience .
See also the Hassle - Free Photo Upload video .
Photo uploading that 's easy on you Automatically grouped by date taken .
Duplicates detected .
Desktop : Export to OurDoings from any photo management software ( via Dropbox ) , use our button with the Picasa photo organizer , use the XP Web Publishing Wizard , or make a zip archive to post via web .
Mobile : Post by email , or apps : Instagram , Pixelpipe , Dropbox or hellotxt .
Photo browsing that 's easy on the eyes Web page for each month attractively groups photos by date .
Add headlines / text to be even more blog - like .
Archive works intuitively , by when you did something , not when you posted about it .
To keep the month page easy to browse , days with too many photos show the first few or selected few with a " more photos " link that leads to a page just for that day .
Maps for geocoded photos .
Easy integration with Disqus and other services .
Custom styling .
Finger - swipe slide show on iPad/iPhone /etc .
Harvard University Professor Stephen Walt , co-writer of The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy with Professor John Mearsheimer , was recently on the Pakistani program ‘ Washington Report ” .
The episode was posted in four parts , but the first is an introduction completely in Urdu , so we ’re just posting the last three parts — the interview itself .
He discusses the impact of The Lobby , which “ ties one hand behind America ’s back ” , on its role in “ how American foreign policy works ” — ignorant of “ the fact is that unconditional support for Israel is n’t good for the United States ” and “ probably not even good for Israel ” .
He also discusses the “ foolish ” self - defeating nature of the Obama Adminsitration ’s motivation in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Prof .
Walt is a truly independent amoral Realpolitik theorist , one of the most compelling and informative political scientists of our time .
Part One ( 7:27 ) :
Part Two ( 6:30 ) :
Part Three ( 6:44 ) :
It was nearing the end of Bafta 's Ray Harryhausen 90th birthday tribute at the BFI Southbank last Saturday that special effects makeup maestro Rick Baker took to the stage to offer his praise .
For the previous two hours or so , a stunning list of the movie industry 's biggest , most innovative and respected names had , in person or via video messages , offered their undying love and gratitude to Harryhausen and his work , all offering incredibly specific tales of when they first encountered his unique contribution to cinema and how greatly it affected them .
For Baker , the problem he faced was how could he say anything that had not been already said – even the " we are all children of the Hydra 's teeth " line had been used .
Twice .
So , the six - time Oscar winner asked a question that , upon reflection , is rather terrifying , something no one else there would have dared to even speculate on : What if Ray Harryhausen had never been born ?
" I 'd be asking you if you wanted fries with that ...
Peter Jackson would be shearing sheep . "
After that it was impossible not to consider how different cinema would be without such an inspiring figure .
Just going by the list of acolytes who contributed to the evening alone , we'd have no Star Wars , no Terminator , no Toy Story , no Pan 's Labyrinth , no Edward Scissorhands , no Jaws , no Shawshank Redemption , no Wallace and certainly no Gromit .
Those are just the collateral damage , without Harryhausen there would be no Jason And The Argonauts , no 7th Voyage Of Sinbad and no 20 Million Miles To Earth .
That 's not a world I 'd want to live in .
It would n't be much fun .
Hosted by John Landis , who was funny and enthusiastic enough to have made this a memorable night even if no other guests had turned up , it was a joyful and emotional event .
I 'd even go so far as to say it was historic , legendary .
The audience , full of people from Harryhausen 's age downwards , all regressing to their nine - year - old selves , cooing and gasping at the clips spanning a unique body of work , as Landis interspersed the footage with an amazing collection of speakers , many of whom had flown across the world to be there : Baker , Randy Cook ( Ghostbusters , The Thing ) , Bond / Hammer girl Caroline Munro , Sir Christopher Frayling , original ILM members Phil Tippet ( who showed a special It Came From Beneath The Sea- inspired tribute short ) , Ken Ralston and Dennis Muren .
Muren is the only FX artist , apart from Harryhausen , to have a star on the Hollywood walk of fame : he pulled out his wallet to show a picture of him meeting Harryhausen 48 years ago , a picture he has carried around ever since .
Later that evening another ILM graduate told me what a big deal it was for the soft - spoken Muren to have told something so personal to such a large audience .
It was a special night for everyone .
Peter Jackson made the trip over with some of his early , Harryhausen - inspired home movies , including some sweetly hilarious footage of a 14 - year - old him jumping around a New Zealand beach waving a sword – he'd heard for the skeleton fight in 7th Voyage Of Sinbad the live action had be filmed first , so he did the same , except he could n't figure out how to add the skeleton to his footage , hence the lonely flailing .
There were many who could not be there , giving Landis an opportunity for some great jokey digs as he introduced filmed messages from the non-attendees : we got George Lucas ( " too cheap to buy a ticket " ) , Steven Spielberg ( " a young talent who could go places " ) and James Cameron ( " his last couple of movies have been flops , it was the audiences fault , not his " ) .
Best of all was Harryhausen 's longtime friend Ray Bradbury , who told the tale of how they met , aged 18 , for the first time outside the house of mutual pal Forrest J Ackerman ( the man who coined the term " sci-fi " – these gentlemen pretty much invented everything ) .
Invited back to check out Harryhausen 's dinosaur models , Bradbury decided the two should be best friends and have spoken or met each other at least once a month for the last 72 years .
I do n't think anyone there failed to tear up over that .
Beautiful .
It 's not just in inspiring others that Harryhausen 's name looms large , his methods still have impact on the technical side .
I spoke to Gavin Rothery , the FX supervisor and designer on Moon who told me much of the current CGI compositing software is very strongly based on techniques Harryhausen used to insert his models into live action .
And it 's not just the film world that has benefitted : animator Stephen Czerkas has become a leading paleontologist , Darkplace actress Alice Lowe studied Greek classics at Cambridge following a love of the subject garnered from Jason And The Argonauts .
Even One Million Years BC , a film often dismissed by non-scientific movie critics as it places dinosaurs and man together , has inspired many scientists as the dinosaurs are incredibly " best - guess " accurate in appearance and movement .
The evening ended with a wonderfully surreal drinks reception , with even more famous names such as Terry Gilliam , Edgar Wright ( " Scott Pilgrim will be completed in two weeks , I promise " ) , Simon Pegg , Reece Shearsmith and Andy Serkis turning up .
Chat was full of how people had gone the extra mile in preserving Harryhausen 's legacy with a new book full of incredible photos I 've never seen before ( Ray Harryhausen : A Life In Pictures ) , an exhibition of his creatures at the London Film Museum and the guys behind the new Blu - Ray version of Jason And The Argonauts telling of how they have worked carefully at preserving the original look of the film by purposely not " correcting " the colours .
Ray 's daughter , Vanessa Harryhausen , told me about how she had the puppets of the alligator from The 3 Worlds Of Gulliver and the elephant from The Valley Of Gwangi as her childhood playthings .
It occured to me that she could have seen her toys come to life by watching her dad 's films , the closest to a real - life Toy Story anyone could get .
But that 's just one example of the magic Harryhausen has brought to everyone 's lives .
I 'm going to book my ticket for his 100th birthday celebration now .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Marc Vesty
Two own goals gave England an unconvincing win over Japan in their final warm - up game before flying to South Africa for the World Cup .
England started sloppily and were punished after six minutes when Marcus Tulio Tanaka met Yasuhito Endo 's corner and crashed the ball past David James .
Frank Lampard had a penalty saved before England levelled when Tanaka headed Joe Cole 's cross in his own net .
And England stole the win when Yuji Nakazawa turned Ashley Cole 's ball in .
England boss Fabio Capello will trim his squad from the provisional 30 to a 23 - man World Cup party on Tuesday and after the match the Italian revealed he had made his mind up who would be selected - but would not share the information .
Some questions still need to be answered .
England fielded 17 different players and tried two formations in Graz , a first - half 4 - 4 - 2 followed by a more compact 4 - 4 - 1 - 1 for half an hour in the second half .
606 : DEBATE
If we play like that against the much better opposition like Spain , Brazil or France we have no chance
leedsmad
But while both will have given Capello food for thought , England looked more convincing when substitute Joe Cole played behind Rooney in the second half .
Capello could be forgiven for expecting a greater level of urgency from players desperate to impress .
Instead England were lethargic in the opening stages and were caught out after only six minutes .
Worryingly , it was a straightforward set piece which found England napping .
Endo 's corner was met by Tanaka hurtling into the area and the centre - back managed to run across Glen Johnson before smashing a low drive beyond James .
After the 3 - 1 win over Mexico on Monday night , Capello revealed he had been furious with his side 's first - half display at Wembley , being particularly disappointed with their slow tempo .
The England boss had even gone to the extent of calling for his players to show an " English spirit " in his pre-match news conference - a call for his team to raise the intensity of their play .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But once again England struggled to find the fast - paced game the Italian craves , and instead were left watching as Japan , who will also be present in South Africa , took the initiative and put pressure on England .
Wingers Aaron Lennon and Theo Walcott struggled to find space for the most part , although Lennon did spurn England 's best chance of the first half after 19 minutes , when set up by Wayne Rooney .
After being released by Tom Huddlestone , the Manchester United striker drove forward before toeing the ball into the path of Lennon as he broke into the area but the winger 's low left - footed drive was saved comfortably by Eiji Kawashima .
And it was Japan who continued to cause problems when , seconds later , Shinji Okazaki outmuscled Rio Ferdinand and got a sight of goal but lashed his shot over the bar .
The combination of Darren Bent and Rooney up front showed few signs of flourishing with the pair on different wavelengths .
And Bent , who will face an anxious wait to see whether he makes the squad on Tuesday morning , fluffed his lines when presented with a half chance .
A long ball from Ferdinand found the Sunderland striker on the penalty spot but , unaware of his position as the ball came over his head , Bent nodded the ball wide .
Meanwhile , Rooney , who will certainly be on the plane to Rustenburg on Wednesday , could not quite direct his half - chance towards goal after he cleverly back - heeled Huddlestone 's drive but the effort spun wide of the left post .
Capello made five changes at half time , replacing James , Johnson , Huddlestone , Walcott and Bent with Joe Hart , Jamie Carragher , Joe Cole , Shaun Wright - Phillips and Steven Gerrard .
The substitutions , which included playing Gerrard and Lampard together in the centre of midfield , had the desired effect of waking England from their slumber as tackles began to fly in and passes carried a more crisp edge .
Ten minutes into the second half England were handed a way back into the game when Endo handballed Lampard 's free - kick in the box but the midfielder 's penalty was saved by Kawashima down to his right .
For Lampard , England 's first - choice penalty taker , it was a second penalty miss in two weeks after the Chelsea man put his spot kick wide in the FA Cup final against Portsmouth .
But it was Japan who the threatened to score for a second time when Takayuki Morimoto caught Ashley Cole out of position and lashed an effort towards goal but Hart reacted quickly to push the ball away .
A curling top - corner - bound effort by Rooney was tipped wide by the impressive Kawashima as England started to press .
And Capello's side were on level terms moments later when Joe Cole found space on the right and his curled cross was crashed home past his own goalkeeper by Tanaka .
As the rain lashed down in Austria a second own goal gave England a fortunate victory when Ashley Cole 's cross skidded off the turf and was turned in by Nakazawa .
Emile Heskey , a late second - half substitute , was teed up by Gerrard 's inch - perfect cross with two minutes to play but the Aston Villa striker headed wide when he should have done better , a miss which could cost his World Cup involvement .
England : David James ( Joe Hart , 46 ) , Glen Johnson ( Jamie Carragher , 46 ) , Ashley Cole , Tom Huddlestone ( Steven Gerrard , 46 ) , Rio Ferdinand , John Terry , Theo Walcott ( Shaun Wright - Phillips , 46 ) , Frank Lampard , Darren Bent ( Joe Cole , 46 ) , Wayne Rooney , Aaron Lennon ( Emile Heskey , 77 ) .
Japan : Eiji Kawashima , Yuji Nakazawa , Marcus Tanaka , Yuto Nagatomo , Yusuyuki Konno , Yasuhito Endo ( Keiji Tamada , 86 ) , Makoto Hasebe , Abe Yujki , Keisuke Honda , Yoshito Okubu ( Daisuke Matsui , 72 ) , Shinji Okazaki ( Takayuki Morimoto , 65 ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All of you Android users that love soccer can now rejoice !!
The Associated Press has recently released an app that will follow the 2010 World Cup .
This is a free app available in the Android Market .
If you ’re a Sprint customer you can watch it live on ESPN Mobile , so if you recently purchased an EVO you can enjoy FIFA World Cup 2010 on your handsets large display .
For those of us non-Sprint customers this is a great app for every soccer fan no matter what team you ’re rooting for .
Feel the excitement of the games with AP ’s 2010 World Cup Coverage !
Follow your team throughout South Africa and enjoy live game scores , schedules , standings , and more .
Available in English , French , Spanish , and Portuguese , AP 2010 World Cup Coverage is the most trusted source for the World Cup action !
[ via androidlibs ]
“ There 's always been a point at which you start to negotiate with each other , " Gen Sir David said .
In his “ private view ” there was “ no reason why we should n't be looking at that sort of thing pretty soon , ” he said .
The Group of 20 powerful nations existed before the credit crunch , but few outside the worlds of banking and finance had heard of it .
The G20 only became the official steering committee for the global economy when , at the peak of financial turmoil , Gordon Brown used its Washington and London summits to galvanise world leaders into emergency action .
The G20 meeting in Toronto this weekend has sorely lacked such unity of purpose .
It would flatter Mr Brown to suggest that his absence is the reason , although it is certainly a factor .
But in the past year , a lot more has happened in the world than a change of government in the UK .
The most important development is a sharp shift in governments ' feelings about their debts , prompted by investor panic over Greece and the wider eurozone .
In the first stages of the credit crunch , national governments spent public money to prevent a chain reaction of bankruptcies in the financial sector .
The ensuing recession led , in many countries , to a collapse in tax revenues and soaring budget deficits .
Anxiety switched from questions about the solvency of banks , newly flush with taxpayers ' cash , to questions about the solvency of nations .
Governments cannot bail themselves out , they can only borrow to meet their spending needs .
And if no one will lend , the only solution is savage budget cuts and higher taxes .
But if every country embraced austerity simultaneously , the fiscal stimulus that averted meltdown in the first place would be withdrawn .
The world economy could slump .
So the G20 is divided between those who think it more important to retain a cushion of spending , to support growth , and those who think restoring market confidence through austerity is the key .
President Barack Obama is increasingly isolated as champion of the former camp .
George Osborne 's budget last week put the UK firmly in the latter one .
The chancellor 's plans envisage recouping a shortfall of around £ 86bn in four years , with the sharpest contraction of spending ever by a British government .
Mr Osborne insists he had no alternative .
His coalition partners agree .
That is a change in policy , driven , say top Lib Dems , by anxiety about debt after the euro crisis .
The timing of their conversion also coincides neatly with their receipt of seats in cabinet .
It is true that Mr Osborne felt obliged to assault the deficit hard and fast , but the pressure was as much political as economic .
He aims to get as much pain as possible out of the way in the early years of this parliament so he has some budget treats to give out on the eve of a 2015 election .
The government 's assertion that its towering bonfire of services and benefits was " unavoidable " is false .
Under Labour 's pre-election plans , the deficit would have shrunk to 1.6 % of GDP by 2015 , well within the range that markets judge prudent .
The coalition tries to present the choice as binary – inaction or brutality – but there are middle paths available and good reasons to take a more gradual approach .
Government spending currently underpins demand , creating jobs and stimulating consumption , but the state can no longer afford to subsidise the economy at current levels .
So the coalition rightly wants to effect a transition to a different kind of economy , less dependent on public money and debt .
But to be confident of arriving at this destination , the government needs some sense of what will replace state investment as a spur to growth .
According to the budget , that function will be performed by a massive increase in private sector investment and exports .
Mr Osborne reckons the proportion of growth coming from exports will increase from nought to around 30 % within three years .
He does not say who will finance this expansion , when banks are hoarding their cash .
And he does not say what we will be exporting , nor to whom .
Britain is not the only country in the world that has a deficit and would like to buy less on credit , while selling more abroad .
Meanwhile , countries that have surpluses , chiefly Germany and China , are not in a hurry to spend their cash building up UK manufacturing .
Their own exporting industries are major employers and political pragmatism demands that if jobs are going to be funded anywhere it must be at home .
These are not just issues of abstract macroeconomics .
Mr Osborne 's austerity drive might put hundreds of thousands of public sector employees on the dole .
At the same time , millions will have benefits cut , ostensibly as an " incentive to work " .
Where ?
The chancellor 's plan is that the promise of stable public finances combined with low corporate taxes will create the natural environment for entrepreneurialism to flourish .
In that view , large parts of the public sector count as weeds to be uprooted , so that the new shoots of private growth can emerge .
Although the budget contained a few cash palliatives for low - income families , the overall thrust was Thatcherism of the most hawkish variety .
The last time that approach was brought to bear on the British economy , in the early 1980s , unemployment soared .
The Tory calculation then was that job losses were the necessary cost of radical restructuring .
But not enough was done to redeploy those whose livelihoods were lost .
Many communities most affected by cuts and recession were excluded from the benefits of growth when it returned .
Then , as now , the market was expected to drive the transition .
But it failed to put capital in the gaps left by the state 's withdrawal .
In opposition , the Tories made much of Labour 's neglect of so - called Neets , young people not in education , employment or training .
But in government , they have presented no strategy to include them in the labour market .
Instead , the coalition 's first budget risks creating a lost generation , like the one that missed its first vital step up the ladder of prosperity in the early Eighties .
A vital lesson from that period is that high unemployment carries a massive social and economic cost – in poorer health , higher crime , social breakdown – that does not immediately show up on a national balance sheet .
Either Mr Osborne has failed to factor that cost into his calculations or he thinks it is " unavoidable " .
Either way , he is wrong .
The United States needs another stimulus bill .
American families need unemployment insurance and COBRA health benefits extended to save struggling families from bankruptcy .
The state coffers need cash to save jobs , avert draconian tax increases , and keep Medicaid afloat .
Schools need relief to keep the contagion of the recession out of our classrooms .
But Congress wants to do more .
It wants to add a tax bennie for NASCAR track owners , and cotton shirt manufacturers , and Indian reservation property developers , and Puerto Rican rum makers .
We 're left with a necessary recession - year stimulus living inside an bloated election - year piñata that 's practically begging critics to thwack it .
And they 're thwacking , alright .
The Economist takes a swing , writing :
Mr Obama 's fiscal policy has been described as " gas now , brake later " : wider deficits in the near term to keep the economy out of depression ( which would risk even bigger deficits ) , followed by a switch to deficit reduction to cap the rise in the national debt .
The switch , however , remains a future abstraction .
The latest initiatives would bring the total amount of stimulus since Mr Obama took office to well over $ 1 trillion
" Does the economy need all this ? " the authors ask .
Well , yes .
American families and businesses need quite a bit of it , and the economy has benefited from it .
The Solar Home System ( SHS ) dissemination programme in Bangladesh is considered to be one of the most successful of its kind in the world , bringing power to rural areas where grid electricity supply is neither available nor expected in the medium term .
Between January 2005 and July 2009 , nearly 350,000 SHSs have been installed in the country .
Supported by grants and soft loans from the World Bank , GTZ , KfW and the Asian Development Bank , installation rates have increased to a rate of more than 15,000 per month .
The Bangladesh programme is implemented on the ground by micro-finance institutions , known as Partner Organizations ( POs ) , which finance the SHSs through a loan scheme which involves a less than 10 % grant funding element ( see box panel ) .
The overall SHS initiative is organized and overseen by the Infrastructure Development Company Limited ( IDCOL ) .
This is in charge of overall project management and monitoring , defines the regulations for loan disbursement to the POs and sets the technical standards for SHS components and installations .
IDCOL holds monthly meetings with the POs and there is a continuous two - way process of feedback between them .
The authors of the study discussed here were selected as monitoring consultants for the SHS project ’s implementation , carrying out both technical monitoring of the systems themselves and financial assessment of the POs .
The technical performance of systems was monitored on a 1.5 % sample basis between June 2007 and August 2008 .
During this period around 100,000 SHSs were installed by the POs , co-financed by a € 16.5 million ( US $ 22.7 million ) contribution from KfW .
From a total of 1598 SHS inspected , only around 4 % of SHSs had serious technical problems .
In the case of the financial assessment , the results clearly showed weaknesses in the credit risk management of all POs and subsequently the consultants , in co-operation with IDCOL , introduced new risk management guidelines .
Tradition of Micro-Finance in Bangladesh
As micro-lending is an established tradition in Bangladesh , the programme was channelled through the micro-finance institutions selected as POs .
They are the key players in the initiative as they are responsible for technical installation and maintenance services , as well as for loan disbursement and collecting payment installments .
Many of the biggest micro-finace institutions in Bangladesh have established energy divisions that are involved in the SHS programme .
Grameen , for example , has intensively developed its energy division , called Grameen Shakti ( GS ) , during the last six years and is now responsible for two thirds of all installations under the SHS .
Second to GS comes the BRAC Foundation , part of BRAC which is the biggest NGO in the world .
In total 15 POs are registered under the IDCOL programme .
All have established a presence throughout the country , with some 855 field offices set up so far .
At least one manager / accountant and two technicians work full time in each office .
They also carry out the installation of the SHS and provide technical services .
GS has increased its installation rates significantly during the last few years from around 1000 SHSs in January 2005 to more than 8000 systems in July 2009 .
This level of increase was only possible through investments in new field offices , hiring and training of technicians and accountants and a strong management .
All POs are obliged to report their installation figures and financial details such as collection efficiency and overdue collection rates to IDCOL on a monthly basis .
This is designed to ensure that the programme is transparent in terms of PO performance at the headquarters level .
Technical and financial data from the PO field offices is collected in order to verify the figures .
IDCOL inspectors also carry out technical checks of the installed SHSs , and have targeted a 50 % inspection rate before loan disbursement to the POs .
Due to the POs ’ rapidly increasing installation rates , IDCOL has increased its inspection staff to keep pace .
The performance of the POs is quite diverse .
The three leading POs account for more than 85 % of all installations under the scheme .
Some others work only in specific areas of the country .
One PO , for example , concentrates on the Chittagong Hills area , where population density is low and political unrest much higher than in other parts of Bangladesh .
In general , the high population density of more than 1000 inhabitants per km2 is favourable for the solar programme .
Once a PO has established an office in a village , customer accessibility is very good and travel time and costs for customer visits are low .
This allows POs to guarantee a 24 - hour maximum reaction time to investigate user complaints .
Technical Monitoring Finds Few Serious Issues
The SHSs implemented under this programme have a rated module power of between 30 and 130 W , with 50 W the most common .
Up to July 2009 , 337,000 SHSs with a total capacity of around 16 MW had been installed .
Since the country does not have a local module manufacturer they are imported , mainly from Japanese company Kyocera .
The SHS batteries are lead - acid batteries .
Due to the high import tax ( 37.5 % for sealed lead - acid batteries ) all are sourced locally .
The main supplier is Rahimafrooz , which accounts for at least two thirds of all deliveries .
Charge controllers are also manufactured locally by assembling prefabricated kits imported from Indonesia - based Sundaya and STECA of Germany .
The SHSs are delivered together with three or four compact fluorescent light bulbs , which are sourced both locally and internationally .
IDCOL has defined technical standards for the system design and publishes a list of eligible components .
Households use the lights in their cooking area and in their courtyard working spaces .
Some customers use the systems to power their radios and small 12 V televisions and almost all use them to charge their mobile phones .
Information is currently not available regarding any income generated by households using SHS , as this was not included in the monitoring service .
However , owners of small enterprises in Bangladesh often use SHS to light their shops or restaurants , which they report increases their income .
The monitoring consultants inspected 1.5 % of all newly - installed systems during the period of the study , or around 100 SHSs per month .
The systems were randomly selected and proportional to the POs and geographical distribution .
Three categories of problems were defined for the inspections process .
The first covered negligible inefficiencies , such as shading or the wrong installation angle of the solar module , which could be corrected locally .
The second problem area was defined as deficiencies needing attention , for example the use of inferior quality wire or components that do not meet the technical standards in place .
The third category covered installation defects that could potentially damage the system or reduce its lifetime .
Only 60 out of the 1598 inspected SHSs , or 4 % , showed installation defects requiring immediate reparis to prevent damage to the system .
The main problem in this category was damage to , or bypassing of , the charge controller .
The percentage of problems remained stable during the monitoring period , which shows that the increased number of installations did not affect the quality of work .
This indicates that technician training facilitated by IDCOL and the POs provided sufficient technical skills to newly - employed technicians .
The consultants found a moderate 27 % of SHSs with inferior installation quality , such as the use of excessively long or low quality cables not up to IDCOL standards , or bad wiring .
Most of the inspected systems ( 69 % ) showed no problems at all or only negligible inefficiencies .
Financial Audit Shows Some Cause for Alarm
The collection performance of all POs was analyzed by the monitoring team throughout the period of the study and 127 out of the total of 855 field offices ( nearly 15 % ) were visited .
PO field offices are responsible for customer selection and registration and the collection of down payments and monthly installments .
The offices report their monthly figures to the PO headquarters in Dhaka .
These figures include the number of newly installed SHS and statistics covering the actual and overall due installment collection efficiency .
In general , PO field office staff carry cash once or twice a day to the nearest bank to ensure the safety of the funds .
SHS customers can opt for a 24 or 36 - month loan period , and to date , most have chosen the latter .
The POs provide loans with a 6 % interest flat rate , with the SHS itself treated as collateral .
Refinancing of the programme is made possible via eight to 10 - year soft loans from IDCOL to the individual POs .
IDCOL receives this fund from the government of Bangladesh , which has itself received soft loans from the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank with very long tenors .
The results of the PO assessments showed a huge discrepancy between the sample audits in the field offices and the collection efficiency reported by the POs to IDCOL .
On average , up until mid-2008 , collection efficiency was reported as above 95 % for all POs .
The efficiency found at the field offices visited , however , was far below this percentage – sometimes below 50 % .
To quantify the findings , the researchers introduced an instrument to measure the risk involved in the loan portfolio .
The delinquency rate is an early warning sign of the credit risk implicit in the loan portfolio .
It is defined as the number of loans with delinquent payments , divided by the number of loans held in a portfolio .
The correlation between delinquency rate and collection efficiency should be such that low delinquency rates correlate with high efficiencies and vice versa .
There were , however , huge divergences between delinquency and collection rate .
Some data cannot be correct , for example high collection efficiency and high delinquency rates reported for the same field office .
We assume that incoming payments from new customers for the first installment were not clearly separated in the books from overdue payments from existing clients who were in arrears .
In any case , the data was alarming .
In response , IDCOL and the consultants introduced a Credit Risk Management Guideline to the POs , and IDCOL inspectors began measuring the portfolios at risk ( PAR30 ) on a sample basis .
( PAR30 refers to a delinquency of 30 days . )
If a monthly PAR30 figure is below a certain threshold , POs must then undertake immediate measures to improve the delinquency rates .
The study ’s conclusion was that the SHS dissemination programme in Bangladesh is being successfully implemented .
Although monitoring found that only around 4 % of SHSs had more serious technical problems which had to be adjusted by the POs after detection , the authors recommended technician training , monitoring of SHS over the lifetime of the batteries and statistical evaluation on productive usage of SHS .
Concerning financial monitoring , the study found divergences in the collection efficiency between field offices and headquarters .
Together with IDCOL , the authors introduced risk management guidelines at the POs and recommended more focus on credit risk management , especially regarding customer assessment and overdue installment collection .
They also highlighted additional savings or credit opportunities from POs for customers to pay for battery replacements .
The future looks promising for the SHS programme , as The World Bank has recently allocated additional credit funds to it and , with a reallocation of the KfW funds , a joint financing of 300,000 additional SHSs by 2012 has been agreed .
Technical and financial monitoring will continue , now that the project has increased in scope .
Rafael Wiese is head of the consulting department at PSE AG , Germany , and was assisted in this research by Volker Schacht , PSE AG , Germany ; Dr Stefan Drenkard and Michael Steidl DECON GmbH , Germany ; Asma Haque , Prokaushali Sangsad Limited , Bangladesh ; and , Winfried Klinghammer , Projekt - Consult GmbH , Germany .
e -mail : [ email protected ]
After failing to shut down
The Pirate Bay , the movie industry in The Netherlands has been trying to find other ways of limiting access to the site .
Earlier they began threatening an ISP with court action unless it blocked access to the site .
Now one of the ISP 's rivals is joining the fight against anti-piracy group BREIN in the hope of avoiding an undemocratic precedent .
Earlier this year , Torrent Freak exclusively revealed that in yet another attempt to cause damage to The Pirate Bay , Dutch anti-piracy group BREIN had begun threatening an ISP .
Ziggo is the largest cable Internet provider in The Netherlands and in 2009 generated nearly 1.3 billion euros in revenue from 7.2 million Internet , TV and telephone customers .
In April BREIN demanded that it stop providing customer access to The Pirate Bay via a DNS and IP address block .
Non-compliance would result in legal action under Article 6:162 of the Dutch Civil Code .
Ziggo , however , refused to comply .
“ There is no legal basis for this request , ” said the company in an announcement .
“ We are just a conduit .
We provide people access to the Internet and have nothing to do with that website .
Moreover , we favor public Internet . ”
Now it appears that Ziggo is receiving support in its fight from one of its competitors .
ISP XS4ALL will join its rival in fighting the proceedings brought by BREIN .
XS4ALL says that it is against censorship and is intervening in the hope that they can help avoid a legal precedent which could have negative implications for the basic principles of the Internet .
The company argues that if the case was lost , the ruling could have far - reaching consequences for both ISPs and Internet users .
While ISPs can be held responsible for material held on their own servers , generally they cannot be held responsible for the content of traffic generated by others .
“ The basic principle of the Internet is that ISPs pass on traffic to their customers unfiltered , they are merely a gateway , ” says Niels Huijbregts , spokesman for XS4ALL .
“ The Pirate Bay website is not hosted on a Ziggo server , so Ziggo ca n’t be held responsible for restricting access to the website .
BREIN is targeting the wrong people . ”
Tim Kuik , the boss of BREIN , sees things quite differently .
“ This is not about censorship but about the basic principles of law which we live by , ” he explained .
“ Democracy only works if we follow the rules , something the illegal Pirate Bay fundamentally does not .
The law also states that there is no right of access to illegal websites .
That is something that Ziggo and XS4ALL have overlooked . ”
Christiaan Alberdingk , XS4ALL ’s lawyer and partner at SOLV law firm is clear on what the ISPs are trying to avoid when the case goes to court in The Hague on June 28 .
“ When we start shutting down sites foreign sites in The Netherlands , that is a disproportionate restriction on our freedom to gather information .
That does not fit into a democratic country like ours . ”
LOS ANGELES --
The focus of the hockey world was in Los Angeles this weekend , and it may yet again come on Thursday when the NHL 's free - agent market opens .
Sources confirmed to ESPN.com yet again on Saturday that the Kings will make an offer to the prized jewel of a thin market , star winger Ilya Kovalchuk .
They tried to acquire his rights this weekend from New Jersey , but were denied since the Devils remain interested in trying to re-sign the Russian star .
On the back end , Los Angeles also has eyes on a top - four defenseman , and if Dan Hamhuis does n't sign with the Pittsburgh Penguins , the Kings will take a look at him .
The Kings also like Maple Leafs defenseman Tomas Kaberle , but do n't have a fit with Toronto because the Leafs want a top - six forward in return ( there were rumblings of Toronto being interested in Stars center Mike Ribeiro ) .
That does n't make sense for a Kings team looking to add a top - six forward , not get rid of one .
Either way , expect the Kings to be in the thick of things come Thursday as the team attempts to add the final pieces to a rising Western Conference powerhouse .
Martin and Kaberle talks
While the Devils continue to talk to Kovalchuk 's camp , the same holds true with top defenseman Paul Martin , an unrestricted free agent who is looking more and more headed for the market .
" We 'll do everything we possibly can , " Devils GM Lou Lamoriello told ESPN.com on Saturday when asked about Martin .
If he loses Martin , he 'll need to replace him .
Just a thought , but Sergei Gonchar could be an attractive possibility .
So would Kaberle .
The latter remained on the Maple Leafs as the draft came and went since Toronto did n't receive the kind of offers it wanted .
But there is still plenty of time .
" It may come to [ moving him ] after July 1 , but we 'll continue to listen between now and then , " Leafs GM Brian Burke told ESPN.com before exiting the Staples Center .
In some ways , it might make more sense to wait until after the market opens .
Once Martin , Hamhuis , Gonchar , Anton Volchenkov and Zbynek Michalek all sign contracts , there will be teams that struck out on those guys and need to fill a top - four hole .
Sharks signings ; Nabokov update
The San Jose Sharks continued to take care of business on Saturday , re-signing defenseman Niclas Wallin and center Scott Nichol to one - year deals just a few days after locking up Joe Pavelski and Patrick Marleau
Wallin , who would have been UFA , will get $ 2.5 million next season and may see an increased role with the retirement of Rob Blake .
Now , the Sharks ' No. 1 order of business is to find a new starting goalie after deciding not to bring back Evgeni Nabokov .
He 's UFA , although we are told the Sharks have given permission to Philadelphia to speak with Nabokov 's agent , Don Meehan .
The Sharks would get some form of compensation if the Flyers succeed in signing the veteran Russian netminder .
Savard and Boston
Marc Savard remained with Boston through the weekend .
Rumors of his imminent trade were greatly exaggerated .
A Bruins source said that no trade was imminent , although he did confirm that there had been talks with other teams concerning Savard , who has become available because the team obtained a natural center in franchise draft pick Tyler Seguin on Friday night .
The No. 2 overall pick creates a glut at center with Patrice Bergeron and David Krejci ; but if Savard is n't moved , Seguin can be moved to the wing .
Somewhat complicating matters is that Savard has a limited no - trade clause that goes into effect on Thursday ( he has a list of only five teams he can be moved to ) .
The Bruins source said they would continue to talk to teams , but insisted they are fine under the salary cap if they end up keeping him .
As the Hamhuis talks turn
Pittsburgh GM Ray Shero is hoping to talk to Hamhuis in the next day or so .
He also spoke briefly with Hamhuis ' agent , Wade Arnott , as Shero tries to work out a deal to sign the longtime Nashville Predators ' rearguard .
" I expect I 'll talk to him tonight to say hello and set something up for the next day or so and get into it and see if there 's a fit for either of us and go from there , " Shero said .
Shero sent a third - round pick in next year 's draft to Philadelphia for the rights to deal exclusively with Hamhuis before the start of the free - agency period .
" We 're going to take a real good stab , because if we can add him , I think he can really improve our hockey team , " Shero said .
Interestingly , when Philadelphia GM Paul Holmgren was asked about Hamhuis , he said he would n't rule out taking a run at him on July 1 even though there was no movement on a deal when the Flyers had exclusive bargaining rights ( Holmgren had earlier sent defenseman Ryan Parent to Nashville , Hamhuis ' only NHL club , to obtain those rights ) .
It remains to be seen whether Hamhuis hits the market or not .
Coyotes talks
The Phoenix Coyotes are hoping Michalek never hits the market , but time is running out to get him re-signed .
" He 's certainly the most important [ free agent ] for us , " Coyotes GM Don Maloney told ESPN.com .
" He 's part of our culture and our mix and we feel like we grew up with him .
But it 's like anything else , there 's comes a point where you might have to walk away ... we 'll see . "
Maloney also has top -six forwards Matthew Lombardi and Lee Stempniak , as well as defenseman Derek Morris , who are set to become UFAs Thursday .
He 's re-signed Scottie Upshall ( RFA ) and Adrian Aucoin ( UFA ) , and is very close to re-signing Wojtek Wolski ( RFA ) .
" I would say I was a lot more optimistic a month ago than I am now , " Maloney said .
" And yet , it 's not without hope .
We 're still going to grind it out this week to see ... we 're looking for the blue - plate family special .
I think all the players we have want to stay , it 's just , at what discount ?
We can't pay market [ value ] .
That 's what it comes down to and they know it , they accept it .
So is there a way to structure something that both sides can live with ?
Honestly , right now , I 'm not sure . "
Sabres and their D
The Buffalo Sabres are in a similar position with a pair of blueliners , Henrik Tallinder and Toni Lydman , who are both set to become UFA .
" With the cap going up , I think the expectation [ from players and agents ] is that there 's money out there , and in some cases there will be , " Sabres GM Darcy Regier told ESPN.com on Saturday .
" [ It ] has kind of interfered with getting deals done .
So , we 'll keep working on it , but I have a feeling that one or both [ Tallinder and Lydman ] may go to the line .
We 'd certainly like to get at least one of them back . "
Tallinder is an underrated defenseman who might be a sneaky pickup on the open market for teams who missed out on the bigger names .
It was quiet this weekend , but there was plenty of talk .
Look for more activity over the next two weeks .
Introduction
Practical Music Search is an open source client for the Music Player Daemon , written in C++ and ncurses .
The target audience are power users who need an MPD client that is highly configurable .
PMS features a simple but powerful interface similar to Vim , and runs on ( at least ) Linux , FreeBSD and Mac OS X .
Features
WASHINGTON -- Fighting homegrown terrorism by monitoring Internet communications is a civil liberties trade - off the U.S. government must make to beef up national security , the nation 's homeland security chief said Friday .
As terrorists increasingly recruit U.S. citizens , the government needs to constantly balance Americans ' civil rights and privacy with the need to keep people safe , said Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
But finding that balance has become more complex as homegrown terrorists have used the Internet to reach out to extremists abroad for inspiration and training .
Those contacts have spurred a recent rash of U.S. - based terror plots and incidents .
" The First Amendment protects radical opinions , but we need the legal tools to do things like monitor the recruitment of terrorists via the Internet , " Napolitano told a gathering of the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy .
Napolitano 's comments suggest an effort by the Obama administration to reach out to its more liberal , Democratic constituencies to assuage fears that terrorist worries will lead to the erosion of civil rights .
The administration has faced a number of civil liberties and privacy challenges in recent months as it has tried to increase airport security by adding full - body scanners , or track suspected terrorists traveling into the United States from other countries .
" Her speech is sign of the maturing of the administration on this issue , " said Stewart Baker , former undersecretary for policy with the Department of Homeland Security .
" They now appreciate the risks and the trade - offs much more clearly than when they first arrived , and to their credit , they 've adjusted their preconceptions . "
Underscoring her comments are a number of recent terror attacks over the past year where legal U.S. residents such as Times Square bombing suspect Faisal Shahzad and accused Fort Hood , Texas , shooter Maj .
Nidal Hasan , are believed to have been inspired by the Internet postings of violent Islamic extremists .
And the fact that these are U.S. citizens or legal residents raises many legal and constitutional questions .
Napolitano said it is wrong to believe that if security is embraced , liberty is sacrificed .
She added , " We can significantly advance security without having a deleterious impact on individual rights in most instances .
At the same time , there are situations where trade - offs are inevitable . "
As an example , she noted the struggle to use full - body scanners at airports caused worries that they would invade people 's privacy .
The scanners are useful in identifying explosives or other nonmetal weapons that ordinary metal - detectors might miss -- such as the explosives that authorities said were successfully brought on board the Detroit - bound airliner on Christmas Day by Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
He is accused of trying to detonate a bomb hidden in his underwear , but the explosives failed , and only burned Abdulmutallab .
U.S. officials , said Napolitano , have worked to institute a number of restrictions on the scanners ' use in order to minimize that .
The scans cannot be saved or stored on the machines by the operator , and Transportation Security Agency workers can't have phones or cameras that could capture the scan when near the machine .
One can only assume that Sarah Palin ’s Alaska on TLC will involve the former governor pushing pregnant moose down a flight of stairs , slitting the throats of brown bear cubs with a javalin while racing a snow mobile and clubbing baby Eskimos .
Their precious pelts are worth their weight in endangered whale blubber at the trading outpost .
If you are a Juggalo sympathizer of some sort or your tea bag swings to the extremely far right and this comic offends you , please address all concerns to Randy since he inspired this comic over dinner ( and via twitter ) .
C2E2 is THIS WEEKEND !!!
April 16-18
If you are going to be in Chicago , come say hi !
It seems like this has been a banner week for enemies of science , champions of ignorance and the glorification of all around , good old - fashioned dullardry .
I actually think Palin fits right in with ICP .
Much like her Juggalo kindred [ and the ancient Aztecs ] she does n’t know how the sun works , does n’t want to know and is pretty sure she should fear it and sacrifice a few of her brood to insure a bountiful harvest .
If we can learn anything from the “ Juggalin ” or “ Paliggalo ” philosophies , it ’s that scientists are “ snake oil salesman ” and “ mother fuckers ” that be “ lyin ’ and gettin ’ me pissed “ .
At least we can all agree that nothing in this world or beyond can be explained without magic .
To attempt to fathom how rainbows are made , why our kids look like us , or how dirt is dirt is to question the will of the divine and drive a stake into the heart of all those that believe in miracles .
Check out this new “ Battlestar Galactica / United Nations So Say We All ” T - Shirt I made for Olmos Productions , Inc .
Do n’t Forget !
[ Edward shirts now at Topatoco ! ]
Posted : May 14th , 2010 by : h2
This may or may not be the story ROCKMAN referred to ( read down a bit for the quotes I included towards the end of the posting ) in the current oildrum Deep Horizon blowout thread .
AlanfromBigEasy on May 14 , 2010 – 3:06 pm Permalink | Subthread | Comments top Story circulating in New Orleans
With appropriate caveats : BP contracted Schlumberger ( SLB ) to run the Cement Bond Log ( CBL ) test that was the final test on the plug that was skipped .
The people testifying have been very coy about mentioning this , and you ’ll see why .
SLB is an extremely highly regarded ( and incredibly expensive ) service company .
They place a high standard on safety and train their workers to shut down unsafe operations .
SLB gets out to the Deepwater Horizon to run the CBL , and they find the well still
kicking heavily , which it should not be that late in the operation .
SLB orders the
“ company man ” ( BP ’s man on the scene that runs the operation ) to dump kill fluid down the well and shut - in the well .
The company man refuses .
SLB in the very next sentence asks for a helo to take all SLB personel back to shore .
The company man says there are no more helo ’s scheduled for the rest of the week ( translation : you ’re here to do a job , now do it ) .
SLB gets on the horn to shore , calls SLB ’s corporate HQ , and gets a helo flown out there at SLB ’s expense and takes all SLB personel to shore .
6 hours later , the platform explodes .
Pick your jaw up off the floor now .
No CBL was run after the pressure tests because the
contractor high - tailed it out of there .
If this story is true , the company man ( who
survived ) should go to jail for 11 counts of negligent homicide .
Alan
….
AlanfromBigEasy on May 14 , 2010 – 8:01 pm Permalink | Subthread | Parent | [ Parent subthread ]
Comments top
This story did come from within the industry .
I agreed to keep the source (s ) confidential .
Alan
This is almost exactly what ROCKMAN was hinting out , and he further noted these guys wo n’t say this in public now for fear of legal reprisals , but they certainly will say it under oath .
If true , things are going to be very very bad for BP , since that makes this event not only avoidable , but deliberately done almost , at least the decision to not stop , if this report is true , was deliberate .
Keep in mind that BP was celebrating the completion with high ups at the day the blowout happened , which would give credence to the idea of the BP supervisor not wanting to stop the well just when the top brass were on the rig .
Human all too human indeed …
ROCKMAN has been hinting that the causes here were human error all along , but he since his sources I assume are company insiders , he ca n’t say more .
But this might be the explanation …
ROCKMAN on May 14 , 2010 – 8:49 pm Permalink | Subthread | Parent | [ Parent subthread ]
Comments top
The “ ordered the company ” is the one part that does n’t fit at all .
No matter the disagreement a subcontractor will never order a coman to do anything .
He might refuse an order or he might tell the coman to go screw himself .
I seen and done both .
But never gave one an order .
Perhaps it was a misinterpretation .
Perhaps the SLB gave the coman an ultimatum .
That I ’ve seen first hand a number of times .
But soon we ’ll be able to judge the validity of this story .
Now that the MSM has the smell of blood we should be seeing SLB in the spot light very soon .
They ’ll have to respond in some form .
Any form of confirmation will be solid gold proof IMHO .
An absolute and clear denial would offer the same .
SLB would never cover - up such an event .
NEVER for a variety of reasons .
A “ no comment ” will be subject to interpretation but could make me assume some level of truth to the story
As I responded to another TODer I consider the story 100 % true or an absolute lie .
No room for anything in between IMHO .
[ [ Update ] ]
Part of this story has now been confirmed , that is , Schlumberger was on the Rig but was sent back 11 hours before it blew .
However , this is still early in the information phase , and as nola notes :
BP spokesmen did not respond to repeated requests for comment on the decision to send Schlumberger home without conducting a cement bond log or on the cementing schematic Probert gave the Senate committee .
And Halliburton did n’t respond to questions about the accuracy of Probert ’s diagram .
Since the original story was probably either partly untrue , totally true , or partly true , we ’ll have to wait a bit more to get the actual details .
One thing however worth noting , ROCKMAN when discussing a rumor he ’d heard but would not himself reveal , stated that it was unlikely you ’d hear the truth until the actual parties were under oath , in court , for what should hopefully be somewhat obvious reasons .
So keep a watch on this one , but really , the 60 minutes expose on BP safety , or rather lack of safety , practices , is in a sense all you really need .
This Schlumberger story , while interesting , is just a side - note , though I admit to wondering about it , it has a ring of truth to my ears , and I think the guy who leaked it was told it by an insider , with much better information than this new story of May 19 .
We shall see .
Overall it ’s not looking very good for BP legally though .
Hopefully the top kill will work this Sunday , this blowout is too severe to engage in any type of schadenfreude , this is a significant part of the planet ’s ecosystem under attack by our insatiable desire for more consumption , more people , more driving , at any price … sad really to watch as a world sucks itself dry in a desperate attempt to achieve … what exactly ?
In Belarus they use planes with ellipse wings .
They say it has a few benefits comparing to the simple one or double winged planes , like the wing can be less in size , it ’s more firm because the ellipse form is self sustaining , also there are now air vortexes by the sides of the wings which gives up to 30 % increase in power compared to the traditional planes .
Some Russian users say this planes could suit well futurustic pictures of 60s .
Or could have a Mobius styled wings too .
via vsr.mil.by
Packaging :
For $ 1 you should n’t be expecting much in the way of packaging .
There ’s not much here .
To put this into perspective though , the baggy with a card header is often what high end collector vinyls come in .
So can you really dismiss this as a crap package ?
The figures inside are n’t protected much , but the baggy is of a decent quality .
It ’s that hard rubbery feel .
The header card is n’t much but it does have some flames and a couple of fire fighter logos on it .
It also says 5.5 ″ on it pretty big .
That ’s literally like .5 of an inch , not like 5 and 1/2 inches .
Sculpt :
I immediately noticed these guys had some charm to them in the store .
The sculpts reminded me of those old green army men figures .
Once I got them home and looked at them a little closer though , I was even more impressed .
Make no mistake , these are n’t like Four Horsemen sculpts or anything , but the sculpts are actually pretty good .
You can tell someone actually spent some time sculpting these toys .
I like to imagine a little old toymaker who looks like Gepetto making them .
I ’m sure that ’s not the case , but it ’s fun to dream .
Look at the little subtle leather details on the belt , pretty impressive .
Surprisingly each figure has a different sculpt .
Not a DCUC style different sculpt either , I mean a whole different sculpt .
Heck , four figures in and this line almost has as many unique parts as Masters of the Universe Classics !
( That ’s a joke , settle down ! )
The first guy appears to be a fire chief , while this one seems more like the guy who would go in and risk his life to save you .
I ’ll call him Tommy Gavin .
The next guy is pretty clearly an army figure in my estimation , but he can pass for a fire fighter as well .
He ’s got a bunch of rope around his shoulder , so clearly I have no choice but to name him , Alpine .
This guy also seems a bit like a repurposed army man , but he might be a police officer as well .
Thus I will dub him , Eugene Tackleberry .
Even though these two are n’t as clearly Firemen , they work well enough in this set .
All feature small sculpted details and a decent , enduring , although not perfect sculpt overall .
There is n’t a single shred of paint on these guys .
Of course if you ’ve ever seen some of the paint on some of these , perhaps they ’re better off for it ?
What if perhaps this was a stylistic choice instead of a result of the factory being cheap ?
It is possible after all , the solid coloring is what makes them seem like the old green army men .
I ’m conflicted .
Of course it ’s not all sunshine and roses , there are some pretty nasty mold holes on the backs of each figure .
Some of there torsos have gaps and there are some minor mold lines throughout .
Lest we forget that these guys are n’t works of art .
Articulation :
Often when you see a toy at the dollar store , it wo n’t have much in the way of articulation .
They tend to be more like poor McDonald Happy Meal toys .
Not so much with these guys .
These guys only have the big five :
Cut arms , cut legs and a cut neck .
That ’s certainly not great articulation , but that ’s always my main need in a figure .
I feel every toy action figure must at LEAST have the big five .
These guys have as much articulation as a JLU figure and better sculpting in many respects .
It ’s kid of depressing .
Also note that whoever designed these guys , made their elbows and knees just slightly bent .
That ’s a sign of a great design , because all figures who only have this sort of articulation look more natural when posed if they have a slight bend in their elbows or knees .
Accessories :
Accessories are a mixed bag …
Pun intended .
See I bought two bags of these guys .
One pack came with four weapons .
The other pack came with a figure with a disconnected leg and all the weapons you see below .
It was worth it to me to get the package with the bum leg for the extra weapons .
Each package contains at least four weapons or so , but many contain a lot more .
We can rebuild him .
The four weapons are a saw , a hammer , a axe and a fire hose gun .
Surprisingly they all work well and fit into the characters hands .
Again , I know of many major toy lines that ca n’t even get their figures to hold their weapons , so the fact that these do is amazing .
Value :
So let me get this straight , you get a fully articulated figure with a decent sculpt and weapons for essentially a .
25 ?
Because a four pack costs $ 1 .
How can this not be a great value ?
If I was a poorer fellow than I am , I could see buying this kind of toy for my kid .
Think of it this way , if you spent $ 10 on these guys you could give your kid FORTY figures .
Sorry but in this economy , paint aps be damned , that ’s a great value .
Score Recap
Packaging – 3 Sculpting – 7Articulation – 6 Accessories – Hammer , Saw , Axe , Hose GunValue – 10
Look , I bought these guys to make fun of them .
When I got them in my hands , I realized these were n’t bad toys at all .
I ca n’t even really call them misguided toys , because these toys were distributed for the dollar store market .
So I have to judge them based on the other toys in the Dollar Stores .
On that basis I ’m inclined to give them a 10 out of 10 !
I mean , I got four cool little figures for $ 1 !
You could paint these guys and make them look better if you were so inclined .
That said , they do have few minor flaws throughout .
One of the figures has his leg off , even though it can easily be fixed .
So I ’m docking the points in the appropriate areas and then rounding them off to a full 8 score .
That ’s a very high score and maybe I ’m insane for doing it , but I just ca n’t get past the value on these guys .
A QUARTER A PIECE ?!
You can barely get a bubble gum ball for a quarter nowadays .
Multinational chocolate maker Cadbury has been told it does not " own " the colour purple , as its attempt to sue a rival was rejected by Australia 's Federal Court .
The company , which uses a dark shade of purple in its global marketing effort , launched legal action in 2003 in a bid to sue Australian - based confectioner Darrell Lea over its use of similar colours .
Cadbury had objected to Darrell Lea 's use of various shades of purple in Darrell Lea 's store signage , uniforms and product packaging .
" Does this grocery store make me look fat ? "
You may ask yourself that question after reading a recent study from the University of Washington , which found that the more upscale the grocery store , the fewer overweight shoppers it has .
An analysis of Seattle - area shoppers between December 2008 and March 2009 found that only 4 % of Whole Foods Market ( Nasdaq : WFMI ) patrons were obese .
At the bottom of the list were stores where cheap food is in abundance : Kroger ( NYSE : KR ) - owned Fred Meyer at 22 % , Safeway ( NYSE : SWY ) at 24 % , and Albertsons tipping the scales at 38 % .
The takeaway ?
Poverty correlates with obesity .
As researcher Adam Drewnowski states , it 's cheaper to eat ready - made , calorie - dense foods than it is to eat nutritious , high - quality fare .
According to MSNBC :
It 's not a matter of availability , Drewnowski said .
All of the stores in his study stocked a wide range of nutritious food , including plenty of fruits and vegetables .
Instead , he contends it 's because healthy , low - calorie foods cost more money and take more effort to prepare than processed , high - calorie foods .
In a separate study two years ago , Drewnowski estimated that a calorie - dense diet cost $ 3.52 a day compared with $ 36.32 a day for a low - calorie diet .
What 's your take ?
Is your waistline correlated with your wallet , or is there more to the story ?
Weigh in below with your comments .
Mark
Twain once wrote , “ Age is an issue of mind over matter .
If you do n’t mind , it does n’t matter . ”
I like that .
But get real .
In a culture preoccupied with youth and beauty , why has there been a 114 percent increase in the number of cosmetic surgeries performed since 1997 ?
How do women escape the judgment conferred on them every time they open a magazine , get online , or turns on the tube ?
How does she silence the menacing messages she sends herself when a new gray hair is found , or her crow ’s feet grow an inch longer ?
Very deliberately and carefully say Vivian Diller , Ph.D and Jill Muir - Sukenick , Ph.D , both professional models turned psychologists , in their new book , “ Face It : What Women Really Feel as Their Looks Change . ”
The authors propose a six - step process to deal with this kind of anxiety that is prevalent but not often discussed among middle - aged women .
Step one : Confront our changing looks .
Diller and Muir - Sukenick call them “ uh oh ” moments : when you notice your first wrinkles , smile lines , graying and thinning hair , darkening circles below the eyes , varicose veins , brown spots on hands and face , loss of muscle tone , hanging skin on arms or neck , and hot flashes .
I ’ve experienced many “ uh oh ” moments recently , but the one that comes to mind is last summer , when a friend of mine said to me about another friend , “ She ’s our age … you know , late 40s . ”
I was , at that time , late 30s and stopped by the drug store to pick up some moisturizing cream , which I have used a total of two times .
Step two : Identify our masks .
Not the ones we are supposed to be wearing at night to stay wrinkled - free and pretty .
Diller and Muir - Sukenick mean the ways we hide from or avoid our fears by layers of protection that , in reality , make us look ridiculous .
Like , for example , deciding to wear our daughters ’ clothes to work–in order to prove to ourselves that we , too , can wear a size six , and that our body looks like an 18 - year - old’s .
That kind of denial covers up the shame , embarrassment , and anxiety we feel as we age .
But the problem with wearing masks ?
Say Diller and Muir - Sukenick : “ Clinging to an illusion of physical youth often leads to reliance on the approval of others to validate that illusion .
Women ’s sense of beauty is then too dependent on external sources , rather than an internal experience . ”
Step three : Listen to our inner dialogues .
We give ourselves so many memos throughout the day that it is difficult to keep track .
One day I did , and realize I had delivered over 5,000 nasty grams to myself in one 24 - hour period .
Just as a mask covers up our insecurity , our internal dialogue exposes it .
It ’s an ongoing conversation within us that we are , most of the time , oblivious to .
But the rest of the body hears the dialog and registers the message :
You ’re old , fat , ugly , and useless .
So we have to pay attention to these blabbers and catch them after they hurl a bunch of toxic stuff into our nervous system .
One way that I like to turn out the toxic talk is by envisioning that I am having a conversation with a friend instead .
I would never insult her that way .
So I should honor the same manners with myself .
Step four :
Go back in time .
Here comes the part where you get to blame your mother .
Not really .
But it helpful to know where your self - image is coming from , because only then can we redesign it based on what we know about ourselves .
Write Diller and Muir - Sukenick : “ As adults , our psychological reservoirs are ours to fill ….
Instead of feeling a loss of control as we get older , we in fact have increased opportunities to fill our reservoir with responses that can now come from our own selves and from people we choose to have in our lives . ”
Step five : Consider our adolescence .
No !
You might say .
I buried those scars long ago .
For Pete ’s sake , leave them alone !
At least that ’s how I feel .
Because I was an ugly 8th - grader with bad acne and a popular twin sister invited to all the parties .
But I do think this is an important step , because , as the authors suggest , there are parallels between gray - hair anxiety and the awkwardness we went through as adolescents .
In addition to my unpopular , acne - ridden self , I forgot that it was at this point that my dad left my mom , who was about 40 then , and married a woman who was 17 years his junior .
No wonder why I ’m a tad shaky about turning 40 .
Step six :
Get a face lift .
Kidding !
It ’s actually to let go .
To mourn the youthful part of ourselves that is embedded into our memories .
Viewing the aging process this way is helpful for me–because instead panicking and coloring every gray hair , I can look at the silver dandruff as an invitation to a new wiser , mature , but just as fun self .
Several of the women quoted by Diller and Muir - Sukenick said that they associated beauty with the time that they were most happiest–and that was n’t necessarily their younger years .
I can relate to that because I am much more gentle with myself now , know myself much better , and can be a friend to myself in ways that would n’t have made sense in my 20s .
In her book , “ Motherless Daughters , ” Hope Edelman writes , “ Loss is our legacy .
Insight is our gift .
Memory is our guide . ”
It ’s a bout coming up with a new meaning of beauty , a new definition of “ youthful , ” one that , perhaps , does n’t require a plastic surgeon , but just a lot of raw and candid self - exploration and acceptance .
Face It : 6 Steps to Help Women Deal with Aging
Have a Pork Soda with Primus in 2021 !
Primus are paying tribute to one of their biggest influences with their latest tour a 46 - date trek that will have them performing the Rush album A Farewell to Kings at venues all across North America !
Les Claypool and company are coming to a stage near you as part of their hotly anticipated trek , so now 's your chance to hear them performing many of the songs that inspired the group 's highly idiosyncratic music .
Not only that , but because this website will automatically update to reflect the latest available info , it 's a great resource for fans hoping to beat the competition to the best seats at the hottest concerts .
" We 're trying to be very sensitive about doing the tour and not having it be , ' Hey , all about Neil , ' " bassist and singer Claypool said when he announced the tour shortly after Peart 's passing .
" It 's about admiration for these amazing musicians and friends . "
A virtuosic trio with oddball influences , held together over decades by their shared passions and the strength of their friendship ... we 're starting to see a pattern here !
Check out the Primus
Tour schedule below to learn more about this very special show and how you can catch it live at a venue near you , and get your tickets right away .
The longer you wait , the less chance you 'll have to score the best sets at the lowest prices !
英雄联盟游戏竞 猜S10外围 PS Now游戏阵容更 新 德军总部/古墓丽影/控制领衔！
83nN1jxL “ 平时外出吃饭点菜时会比较理性，会考虑是不是能吃完，适量点菜。”在南阳六六顺酒楼就餐的汤女士表示，现在和家人朋友聚餐后，遇到点多或者部分菜品不曾吃过的情况，她会喊服务员帮忙打包带走。85J0
FOGU 首先，统一编制了政务服务事项标准化工作流程和办事指南，明确事项办理条件、环节、时限、收费标准、联系方式、投诉渠道等内容，并向社会公开，对于同一办理事项公开内容不一致的，按照便利市场主体的原则办理。gSdM
hJK0 据中纪委国家监委客户端报道，仅7月份就至少有19名公安系统干部涉嫌严重违纪违法被查，其中包括3名副厅级官员，涉及全国多个省份。jEBQDiIg
meRp 第七条 省级教育部门落实国家关于高校教材建设和管理的政策，指导和统筹本地区高校教材工作，明确教材管理的专门机构和人员，建立健全教材管理相应工作机制，加强对所属高校教材工作的检查监督。Rp5W
L2 cS 春节前，预计全国热门人口迁出城市集中在京津冀、长三角和珠三角地区，深圳、上海、北京位列前3位。此外，郑州以及成都，也位列热门人口迁出城市TOP10。aq25
3ulQ （二）在本学科专业有深入研究、较高的造诣，或是全国知名专家、学术领军人物，有在相关教材或教学方面取得有影响的研究成果，熟悉相关行业发展前沿知识与技术，有丰富的教材编写经验。一般应具有高级专业技术职务，新兴专业、行业紧缺技术人才、能工巧匠可适当放宽要求。u164
可以看出，龚道安早年间的简历中，籍贯写的都是湖北公安县，直到后来才改为与公安接壤、但分属两省的湖南澧县，其中缘由不得而知。
7ksq 第三十条 出现以下情形之一的，教材须停止使用，视情节轻重和所造成的影响，由上级或同级主管部门给予通报批评、责令停止违规行为，并由主管部门按规定对相关责任人给予相应处分。对情节严重的单位和个人列入负面清单；涉嫌犯罪的，依法追究刑事责任：oGc5
tdU5 第二十七条 中小学教材选用单位由省级教育行政部门根据当地实际情况确定。教材选用单位应当组建由多方代表参与的教材选用委员会，具体负责教材的选用工作。y1DB
FcpA 8月19日，九龙镇政府一位工作人员向红星新闻记者表示，2016年艾洪录开始建房后，镇政府曾两次下发通知，要求其停工并拆除别墅，但艾洪录不听，镇政府权属有限，于是向县水利局和水政执法大队请示。水利局和水政执法大队当时对他提出了批评，但工程仍在进行。后来土地部门巡查时，也向他发过通知，但也没有起到作用。直到去年12月份，在上级协助下，才把房子强行拆除。jZ4J
Yx7v 本是当地一件平常的涉黑案件，在龚道安落马消息发布之后，坊间迅速将出身同一地、名字只差一字的二人做了关联。《中国新闻周刊》从公安县公安局一名工作人员处问询二人关系，得到的回答是：“
要证实你还要问局里，不过据我个人所知二者没关系。” bSsD
9cHj （三）符合技术技能人才成长规律和学生认知特点，对接国际先进职业教育理念，适应人才培养模式创新和优化课程体系的需要，专业课程教材突出理论和实践相统一，强调实践性。适应项目学习、案例学习、模块化学习等不同学习方式要求，注重以真实生产项目、典型工作任务、案例等为载体组织教学单元。Cjvm
QVry 枫叶食品公司的首席执行官迈克尔·凯恩 （Michael McCain）表示， “ 由于中国实行了新的进口协议，要求任何出现新冠肺炎确诊病例的加工企业，停止向中国出口”，因此枫叶食品公司已自愿暂停了对中国的猪肉出口。“我们尊重中国对加拿大产品的新进口协议，我们正与中国和加拿大政府合作，尽快恢复出口。”
4Zkw
Juff 2007 年龚道安调任咸宁市委常委、市政法委书记时，是郭唐寅接过了他湖北省公安厅经侦总队总队长的职务。2010年11月，龚道安从咸宁选拔到公安部任职时，接过他咸宁市委常委、市政法委书记、市公安局长职务的，则是董国祥。MZzw
7l4C 采访中，记者了解到，为制止餐饮浪费行为，漯河市商务局联合餐饮协会第一时间向全市餐饮企业和消费者发出了倡议书：号召餐饮企业制定相关规章制度，不提供一次性餐具，主动提醒就餐客人合理搭配、适量点餐、剩菜打包，不强推高档宴席和奢华附加消费，多提供半份半价、小份适价、热菜拼盘等服务方式。同时，呼吁餐饮企业加强厨师队伍建设，减少原材料采购、备料过程中的浪费行为，积极发展大众餐饮。OO37
AY9r 男事主在当天 晚
上10时完成工作返回公司后，向公司汇报事件，并到警署报案。他表示，对被告所称“ 我一定会找人搞你”表示惊慌，担忧真的被伤害。NqSq
on Y8 可以看出，龚道安早年间的简历中，籍贯写的都是湖北公安县，直到后来才改为与公安接壤、但分属两省的湖南澧县，其中缘由不得而知。rIRZ
3VSl （三）符合技术技能人才成长规律和学生认知特点，对接国际先进职业教育理念，适应人才培养模式创新和优化课程体系的需要，专业课程教材突出理论和实践相统一，强调实践性。适应项目学习、案例学习、模块化学习等不同学习方式要求，注重以真实生产项目、典型工作任务、案例等为载体组织教学单元。TW6A
cpP5 一位现任庄里村村委会委员告诉红星新闻记者，2009年起艾洪录承包了庄里水库，用于养鱼和开发旅游业。2016年艾洪录承包了附近236省道的一处改建工程，他把工程产生的渣石倾倒在水库大坝外的泄洪道。把原来的大坝坝底全部填平，渣石规模近万方。9Dgq
W2Mp “ 先生您好，您点的菜有些多了。我们的菜量挺大的，如果不够可以再点。”这是8月17日发生在南阳六六顺酒楼的一幕。当天，朱先生和朋友们来到南阳六六顺饭店用餐，6个人点了8个菜两个点心。一旁的服务员见状，主动上前进行了消费指导，防止顾客超量点餐。6zvL
Ckyv 国家课程教材送审工作采取集中受理的方式进行，具体受理时间和要求，由国务院教育行政部门按照国家教材委员会的要求和实际教育教学需要确定并发布公告，教材编写单位根据公告送审教材。mMxs
1.NFV5 根据《治安管理处罚法》第五十二条规定：有下列行为之一的，处10日以上15日以下拘留，可以并处1000元以下罚款；情节较轻的，处5日以上10日以下拘留，可以并处500元以下罚款：（一）伪造、变造或者买卖国家机关、人民团体、企业、事业单位或者其他组织的公文、证件、证明文件、印章的。8DDt
2.GidH 记者询问艾洪录是否了解 “ 建房需要办理施工许可等法律程序 ” 。艾洪录说， “
因为承包水库的合同约定可以搞旅游开发，我也不懂法律法规，没有想到办手续。另外，我希望20年后将这些房子捐给村里作敬老院，我从来没有考虑过房子属于自己，所以就没有考虑办手续”
。pshn
3.sjO9 2019年，石首市作协常务副主席唐征祥所写的一篇名为《警坛大腕印象记》的文章里，回忆了龚道安在湖北侦办一起命案时的情况，文中写到：“龚道安总队长读警校时曾经在绣林派出所实习过，公安县人，不到而立之年便是公安县赫赫有名的刑警大队长，尔后又通过招考被提拔为荆州市公安局的领导。” BUMU
4.Gu8A 在1月7日上午举行的北京城市副中心新闻发布会上，记者了解到，城市副中心三大文化建筑及配套共享设施正在紧锣密鼓推进。三大文化建筑计划2021年底前实现外立面亮相，2022年12月底完成工程竣工。Axub
Margot Wallstrom , the U.N. secretary general ’s special representative on sexual violence in conflict , recently described such thinking as the “ lingering assumption that sexual violence is a tradition , rather than a tactic of choice . ”
Any Congolese will tell you rape is not “ traditional . ”
It did occur in Congo before the war , as it does everywhere .
But the proliferation of sexual violence came with the war .
Militias and Congolese soldiers alike now use sexual violence as a weapon .
Left unchecked , sexual violence has festered in Congo ’s war - ravaged east .
This does not make rape cultural .
It makes it easy to commit .
There is a difference .
Analysts often use the phrase “ culture of impunity ” to describe Congo .
John Prendergast , who has worked in African conflict zones for 25 years , explains : “ The rule of law breaks down and perpetrators commit crimes without fear of conviction or punishment .
Over time , this leads to further breakdown of societal codes and the very social fabric of a community . ”
The media , aid workers and activists alike have consistently failed to tell the stories of Congolese men who were killed by fighters because they refused to commit rape .
In interviews with hundreds of women , I heard countless stories of men who chose to take a bullet in the head , literally , rather than violate their child , sister or mother .
In Baraka , one survivor recalled : “ They tried to make my older brother rape me .
He refused and was killed .
So they raped me . ”
Describing the violence in Congo as “ cultural ” is more than offensive .
It is dangerous .
The European aid worker who dismissed the violence as “ cultural ” implied that Congolese women should expect to be raped .
In so doing , she dismissed her responsibility to so much as warn returning refuges about the extreme security threat .
Later that day in 2007 , I met 20 Congolese women who had returned from refugee camps in the last six months .
In that time , half had been raped .
“ Cultural relativism legitimizes the violence and discredits the victims , because when you accept rape as cultural , you make rape inevitable , ” Ms. Wallstrom explained in a recent opinion essay co-authored with the Norwegian foreign minister , Jonas Gahr Store .
“ This shields the perpetrators and allows world leaders to shrug off sexual violence as an immutable — if regrettable — truth . ”
SAN FERNANDO , Philippines — Filipino devotees had themselves nailed to crosses Friday to remember Jesus Christ 's suffering and death -- an annual rite rejected by church leaders in the predominantly Roman Catholic country .
At least 23 people were nailed to crosses in three villages in northern Pampanga province 's San Fernando city to mark Good Friday , with foreigners banned from taking part this year except as spectators , said Ching Pangilinan , a city tourism officer and one of the organizers .
She said the ban was imposed after some foreigners took part in previous years just to make a film or make fun of the rites .
" We do n't want them to just make a mockery out of the tradition of the people here , " Pangilinan said .
The event Friday drew more than 10,000 Philippine and foreign spectators , she said .
Many gathered at San Pedro Cutud , a farming village where devotees dressed in robes and tin crowns walked to a dusty mound carrying wooden crosses on their backs .
At the mound , men nailed their hands and feet to the crosses .
Among the devotees was Ruben Enaje , a 49 - year - old sign painter who was nailed to a cross for the 24th time as his way of thanking God for his survival after falling from a building .
Mary Jane Mamangon , a 34 - year - old rice cake vendor , was the lone female devotee to be nailed to a cross this year in San Juan village .
It was her 14th time .
She said she started when she was 18 and has taken part in the annual rites on and off to seek God 's help in saving her ill grandmother and now her younger sister , who is suffering from cancer .
" I do it because I have seen that it works , " she told The Associated Press .
" I saw how my grandmother recovered from her illness . "
Mamangon said she has faith that God will take care of her and her family .
Similar rites took place in nearby Bulacan province , while in other parts of the country , half - dressed , barefooted flagellants walked the streets , whipping their bloody backs with pieces of wood dangling from ropes as a way to atone for sins .
Church leaders reject such practices .
The Catholic Bishops ' Conference of the Philippines said the real expression of Christian faith during Lent is through repentance and self - renewal , not flagellation or crucifixion .
Bishop Rolando Tirona of the Prelature of Infanta said flagellation and cross nailings are expressions of superstitious beliefs , and are usually done out of need for money or to encourage tourism , which make them wrong .
About 80 percent of the Philippine population of more than 90 million are Roman Catholic .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
The sources list includes the relevant text from each page so you can quickly verify whether the webpages seem reputable and whether our algorithms correctly interpreted the context of the answer .
If you see a mistake , please let us know by clicking on the “ Feedback ” link so we can make it better .
You ’ll find answers to millions of different fact - seeking searches because the feature relies on an algorithmic understanding of webpages , not a hand - crafted set of special sources .
For example :
Often you ’re looking for these kinds of quick answers when you ’re out and about , so we ’ve made sure the feature also works great on mobile browsers , where it can be slow and awkward to dig through multiple webpages to find an answer .
Next time you ’re on a date to see , discreetly pull out your phone and search for [ nutcracker composer ] and impress him or her with your deep knowledge of ballet ( and Tchaikovsky ) .
Google Squared technology also helps power one of the new features of our latest enhancement to the search results page : “ Something different . ”
Sometimes when you search on Google , you ’ll see a new section at the bottom of the left - hand panel which contains related search terms .
For example , search for [ zebra ] and you ’ll see other related searches such as [ giraffes ] , [ elephants ] and [ hippos ] :
This can be a useful way to explore topics related to your original search .
In the past , you may have seen similar search refinements at the bottom of Google search results pages under the heading “ searches related to . ”
These queries are a great way to drill down further into a specific topic , such as [ zebra facts ] and [ zebra pictures ] .
But we ’ve found that when people are searching for zebras , they often search for other zoo animals as well .
So just as Google Squared can put together a table of zoo animals , with “ Something different ” we automatically find other entities in the same category , such as gazelles and rhinos .
This helps for times when you want to browse a broad topic using Google , rather than dig for a specific bit of information .
You can learn more about how this works in our Help Center .
In one year , we ’ve come far enough with our experimental Google Squared technology to start using it to help you both formulate your search and find exactly the information you ’re looking for .
While I ’m happy with the progress we ’ve made , there ’s much more to be accomplished in this area — from searches that have multiple answers , like [ us supreme court justices ] , to searches too complex for us to understand today , like [ what major did bill clinton ’s daughter study at stanford ? ] .
We ’ll continue to look for new ways to apply our deepening understanding of the web to improve your search results .
Both new features will be available globally in English ( something different is available now , and the improved answers feature should finish rolling out by the end of the week ) .
About Peacefire.org
" Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of sXXXch , or the right of the people peaceably to XXXemble , and to peXXXion the government for a redress of grievances . " -- Marc Rotenberg
" You can tell this is such a great club because we always get in trouble for following our charter . " -- Calvin & Hobbes
Peacefire.org was created in August 1996 to represent the interests of people under 18 in the debate over freedom of speech on the Internet .
The Web site and mailing lists are maintained by Bennett Haselton , who is now a freelance programmer in Seattle .
Peacefire has about 7,000 members on our mailing list as of February 2003 ; you can join Peacefire and get on the mailing list at no cost .
Peacefire is a " people for young people 's freedom of speech " organization , not a " young people for freedom of speech " organization .
In other words , you can join at any age if you are against censorship of students and people under 18 in general .
The first content to appear on Peacefire.org consisted of lists of some of the Web sites that were blocked by popular censorware programs such as Cyber Patrol and CYBERsitter .
Since then , the information on Peacefire.org has been used by lawyers for the American Civil Liberties Union , People For the American Way , and other anti-censorship groups to challenge Internet censorship laws in Congress and in several state legislatures .
Since we cannot afford our own lobbyists or legal campaigns , our most useful contribution is to provide facts and research which is then used by larger organizations that can afford their own lawyers .
In October 1998 , we added pages to Peacefire.org about how to disable the different censorware programs .
The censorware - disabling instructions were linked from a page titled " WINnocence : Innocence - preserving software for Windows " , a blocking software parody that was later taken down because many people thought it was not a joke .
The original WINnocence parody page is here .
Since Peacefire was created , staff members have been invited to speak about blocking software at the American Library Association National Conference , the ACLU of Ohio annual meeting , the Maine Library Association annual conference , Computers , Freedom and Privacy , and Spring Internet World ' 99 .
Members have also been interviewed about Internet censorship on television on MSNBC , MTV , Court TV and CNN Financial News .
Peacefire first received attention in December 1996 when CYBERsitter added it to their list of " pornographic "
Web sites and sent a letter to our ISP threatening to block all of their hosted sites if Peacefire were not closed down .
Wired News ran a story about the controversy which was picked up by PointCast and some other news services .
The usual response from people who hear about this now is , " Of course CYBERsitter blocked their site -- they have pages about how to turn the program off ! "
Actually , we did n't add information about how to disable CYBERsitter ( and other programs ) to Peacefire.org until October 1998 , which is why it generated so much controversy when CYBERsitter blocked our site in 1996 .
The only content on Peacefire.org at that time that had anything to do with CYBERsitter was our original CYBERsitter page , which listed some of the Web sites that the program blocked , including N.O.W. , Mother Jones and the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission .
Bennett Haselton is a freelance programmer in Seattle and can be reached at bennett@peacefire.org or ( 425 ) 497 9002 .
Bill Surkis , the former Quebec regional director for B'nai Brith , has pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography .
It 's a stunning reversal for the well - respected member of Montreal 's Jewish community .
Surkis , 70 , was Academic Dean of John Abbott College for 22 years , in addition to being the regional director for the Jewish - rights group B'nai Brith .
In court on Wednesday morning , Surkis pleaded guilty to one count of accessing child pornography , and another count of possession of child pornography .
A charge of distributing child pornography was dropped .
Surkis was arrested in May 2009 and charged with counts of accessing and possessing child pornography .
The material was discovered in 2008 , when Surkis brought his malfunctioning computer in for repair , and a virus check turned up numerous video and photos of child porn .
In all more Surkis 's computer contained 86 videos totalling more than eight hours of video files , and 153 photos of children between the ages of six and 14 being sexually abused .
Surkis had originally planned to plead not guilty , saying he had downloaded the illicit material for a presentation on child abuse .
However prosecutor Cynthia Gyenizse never bought that argument .
" From the inquiry the police made , he was in possession and had access to it , and he accepted to plead guilty to it , " said Gyenizse .
Institutions cut off ties
Surkis 's fall from grace was abrupt .
All the institutions and organizations he worked for in the past have been quick to distance themselves from the former educator .
John Abbott College , where he worked for 22 years , said they have had little contact with Surkis since he left in 1991 .
B'nai Brith said they no longer have any ties with Surkis , and the Holocaust Memorial Museum , where he was board chairman , has cut off all ties .
Since 2008 possession of child pornography comes with a mandatory minimum sentence of 45 days in jail , but Can be penalized by up to 10 years in prison ..
The crown will also ask for a psychological and sexual evaluation of Surkis .
He remains free on bail until his sentencing hearing in September .
ALLAHABAD : The Allahabad High Court has held that a Muslim man 's marriage to a woman of another religion shall be considered void and against the tenets of Islam if he fails to get her converted to the religion before wedlock .
In its order , a division bench comprising Justices Vinod Prasad and Rajesh Chandra also ruled that remarriage of a Muslim man shall be held void if he abandons his first wife without divorcing her and fails to treat children born of the marriage in a fair and just manner .
The order was passed on Monday when the bench dismissed a writ petition of one Dilbar Habib Siddiqui , a resident of Allahabad , who had married a Hindu girl named Khushboo on December 29 , last year .
Siddiqui had moved the court with the plea to quash the FIR lodged against him by Khushboo 's mother Sunita Jaiswal alleging that he had kidnapped her daughter , a minor at that time , and had compelled her to marry him .
Refuting the charges levelled against him in the FIR , Siddiqui produced a copy of Khushboo 's high school certificate to prove that she was a major at the time of marriage and her ( Khushboo's ) representations to higher authorities , upon learning about the FIR , that the marriage was a result of mutual consent .
While holding that having more than one wife is permissible under Islam , the court , however , took strong note of the fact that before tying the knot with Khushboo , Siddiqui had not disclosed to her that he was already married and was the father of three children .
His first wife had appeared before the court during the course of the hearing and alleged that Siddiqui had abandoned her and their three children , compelling them to " live like destitutes " .
The court noted that Siddiqui " albeit married , had deceived Khushboo Jaiswal , who did not intimate us that she was in the knowledge of the petitioner 's first marriage " .
" For a valid Muslim marriage , both the spouses have to be Muslim .
In the present writ petition , this condition is not satisfied " , the court remarked and quoted from a verse in the Holy Quran which says , " Do not marry unbelieving women until they believe ...
Nor marry your girls to unbelievers until they believe " .
Besides , the petitioner 's marriage to Khushboo without divorcing his first wife and not dealing with his three children in a fair and just manner was " against the tenets of the Holy Quran " and hence " cannot be legally sanctified " , the court said .
The bench quoted the following verse from the holy book while making the above observation - " Marry woman of your choice , two , three or four ;
But if you fear that you shall not be able to deal justly ( with them ) , then only one ... that would be more suitable to prevent you from doing injustice " .
Dismissing the petition , the court directed that investigations in the impugned FIR be conducted expeditiously and authorities of the Nari Niketan , where Khushboo is currently housed , hand her over to her parents .
I am extremely worried by the judicial activism involved in a series of decisions to prevent strikes .
This year both Unite and RMT have been prevented from holding strikes , amid general undisguised establishment glee that workers have not been allowed to go on strike .
In today ’s judgement against Unite ( and for British Airways ) , there was no dispute that union members had genuinely voted to go on strike .
But they had been notified of the result of the ballot by posted notices , and the court ruled that this did not meet the requirement that all members must be individually notified of the result .
In this country , posting a notice is sufficient notification to the neighbours if you apply for planning permission to build something next to them , and posting a notice is sufficient notification to the community if you plan to get married .
The judicial ruling in no way follows the spirit of the law , which is intended to ensure that union members democratically vote on strikes .
They did .
Free marketeers are quite wrong to crow over this blow to Unite .
If you believe in the free market , you must believe that a contract is freely negotiated between master and employee .
The employee must have the right to withdraw his labour .
An employee forbidden by the state to withdraw his labour is a slave .
It really is that simple .
Here ’s a Gazprom aerial photo which illustrates this better than 1000 words .
( Yamal is the location of some huge Gazprom natural gas fields . )
From the colors , I presume that the picture is taken in fall as the larch have changed color .
Spruce do not appear to be in evidence here – they have a more southerly treeline .
The remarkable relationship between the rivers and the larch “ forest ” is not discussed in Briffa ( 2000 ) or Briffa et al ( 2008 ) .
MONTREAL
Sometimes digging out of a hole in a playoff series is about finding a way to break the pattern .
Sometimes that takes something bold and unexpected .
Bold and unexpected , it ’s fair to say , does not characterize Jacques Martin ’s coaching style .
Maybe that ’s a contributing factor in his sub -.500 playoff record as an NHL coach .
But with his Montreal Canadiens down two games to none in their Eastern Conference final tussle with the sizzling Philadelphia Flyers , Martin does have one bold card to play .
Hint :
It was n’t putting Sergei Kostitsyn in the lineup for Game 2 .
That was just strange .
No , the move that ’s there for Martin is to insert netminder Carey Price in place of Jaroslav Halak .
Risky ?
Absolutely .
Worth the risk ?
Absolutely .
The Canadiens need to find a way to seize the initiative in this series starting with Game 3 at home Thursday night .
So far it ’s all been about what the Flyers have been doing and what Montreal has n’t been doing , which for the most part has been putting pucks behind Michael Leighton .
And what , pray tell , will changing goalies do to help the likes of Mike Cammalleri , Brian Gionta and Andrei Kostitsyn find the net ?
Well , nothing , specifically .
But Price is a different character than Halak , for better or for worse , a much more confident and aggressive figure in the net .
He plays the puck more aggressively .
He might take a swipe at a Flyer in his crease .
He ’s anything but passive , and any more passivity now will doom the Habs .
An attitude change , along with a roaring hometown crowd , might help get the Canadiens back on track .
It ’s a card that ’s available now as a possible series - changer , but wo n’t really be as useful if the Canadiens lose Game 3 with Halak in net .
At this point , it ’s really no longer about whether Price or Halak is the better netminder .
That debate has raged on all season , each goalie has his supporters and detractors , and it will be the story of the summer in Montreal as to which goalie GM Pierre Gauthier chooses to keep , or if he keeps both .
It ’s about changing the direction of the series .
The Flyers appear to have a pretty good read on Halak at the moment .
After exploiting Boston ’s Tuukka Rask on the blocker side in the last series , the Flyers are having great success going high glove on Halak .
“ We watched a little bit of video before the series , ” said Flyers captain Mike Richards on Wednesday .
“ We saw some things we might be able to take advantage of . ”
Start beating any goalie on the glove side , and his confidence will start to droop .
Halak certainly looked a little weary in Game 2 , less able to stand his ground against intruders than he had against Washington or Pittsburgh , and he looked downright awful on Ville Leino ’s third - period , bad - angle wrist shot .
Even the Philly coaching staff is wondering whether Martin might turn to Price , and Flyer goalie coach Jeff Reese has prepared video scouting reports on both goalies .
The Flyers , of course , know from experience what a goalie change can do , even an involuntary one .
With Brian Boucher in net , they were down 3 - 1 against the Bruins .
Boucher was injured , Leighton came in during Game 5 and the Flyers became the third team in history to fight all the way back from a three - games - to - none deficit .
Martin , of course , already turned to Price once in these playoffs , and it did n’t exactly work .
The Capitals put four past him in Game 4 en route to a 6 - 3 victory , and Price became a little unhinged that night , taking a pair of unsportsmanlike conduct penalties .
But that does n’t mean it wo n’t work now .
Price has played some big games this season , and let ’s face it , the goaltending trends and heroes in these playoffs have n’t exactly been predictable .
Will Martin make the move ?
Probably not .
Price was available on the off - day , Halak was not , and most believe it ’s unlikely Martin would take the gamble .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ I like the direction that we ’re going , ” said Martin on Wednesday .
“ Sure we still need to make some adjustments to get some production , but I ’m confident it ’s going to come . ”
Does n’t sound like a coach looking to switch goalies .
Sticking with Halak is the safe move .
Then again , the phrase “ safe is death ” is a popular one in hockey these days , and if the Habs lose Thursday night , they ’re dead .
Please
I am a college student trying to make ends meet .
Help me live out my dreams to do this in the future .
Follow me on twitter to keep up to date :
View the twitter.com / peteralfonso ( not used for support ! )
View the
ROM Download Links :
- FRF83V03.zip ( stats )
* All Froyo kernels are supported as long as they are using the " anyrom.zip " format by Koush *
6/28/10 * All
Froyo kernels are supported as long as they are using the " anyrom.zip " format by Koush *
* This ROM is overclocked to 800 Mhz by default , not every Droid will be able to handle this clock speed !
Your Droid may not boot up or may have random shutdowns or reboots !*
* No wipe necessary if coming from other FRF57 Froyo ROMs , but if you run into any problems at all then wipe data & cache *
OPTIONAL Scripts :
( credit to Pete )
* Note : If you install anything not in my OP you will get permission denied errors !*
All the scripts ( since V0.1 ) now have error checking and reporting !
Type the name of any script to print its info
-ads [ - s ] [ - b ]
- amazon [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- apps2sd [ - a ] [ - i ] [ - e ]
- browser [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- calc [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- carhome [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
-cpuinfo
-ctp [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- droidboot
- email [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- fixperm
- genie [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- godmode
- lwp [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
-mms [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- office [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- shutdown [ - r ] [ - rr ]
- sound [ - e ] [ - d ]
- spareparts [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- switchboot
- switchclocks
- switchemail
- switchlwp
- switchmms
- switchmusic
- sys [ - rw ] [ - ro ]
- tips [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
- toolkit [ - rm ] [ - cp ]
-usb [ - e ] [ - d ]
- zipalign_apks
To use " switch " scripts :
1. Download desired file
2. Place on sdcard
3. Run script
Features :
- Android 2.2 FROYO
Base ( credit to Google )
- Fully Zipaligned System ( credit to Pete )
- Fully Deodexed System ( credit to Google )
- Automatic OverClocking to highest slot * makes SetCPU optional * ( credit to Pete )
- Full - Android 2.2 FROYO Base ( credit to Google ) - Fully Zipaligned System ( credit to Pete ) - Fully Deodexed System ( credit to Google ) - Automatic OverClocking to highest slot * makes SetCPU optional * ( credit to Pete ) - Full sysctl support using sysctl.conf ( credit to Pete )
- Clean Shutdown / Startup ( from CyanogenMod )
- Custom Static Wallpapers ( thanks Prash , Google , & HTC )
- Setup Wizard bypassed by default ( credit to Pete )
- Tons of tweaks to increase performance & battery life ( credit to Pete )
- Google DNS for a faster & safer online experience ( credit to Pete )
-ADB
Shell runs as root by default * no need to type in su* ( credit to Pete )
- Chrome To Phone App ( credit to Google )
- Supports Adobe Flash Player
- Milestone Video Player App ( credit to Pete )
- Native Sound Recorder App ( credit to Pete )
- Spare Parts App ( modded by Pete )
- Neural Network Live Wallpaper with Google Colors ( credit to Pete )
- Huge Library of System Audio ( credit to Pete ) * All 2.0 , 2.1 , & 2.2 Sounds *
- Longer Duration Between Wifi Scans Tweak * Battery Saver* ( credit to Pete )
- Version Information In Settings > About Phone ( credit to Pete )
- SuperUser App V2.1 w/ new UI ( credit to ChainsDD )
- Ads blocked by default in apps & browser * No need to use AdFree* ( credit to Pete )
- Camera Sounds Silenced by default * shutter & video recording * ( credit to Pete )
- Nearly 100 MB free at boot ( credit to Pete )
- Over 50 MB of free memory at all times * No need to use task killers * ( credit to Pete )
- Busybox & Toolbox commands installed at boot ( thanks Koush )
- Scripts ready to run after ROM Installation ( credit to Pete )
- Backup / Delete Apps Using Astro & godmode
- Percentage in Battery Icon ( images by Xeudoxus )
- Less CPU Intensive LWPs ( idea by ChevyNo1 & ReverendYo )
- Transparent Notification Window Patch by Xeudoxus
- Moto X Bootanimation & Ringtones ( credit to Pete )
- Bugless Beast Toolkit App ( developed by Mr.Blippy )
HotKeys : ( created by Pete )
- Recovery ( hold power & x button )
- Shutdown ( hold power & s button )
- Reboot ( hold power & r button )
- Testing Menu ( hold left alt & menu button )
Tools & Utilites :
- Flash Image
- Busybox V1.16.1
( I also fixed it 's wget command )
- Bash Shell
- Zipalign
- Toolbox
Removed :
- Visual Voicemail ( download from the Market )
- Facebook ( download from the Market )
- Voice ( download from the Market )
- Goggles ( download from the Market )
- Twitter ( download from the Market )
- 30 Broken .jpg wallpapers that were left in Launcher2.apk
Theme :
- Modified Stock Theme ( credit to Pete )
- Transparent Notification Window
- Removed Google Logo from search widget
- Removed Google Logo from maps
- Removed Weather Channel logo from News & Weather app
- Removed background from Launcher buttons
Please remember where you saw all these options first !
In an amazingly candid appraisal of the sorry state of affairs in New Jersey , Governor Chris Christie laid it on the line in a speech to about 200 mayors at the New Jersey League of Municipalities .
The speech is 24 minutes long and well worth a listen because it is both an honest admission of the problem , and a refreshingly accurate appraisal of what the solutions are .
He chastised the legislature , unions , municipalities , and affordable housing initiatives while promising to do something about all of those .
Unfortunately I cannot find a transcript , nor is there a YouTube video but you can Watch Chrstie 's Speech To League of Municipalities on public television .
It starts out with an ad you have to listen to , but it quickly picks up once Christie starts speaking .
He starts off in fine fashion calling the legislature 's budget " Alice In Wonderland Budgeting "
Partial Transcript
Our citizens are already the most overtaxed in America .
US mayors hear it all the time .
You know that the public appetite for ever increasing taxes has reached an end .
Now , we are going to reduce spending at the state level .
And we are going to continue to reduce it because we have no choice but to do so .
Do we need to change some of the rules of arbitration to level the playing field to allow municipalities and school boards to have a more level sense of collective bargaining ?
I think the evidence of ever increasing raises being given to public sector workers as a result of the arbitration system tells us that we do .
[ Applause From Mayors ]
I can guarantee you this , that more pension and benefit reforms which I will consider arbitration reform to be one of them , are things that when they come to my desk , they will be signed .
[ Applause From Mayors ]
By the same token I am tired of hearing school superintendents and school board members complain that there are no other options than raising property taxes .
There are other options .
You know , at some point there has to be parity .
There has to be parity between what is happening in the real world , and what is happening in the public sector world .
The money does not grow on trees outside this building or outside your municipal building .
It comes from the hard working people of our communities who are suffering and are hurting right now .
And so we need to get honest with each other .
In this instance , the political class , for which unfortunately all of us are a member of , the political class is lagging behind the public on this .
The public is ready to hear that tough choices have to be made .
They 're not going to like it .
Do n't confuse the two .
But they are ready to hear the truth .
We have done every quick fix in the book that you can do .
And now we are left , literally holding the bag .
Now we are going to have a fight about COAH .
And I have engaged in that fight and I have engaged in it directly .
Not only will I be fighting COAH , I will be fighting the courts too .
[ Applause From Mayors ]
You all know that these raises that are being given to public employees of all stripes , we can not afford .
You all know the state cannot continue to spend money it does not have .
And you all know that the appetite for tax increases among our constituents has come to an end .
Government has worked for the political class for much too long .
There 's no time left .
We have no room left to borrow .
We have no room left to tax .
So we merely have room left now , to do this .
We are all reaching the edge of a cliff .
And it reminds me a bit of that part of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid where the had a seminal decision to make .
So what did they do ?
They held hands and they jumped off the cliff .
We have to hold hands at every level of government , state county , municipal , school board .
We have to hold hands and jump off the cliff .
We are going to make the leap because that 's what people elected me to do .
We are going to make the leap because it is the responsible thing to do .
We are going to make the leap and we are going to do it together because that is what leadership demands for us .
That is what the responsibility of the offices we hold requires of us .
Forget about the next election .
Forget about the next editorial in the newspaper , and forget about the next angry letter or phone call you are going to get from someone who wants something for nothing .
“ An emergency radio broadcast to El Paso police at 6:43 p.m. stated a Border Patrol agent had fired into a crowd of people . ”
LATEST : Updated AP story : “ Agents detaining suspected illegal immigrants Monday came under assault from rock throwers across the border in Mexico , FBI spokeswoman Andrea Simmons said . ”
National Border Patrol Council president T.J. Bonner tells Associated Press that rock throwing incidents are “ deadly force encounters ” which “ justifies the use of deadly force . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
If oil and the mideast crisis were n’t enough , a new breaking report is sure to stir up feelings on the also - still - simmering immigration debate again .
The Associated Press reports , “ A US Border Patrol agent shot and killed a 14 - year - old boy after a confrontation at an international bridge near downtown El Paso , Mexican authorities said Tuesday . ”
AP caption for photo : “ Mexican federal police and forensic experts stand next to the body of 14 year - old Sergio Adrian Hernandez Huereca , under the Paso Del Norte border bridge , as US officials watch from the US side at right , in Ciudad Juarez , northern Mexico , Monday , June 7 , 2010 .
Chihuahua state officials released a statement Tuesday , June 8 , demanding a full investigation into the death of the boy who was allegedly shot by a U.S. Border Patrol agent after a confrontation , according to Mexican authorities . ”
The above photograph appears to show that the boy would have had to throw a rock a long distance and high enough to cross a fence to reach any border agents on the other side .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to US Customs and Border Protection spokesman Doug Mosier , only one person was shot “ Monday evening on the U.S. side of the Paso Del Norte bridge , across from Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . ”
The AP article notes , “ Chihuahua State officials released a statement Tuesday demanding a full investigation into the death of the boy , identified as Sergio Adrian Hernandez Huereca . ”
“ FBI spokeswoman Andrea Simmons said she had no other details , including the whereabouts or condition of the suspect , ” the AP article adds .
“ Simmons said the agent was n’t injured [ and ] the FBI was leading the investigation since it involved an assault on an officer . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
At the El Paso Times , Daniel Burunda reports , “ U.S. authorities would not confirm if someone died , but Mexican news media reported a young man was dead .
Some outlets showed photos of the body under the Puente Negro , or the Black Bridge , just west of the Paso del Norte Bridge . ”
“ It started as an assault on a Border Patrol agent , ” said Special Agent Andrea Simmons , a spokeswoman for the FBI in El Paso .
The FBI is the lead agency in the case because it investigates assaults on federal agents .
About 6:45 p.m. , a Border Patrol agent was attacked before he fired his weapon , Simmons said .
Simmons said it had not been determined how many agents were involved in the confrontation nor how many attackers and whether they were armed or not .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ An emergency radio broadcast to El Paso police at 6:43 p.m. stated a Border Patrol agent had fired into a crowd of people , ” the El Paso report claims .
“ The Border Patrol agent shot from El Paso , Texas , across the border into Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , ” CNN reports .
FREAKY FIND : The pear and the can it came from .
Southland woman Wendy McMahon reckons she will never look at canned pears the same way .
The latest can she opened contained a demonic face carved into one of its contents .
However , Mrs McMahon said the shock of the find is nothing compared with the trial she has had trying to get answers out of the pears ' supplier .
She bought the Budget brand can of pears from Invercargill Pak 'N
Save a fortnight ago and feeling " a bit peckish " , she opened it , late on May 1 .
She said it was when she returned to the can for a second helping that she scooped the freakish piece of fruit out .
" I thought `oh my God , is that a face ' ... it really kind of shocked me . "
Inspecting the can , she found an 0800 number and called it .
That call went through to voicemail and , despite feeling " embarrassed " , she left a message , Mrs McMahon said .
She took photos of the pear , posted them to websites , including TV3 and Facebook and listed it on Trade Me before going to bed .
Last Monday , her call was returned by a woman from Safeway Traders Ltd in Auckland .
Mrs McMahon said the woman was reluctant to accept the find was genuine , became angry she had " gone public " online with the find , assured her the manufacturing process was automated and there was no way this could have happened .
Forwarding the photos to the woman made her change her tune .
On Thursday she received a letter and a $ 15 voucher .
Mrs McMahon said because no - one had phoned her back , she called the woman , who assured her the " technical adviser " would call her after lunch .
The woman then phoned , demanding the pear and its can be sent to Auckland so its manufacturer Heinz - Wattie 's could investigate , Mrs McMahon said .
She sent the pear , along with the voucher , by courier the same day and pulled the Trade Me listing .
On Friday , the woman phoned again , read her a letter that conceded that during production the pear halves were checked by people at the Chinese plant as a quality control measure and offered her a $ 30 voucher , Mrs McMahon said .
" I said that was n't good enough , then she turned on me and got nasty again – she said `you 're just after money are n't you ? ' – I asked her to send the pear back . "
Last night she was still waiting , but said rather than the satanic slice of fruit , it is her treatment by the company she takes exception to .
Hmm , it looks like we do n’t know much about this artist .
Can you help us out ?
- 2010.05.06
Note : I did not run Ubuntu in virtualization .
I completely wiped the hard drive on my first generation MacBook Pro to install Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx .
All images accompanying this article have been reduced to half of their original 1440 x 900 pixel size .
With the release of Ubuntu 10.04 , Canonical has further blurred the line between another bland update to Linux and delivered a real option to those users wanting something more than Windows and more flexible than Mac OS X .
Appearance
As the cliché saying goes : " Do n't judge a book by it's cover . "
Well , Lucid Lynx is positively gorgeous , rivaling even OS X in it 's look and feel .
Ubuntu 10.04 by default uses the " Ambiance " theme , a very " Mac - like " theme that resembles Aqua .
The desktop environment is still GNOME , but by combining some slicker window colors and the button placement to the left side of the window , the only thing missing is a true Dock to recreate the Mac experience .
The Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx default desktop .
While the theme is a great improvement over every previous Ubuntu release , the look just seems to copy far too much of the Mac 's style .
I think the style change is the right direction for Ubuntu , but I would like to see the designers tweak it for the next release to have its own look and feel .
Desktop and File Management
Oddly , I could not create folders using the Control or Command key to get a contextual menu .
This occurred on both the desktop and within folders .
The only way I could create new folders or get info was from the folder options .
This also means I could not change the properties of the folders easily ( such as putting a lock on a folder ) .
The File Browser in Ubuntu 10.04 .
Battery Use
Under Mac OS X 10.4
Tiger , I could get around 3 to 3.5 hours out of my battery , as long as I was n't running too many programs or accessing optical media .
With Ubuntu , I get around 2 hours .
I 'm not sure why I lose a whole hour , but it is definitely a factor that makes me reconsider using Ubuntu full - time .
I 've adjusted the battery management settings , but I can't seem to break the two hour mark .
And , as far as I can tell , I have no way to reduce processor use to save power .
Software Management
It 's no secret that Linux has some amazing choices in software - most of it free .
Whether you want video editing , photo management , or office software , you 'll have countless choices .
The Ubuntu Software Center .
The 10.04 release of Ubuntu introduces a new way to get this software through the Ubuntu Software Center .
Previous releases made it easy to find the software you wanted to download , and 10.04 makes it even easier .
Simply load the Software Center and begin browsing through available software to download via the different categories .
Installation is easy and similar to OS X : Choose the software package that you want , and Ubuntu downloads and installs the package - no restart is required , although it 's probably a good idea .
Downloading software is much slower than before ; packages must be downloaded individually and seem to take three times longer to get and install .
This may be due to the " newness " of this release and will hopefully be resolved with a system update .
Ubuntu has a great software repository to pull from .
It has both completely free , open source software , as well as commercial software and video and audio codecs .
Users of the Mac OS and Windows may be so accustomed to proprietary file systems that it may be hard to live without them .
For example , I would love to have all of my music in the Ogg Vorbis open source codec .
It has the same quality as MP3 or AAC and is probably going to evolve and have a longer life than either of them .
But I can not convert my music from either of these formats to the Ogg format without a loss of quality , and re-ripping my music collection would be unfeasible .
The same is true with video files .
I have ripped many of my DVDs to my Mac using Handbrake for viewing on the go or on the computer .
Converting them all again to the Open Source Ogg Theora codec would just be too much trouble .
Photo Management
F - Spot is the default photo management program and has some functions similar to Apple 's iPhoto .
You can browse your photos easily and do basic editing , including exposure , light and color balance , and sharpening .
Also , F - Spot has built - in export functions for sending images to Flickr , Facebook , Google Picasa , and more .
The F - Spot photo management program .
My only problem with F - Spot is that it has no real design to the program , so it looks like any file window you might have open .
I find this confusing when I 'm working on multiple tasks and switching between windows - F - Spot looks just like an open folder of photos .
Music
Ubuntu will recognize your iPod with ease , and almost all of the music management programs available on Linux ( Rhythmbox , Banshee , and Amarok , to name a few ) will work great with the iPod .
As in iTunes , you can also play music and video directly from the iPod .
The default program for your music files is Rhythmbox , which ( like F - Spot ) is n't particularly pretty , but it is very functional .
Of course , there are many different choices to download , so if Rhythmbox does n't suit your needs , you can always find another .
But the major ( and I mean major ) addition to Ubuntu is the addition of the Ubuntu One Music Store .
The store loads in Rhythmbox much like the iTunes Store does in iTunes , and you can search for music right in the program .
Canonical partnered with 7digital.com , which is an online music store headquartered in Europe .
The Ubuntu One Store ( and 7digital.com ) offers high - quality , DRM - free tracks at competitive prices .
One EP that I purchased and downloaded was $ 4.99 on the iTunes Store , but only $ 2.50 at 7digital.com .
The selection is still growing , and there are no movies or TV shows available like on iTunes , but the potential is there .
Video
Video files played just fine , after installing the proper codecs .
You can download the codecs manually , but attempting to play the file will usually prompt a download of the available files .
For some reason , I could not get a single DVD to play , even though I had downloaded the DVD playback components .
I 'm sure there is an adequate workaround , but I could n't get it working before writing this review .
Social Networking
Ubuntu is jumping head first into social networking , offering users built - in tools to cover the major sites of the moment .
Using the Gwibber client , you can easily set up your Facebook , Twitter , and other accounts that will update you on your friends ' posts and tweets .
My first thoughts were : " Why would you need this function built into the desktop ? "
Well , after the initial setup , I could see why .
Gwibber allows you to manage all your messaging and commenting without ever opening a browser .
You can follow tweets and Facebook status updates , as well as reply , in one window instead of logging in to the individual sites .
Personally , I do n't need this function , but I think people who manage accounts at several different sites would be overjoyed .
Printing
Printer setup was a breeze .
I simply plugged in my HP LaserJet , Ubuntu recognized it , and after the driver downloaded , I was all set .
If you 're thinking of installing Ubuntu , you can check this functionality by simply plugging in your printer while running the Live CD .
Ubuntu vs. Mac OS X
Should Mac users switch to Ubuntu ?
That 's a personal decision .
There are countless options you must weigh before making such a drastic switch .
You will have to make compromises .
Some software that you use in OS X may be available in Linux , but others you will likely never have , such as Adobe Photoshop .
Some things just work , and some need your help .
I like the idea of an Open Source world of computing .
I love the idea of true software freedom , free of licensing fees , forced upgrades , and other hassles .
While Microsoft may be the biggest offender with forcing users to authenticate software , Apple is no angel either .
Look at these recent letters regarding a Mac user in need of updated system software with no easy answer : iMac G5 System Support Dilemma , Unreasonable Expectations , OS X 10.5 Leopard Still Available from Apple , and Apple and Microsoft Drop the Ball on Old OS Versions .
When you run Linux , your system should never be out - of - date until your hardware is just too far gone .
And even then , you could run Damn Small Linux ( I hate that name ) .
At only 50 MB , it will install on the lowest hardware spec available .
Of course , the Low End Mac philosophy is that Macs will always be capable of at least the tasks they could do when you bought them .
So if you bought your Power Mac G5 tower for video processing , it will always be able to perform that task , as long as your hardware works .
Will it process as fast as today 's Intel Core i7 or whatever the future may hold ?
Of course not , but it still processes video at least as well as it could when Apple built it .
Final Thoughts
Ubuntu is incredibly compatible with little or no configuration needed .
I think most Mac users will be able to navigate their way around and fix the minor problems without professional help .
This is an attractive , capable release that has many improvements beyond the general look and feel that so many reviewers have focused on .
Yes , it is gorgeous and long overdue for a good looking default theme , but that has nothing to do with compatibility and user friendliness .
Canonical and the development team have reached a real milestone with Ubuntu 10.04 .
There is still room for Ubuntu to grow and improve , but for anyone who has tried Ubuntu before and been a little disappointed , I implore you to try it .
I think you 'll be pleasantly surprised .
However , Canonical wo n't .
It 's what they intended .
Ubuntu 10.04 Hardware Recommendations
While it is possible to install and run Ubuntu 10.04 on lesser hardware , " users ( especially those new to Ubuntu ) risk frustration if they ignore these suggestions . "
Like Windows , Ubuntu 10.04 is available in separate 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions .
( Mac OS X 10.6 has built - in 32 - and 64 - bit support .
There are not separate 32 - and 64 - bit versions . )
1 GHz x86 CPU - Canonical does not support PowerPC Macs , although there are community builds available for PowerPC
512 MB of system memory ( RAM )
5 GB of hard drive space
Graphics card and display supporting 1024 x 768 - low - end netbooks with lower resolution displays can be frustrating to use
CD - ROM drive to run installer
sound support
Internet access
Every Intel - based Mac meets these requirements , as do most PCs built since 2000 .
The Boundless Wolf theorem states that if you give a wolf a Moleskine and a Sharpie it will eventually recreate Leonardo ’s Vitruvian Man .
( Source Image : Gray Wolf on Flickr )
Editor 's note : LZ Granderson is a senior writer and columnist for ESPN The Magazine and ESPN.com , and has contributed to ESPN's Sports Center , Outside the Lines and First Take .
He is a 2010 nominee and the 2009 winner of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) award for online journalism as well as the 2008 National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association ( NLGJA ) winner for column writing .
Grand Rapids , Michigan ( CNN ) --
I sat on my friend 's couch trying my best not to laugh .
He was an associate pastor of the church I was attending , and he had taken it upon himself to introduce me to the ex-gay movement .
I was in the early stages of coming out , and let 's just say he was n't very happy for me .
On this particular night , my friend and spiritual adviser decided to show me a video featuring the keynote speaker at an ex-gay conference in one final attempt to " save my soul . "
Mission accomplished -- just not in the way he had hoped .
That 's because when the guy on the tape opened his mouth , I thought Big Gay Al from " South Park " had taken the stage .
Now normally , I 'm not one who generally buys into stereotypes , but when he said he could n't wait to get home to make love to his wife , I had a difficult time keeping a straight face .
Pun intended .
It was then I knew it was better for me to join my brethren outside of the closet than soullessly antagonize them from inside , like the dude on TV .
Seems like there 's always a dude on TV , does n't it ?
You know , the anti-gay activist who is secretly involved in an apparent pro-gay activity ?
Last week , it was discovered a former board member of the Family Research Council , George Rekers , recently hired a gay male escort to carry his luggage around Europe .
The escort says Rekers wanted him to give him erotic massages .
( Rekers denies he is gay ) .
But Rekers ' story is very similar to that of pastor Ted Haggard , whose story was like Sen.
Mark Foley's , whose story was like Gov. Jim McGreevy 's , whose story was like ... well , you get the picture .
It 's as if being anti-gay is the new coming out .
When I was younger , I used to jokingly dismiss the salacious " gotcha " moments Rekers , who recently resigned from the board of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality , now finds himself in .
But when you consider the political , judicial and economic influence that he and those of his ilk have , and how they use that influence to selfishly impede social progress , derail justice and vilify an entire group of people , you understand why Kirby Dick named his documentary chronicling the double lives of folks like Haggard and Foley " Outrage . "
When you really think about it , anger -- not laughter -- should be the reaction .
In the black community , one of the worst things another black person can call you is an Uncle Tom .
Based on the 1852 novel " Uncle Tom 's Cabin , " the name is given to black people who consciously turn their back on or undermine their own community in an attempt to appease and gain acceptance from the white community .
One of my favorite rap groups , Public Enemy , summed it up on their 1991 song " Nighttrain " this way : " Disgracin ' the race / Blowin ' up the whole crew / Wit ' some of them lookin ' / Just like you . "
The gay and lesbian community has plenty of Uncle Toms trying to blow us up from inside , but what we do n't have is our own word or phrase to identify them .
Some call them " closet cases , " but there is a difference between someone who is unwilling to live openly and honestly , and someone who takes that a step further and hurts those who do .
People in the closet warrant a level of sympathy because we all know how difficult it can be to embrace one 's truth .
And I do not believe in outing people who are simply living in hiding .
But I do believe in revealing the identities of these gay Uncle Toms .
People like Rekers , a Baptist minister who was paid to testify against gay adoption and travel the globe preaching that therapy can " cure " gay people , do not deserve the same sympathy given to those who are afraid of losing their jobs .
Not when they consciously morph from being victims of homophobia to attack dogs eating their young .
Some of my Facebook friends suggested calling folks like Rekers and Foley " Aunt Anita , " a play on infamous 1970s anti-gay figurehead Anita Bryant .
But she was never accused of soliciting sex from a same - sex police officer in an airport bathroom like Sen.
Larry Craig was .
A few on Twitter thought " Uncle Roy " could work .
Roy Cohn was a prominent lawyer who joined Sen.
Joseph McCarthy in targeting gays during the Communist scare of the 1950s .
Despite being gay himself , he continued to oppose gay rights until his AIDS - related death in 1986 .
That 's a good option , but the truth is , I really do not like linking this viral form of self - hate to warm and fuzzy names like " Aunt Anita " and " Uncle Roy . "
I do n't want to call them anything that appears cute and harmless , because they are not .
And they are more than just late - night punch lines .
They are extremely dangerous individuals who are instrumental in the manipulation of religion , the legislating of discrimination and the overturning of equality .
Sorry if I do n't sound very forgiving , but I 've never been big on coddling those who wish to use my neck as a stepladder .
I prefer to see them as they are : the enemy within .
I hope we all stop laughing at ( and covering for ) them -- and start calling them all out for what they truly are .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
CCTV footage showing the moments after a teacher attacked a pupil with a dumbbell in a Nottinghamshire school has been released .
Peter Harvey , 50 , admitted causing grievous bodily harm but was cleared of a charge of attempted murder by a jury .
Nottingham Crown Court heard he snapped after the boy , 14 , swore at him at All Saints ' Roman Catholic School , Mansfield .
The boy suffered a fractured skull in the attack .
Following a trial , Harvey was also cleared of a charge of intending to cause grievous bodily harm .
' As if possessed '
The court heard he chased the boy round the classroom , grabbed him and dragged him down a corridor to the storeroom .
The footage , which has been released by the Crown Prosecution Service , shows the boy 's classmates crowding around the room as Harvey carried out the attack with a 3 kg ( 6.6 lb ) weight .
It then shows the 50 - year - old teacher throwing the dumbell out of the classroom before emerging from the room .
Witnesses described him as acting " as if possessed " but Harvey said he felt " peaceful " during the attack and as if he was watching himself on television .
The court heard Harvey had returned to work after being signed off with depression and stress for several months .
He had been mocked by pupils calling him a " psycho " in the moments before the attack , the jury was told .
Nottinghamshire County Council said the school governors were currently considering Harvey 's future .
Deadline is reporting that Sony ’s Columbia Pictures is currently reviewing screen tests for the new Peter Parker in Marc Webb ’s Spider - Man reboot in 3D and should make a decision relatively soon .
Confirmed by Deadline to have screen tested are Jamie Bell ( Billy Elliot ) , Anton Yelchin ( Star Trek ) , Aaron Johnson ( Kick - Ass ) , Andrew Garfield ( The Social Network ) , Logan Lerman ( Percy Jackson and the Olympians : The Lightning Thief ) and Alden Ehrenreich ( Tetro ) .
Frank Dillane ( Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince ) and Michael Angerano ( Lords of Dogtown ) are apparently also finalists though the status of their screen tests remain unknown .
The San Diego Comic - Con is the prime stage to officially unveil the new Spider - Man so the timing of this report , less than a month before the con , makes perfect sense .
We ’ll probably know who was chosen prior to the con since sources close to the proceedings appear willing to share their knowledge without Columbia ’s consent .
Production on the Spider - Man reboot will begin before year ’s end .
Once Spidey is cast , the supporting roles around him should fill in pretty quickly .
Source : Deadline
On Monday , the TTC released hundreds of customer complaints to the Star through a freedom of information request .
Page after page , the stories are similar : Drivers throwing tantrums when people do n’t shuffle to the back fast enough .
Collectors doing crosswords while ignoring customer questions .
Drivers shouting at riders and swearing at passing cars .
It seems poor people skills , not delays or fare disputes , are the main concern for transit customers .
Riders say they are verbally abused and harassed by TTC staff on a daily basis .
In the most extreme of allegations , some claim to have been victims of sexual advances and racism .
The vast majority of the more than 300 written complaints obtained by the Star — among more than 2,000 lodged last year — paint a picture of a transit system troubled by a culture of indifference and disdain towards customers .
“ In my honest opinion , I believe those issues happen .
I have no doubt , ” said Steven O’Brien , the hotelier tasked with rescuing the TTC ’s reputation through a recently created customer service advisory panel .
“ I ’m not condoning the behaviour .
( For some ) it ’s the culture .
And you ca n’t change culture overnight . ”
But the TTC is banking on his ability to help change it eventually .
In February , O’Brien was named chair of the new panel , an initiative meant to defuse mounting tensions between the public and its transit system .
Things came to a head in January , two months after the TTC announced a 25 - cent fare hike , when a photo of a fare collector sleeping on the job went viral .
“ Yup , love how my TTC dollars R being spent ” said the Twitpic caption .
Next , a video surfaced of a bus driver who left late - night riders twiddling their thumbs while he took an unauthorized break at a coffee shop to use the washroom , then buy a drink .
Over the past two weeks , hundreds of riders have shown up at union - sponsored town hall meetings to vent their frustrations .
And by the end of June , O’Brien ’s independent panel hopes to release a comprehensive customer relations evaluation .
The system needs it .
Last year , the TTC received roughly 2,000 written complaints through traditional mail , email , and online complaint forms .
The Star requested a sample of these letters from February , July and October .
The majority , about 250 of the 312 complaints we received , were submitted online .
The identities of the riders and employees were protected and , for privacy reasons , the TTC said it cannot disclose what action , if any , came of the individual grievances .
“ This morning , ” one letter began , “ I boarded the # 113 bus at Corvet ...
At the next stop … another bus was parked with a flashing light .
Riders who were on that bus got on to our bus all complaining that they were waiting 20 minutes because the driver refused to move the bus as a baby on board was crying ...
“ Passengers continued to vent about the situation on the last bus .
At the next stop our operator asked the passengers who came on at the last stop and were discussing the crying baby issue to please leave the bus …
It seemed that no one had a right to condemn his colleague in his presence . ”
In another letter , a rider writes : “ On several occasions I have had the misfortune of boarding ( the streetcar ) only to realize that the driver for the first leg of my journey to work is this miserable woman . . . ( I have ) witnessed her verbally kick a paying passenger off this eastbound route . . . for calling her rude , which she IS consistently . ”
On this January morning , the rider continues , “ I became the target of her vileness … I always try to be courteous and exit via the rear doors ( but ) my position on the car this morning had me directly beside the front door , so I decided to exit via this way instead of pushing my way through other passengers .
Well I guess this made her day because it allowed her the opportunity to yell … she yelled at the top of her lungs four times ...
“ EXIT AT THE REAR DOOOOORS !!! …
“ I turned around and calmly asked her , “ Why are you such a bitch to the passengers ? ”
Her loud reply : BECAUSE I ENJOY IT !!! ... I do have to say that the majority of the TTC employees I encounter on a daily basis are courteous and a good number of them are downright friendly .
What a delight !
But not the Blonde Dragon ! ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said whenever there is identifiable information , such as specific incident times , route and bus numbers , or employee badge numbers , the complaints are investigated .
A range of responses is available , from a verbal warning to a note in a personnel file or even suspension .
“ Just remember there are two sides to every story , ” said Ross .
“ Certainly we do n’t condone rudeness or curtness .
Certainly our expectation is that employees greet customers with a smile , and thank them for their fare .
( But remember ) , not every customer is polite , either . ”
In 1962 , Beatles guitarist George Harrison wrote the following humorous letter — a tongue - in - cheek , step - by - step guide to washing his car — to a young Beatles fanatic by the name of Susan Houghton .
It ’s worth noting that the owner of the soon - to - be - grime - covered Ford Classic at Forthlin Road , as mentioned in step 7 , was a certain Mr. McCartney .
Transcript follows .
( Source : Hard Rock Memorabilia ; Image of Harrison , via . )
Transcript
42 , BRODIE AVE .
MOSSLEY HILL
LIVERPOOL 18 .
Dear Susan ,
I hope you had a good chrimbo , and have a happy nuclear ☮ too .
Thank you for giving my mum flowers and chocs .
[ It was you was n’t it ?? ]
Thanks also for the card , in fact THANKS A HEAP SUSAN .
“ Your too kind ” John Lennon
Instructions for washing car :-
1 /. Use plenty of soapy clean water , preferably warm .
2 /. When car is [ though it may take a lot of water ] - clean , leave to dry off for about 20 minutes .
[ You can have a cup of tea now ] .
3 / Now ask mother to find some dusters , [ 2 each ] and with the polish , apply with no.1 duster over an area of about 1 sq foot at a time , in a circular motion .
Do n’t leave it too long before polishing off .
This should be carried out until the car is spotless , and gleaming clean .
[ Do n’t forget the wheels ! ]
4 /. Take 1 brush or vacuum cleaner , and have a bash at the carpets .
They too can be made to look like new .
5 /. The windows [ interior ] should be polished now , after which you can retire for another tea .
6 /. Before returning home , I suggest you look over the car again , for any parts you may have missed out , on finding , they should be cleaned accordingly .
7 /. Now proceed to 20 Forthlin RD. with about 6 buckets full of dirty muddy greasey water , where a shiney Ford Classic will be seen .
Spread contents of the buckets evenly , so as to leave a nice film of muck over the car .
You can now return home knowing you have done your deed for the day .
Thank you !!!
Proceedings should be carried out about the 8th of January .
Thanks again for the cheerio for now do n’t forget Ban the Bog .
Love from George [ Harrison ] xxxxxx
Here , the control console is removed .
Top left is an ATX power supply .
Top right is the Jamma 48 - 1 PCB .
Lower portion is the control console ( turned upsdie down ) with push buttons and a switchable 4 - way / 8 - way joystick .
( Some games work better with 8 - way joysticks , others with 4 - way joysticks . )
The control console is held in with four technic pins hidden panels .
Some screws are used to hold the joystick in place ,
No LEGO pieces were cut or altered to make this .
Paul Thurrott , back on January 6 , reporting from CES :
In the meantime , I wanted to briefly discuss some of the stuff Lenovo is doing .
I spent about an hour and a half meeting with them this morning and while I am charitably described as a ThinkPad fanboy , the truth is , they just make the best notebooks on earth .
And now they ’re getting even better .
It ’s dizzying .
I posted a bit about this yesterday , but there is so much going on here .
In fact , their near - final version of a tiny notebook with a breakaway tablet screen absolutely kills anything Apple could possibly announce later this month .
It ’s not even close . [… ]
IdeaPad U1 hybrid notebook .
Shipping in the second half of 2010 , this is the device that will make Apple ’s supposed tablet look silly .
It ’s basically a clamshell netbook - class computer running Windows 7 .
But you can pop - off the screen and use just that as a tablet .
Larison 's take on the Democratic win in PA - 12 :
There are two major problems with the Republican approach to these House elections .
The first is that they tend to ignore or dismiss the interests of the specific district where they are competing in order to make a statement about national party agendas .
The national GOP wants these elections to be mandates against Pelosi / Reid ’s agenda or Obama ’s agenda , and the Democratic committees and party leadership are more concerned with winning the election contests .
The second problem is that they do n’t seem to understand that even in districts where Obama is not particularly popular and where most voters did not support him in 2008 , such as PA - 12 , most voters are not interested in vindicating a pre-scripted anti-Obama narrative .
So long as the Democratic candidates can present them with a more appealing message of continued government funding and the promise of economic support , they are not automatically going to rally behind the candidates of the more unpopular , discredited party .
You'd think there would be tea -party appeal in a red - state district with a departing incumbent about as earmark - laden as anyone on earth .
And yet ... not .
I do think there 's an anti-government tide out there ( I just wish it had stirred these past eight years ) but I 'm not sure it defines the politics of this moment .
The cross-currents and eddies , especially if the economy really does recover some more , may complicate a lot .
People love slashing government until you explain how you have to do it .
In Britain , the Tories were admirably candid about this last fall .
That 's one reason they are in a Liberal - Democrat coalition government today .
In other words , people are pro-tea until they actually face up to what it would mean .
And because elite conservatism has not staked out a feasible , concrete plan to tackle the debt , the space is left for the primal libertarian scream .
But a scream is not an argument .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Sometimes you see one fact that changes an entire debate .
When the debate is the issue of population growth then everyone in Australia needs to know !
The main justification used by the pro-growthists for the current massive rate of immigration into Australia is that we need to infuse younger people into our economy to support our ageing “ Baby - Boomers ” - the bulge in our demographic pyramid .
But how did we wind up with this bulge ?
The following analysis using data from Australia ’s Productivity Commission says it all :
As engineer Matt Mushalik states at his excellent “ Crude Oil Peak ” website :
Advertisement
The lightly shaded areas represent Australians and residents born overseas .
The immigration bulge will now move upwards and worsen the dependency ratio .
This is the bill to be paid for earlier immigration which now leads to a premature aging because immigrants are fed sideways into the population pyramid , an unnatural process .
The economic argument that younger immigrants reduce the average age of the population is static , but demography is about a dynamic process over time .
The “ core ” Australian pyramid ( solid colors ) looks quite healthy ( triangle shape ) but at the price of that immigration bulge which brought up part of the bottom of the pyramid .
Without immigration , the shape of the lower part of the pyramid would be vertical instead of slightly widening at its base .
It is obvious from this analysis that the previous immigration booms of the latter half of the 20th century are what created Australia ’s “ Baby Boomer Bulge ” problem that we are now trying to grapple with .
But just as you cannot cure an alcoholic by giving him more alcohol , neither can you “ cure ” a top - heavy demographic pyramid by boosting immigration .
All that will do is create another “ bulge ” of even greater proportions that will be even more difficult to resolve !
The Australian Baby Boomers have enjoyed the benefits of decades of oil - fuelled post - World War II economic growth .
( Having been born in 1962 , I am sometimes regarded as one of them . )
However , now that they are beginning to enter retirement they are worried that they will not be able to be supported in the rampantly consumerist lifestyle to which they have become accustomed .
Who will pay for it ?
So they are handballing the problem ( much increased ) onto the next generation ( their children ) by boosting immigration !
What makes this situation all the more disgusting and immoral is that it was the Baby Boomers that , in the late 1960s and early 1970s , received clear warnings that rampant population and consumption growth was incompatible with long - term human survival on a finite planet .
They chose to ignore those warnings ( that are now proving true ( PDF 706KB ) ) - it was more convenient to believe the deluded economists who believe there is no such thing as a finite resource .
Now , as oil production peaks , global warming takes hold and food production shows signs of faltering they continue to refuse to acknowledge the recklessness of their behaviour and the threat it poses to their children ’s survival .
If Generations X , Y and Z understood what was being done to them , what would they say ?
Peter Costello was right - “ demography IS destiny ” .
He just forgot to tell us that our destiny is to pay for our parents ’ failures .
Advertisement
Resolving the Baby - Boomer Bulge will be tough but it should be the responsibility of the Boomers , not their children .
If we can do it without net immigration then Australia ’s children can reap the benefits .
As Queensland ’s former Minister for Sustainability , Climate Change and Innovation .
Andrew McNamara pointed out ( PDF 63KB ) , a common characteristic of the world ’s wealthiest nations is that they have small , stable populations .
Make - up and common cosmetics have been around for centuries .
In the olden days cosmetics were at times , very dangerous , and could be fatal .
Egyptian women would use kohl as a method to line and darken the eyes .
Women throughout the 19th century would often use lead oxide and carbonate as a way to create whiter skin .
Others used belladonna in their eyes in order to create a sparkle .
While cosmetics are meant to enhance beauty and make one prettier , the ingredients used are n’t always the prettiest .
Some of these are very common while others are used far and between .
However , it ’s safe to say that these ingredients are n’t ones you ’d probably think are in your cosmetics bag .
10 . Waste cooking oil
Scientists and cosmetic lines have found out that by using waste cooking oil , a certain type of surfactant is created which is then put into cosmetics .
So what ’s it do to make you a little bit prettier ?
Supposedly , the surfactant helps to regenerate damaged skin .
Many of these companies will get the waste oil from fast food restaurants and cafés .
A little gross but if you can put something to good use , do it !
9. Oleoresin Capsicum
If you ’re a police officer or someone who requires some painful self - defense , you may know what Oleoresin Capsicum is .
Better known as “ OC spray ” or just “ pepper spray , ” this substance is widely used in sprays by police men , law enforcement , and often hikers who may encounter dangerous animals .
It ’s definitely known for being painful , and even able to cause temporary blindness when it makes contact with the eye .
However , the substance , usually extracted as capsaicin from chilies , is also used in cosmetics .
If you ’ve ever used a lipstick or lipgloss , or some other cosmetic that has a “ tingly ” feel to it , you can rest assured that it ’s the oleoresin capsicum giving you that feeling .
And no , shoving your lipstick in the eye of your ex boyfriend wo n’t keep him away .
8. Chicken bone marrow
Chicken bone marrow is just one of the many animal parts used in the making of cosmetics .
It is said that chicken bone marrow is full of glucosamine , which is great to use on the skin as it promotes new healthy growth for a youthful look .
Chicken bone marrow is also considered to be an anti-inflammatory .
You ’d more than likely find this product in moisturizers as well as face creams .
7. Fish scales
Ever used any type of cosmetic that had a shimmer to it ?
Maybe lotion , nail polish , or lipstick ?
If you have , that lovely shimmer you wore more than likely came from the use of fish scales .
Pearlescence , as it ’s called , is the silver shiny substance found in fish scales that is often used in cosmetics to give them that glow and shimmer .
Herring is mainly used to obtain the pearlescence and today it is one of the most supplemented fish by - products in the world .
6. Cochineal dye
While you ’re not likely to find cochineal dye listed as an ingredient in your cosmetics , you just may find carmine , cochineal , or carminic acid .
If you find any of these ingredients listed , you probably are using a cosmetic that has some sort of red hue to it , such as lipstick .
Though it seems pretty harmless , this dye used in a lot of cosmetics comes from cochineal beetles .
The bugs are drowned in hot water , dried , and then ground to a fine powder .
The crimson red dye is then extracted and used in whatever beauty product you can imagine .
It ’s also used in food products as well , such as gelatins , juices , and even candy .
5. Bull semen
As surprising as it seems , using semen in cosmetics did n’t just start .
It ’s been a long - time tradition to use cod sperm in lotions as it provides a quality that binds water .
However , most recently , some companies and salons have begun to use nothing other than bull semen .
According to a U.K. salon , bull semen provides any type of hair with a brilliant sheen that no other substance can match .
The salon , known as Hari ’s Salon , uses bull semen mixed with katria root , to neutralize the odor , and viola , shiny hair .
If you ’re up for some semen in your hair , take a trip to the U.K. with $ 90 in hand .
Maybe the cowboys know something we do n’t .
4. Human foreskin
Looking for the fountain of youth ?
Look no further than foreskin .
It probably sounds a little bit gross , and probably a little bit unethical to some , but human foreskin is actually used by numerous cosmetic companies around the world .
In the medical field , human foreskin has been used for years as a method to cultivate new skin growth , instead of performing skin graphs on burn patients .
It ’s been proven to work much more effectively .
The same method is also used in the cosmetics world .
Companies , the most notable being SkinMedica , use foreskin fibroblasts in cosmetic creams and collagens , especially those made to reduce wrinkles .
It is said that one piece of foreskin from a baby boy can be used to create about 4 acres of new skin .
3. Ambergris
Ambergris ; sounds like something nice , maybe pretty , however , it ’s everything but that .
It ’s actually a gray or black substance that is found in the digestive system of sperm whales , we ’ll just call it bile , or “ whale by - product , ” both work .
Despite its dark color and waxy texture , ambergris is said to have a very earthy and sweet smell to it .
The substance was widely used in cosmetics , especially perfumes because of its smell .
However , not many companies use it today as synthetic scents have become much more popular .
Whoever decided to smell this definitely has some guts !
2. Urea
Who knew urine contained something cosmetic companies would flip over ?
Urea , a chief waste product of our body as well as from animals , is used in antiperspirants , moisturizers , mouthwashes , deodorants , and shampoos .
That ’s right ; you ’re getting all beautified with the help of an organic compound in urine !
Urea is used because it is known to absorb , attract and retain water , and contains vitamins A , D , E , and K .
Not only does it work wonders on sweat and moisturizing , it is also a great anti-inflammatory as well as a sun protection .
Thankfully , most companies now use synthetic urea instead of extracting it from a horse .
1. Human placenta
If you ’re Tom Cruise , a mom , or a father brave enough to stay in the delivery room , you probably know what a placenta is , and I doubt it ’s something you want to remember knowing about or even seeing .
Despite how disgusting they look , some people have actually found a new use for them : cosmetics .
The company Plazan has created and manufactured an entire line of cosmetics made with human placenta .
Why placenta ?
Apparently cosmetics that use hormones extracted from the placenta , such as Hyaluronic Acid and Protein Hydrolysate , help to promote tissue growth , which is very effective in removing wrinkles .
As if it ’s any better , our bodies do n’t become reliant upon products with human placenta because it ’s made with our biological structure , both those products that use animal placenta are another story .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
View full size
WASHINGTON --
The Internal Revenue Service says oil spill victims who receive BP payments for lost wages will have to pay up come tax time .
Under current law , BP payments for lost wages are taxable -- just like the wages would have been , the IRS said in tax guidance issued Friday .
Payments for physical injuries or property loss , however , are generally tax free .
Payments for emotional distress ?
Taxable , though medical expenses related to the emotional distress are deductible .
BP officials have agreed to create a $ 20 billion fund for spill victims , as well as a $ 100 million fund to support displaced oil rig workers .
The IRS issued the guidance today to help spill victims sort through the law 's complexities .
The agency has posted tax information for oil spill victims on its website and plans to hold forums in seven Gulf Coast cities on July 17 to help victims with tax troubles or questions .
" As residents of the region cope with the evolving situation , I want to assure them that the IRS will be doing everything it can to provide tax help to those who need it , " IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman said .
" We encourage anyone who has an issue with the IRS to contact us and explain their hardship , and we will work with them to find a solution . "
" We 'll do everything we can under current law to help taxpayers , " Shulman added .
Rep. Charlie Melancon , D - La. , introduced a bill this week to exempt from taxes all BP payments to spill victims , though its prospects for becoming law were uncertain .
" Compensation from BP will help , but during this uncertain time Louisianians will need to stretch every dollar and should not have to worry about setting aside a portion of the payments for taxes , " Melancon said in a statement .
Ken Hoagland , chairman of the National FairTax campaign , an anti-tax group , said , " These modest payments are just putting food on the table and should not be taxed . "
The IRS has a number of programs to help people who make a good - faith effort but cannot afford to pay their tax bills .
Agents can postpone collections in certain hardship cases or allow delinquent taxpayers to skip installment payments if they have made timely payments in the past .
The IRS will hold its July 17 forums for oil victims in these cities : Mobile , Ala . ; Panama City , Fla. ; Pensacola , Fla. ; New Orleans ; Houma , La. ; Baton Rouge , La. ; and Gulfport , Miss .
Read followup post with IRS FAQ on oil spill tax issues
Roger Witter 's good intentions landed him in jail late Tuesday .
Gresham police say Witter , 48 , was in an
at 533 Northwest Division Street in Gresham when two men
.
Witter witnessed the theft and , instead of waiting for police , he took off after the men , firing at their getaway car .
He told police he intended to " shoot out the tires , " but it is unclear where the rounds ended up , though police said he fired in a direct line with the Gresham City Hall Max station and the adjacent Park & Ride .
Witter , a customer at the store , told police he did n't feel that his own life – or anyone else 's – was in danger .
He said he was trying to help police .
But instead he got himself into hot water .
Officers ended up arresting Witter , accusing him of unlawful use of a weapon , reckless endangerment disorderly conduct and unlawful discharge of a firearm .
His handgun and concealed weapons permit were seized .
" It is important to remember that no matter how frustrated one may be with crime and the criminal justice system , it is not permissible to use deadly force in this type of situation , " Gresham Sgt. Rick Wilson said in announcing Witter 's arrest .
" Those two rounds could 've gone anywhere .
In fact , we 're still not sure where they went .
They could 've struck an innocent bystander or damaged property . "
Wednesday morning , a gun lobbyist said he realized that Witter was trying to do the right thing but did n't show good judgment .
" I understand the person 's frustration , " said gun lobbyist Kevin Starrett , with the Oregon Firearms Federation , a pro-firearms group .
" I can understand his desire to be helpful .
But it was not the thing to do .
You cant shoot someone 's tires out ; its just not TV . "
The two suspects , who fled in a silver - colored Chrysler , remained at large this morning .
Both are described as 5 - foot - 10 to 5 - foot - 11 inches tall , and about 20 to 30 years of age .
One was wearing a gray and black horizontally striped hooded sweatshirt , blue jeans and white tennis shoes .
The other was wearing a brown hooded sweatshirt , blue jeans and dark shoes .
Their Chrsyler was last seen heading westbound on Northwest Division .
Witter , meanwhile , has been released from jail .
Reached at his Rockwood home this morning , Witter talked to The Oregonian .
" I 'm not a cowboy , " he said .
" I 'm not a hero .
I was just doing what I always try to do : help . "
AT&T employees at the store Wednesday morning declined to talk about the incident , but a spokeswoman for AT&T issued a statement .
" AT&T takes this matter very seriously , " said Colleen Smith , spokesperson for AT&T .
" We are cooperating with law enforcement and I 'd refer you to law enforcement for any further details or comment . "
--
All of the above , plus a hand in what I write !
Nine scenes are up for grabs !
Each will take place in the same world as " Hailing from the Edge " , based on nine different exercises from " The 3 A.M Epiphany " and clock in between 400 and 1000 words .
By pledging $ 35 you pick a number , one through two - hundred , and that is the prompt I use !
Less
January 26th , 2010 | Artist : Andrew Plein
I run a featured article over on PixelatedGeek.com called Things to Look Forward to .
Essentially it ’s a Release List for the week .
This week is certainly a special week for myself with the release of Mass Effect 2 .
I figured what would the Mass Effect universe be like with a new Captain
Click here for the latest :
Things to Look Foward to
Hello loves !
This is going to be something between a rational explanation and a rant .
If someone reading this fears that this might be about them and their fanfiction specifically , NO , it 's not .
I 've seen this is so many fanfics ... almost ALL the fanfics that even mention anything related to money , cost , income , paychecks , or anything economic ... that this applies to almost everyone who is writing Star Trek fanfic but who does n't have a life - long grounding in Star Trek philosophy .
Here are a few things you need to know about economics CANON in Star Trek .
This is n't a judgment call , nor a decree of whether it 's the right way or the wrong way to structure an economy .
I 'm NOT telling you that this is the way the future WILL be or SHOULD be .
No , this is just telling you how it is in CANON : Capitalism is dead .
That 's right - on Earth , in the very least , in Star Trek canon , Capitalism is DEAD .
This is a post - scarcity society .
Nobody hungers , nobody goes without the basic necessities .
And yes , it 's pure socialism .
That 's canon .
BUT !
I hear you scream , they use credits !
That 's money !
BZZZZT !
Wrong .
Credits are not money in a capitalistic sense .
They can't accumulate wealth .
They can't amass interest .
They 're not used for necessities like food , clothing , and shelter .
" Credits " are a system based on the Federation 's trade agreements with other planets , so that they can barter and " purchase " things directly from other societies .
In other words , for those societies that still use money , the Federation ( which has abundance of goods ) uses itself as collateral for its citizens ( not just humans ) to exchange goods and services .
Then who does the shit work ?
Menial tasks are automated .
Yep !
All the boring stuff is done for you .
Yay technology !
And that frees sentient beings to take on the true challenges - science , art , exploration , creativity , self - improvement , and the improvement of society .
You are now free to tend a 200 - year old vineyard and decant the perfect wine ( like Picard 's uncle ) .
You are now free to have the log cabin in the woods and raise horses ( like Kirk ) .
You are free to pursue the next great discovery in medicine without having to worry about grant money , supply shortage , or college loans !
You can move to a farming colony for an " old- fashioned " life .
You can design the next great innovation in trans - warp travel for the sheer joy of seeing IF YOU CAN !
You can do what you want with your life , and make it your own .
Those who join Starfleet do n't do it because they 're poor and need to " enlist " in the military .
They do it because they have a passion for exploration , discovery , and adventure ... and it's hard as hell to get in .
Then what 's the point of living ?
you might ask .
Or doing anything productive ?
Uh ... maybe because you like what you do ?
If the only point of living you can imagine is the acquisition of wealth and mere subsistence , and you can't imagine working unless you HAVE TO , then you really can't understand the Star Trek universe .
Do you mean to tell me that if someone was going to feed you , put a roof over your head , and give you all the basics , you 'd just sit in your house and never see the light of day ?
You 'd do NOTHING in the interest of self - improvement ?
Or the improvement of society ?
No creative ventures ?
You would n't pursue the arts ?
Sciences ?
Anthropology ?
History ?
You would have NOTHING to do in life if you did n't have to work to feed yourself ?
Damn , that 's sad .
And fuck , if you 're reading this , you 're probably part of fandom , and it 's very likely that you 've read some of my fanfiction .
Think about this for just a moment , would ya ?
WHY do we write fanfiction ?
We do n't get paid .
The only return we get is the applause and recognition of our peers if we write something good .
No profit , no revenue .
We do it because we love it , right ?
For the thrill of creating something new , telling a story , expressing an idea .
Competition still exists in Star Trek canon - the determination to learn something new , to accomplish , to create , be the first one to try something , toYeah , That 's what the future society of Star Trek values - the constant quest for self - improvement and societal - improvement .
Seriously , you 're saying you 'd keep working if you did n't have to ?
You bet your ass .
In fact , if money was no object , I would have gone to med school - a far more labor - intensive endeavor than my current occupation as a biologist working in safety at a research hospital .
I would n't care about making money .
As long as my needs were met , I 'd WANT to work in research , cure diseases , heal the sick , and so on .
Why the heck am I staying in my current job ?
Because I need health insurance and steady income right now , and in this fucked - up economy based around scarcity , my primary concern is ME.
So I 'm assuming there 's still competition though , ya know , to get into med school , or Starfleet , or any of those things .
What do the non-genius types do ?
You know , one of my other dreams was to create a greenhouse and tea shop with a reading room .
I 've also wanted to make my own wine .
Or fancy cheese from goats that I 'd raise myself .
I used to work with horses ( had my own for a while ) , and I 'd love to train horses again .
I love to cook - maybe I 'd be a chef .
And then there 's my wife - she 'd love to costume and do old - fashioned seamstress and tailoring work .
She likes brewing wine , too .
And while I have n't interrogated her about her personal ambitions ( money aside ) , I 'm sure she 's got things she 'd like to do if money were no object .
Then how the fuck do they maintain society if everyone gets to do whatever the hell they want ?
This post is about Trekonomics , not government , but in short ... if you want to wrap your head around Star Trek canon , you have to accept the fact that this is an improved society .
This is a society that went through a war that literally almost destroyed the planet .
This is a society of people whose ancestors learned their lessons for them , and they 're not about to regress .
This is a society where people have personal ambitions , and a sense of order .
A world government and socialism ... ooooh , all that stuff that scares the crap out of right - wing religious fundamentalists .
Seriously , it 's amazing that any conservatives like Star Trek , but they do .
They must not realize what they 're watching .
Wait a minute , then what about the ranks in Starfleet ?
Does n't the Captain get better accommodations than an Ensign ?
Yes , and with privilege comes responsibility , and privilege only comes from hard work IF you want to work your way up the ranks .
Rank does n't make you more valuable as a human being .
You do n't " earn " more , although you do get bigger quarters .
And you earn your way up ...
NOT for the money , but for the prestige , and for the sheer exhilaration of leadership and accomplishment .
I got out of the Army due to an injury just a few months before I made the rank of Captain .
I seriously want to go back in just to achieve that rank .
It has nothing to do with the money , even though I would have had a pay raise .
I wanted to achieve it .
Oh come on , there 's capitalism in Star Trek .
Have n't you seen the Ferengi ?
Yes , and see how they 're viewed by members of the Federation ?
And when the Federation deals with trade , whether or not the Ferengi are involved , the purpose is to acquire materials NOT for profit , but for the continued pursuit of knowledge , exploration , discovery , and self - improvement .
If a Federation trade deal acquires some dilithium , nobody makes a personal profit , but perhaps Starfleet can power some new space ships for deep space exploration and discover something entirely new about the nature of the universe .
I 'm sorry , but I can't wrap my brain around this shit .
You can't tell me that a society can function without money .
Well , you may be right .
I 'm NOT saying that this is how it WILL be , or SHOULD be .
As I already tried to make abundantly clear , this is JUST a matter of establishing what is known of economics in Star Trek canon .
And bear in mind how different of a future this would be .
You and I have NEVER lived in a society without scarcity of goods and resources .
It 's kinda hard to imagine a system that assumes a completely different society structure and set of social values .
However , Gene Roddenberry did , and this is his universe .
We 're playing in the sandbox that he created , and this is what he gave us .
If you want to brush aside canon when you write , go ahead , but please BE AWARE OF IT !
Understand what 's canon , and realize that certain things we take for granted in 21st century Earth do not apply to Star Trek canon .
Here are some things that should NEVER be said or implied in a Star Trek fanfiction if you 're sticking to canon : 1. Starfleet 's " budget .
" 2 . Any reference to a person 's income or paycheck .
Or alimony .
Likewise , saving for retirement .
Why do you think there are 100 + year old people in Starfleet ?
I 'm sure they COULD retire , but if they love what they do , why should they stop ?
3 .
The " cost " of repairs .
( The limiting factors should be listed as " time " and " resources , " and the limited resources should be things that are known to be limited in canon , like dilithium . ) 4 .
Talking about people being " poor " or starving on Earth .
( Tarsus IV was a disaster of extenuating circumstances . ) 5 .
Any mention of people being unable to afford basic things like food , clothing , shelter , or medical care .
( That does n't mean that people like a young James T. Kirk would n't avoid going to a doctor out of sheer stubbornness .
) 6 . Competition for profit , unless you 're talking about a Ferengi .
( Now , people will compete for opportunities , prestige , and so on .
If you 've got , for example , four groups of engineers trying to design a new shield for space ships , they might compete to have their design accepted by Starfleet .
That would be canon - compliant .
However , a " lucrative " contract is not .
) 7 . Credits being used for essential things .
And no , booze is not " essential , " so using credits to buy drinks at a bar is within canon .
However : 1. People still have personal possessions .
This is a socialistic society , not a communistic society .
It 's just that the focus has shifted away from the accumulation of WEALTH .
Restoring an antique car for the joy of it ?
Within canon .
Accumulating 100 cars just so you can re-sell them for profit ?
Not within canon , and that mentality would n't be understood by a person of 23rd - century Earth in Star Trek canon .
2. " Menial " is re-defined .
Remember Boothby from TNG ?
The old groundskeeper at the Academy ?
He loved his plants , and despite the fact that he was n't faculty , he was highly respected .
Maybe we should re-think the concept of " menial labor " ourselves .
3 .
Maybe some people are n't " productive " by our current standards ... but who said they have to be ?
Tell me how to put a price tag on a painting .
So ... there it is .
You do n't have to like it , you do n't have to agree with the philosophy , but if you 're going to write Star Trek fanfiction , you need to be aware that you 're NOT dealing with a capitalistic economics system .
Love it or hate it , accept it or debate it - whatever you want .
But just be aware that in Gene Roddenberry 's universe , this is the way the chips fall .
Now , that 's not to say there are n't inconsistencies .
There 's a lovely list of those inconsistencies to be found here :
But still ... realize that almost none of the contradictions are found on Earth itself .
And none of these things involve the price of essential needs .
I 'll leave you with this : Live long and prosper .
NOW ... debate to yourself what " prosper " might actually mean in Vulcan society .
C++ Support in Clang
Clang fully implements all published ISO C++ standards ( C++98 / C++03 , C++11 , C++14 , and C++17 ) , and some of the upcoming C++20 standard .
The Clang community is continually striving to improve C++ standards compliance between releases by submitting and tracking C++ Defect Reports and implementing resolutions as they become available .
Experimental work is also under way to implement C++ Technical Specifications that will help drive the future of the C++ programming language .
The LLVM bug tracker contains Clang C++ components that track known bugs with Clang 's language conformance in each language mode .
C++98 implementation status
Clang implements all of the ISO C++ 1998 standard ( including the defects addressed in the ISO C++ 2003 standard ) except for export ( which was removed in C++11 ) .
C++11 implementation status
Clang 3.3 and later implement all of the ISO C++ 2011 standard .
By default , Clang builds C++ code according to the C++98 standard , with many C++11 features accepted as extensions .
You can use Clang in C++11 mode with the - std=c + +11 option .
Clang 's C++11 mode can be used with libc+ + or with gcc 's libstdc ++.
List of features and minimum Clang version with support Language Feature C++11 Proposal Available in Clang ?
Rvalue references N2118 Clang 2.9 P1825R0 ( DR ) No Rvalue references for * this N2439 Clang 2.9 Initialization of class objects by rvalues N1610 Clang 2.9 Non-static data member initializers N2756 Clang 3.0 Variadic templates N2242 Clang 2.9 Extending variadic template template parameters N2555 Clang 2.9 Initializer lists N2672 Clang 3.1 P1009R2 ( DR ) Clang 9 P1957R2 ( DR ) Clang 11 Static assertions N1720 Clang 2.9 auto - typed variables N1984 Clang 2.9 Multi- declarator auto N1737 Clang 2.9 Removal of auto as a storage - class specifier N2546 Clang 2.9 New function declarator syntax N2541 Clang 2.9 Lambda expressions N2927 Clang 3.1 P0588R1 ( DR ) No Declared type of an expression N2343 Clang 2.9 Incomplete return types N3276 Clang 3.1 Right angle brackets N1757 Clang 2.9 Default template arguments for function templates DR226 Clang 2.9 Solving the SFINAE problem for expressions DR339 Clang 2.9 Alias templates N2258 Clang 3.0 Extern templates N1987 Clang 2.9 Null pointer constant N2431 Clang 3.0 Strongly - typed enums N2347 Clang 2.9 Forward declarations for enums N2764
DR1206 Clang 3.1 Standardized attribute syntax N2761 Clang 3.3 ( 1 ) Generalized constant expressions N2235 Clang 3.1 P0859R0 ( DR ) Clang 8 Alignment support N2341 Clang 3.3 Conditionally - support behavior N1627 Clang 2.9 Changing undefined behavior into diagnosable errors N1727 Clang 2.9 Delegating constructors N1986 Clang 3.0 Inheriting constructors N2540 Clang 3.3 P0136R1 ( DR ) Clang 3.9 Explicit conversion operators N2437 Clang 3.0 New character types N2249 Clang 2.9 Unicode string literals N2442 Clang 3.0 Raw string literals N2442 Clang 3.0 Universal character names in literals N2170 Clang 3.1 User - defined literals N2765 Clang 3.1 Standard Layout Types N2342 Clang 3.0 Defaulted functions N2346 Clang 3.0 P1286R2 ( DR ) Clang 9 Deleted functions N2346 Clang 2.9 Extended friend declarations N1791 Clang 2.9 Extending sizeof N2253
DR850 Clang 3.1 Inline namespaces N2535 Clang 2.9 Unrestricted unions N2544 Clang 3.1 Local and unnamed types as template arguments N2657 Clang 2.9 Range - based for N2930 Clang 3.0 P0962R1 ( DR ) Clang 8 Explicit virtual overrides N2928
N3206
N3272 Clang 3.0 Minimal support for garbage collection and reachability - based leak detection N2670 N/ A ( 2 ) Allowing move constructors to throw [ noexcept ] N3050 Clang 3.0 Defining move special member functions N3053 Clang 3.0 Concurrency Sequence points N2239 Clang 3.3 Atomic operations N2427 Clang 3.1 Strong Compare and Exchange N2748 Clang 3.1 ( 3 ) Bidirectional Fences N2752 Clang 3.1 Memory model N2429 Clang 3.2 Data - dependency ordering : atomics and memory model N2664 Clang 3.2 ( 4 ) Propagating exceptions N2179 Clang 2.9 Allow atomics use in signal handlers N2547 Clang 3.1 Thread - local storage N2659 Clang 3.3 ( 5 ) Dynamic initialization and destruction with concurrency N2660 Clang 2.9 C99 Features in C++11 __func__ predefined identifier N2340 Clang 2.9 C99 preprocessor N1653 Clang 2.9 long long N1811 Clang 2.9 Extended integral types N1988 N/ A ( 6 ) ( 1 ) : The [ [ carries_dependency ] ] attribute has no effect .
(2 ) : No compiler changes are required for an implementation such as Clang that does not provide garbage collection .
(3 ) : All compare - exchange operations are emitted as strong compare - exchanges .
( 4 ) : memory_order_consume is lowered to memory_order_acquire .
( 5 ) : thread_local support requires a C++ runtime library providing __cxa_thread_atexit , such as libc + + abi 3.6 or later , or libsupc + + 4.8 or later .
(6 ) : No compiler changes are required for an implementation such as Clang that does not provide any extended integer types .
__int128 is not treated as an extended integer type , because changing intmax_t would be an ABI - incompatible change .
C++14 implementation status
Clang 3.4 and later implement all of the ISO C++ 2014 standard .
You can use Clang in C++14 mode with the - std=c + +14 option ( use - std=c ++1y in Clang 3.4 and earlier ) .
List of features and minimum Clang version with support Language Feature C++14 Proposal Available in Clang ?
Tweak to certain C++ contextual conversions N3323 Clang 3.4 Binary literals N3472 Clang 2.9 decltype( auto ) N3638 Clang 3.3 Return type deduction for normal functions Clang 3.4 Initialized lambda captures N3648 Clang 3.4 Generic lambdas N3649 Clang 3.4 Variable templates N3651 Clang 3.4 Relaxing requirements on constexpr functions N3652 Clang 3.4 Member initializers and aggregates N3653 Clang 3.3 Clarifying memory allocation N3664 Clang 3.4 [ [ deprecated ] ] attribute N3760 Clang 3.4 Single quotation mark as digit separator N3781 Clang 3.4 C++ Sized Deallocation N3778 Clang 3.4 ( 7 ) ( 7 ) : In Clang 3.7 and later , sized deallocation is only enabled if the user passes the - fsized - deallocation flag .
The user must supply definitions of the sized deallocation functions , either by providing them explicitly or by using a C++ standard library that does .
libstdc++ added these functions in version 5.0 , and libc + + added them in version 3.7 .
C++17 implementation status
Clang 5 and later implement all the features of the ISO C++ 2017 standard .
You can use Clang in C++17 mode with the - std=c+ +17 option ( use - std=c + + 1z in Clang 4 and earlier ) .
List of features and minimum Clang version with support Language Feature C++17 Proposal Available in Clang ?
static_assert with no message N3928 Clang 3.5 Disabling trigraph expansion by default N4086 Clang 3.5 typename in a template template parameter N4051 Clang 3.5 New auto rules for direct - list - initialization N3922 Clang 3.8 ( 8 ) Fold expressions N4295 Clang 3.6 P0036R0 Clang 3.9 u8 character literals N4267 Clang 3.6 Nested namespace definition N4230 Clang 3.6 Attributes for namespaces and enumerators N4266 Clang 3.6
Allow constant evaluation for all non -type template arguments N4268 Clang 3.6 Remove deprecated register storage class P0001R1 Clang 3.8 Remove deprecated bool increment P0002R1 Clang 3.8
Make exception specifications part of the type system P0012R1 Clang 4 __has_include in preprocessor conditionals P0061R1
Yes [ [ fallthrough ] ] attribute P0188R1 Clang 3.9 [ [ nodiscard ] ] attribute P0189R1 Clang 3.9 P1771R1 ( DR ) Clang 9 [ [ maybe_unused ] ] attribute P0212R1 Clang 3.9 Aggregate initialization of classes with base classes P0017R1 Clang 3.9 constexpr lambda expressions P0170R1 Clang 5 Differing begin and end types in range - based for P0184R0 Clang 3.9 Lambda capture of * this P0018R3 Clang 3.9 Direct - list - initialization of enum s P0138R2 Clang 3.9 Hexadecimal floating - point literals P0245R1 Yes Using attribute namespaces without repetition P0028R4 Clang 3.9 Dynamic memory allocation for over - aligned data P0035R4 Clang 4 Template argument deduction for class templates P0091R3 Clang 5 P0512R0 P0620R0 ( DR ) Clang 7 P0702R1 ( DR ) Clang 6
Non -type template parameters with auto type P0127R2 Clang 4 Guaranteed copy elision P0135R1 Clang 4 Stricter expression evaluation order P0145R3 Clang 4 ( 9 ) P0400R0 Requirement to ignore unknown attributes P0283R2 Yes constexpr if - statements P0292R2 Clang 3.9 Inline variables P0386R2 Clang 3.9 Structured bindings P0217R3 Clang 4 P0961R1 ( DR ) Clang 8 P0969R0 ( DR ) Clang 8 Separate variable and condition for if and switch P0305R1 Clang 3.9 Matching template template parameters to compatible arguments P0522R0 Partial ( 10 ) Removing deprecated dynamic exception specifications P0003R5 Clang 4 Pack expansions in using - declarations P0195R2 Clang 4 ( 8 ) :
This is a backwards - incompatible change that is applied to all language versions that allow type deduction from auto ( per the request of the C++ committee ) .
In Clang 3.7 , a warning is emitted for all cases that would change meaning .
( 9 ) : Under the MS ABI , function parameters are destroyed from left to right in the callee .
As a result , function parameters in calls to operator << , operator >> , operator ->* , operator&& , operator|| , and operator , functions using expression syntax are no longer guaranteed to be destroyed in reverse construction order in that ABI .
( 10 ) : Despite being the resolution to a Defect Report , this feature is disabled by default in all language versions , and can be enabled explicitly with the flag - frelaxed - template - template - args in Clang 4 onwards .
The change to the standard lacks a corresponding change for template partial ordering , resulting in ambiguity errors for reasonable and previously - valid code .
This issue is expected to be rectified soon .
C++20 implementation status
Clang has support for some of the features of the ISO C++ 2020 Draft International Standard .
You can use Clang in C++20 mode with the - std=c++20 option ( use - std=c + + 2a in Clang 9 and earlier ) .
List of features and minimum Clang version with support Language Feature C++20 Proposal Available in Clang ?
Default member initializers for bit - fields P0683R1 Clang 6 const& - qualified pointers to members P0704R1 Clang 6 Allow lambda - capture [ = , this ]
P0409R2 Clang 6 __VA_OPT__ for preprocessor comma elision P0306R4 Clang 6 P1042R1 Clang 9 Designated initializers P0329R4 Clang 10 template - parameter - list for generic lambdas P0428R2 Clang 9 Concepts P0734R0 Clang 10 P0857R0 P1084R2 P1141R2 P0848R3 No P1616R1 Clang 10 P1452R2 P1972R0 No P1980R0 P2103R0 No P2092R0 P2113R0
Range - based for statements with initializer P0614R1 Clang 8 ADL and function templates that are not visible P0846R0 Clang 9 const mismatch with defaulted copy constructor P0641R2 Clang 8 Consistent comparison ( operator < = > )
P0515R3 Clang 10 P0905R1 P1120R0 P1185R2 P1186R3 P1630R1 P1946R0 P1959R0 P2002R1 Partial P2085R0
No Access checking on specializations P0692R1 Partial Default constructible and assignable stateless lambdas P0624R2 Clang 8 Lambdas in unevaluated contexts P0315R4 No [ [ no_unique_address ] ] attribute P0840R2 Clang 9 [ [ likely ] ] and [ [ unlikely ] ] attributes P0479R5 Clang 12 ( partial ) typename optional in more contexts P0634R3 No Pack expansion in lambda init - capture P0780R2 Clang 9 Class types as non -type template parameters P0732R2 No P1907R1 Destroying operator delete P0722R3 Clang 6 Relaxations of constexpr restrictions P1064R0 Clang 9 P1002R1 Clang 8 P1327R1 Clang 9 P1330R0 P1331R2 Clang 10 P1668R1 P0784R7
Prohibit aggregates with user - declared constructors P1008R1 Clang 8 Feature test macros P0941R2 ( see below ) explicit ( bool ) P0892R2 Clang 9
Signed integers are two 's complement P1236R1 Clang 9 char8_t P0482R6 Clang 7 ( 11 ) Immediate functions ( consteval ) P1073R3 No P1937R2 std::is_constant_evaluated P0595R2 Clang 9 Nested inline namespaces P1094R2 Clang 8 Structured binding extensions P1091R3 Partial P1381R1 Stronger Unicode requirements P1041R4 Yes P1139R2 Parenthesized initialization of aggregates P0960R3 No P1975R0 Modules P1103R3 Partial P1766R1 ( DR ) Clang 11 P1811R0 No P1703R1 P1874R1 Partial P1979R0 No P1779R3 P1857R3 P2115R0 Partial P1815R2 No Coroutines P0912R5 Partial Deprecate a[ b , c ] P1161R3 Clang 9
Deprecate some problematic uses of volatile P1152R4 Clang 10 [ [ nodiscard ( " with reason " ) ] ]
P1301R4 Clang 9 using enum P1099R5
No Class template argument deduction for aggregates P1816R0 No P2082R1 Class template argument deduction for alias templates P1814R0 No Permit conversions to arrays of unknown bound P0388R4 No constinit P1143R2 Clang 10 Pseudo - destructors end object lifetimes P0593R6 ( DR ) Clang 11 ( 11 ) : Prior to Clang 8 , this feature is not enabled by - std=c ++20 , but can be enabled with - fchar8_t .
Defect reports
Clang generally aims to implement resolutions to Defect Reports ( bug fixes against prior standards ) retroactively , in all prior standard versions where the fix is meaningful .
Significant Defect Report changes to language features after the publication of the relevant standard are marked ( DR ) in the above table .
Clang also has a test suite for conformance to resolutions for issues on the C++ core issues list , most of which are considered Defect Reports .
Implementation status for C++ core issues based on that test suite is tracked on a separate page .
Technical specifications and standing documents
ISO C++ also publishes a number of documents describing additional language and library features that are not part of standard C++.
Photo : urban don .
Landlord says no pets ?
End -run the rulebook with a robot .
Is n't this fellow , hacked out of a child 's toy by the awe - inspiring Don Pezzano , just adorable ?
But perhaps mutant Furbies are not to your taste .
There are , of course , alternatives .
Think " robot dog , " think Aibo , Sony 's much - loved computerized canine .
Discontinued in 2006 , the various models could see , walk , recognize commands and even learn from their environment and other Aibos .
Sony fought a copyright war with Aibo owners to prevent them hacking the machines using third - party software , but eventually relented and released their internal programmer 's kit to the public .
Your best bet nowadays is Ebay .
Photo : Alden Chadwick .
Extra Ketchup 's reincarnation of Doctor Who companion K - 9 has advantages over the TV prop original : " my K - 9 is a real , programmable , electronic robot … made of metal , powered by a 12 volt lawn tractor battery , ( with ) an Intel Celeron processor for a brain . "
Lark Toys , a toy museum in Kellogg , MN , has this Meccanno - style pup in its gift shop .
Photo : Eda Cherry
WowWee Robotics ' Robopet is based on designs by Mark Tilden , according to Wikipedia .
It has 5 gearboxes , a 16 bit RISC processor , and the source code is 12 k of assembly language created by mark in the 1980s .
Photo : Sean Dreillinger .
Look familiar ?
This one is at Miraikan , Japan 's museum of the future .
Photo : Motoyen .
This pup lives at the Sonoma County Human Society .
Photo : Dogzen .
Most dogs come when called .
This one plays go .
( And he also goes to dinner ) Photo : Torisan3500 .
Photo : Robin Zebrowski's colorful robo-pup has a similarly cheerful master .
Genibo , one of the various successors left after Sony put Aibo out to pasture , searches for its master in this video posted by Aaron Nanto .
Gnesix took this shot for a college assignment ; the lighting is provided by portable LEDs .
The title Phillip Torrone gave to this shot says it all : small , medium , meat .
Boston Dynamics ' Big Dog ( what robot dog show could do without her ? ) is n't available for purchase just yet .
Here she is on the beach .
Look out for her on a busy battlefield near you .
There are so many compelling reasons for children to use open source .
If they develop skills and a body of work using open source software , it can follow them through high school , college , and even into the professional world .
It wo n't cost them or their school any license fees .
Using the open formats promoted by free & open source software , their writings and projects will stay accessible , avoiding bitrot .
Should the children develop a real interest in a particular tool , the nature of open source is such that they can actually affect change on the tool itself - by actions as small as filing a bug report right up to submitting patches and developing new features .
( Gunnar Hellekson started a great discussion on this last point , contrasting the OLPC vs. the iPad as educational platforms . )
The very nature of the open source way can serve as a great collaborative model for them to follow throughout their lives .
It is so important for our developing middle school students to see the possibilities in life , to begin to consider what their futures can be and to interact with such down to earth people as your selves .
You not only showed them a new software , you gave them a glimpse of what their future could be .
For us , the experience was more than learning Inkscape , it was the opening of a door .
-- Ken Bogacz , Blanchard Middle School Technology Coordinator , Westford Massachusetts
Assuming that we agree introducing children to open source is a worthwhile cause .
How exactly , then , can someone motivated to expose students to open source software approach a school , plan an effective program , and make it happen ?
For us , it started with a chat over coffee .
Jessica Huizenga , the energetic and forward - thinking principal of Blanchard Middle School in Westford , Massachusetts , met with groups of parents last fall over to share and brainstorm ideas for improving the school .
My Red Hat colleague , John Flanagan , had a suggestion :
Why do n't we introduce our children to free & open source software ?
Red Hat 's main engineering office is in Westford , Massachusetts - a little over a year ago , it moved to a building that is visible landmark along Littleton Road , one of the main routes in town .
John wondered , could Red Hatters introduce the students to the kinds of technology we work with , and solve a little bit of the mystery around that cool - looking logo ?
Would the students look to us - a company right in town , working on leading - edge technology - as an example of a possible future career path ?
Could we collaborate ?
John invited me to his post - coffee talk follow - up with Jessica in October , where she introduced us to teachers Ken Bogacz and Bill Froberg .
We all talked about how we could introduce the students to open source .
John and I brought along a comic book of student work that was produced in the summer of 2007 at Red Hat High , a week - long summer program where Red Hatters introduced graduating middle school students to open source creative tools .
Paging through this comic book with the Blanchard crew , I explained that I had taught the Red Hat High Inkscape class where the comics were produced and was confident that based on that experience , we could put together a pretty solid Inkscape course for their students .
How would we structure the course , though ?
Should Inkscape be treated as a tool supporting part of the standard academic curriculum - diagramming molecules for science class , perhaps ?
Alternatively , should Inkscape be the focus , and the students assigned a non-academic project as a means to learn computer vector graphics creation and Inkscape as a tool specifically ?
We opted for the latter option , as Bill and Ken identified a perfect way to work it into the school 's schedule - Team Time .
Blanchard Middle School has a cool concept called Team Time - it 's a 40 - minute class period at the beginning of the school day , 7:40 AM to 8:20 AM , where students can participate in extracurricular activities , get extra help on schoolwork , or simply have extra time to on class projects .
Team
Time rotates every so often - we could do an 8 - 10 session program and plug into the schedule .
We agreed to run the class as part of the Team Time rotation starting in January .
We would do a class we hoped was fun for the students - have the students come up with a concept for a rock band , then design a logo for their rock band which would be printed on a T - shirt .
We all got to work carrying out our plan to make the class happen :
Jessica and her crew met to identify potential students for the course , encouraged those students to apply for the course via essay , and selected students for the class roster - we would have 10 students , all 7th graders .
John secured a budget to supply Blanchard with 10 Wacom Bamboo Touch tablets , and arranged for us to head over to the school to try them out and make sure they would be compatible .
This was an important step , as we actually discovered a problem in the version of X11 available on the school 's OS X - based computers , and were able to update to a version of X11 that would support the tablets in Inkscape .
( We also tested out the tablets in Fedora and worked with Matthew Garrett to get better support for them in the kernel , but that 's a little orthogonal . :) )
Ken , who is the technology coordinator for the school , deployed Inkscape to the school 's computer labs and tested and set up the tablets with us .
I put together a rough course outline for the class with the help and feedback of the Fedora Design team , and Bill and Ken reviewed it and gave some suggestions .
I then started putting together the first set of worksheets for the students and prepped them for class .
I also recruited my colleague Eve McGlynn to help teach the sessions .
John talked to Walter Miska of EmbroidMe Chelmsford , a local printing business , about the class , and Walter volunteered not only to talk to the students about how the T - shirt printing process works , but also to produce and donate T - shirts of the students designs at the end of the class .
Finally , on January 8th , we were ready to roll .
The first class was a bootcamp - style introduction to Inkscape - we went through various essential basic Inkscape tasks one - by - one , such as panning the canvas and grouping objects , and then had the students immediately try them out through small exercises .
Walter came in and talked about T - shirt printing technologies at the second class , and we also taught the students about vector paths and how to work with the pen tool .
By the time we got to the 4th class , the students were coming up with band names and starting to develop logotypes for their bands .
Class sessions # 5 - 7 were primarily work periods for the students , with only the first 10 minutes of the class devoted to explaining a new technique .
At the end of session # 7 , we had designs ready to go for Walter to produce , and we handed out the T - shirts at the final session , # 8 .
After the excitement of the new shirts died down a bit , we took the rest of the last class period as a fun exploratory time : we introduced the students to OpenClipArt.org and we also showed them how to convert photos taken with their webcams into ' cartoon ' versions via the Inkscape trace bitmap tool ( a technique that proved to be very popular ! )
One of our goals with this class was not just to introduce these particular 10 precocious 7th graders to Inkscape and open source software in general , seeing their eyes light up as they got to see their computer designs emblazoned on a real - life T - shirt ( although that was , of course , completely awesome . )
We also wanted to document our entire process of doing so in an open manner , so that others could pick up where we left off , using our materials , including the students themselves !
To this end , all of the materials produced for the class - everything from the lesson plans , exercise sheets , to the T - shirt size signup sheet we gave to Walter so he would have the right sizes in stock - are licensed Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 3.0 .
Not only that , but the course materials were developed using free and open source software - namely , OpenOffice.org and Inkscape , but also the fonts used - and all of the source files used in their production are available to enable easy adaptation .
Finally , I kept a blog of each class session , going over how the lesson went , how the students reacted to the exercises , how we ran the class , and any issues / lessons learned in teaching that class that we ran into .
We hope this can also serve as useful documentation for anyone wanting to teach a similar class , both from logistical and inspirational perspectives !
Are you ready to run your own course at a local school ?
Here 's a grand list of takeaways from the class that we hope will help you :
Matt Jadud already brought this point home , but just to reiterate - the technology needs to just work .
I completely , irrevocably understand the desire to have students playing with a 100 % open source platform .
I also understand that kind of strict adherence to ' the cause ' is going to significantly limit the reach open source can have .
If the school has a lab of OS X or Windows computers , work with that .
Teaching kids is hard enough , teaching kids with computers involved even harder , teaching kids with computers using software unfamiliar to almost everyone involved exponentially so .
Do n't set yourself up to fail , and do n't set up the school to have a terrible first - time experience with free & open source software - because you 're going to sell ' the cause ' short .
Keep it simple .
.
I completely , irrevocably understand the desire to have students playing with a 100 % open source platform .
I also understand that kind of strict adherence to ' the cause ' is going to significantly limit the reach open source can have .
If the school has a lab of OS X or Windows computers , work with that .
Teaching kids is hard enough , teaching kids with computers involved even harder , teaching kids with computers using software unfamiliar to almost everyone involved exponentially so .
Do n't set yourself up to fail , and do n't set up the school to have a terrible first - time experience with free & open source software - because you 're going to sell ' the cause ' short .
Keep it simple .
Do a dry - run .
Especially if you 're going to be introducing more than one variable , as we did with both Inkscape and the usage of tablets .
It 's a good thing too , because Ken found a bug with the tablets we were able to fix during the dry run .
Had we not had enough time to find a solution to the problem , the students would n't have even been able to use the tablets at all !
.
Especially if you 're going to be introducing more than one variable , as we did with both Inkscape and the usage of tablets .
It 's a good thing too , because Ken found a bug with the tablets we were able to fix during the dry run .
Had we not had enough time to find a solution to the problem , the students would n't have even been able to use the tablets at all !
If you 're doing a finished product like a T - shirt , do a dry - run of production well - ahead of class as well .
Walter suggested this , and we discovered he could work much more easily with bitmap exports of the artwork than he could with the vector files .
If you do end up having to render out to bitmap , consider that some student files may take a while to render out ( one of our students ' files took 15 minutes to render ... she used a lot of blur filters ! ) and have a backup plan in case there is n't enough time during class to render .
.
Walter suggested this , and we discovered he could work much more easily with bitmap exports of the artwork than he could with the vector files .
If you do end up having to render out to bitmap , consider that some student files may take a while to render out ( one of our students ' files took 15 minutes to render ... she used a lot of blur filters ! ) and have a backup plan in case there is n't enough time during class to render .
Give the students time early on to explore the software freely on their own .
They 'll have an effective learning experience if they discover questions on their own and come to you to have them explained .
.
They 'll have an effective learning experience if they discover questions on their own and come to you to have them explained .
Tag - teaming instruction is pretty effective when computers are involved .
Inevitably , some stray menu item is going to cause a ruckus , and having a helper like Eve available to help the stuck student allows you to move on with the lesson without holding up the rest of the students .
.
Inevitably , some stray menu item is going to cause a ruckus , and having a helper like Eve available to help the stuck student allows you to move on with the lesson without holding up the rest of the students .
Do n't be afraid to collaborate with local businesses in supporting your program 's mission .
Walter was quite happy to talk to the students and produce the T - shirts to help support the school , and it really made a huge difference for the students to have something tangible - that they made - to take away from the class .
.
Walter was quite happy to talk to the students and produce the T - shirts to help support the school , and it really made a huge difference for the students to have something tangible - that they made - to take away from the class .
If you do collaborate with generous individuals such as Walter , try to plan and communicate as effectively as you can to make their job easier .
This is where I fell a little short during this class .
We did n't set hard deadlines for the students to submit their designs , so we ended up giving Walter a pretty short turnaround time on the T - shirt production .
While it did work out in the end , I feel badly since it was simple poor planning on my part .
Have the deadlines set and agreed upon in the beginning !
.
This is where I fell a little short during this class .
We did n't set hard deadlines for the students to submit their designs , so we ended up giving Walter a pretty short turnaround time on the T - shirt production .
While it did work out in the end , I feel badly since it was simple poor planning on my part .
Have the deadlines set and agreed upon in the beginning !
Provide ' extra - credit ' exploratory exercises for the extra-precocious students .
One of the students in the class routinely read ahead in the lesson plans , got through the exercises on his own , and finished the main lesson ahead of the other students .
We had some extra ' on your own ' exercises that were handed out at some of the lessons , originally intended for the students to play around with at home - and he dove right into them , fully occupied for the entire class period .
.
One of the students in the class routinely read ahead in the lesson plans , got through the exercises on his own , and finished the main lesson ahead of the other students .
We had some extra ' on your own ' exercises that were handed out at some of the lessons , originally intended for the students to play around with at home - and he dove right into them , fully occupied for the entire class period .
Give the students instructions on how to install the software as early on as possible .
We did n't hand out the instructions on downloading and installing Inkscape until the 4th session .
Whoops .
.
We did n't hand out the instructions on downloading and installing Inkscape until the 4th session .
Whoops .
Have the students save their work to a shared drive or USB key at the end of class , and try to get a feel for them ( especially as it gets closer to the project deadline ) of how they 're feeling on their work .
One of our students was on a field trip on the day the shirts were due because we did n't do this , so he received his shirt after the other students did .
One of our students was on a field trip on the day the shirts were due because we did n't do this , so he received his shirt after the other students did .
Speaking of files , develop a standard format for the filenames for students work .
We used each student 's first name , their T - shirt size , and their band name in their files .
.
We used each student 's first name , their T - shirt size , and their band name in their files .
Some of our students were really stumped on coming up with rock band concepts and ideas .
If we did the class over again , I would consider coming up with some pre-fabricated bands with names or several name options each , and having the students draw them out of a hat , so they did n't have agonize so much over creating the perfect band and lose Inkscape time ! :)
Bring a camera , and take shots of the students ' work ( with their permission , of course ! )
Having the student work from Red Hat High in 2007
I think helped us explain the kinds of things we could to when we initially met with the school about this class .
Having photos of your students ' work will not only help you share the great things you 're doing to get other schools on board , but you can share it with the wider open source community as motivation !
Having the student work from Red Hat High in 2007
I think helped us explain the kinds of things we could to when we initially met with the school about this class .
Having photos of your students ' work will not only help you share the great things you 're doing to get other schools on board , but you can share it with the wider open source community as motivation !
Finally , and I think most importantly - share your experience !
What did you teach ?
How did it go ?
What worked , what did n't ?
I was pleasantly surprised at the number of actual teachers who commented on my blog posts - I had no idea actual school teachers would end up on my blog !
Write an opensource.com Education channel article ! :)
Here 's all our materials from the class !
Please feel free to modify and / or distribute these materials under a CC - BY - SA 3.0 license !
Lesson Materials
Lesson 1 - Inkscape Bootcamp
Lesson 2 - Shapes , Paths , &l Pen
Lesson 3 - More Paths & Type
Lesson 4 - More on Type
Lesson 5 - Gradients & Patterns
Lesson 6 - Aligning Objects
Lesson 7 - Exporting Artwork
Lesson 8 - Clipart and Bitmap Tracing
Other Materials
Source Files
Waterbury , VT – Rome Snowboards Co. , in cooperation with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and Health Canada , on Wednesday announced a voluntary recall of approximately 3,100 snowboard bindings sold in the U.S. and Canada in 2009 .
Officials are urging consumers to stop using the recalled bindings immediately due to a fall hazard .
nAccording to company and government officials , the binding ’s base plate can become brittle and break at cold temperatures , leading to a loss of control and / or a fall .
Rome has received 14 reports of base plates breaking on the affected United bindings .
No serious injuries have been reported .
The bindings come in black and red color themes and in sizes small , medium and large .
Rome is printed on the highback .
The bindings also have graphics on the back of the highback and on the rear portion of the baseplate .
The affected snowboard bindings , manufactured in China and imported by Rome , were sold at snow sports retailers from September 2009 through December 2009 for about $ 160 .
All 2010 United model bindings are potentially affected .
Affected consumers should contact Rome Snowboards for free replacement bindings at ( 866 ) 289-9990 between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Eastern Time , or visit the firm ’s Web site at www.romesnowboards.com.
Share this page : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tomonobu Itagaki ’s last game was Ninja Gaiden II and that was when he was still at Tecmo .
Since leaving , he and the President of Tecmo USA formed a new company , Valhalla Game Studios .
Itagaki , shades off , started talking about Valhalla Game Studios a few months ago and opened the site with news of a “ dreadnought class project ” for HD consoles .
That game may be announced next week since Itagaki is going to unveil a game , his fifth project , during the show .
“ My heart pounds with anticipation every time I make these announcements .
It ’s not something one can get used to – complacency is never an option for me .
I am so eager to hear your reactions to what I have to show you , ” Itagaki voiced .
I 've been playing Raven Software 's sci- fi shooter Singularity the last few days , their first original game in ten years .
It has some , er , rough edges .
Like this , one of several newspapers that fill the screen for long sections of a pivotal cut -scene .
Whether the artist typed in some dummy text assuming a writer would fill it in later , or they were simply told the body would n't be readable at the final viewing size , something 's gone wrong here .
History is written by the victors .
Alternate history is written by the sovnoob uhreoi .
There 's actually fun to be had with Singularity - if you 've got it , I strongly suggest trying out the multiplayer .
You can play as a mutant death tick .
But whatever you can say about Raven 's recent games , they 've always been professional .
The sharp decline in polish here may be related to the eerie lack of fanfare over its release .
April 2010 Horror Movie Blu-ray and DVD Guide
Posted by Peter Hall - April 3rd 2010 @ 1:04 pm
You do n’t need any excuses .
Â I suck for skipping February and March . Â
Here ’s April , though .
April 6th :
This is a solid week for horror movie Blu-rays , at least quantity wise .
Â
On the catalog front we ’ve got Blus for BLOOD TIES : THE COMPLETE SERIES , DREAMSCAPE , THE RELIC , and Wes Craven ’s original A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET .
Â
I know nothing about the first two , though I remember thinking THE RELIC was decent enough when I was in middle school — and if I thought it was only decent in middle school , it ’s probably not going to hold up all that well .
Â
It ’s been years since I ’ve seen it , though , so I am curious to check it out again at some point .
I have the NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET
Blu sitting downstairs and I ’ll be diving into it at some point this week for a longer review .
Â
It ’s no super secret that it ’s my favorite non-Carpenter , non-Cronenberg horror movie from the ’ 80s , though , so I ’m really hoping Warner Brothers did right by the transfer .
Â
As far as special features go , I think it ’s pretty much just a port of features from discs past .
The final horror Blu-ray for the week is Marcus Dunstan ’s THE COLLECTOR , which you may remember is a movie I liked , oh , just a little bit last summer .
Â
I have n’t seen it since , but this is a definite buy for me .
Â Strangely Amazon does n’t appear to be selling it directly as of this writing , and I pretty much refuse to spend $ 30 on any single movie unless it ’s an import , so sadly it may not be a release - day pick up for me .
On the non -HD front we ’ve got just two titles to look at .
Â
The first is the British serial killer flick TONY , which I ’ve heard nothing but good things about .
Â
No incredible ravings , but enough buzz to make it a top rental for the month .
Â
The other title is HIGH PLAINS INVADER , which is a Syfy premiere from a few months back that was picked up as part of the Maneater DVD series .
Â
It ’s my goal to one day own the entire Maneater series because that ’s just how my self - loathing ways roll .
Â
I ’ll be keeping my eye on bargain bins for this one .
April 13th :
New Line has released a new NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET box set ahead of Platinum Dunes ’ remake but the only thing that appears to be different about it is the packaging ; and you know what ’s bullshit about that ?
Â
They ’re using Jackie Earle Haley ’s Krueger on the side , NOT Robert Englunds .
Â
Fuck that noise .
That ’s okay , though , I ’m not holding any grudges this week ?
Â
Why ?Â
Because we ’ve got muthafuckin’ ICE TWISTERS , that ’s why !Â
It ’s actually not a bad little Syfy movie , either .
Â
I ’ll watch anything that cursed network puts out on a Saturday night , but I rarely think the movies are actually any good .
Â ICE TWISTERS , though , is well above average quality as far as Syfy premieres go .
Â
It ’s got a good cast and a good balance of serious / silly going on .
Â
Worth the price of a rental .
I can’t really speak to the rest of the week ’s discs , though .
Â
There ’s a new Ed Wood Jr. Collection out that contains PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE , GLEN OR GLENDA , NIGHT OF THE GHOULS , BRIDE OF THE MONSTER , JAILBAIT , and CROSSROAD AVENGER .Â
Not bad for $ 22 if you ’re an Ed Wood Jr. fan .
Â
After that we ’ve got what looks like a Syfy movie , INFECTION : THE INVASION BEGINS , CREATURE OF DARKNESS and THE GREATEST AMERICAN SNUFF FILM , a title I can’t believe I just wrote .
April 20th :
It ’s not really much of a horror movie , but considering it involves a serial killer and is directed by Peter Jackson , a good number of us are probably intrigued by THE LOVELY BONES .Â
Well … do n’t be .Â
It ’s overly long , poorly structured and routinely boring .
Â
And if you ’re looking for a cool looking version of the afterlife , I ’d say WHAT DREAMS MAY COME actually does a better job in that department .
Â
Good performances all around , though , and it ’s an interesting footnote in Jackson ’s filmography , but unless you ’re a purist , it ’s not worth actively pursuing .
The only other title of the week I ’ve seen is GODSPEED , which is n’t a bad little indie thriller / revenge movie .
Â
The script is stretched a little thin to fill out the feature - length run time , but the performances are good and the movie is shot wonderfully .
Â
It ’s not all that often you find a horror movie set in Alaska , yet alone an indie one .
Â
For that alone it ’s an interesting curiosity .
The rest of the week is full of small titles you may have seen advertised in the pages of Fangoria , but that ’s about it .
Â
The biggest of the bunch , and by biggest I mean funniest looking , is NEOWOLF , a movie about a band of werewolves .
Â
I ’m not talking a band as in a pack , either ; I ’m talking a rock band of werewolves .
Â Sold !Â
As for the rest , take your pick of NECROSIS , SPRING BREAK MASSACRE ( hey , it ’s got Reggie Bannister in it … ) , BEGINNING OF THE END , BRAINCELL , FRATERNITY MASSACRE AT HELL ISLAND , and the miserable waste of Kristen Bell that is PULSE on Blu-ray .
April 27th :
Everyone knows that I do n’t like Neil Marshall ’s THE DESCENT , but I am looking forward to THE DESCENT : PART 2.Â
I do n’t know why , either , considering the early buzz has pretty much condemned it and at least one cast member is returning , but I kind of dug the trailer so this is still an April must - watch for me .
I think we all know that I ’m going to see MEGAPIRANHA based on the title alone , but if you need other empirical evidence , just look at the cover .
I have a confession .
Â I ’ve never seen any of the vintage Troma movies .
Â
That ’ll change this month with CLASS OF NUKE ‘EM HIGH on Blu-ray .
And lastly for the month we have a British thriller called DARK NATURE on Blu-ray as well as SYMPATHY , another movie I ’ve never heard of , and TALES FROM THE DARKSIDE SEASON 3.Â
That ’s it , folks .
Netflixing the Month :
Tags : A Nightmare on Elm STreet , Beginning of the End , Blood Ties , Braincell , Class of Nuke ' Em High , Creature of Darkness , Dark Nature , Dreamscape , Fraternity Massacre at Hell Island , Godspeed , High Plains Invaders , horror blu-ray , horror dvd , Ice Twisters , Infection : The Invasion Begins , Megapiranha , Necrosis , Neowolf , Spring Break MAssacre , SYMPATHY , THE COLLECTOR , The Descent Part 2 , The greatest American Snuff Film , THE LOVELY BONES , The Relic , Tony
Republicans did n't much care , when the Times Square suspect was a white male , but once he fit a certain profile , they were enraged and outraged , and reflexively relapsed to every imaginable manner of shrill .
But the system worked .
House Republican Whip Eric Cantor bloviated about the Obama Administration being complacent amid warning signs about terrorism .
This , after another failed attempt at an attack .
This from a guy whose own party 's most recent administration was so incomprehensibly incompetent as to allow the worst ever terrorist attack on American soil .
And even that was n't enough , for his Heritage Foundation audience .
They actually grumbled when he somehow managed to admit that the president is n't a domestic enemy .
Apparently , to Cantor and his fans , nothing is more dangerous than success .
Because the system worked .
John McCain and Peter King want to toss the suspect 's Constitutional rights .
So do John Cornyn and John Kyl .
Which would be not only immoral , unethical , unconstitutional , and stupid , it also would be dangerous .
Joe Lieberman takes it even a step farther , and says we should revoke the suspect 's citizenship , thus revoking his Constitutional rights .
But the system worked .
No one was tortured .
No one 's civil rights were violated .
No one 's privacy was violated .
And the suspect is cooperating .
Federal , state , and local authorities did their jobs and are doing their jobs .
The public was alert , but did n't panic .
The public was responsible , and not terrified .
There was a minor glitch or two , but even so , no one was killed , no one was hurt , and it took less than three days for the suspect to be captured .
Less than three days .
And no one got hurt .
The system worked .
The old fashioned way .
The way it might have worked , before 9/11 , had we had a sane and competent administration , then .
But it worked this time .
The way it 's supposed to .
The innocent were protected , the good people prevailed , and the bad guy was taken into custody .
Without a shot being fired .
The system worked .
This is called good news .
Very good news .
This should be celebrated .
But the Republicans are n't celebrating .
They 're freaking out .
They do n't even recognize success when they see it .
They do n't want to see success , under a Democratic president .
Call it what you will .
The system worked .
And the Republicans are terrified .
Just watching a really interesting video interview of Richard Lindzen .
It 's long , but is actually worth the investment of time , which is not something I usually say about videos .
H/T Josh in the comments .
* New drilling ban to be imposed after court setback
* Reuters poll : Americans still support off - shore drilling
* BP shares fall to 13 - year - low in London ; 2.14 pct in NY
( Recasts with Salazar to impose new moratorium )
By Mary Rickard and Jeremy Pelofsky
NEW ORLEANS / WASHINGTON , June 22 ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration scrambled on Tuesday to resurrect a ban on deepwater oil drilling after a U.S. judge declared that its six - month moratorium was too broad and arbitrary , despite the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
“ I will issue a new order in the coming days that eliminates any doubt that a moratorium is needed , appropriate , and within our authorities , ” U.S. Interior Secretary Kenneth Salazar said in a statement .
Administration officials said they would mount a two - pronged attack , appealing the court ruling and issuing a new order that would support a moratorium to allow enough time to ensure other exploratory drilling was safe .
This may ensure that no deepwater drilling -- below 500 feet ( 152 meters ) -- would be resumed while the administration wrangles with the oil drilling firms challenging the ban .
A new Reuters / Ipsos poll found most Americans still support offshore drilling , despite watching a huge slick from BP's BP.LBP.N oil spill devastate fragile wetlands and communities along the U.S. Gulf coast .
[ ID :nN22138822 ]
The 64 - day - old disaster has shattered investor confidence in BP , which has seen its stock price slashed in half since the start of the crisis .
The British energy giant ’s London share price tumbled to its lowest level in 13 years on Tuesday .
BP , seeking to restore investor confidence and rehabilitate its image , confirmed that managing director Bob Dudley would be taking over the day - to - day response to the spill from Chief Executive Tony Hayward , who has been criticized for a series of gaffes .
( For a profile of Dudley , see [ ID : nLDE65L16J ] ) < ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ^
For full coverage link .
reuters.com/hed87k Breakingviews [ ID :nN2197623 ]
Insider TV link.reuters.com / jav43 m Graphics :
here Special Report : Wall Street touted BP here ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ >
After the BP well ruptured on April 20 , spewing millions of gallons of crude , President Barack Obama imposed the ban on deepsea drilling while officials checked that other wells were operating safely .
Expanding offshore drilling was among Obama ’s proposals to revamp U.S. energy policy .
He hoped it would generate support from Republicans for aspects of his plans to fight climate change .
But he shelved that plan after the spill .
The court 's decision was a victory for offshore energy producers like BP , Chevron Corp CVX.N and Royal Dutch Shell RDSa.L.
They have been hamstrung by the ban , and are considering moving their giant oil rigs to other basins like Brazil .
Shares in oil drilling companies briefly spiked after the ruling but dipped again when the Obama administration said it would appeal .
The S&P energy sector .
GSPE fell 1.3 percent .
BP ’s London - listed shares hit their lowest level since February 1997 on Tuesday , dropping more than 5 percent before coming off lows .
U.S. - listed shares closed down 2.14 percent at $ 29.68 .
They have not traded around these levels since 1996 .
The spill has dealt a severe blow to the U.S. Gulf Coast ’s tourism and fishing industries and soiled large parts of a 400 - mile ( 650 km ) coastline from Louisiana to Florida .
( Additional reporting by Raji Menon in London , Jeff Mason , John Whitesides , Deborah Zabarenko and Tom Doggett in Washington ; Kristen Hays and Chris Baltimore in Houston ; Julie Steenhuysen in Chicago ; and Ernest Scheyder in Louisiana .
Writing by Ross Colvin and Ed Stoddard , editing by Chris Wilson )
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v10/n376/a09.html
Newshawk : Kirk
Votes : 0
Pubdate : Fri , 21 May 2010
Source : Monitor , The ( McAllen , TX )
Copyright : 2010 The Monitor
Contact : http://drugsense.org/url/qsOVHygd
Website : http://www.themonitor.com
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/1250
Author : Jared Taylor
LOCAL OFFICIALS QUESTION DRUG WAR , EMPHASIZE NEED TO CONTINUE FIGHT
McALLEN -- Hidalgo County Sheriff Lupe Trevino got his start fighting the drug war in 1974 , buying street - level heroin as an undercover police investigator in Austin .
The war on drugs was young then .
Just four years before , President Richard Nixon launched a new battle against drug abuse in the United States .
Throughout his career , Trevino worked with various local , state and federal drug task forces before he took the helm as Hidalgo County 's top cop in 2005 .
* Drug war stories on TheMonitor.com
" This is something very dear and close to me , " the sheriff said this week .
" Having said that ... the law enforcement approach has not been very successful .
We have won some very significant battles , but not the war . "
Forty years after Nixon declared war on illegal drugs , the battles wage on .
A recent story by The Associated Press exposed the $ 1 trillion that U.S. taxpayers have spent over four decades for programs that did little to stop the flow of drugs .
U.S. drug czar Gil Kerlikowske told the AP the strategy has n't worked .
" In the grand scheme , it has not been successful , " Kerlikowske said .
" Forty years later , the concern about drugs and drug problems is , if anything , magnified , intensified . "
While Trevino and other local officials would not call the drug war a failure , they admit much progress needs to be made in the fight against drug trafficking and abuse .
None said the battle should end .
And those interviewed said they do not favor legalization .
" We ca n't just pull out , " Trevino said .
" We must continue fighting drug gangs .
The stakes are way too high and we are in it too deep to quit . "
Need for Treatment
State Rep. Aaron Pena , D - Edinburg , says he gets the same calls every week .
Last week , a mother called his office worried about her son , who was stealing from his family to feed his drug habit .
She did n't know what to do .
" It 's frustrating because people love them , " Pena said .
" I hear it over and over again .
It 's just very sad . "
About 8 percent of the state 's adolescents have a drug abuse problem , and some 18,000 teenagers are in Texas treatment centers each month .
Seven of those facilities are located within 20 miles of Edinburg .
Drug abuse hits close to Pena 's heart .
His 16 - year - old son , John , died of an overdose nine years ago .
Before losing John in May 2001 , Pena believed in locking away drug addicts in prisons , he said .
But since then , he has become an advocate for drug abuse prevention and rehabilitation .
" They want to get out , but they do n't know how , " Pena said of drug addicts .
" We need to give them the tools . "
By May 2011 , another local tool is set to open to the public .
State and county officials broke ground in March on the region 's first outpatient substance abuse and primary care treatment facility .
The $ 3 million facility will be in north Edinburg and will provide substance abuse treatment services for up to 150 adolescents on an outpatient basis .
" It may not be a 100 percent solution , but we provide them a ladder to get out , " Pena said .
Uncertain Punishment
McAllen Police Chief Victor Rodriguez refuses to call the 40 - year - old drug war a failure .
" In that period of time , millions of dollars and millions of tons of dope have been removed from the streets , " he said .
" Given what 's happened , I 'd rather have what 's happened than turn our back on it . "
Rodriguez believes inconsistent punishments give drug users and potential abusers an unclear picture of the potential consequences -- and weakens the deterrence the law can have on drug use .
" You can go into some parts of this state where the smallest amount of drugs will land you in prison , and you can go to other parts where you can have tons and end up with probation , " Rodriguez said .
" There is no certainty in our system with regards to enforcement . "
That absence of certainty on punishment leads to a lack of deterrence from drug use , the chief said .
" It is n't certain that someone will be punished for drug abuse in our country , " he said .
Even with clear penalties and more rehabilitation available , Pena said the fight against drugs will never end -- like all crime .
" Yeah , the war on drugs has been seen as a failure , " he said .
" We have to accept , at least at some levels , because of the flaws in humanity , that drug usage will always be there .
That does n't mean we give up . "
Prevention
At the Palmer Drug Abuse Program in McAllen , Fidencio Mercado said he has n't seen much change since high - profile drug violence spread into northeast Mexico .
Cocaine and prescription medications like Xanax -- an anti-anxiety drug - -- continue to be the most common addictions for most area patients , Mercado said .
What has changed in recent years , though , is the age of patients seeking treatment .
Children as young as 10 have gone to Palmer to get help , typically after smoking marijuana or huffing inhalants .
" We have to put a stronger emphasis on prevention and prevention efforts so that children are n't experimenting and using drugs at young ages , " Mercado said .
" That 's the only way we 'll be able to fight a war on drugs . "
From Mercado 's perspective , prevention will only work when it comes from all aspects of a child or adolescent 's life -- school , home and in the community .
" It has to be collaboration and it has to be through the support of ... everybody on the same page working together , " he said .
Investing more in programs such as those focusing on prevention and rehabilitation could help turn the tide and reduce drug use in the country , Sheriff Trevino believes .
But for " police officers to change their mindset , that 's going to be the hardest part . "
" With time , experience and an open mind , " the sheriff said , " you sit back and study this and you say , ' What did we do ?
We just destroyed ourselves thinking we were doing good when we really were n't . ' "
[ sidebar ]
BY THE NUMBERS
Former President Richard Nixon 's first drug - fighting budget was $ 100 million in 1970 .
Now it 's $ 15.1 billion , 31 times Nixon 's amount even when adjusted for inflation .
Using Freedom of Information
Act requests , archival records , federal budgets and dozens of interviews with leaders and analysts , The Associated Press tracked where that money went and found that the United States repeatedly increased budgets for programs that did little to stop the flow of drugs .
In 40 years , taxpayers spent more than :
$ 20 billion to fight the drug gangs in their home countries .
In Colombia , for example , the United States spent more than $ 6 billion , while coca cultivation increased and trafficking moved to Mexico -- and the violence along with it .
$ 33 billion in marketing " Just Say No" - style messages to America 's youth and other prevention programs .
High school students report the same rates of illegal drug use as they did in 1970 , and the national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says drug overdoses have " risen steadily " since the early 1970s to more than 20,000 last year .
$ 49 billion for law enforcement along America 's borders to cut off the flow of illegal drugs .
This year , 25 million Americans will snort , swallow , inject and smoke illicit drugs , about 10 million more than in 1970 , with the bulk of those drugs imported from Mexico .
$ 121 billion to arrest more than 37 million nonviolent drug offenders , about 10 million of them for possession of marijuana .
Studies show that jail time tends to increase drug abuse .
$ 450 billion to lock those people up in federal prisons alone .
Last year , half of all federal prisoners in the U.S. were serving sentences for drug offenses .
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
US experiment hints at ' multiple God particles '
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
There may be multiple versions of the elusive " God particle " - or Higgs boson - according to a new study .
Finding the Higgs is the primary aim of the £ 6bn ( $ 10 bn ) Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) experiment near Geneva .
But recent results from the LHC's US rival suggest physicists could be hunting five particles , not one .
The data may point to new laws of physics beyond the current accepted theory - known as the Standard Model .
The Higgs boson 's nickname comes from its importance to the Standard Model ; it is the sub-atomic particle which explains why all other particles have mass .
However , despite decades trying , no - one , so far , has detected it .
The idea of multiple Higgs bosons is supported by results gathered by the DZero experiment at the Tevatron particle accelerator , operated by Fermilab in Illinois , US .
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote The Standard Model fits just about every test we 've thrown at it .
To fit in a new effect in one particular place is not easy ” End Quote Dr Adam Martin Fermilab
DZero is designed to shed light on why the world around us is composed of normal matter and not its shadowy opposite : anti-matter .
Researchers working on the experiment observed collisions of protons and anti-protons in the Tevatron .
The collisions produced pairs of matter particles slightly more often than they yielded anti-matter particles .
Physicists had already seen such differences - known as " CP violation " , but these effects were small compared to those seen by the DZero experiment .
The DZero results showed much more significant " asymmetry " of matter and anti-matter - beyond what could be explained by the Standard Model .
Bogdan Dobrescu , Adam Martin and Patrick J Fox from Fermilab say this large asymmetry effect can be accounted for by the existence of multiple Higgs bosons .
They say the data points to five Higgs bosons with similar masses but different electric charges .
Three would have a neutral charge and one each would have a negative and positive electric charge .
This is known as the two - Higgs doublet model .
Dr Martin told BBC
News that the two - Higgs doublet could explain the results seen by the DZero team while keeping much of the Standard Model intact .
" In models with an extra Higgs doublet , it 's easy to have large new physics effects like this DZero result , " he explained .
" What 's difficult is to have those large effects without damaging anything else that we have already measured . "
Dr Martin explained that there were other possible interpretations for the DZero result .
But he added : " The Standard Model fits just about every test we 've thrown at it .
To fit in a new effect in one particular place is not easy . "
Developed in the 1970s , the Standard Model incorporated all that was then known about the interactions of sub-atomic particles .
Stepping stone
But today , many physicists regard it as incomplete , a mere stepping stone to something else .
The Standard Model cannot explain the best known of the so - called four fundamental forces : gravity ; and it describes only ordinary matter , not the dark matter which makes up some 25 % of the Universe .
The Standard Model only has one Higgs " doublet " .
Although we tend to think of the Higgs boson as one particle , it actually comes in a package of four , explained Dr Martin .
" In the Standard Model , you only see one of them because the other three are absorbed into [ other parts of the scheme ] such as the W and the Z bosons .
There 's only one left , " he told BBC News .
" So if you want to add another Higgs doublet - you actually have to add four more particles . "
The two - Higgs doublet model also ties in with a theory in particle physics known as supersymmetry .
Supersymmetry represents an extension to the Standard Model , in which each particle in the scheme has a more massive " shadow " partner particle .
But so far , physicists have lacked experimental evidence for the existence of these more massive particles .
Evidence for the Higgs and for supersymmetry could be uncovered by the LHC , the world 's most powerful " atom smasher " which is housed 100 m under the French - Swiss border .
The researchers have published the latest study on the pre-print server arXiv.org ; the results were reported by Symmetry magazine .
The three researchers are based at Fermilab but are not DZero team members .
Despite some airspace being reopened after volcanic ash forced its closure , millions of passengers worldwide are still stuck because of the ongoing cancellations .
Enlarge By Halldor Kolbeins , AFP / Getty Images
This aerial view shows the Eyjafjallajokull volcano bilowing smoke and ash during an eruption .
SCIENCE REPORTER TWEETS SCIENCE REPORTER TWEETS
The only thing murkier than the plume of ash spewing from Iceland 's Eyjafjallajökull volcano may be its long - term implications to the planet , its climate and public health .
The eruption , which began Wednesday , already is causing massive dislocation across Europe .
By late Sunday , more than 63,000 flights had been canceled in 23 European countries , stifling the lifeblood of the continent 's economy .
Because few planes are flying , travelers can't travel , machinery parts can't get to factories , food sellers can't transport their goods , and businesses are finding business increasingly difficult to conduct .
The economic ripples are being felt worldwide .
In the USA , air carriers canceled 310 flights to and from Europe on Sunday , according to the Air Transport Association , which represents most major U.S. airlines .
Because of the volcano , Kenya 's hothouse flowers — responsible for 20 % of that African nation 's exports — are rotting in warehouses rather than winging their way to Europe .
MAP : Ash cloud disrupts air traffic PHOTOS : Eyjafjallajokull 's effect on travelers
How long will the chaos continue ?
It 's unclear , despite weather forecasts indicating that prevailing winds today could break up some of the massive ash cloud over Europe .
TRAVEL : European airlines flying reduced schedule Monday SCIENCE FAIR : Plume visible from space Geologists in Iceland said Sunday that the volcano is continuing to erupt with about the same force it had Wednesday .
The last time Eyjafjallajökull ( pronounced ay - yah - FYAH - plah - yer - kuh - duhl , according to the Associated Press ) began spewing ash and lava , in 1821 , it went on until 1823 .
In one significant episode in Iceland , the Laki volcano erupted in 1783 , sending massive amounts of lava , ash and poisonous gases into the air for eight months .
Much larger than Eyjafjallajökull 's eruption , the Laki blast killed half of Iceland 's livestock and triggered a famine that , along with fluorine poisoning , killed one - quarter of Iceland 's population .
The ash and gases released caused extreme weather across Europe and contributed to a continent - wide rise in deaths from respiratory diseases .
If this eruption lasts anywhere near that long , scientists say , there is a risk it could melt glaciers that now cap the nearby Katla volcano , allowing it to blow its top and potentially pump enough ash into the atmosphere to lower temperatures worldwide .
The good news is that despite the difficulties caused for air traffic and commerce , volcanologists at this point do n't seem overly worried about the chances that the eruption of Eyjafjallajökull will have long - term repercussions for climate or health .
Here 's what scientists know :
The best - case scenario
The volcano is producing eruptive pulses that are sending ash and gases up to about 25,000 feet .
The prevailing winds are westerly , so the ash cloud is being pushed east toward Scandinavia and down toward the United Kingdom .
That 's typical for volcanoes in Iceland , says volcanologist Michael Bursik of the University of Buffalo .
Eruptions " happen all the time , and usually the planes just divert around them , " he says .
Volcanologists have worked with airlines for more than a decade to handle eruption diversions , since incidents in 1982 and 1989 in Indonesia and Alaska , respectively , in which jets flying through ash clouds had their engines shut down .
In both cases , the engines restarted when the jets got out of the ash clouds .
" It 's a serious business , " Bursik says .
" You do n't want that to happen . "
Geologically , Iceland springs from a spreading ocean ridge in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean .
The ash from the volcano is recycled ocean floor and grit from deeper down in the Earth 's mantle .
The best - case scenario is that Eyjafjallajökull starts to peter out in the next few days and quietly goes back to sleep .
Barring that , the volcano might " go on at a fairly low level for a whole year .
With phases of higher activity , it could shut down in a few days , " says Simon Carn , a volcanologist at Michigan Technological University in Houghton , Mich .
That might allow air traffic to start up again , at least during the lulls .
Working around the problem Alaska has learned to live with such volcanoes and work its air traffic around them , says Peter Webley , a professor at the Geophysical Institute at the University of Alaska - Fairbanks .
" We 'll have an explosive event , then lava on the ground , then another explosion . "
But even when the lulls occur , there will be several days of anxious monitoring by the International Civil Aviation Organization 's Volcanic Ash Advisory Centers , created in the aftermath of the two air mishaps in the 1980s .
As the ash cloud gets more dispersed , it becomes harder to track , says Webley , who is trapped in Paignton , England , and unable to get home .
Using ground - and plane - based air monitors and satellite data , the centers watch the increasingly invisible cloud of ash , adjusting airspace corridors to ensure that no planes fly through it .
" It 's dependent on wind direction and wind speed , " says Webley , one of several scientists who help make similar decisions in Alaska , which has had four major volcanic events in the past two years .
Typically , volcanic ash disperses within 48 hours after an eruption .
But the air cordon for planes has to be set 12 to 24 hours in advance to ensure long - haul flights have sufficient time and fuel to get where they need to go .
" If I 'm flying from Seattle to Europe , I need to know what 's going to be happening eight hours later , when I 'm over Greenland .
I might have to add an hour onto the flight and another hour of fuel , " Webley says .
What 's unlikely from the Eyjafjallajökull eruption is any major climate effect , says climate scientist Caspar Ammann of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo .
" Right now , the magnitude and explosiveness of the Icelandic eruption is not enough to have significant climate effects . "
Eyjafjallajökull's ash does n't contain much sulfur , which can generate sulfuric acid droplets that could linger in the upper atmosphere and have a cooling effect , Ammann says .
Its explosive bursts lack the pop to carry much ash above 30,000 feet , where it would need to reside in the atmosphere for years to have a significant cooling effect .
If the droplets do n't get that high , they can't reflect the sun 's warmth away from Earth .
" Unless the eruption changes , the climate effects do n't look significant , " Ammann says .
In 1991 , the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines , the second - largest eruption of the 20th century ( much larger than Eyjafjallajökull ) , sent a sulfuric acid haze into the stratosphere , reducing global average temperatures about 0.9 degree Fahrenheit over the next year .
The flow of ash If the eruption continues , meteorologists will closely monitor the prevailing winds blowing toward Scandinavia and Europe , Webley says .
If the winds were to turn , the ash cloud could be pushed west toward the south of Greenland .
While unlikely , that would have the effect of cutting off the shortest air route from North America to Europe , as most jets fly over southern Greenland , then south of Iceland , he says .
The good news is that even if the eruptions last for months , Icelandic eruptions generally do n't affect the rest of the world , says Stefan Wastegård , a professor of geology at Stockholm University who studies ancient ash deposits from Iceland .
The ash typically does n't get too far , mostly only to Iceland , Greenland and sometimes Scandinavia .
Long term , the health effects of the eruption should n't be too bad if it stays at current levels , says Bernadette Longo , a nursing professor at the University of Nevada - Reno , who researches the health effects of volcanic pollution .
That 's because volcanoes tend to either have explosive or effusive activity , Longo says .
Explosive volcanoes such as Eyjafjallajökull eject their gases and particulates high up into the stratosphere .
Effusive volcanoes , such as Hawaii's Kilauea , are more at the troposphere , the lowest level of the Earth 's atmosphere , putting out gases and ash where people are living and breathing .
Unless the levels of material Eyjafjallajökull is sending up increase massively , it most likely will get dispersed in the stratosphere , high above Earth .
The worst - case scenario
The worst - case scenario is that the Eyjafjallajökull eruption intensifies , causing the nearby Katla volcano to erupt .
" When Katla went off in the 1700s , the USA suffered a very cold winter , " says Gary Hufford , a scientist with the Alaska Region of the National Weather Service .
" The Mississippi River froze just north of New Orleans , and the East Coast , especially New England , had an extremely cold winter .
Depending on a new eruption , Katla could cause some serious weather changes . "
Scientists say history has shown that whenever Eyjafjallajökull erupts , Katla follows .
The only question is when .
" If it ( Eyjafjallajökull ) continues to belch , then you worry , " Hufford says .
There 's precedent for massive eruptions .
From 1783 to 1784 , the Laki fissure and nearby Grímsvötn volcano poured out what 's been estimated at 3.4 cubic miles of lava and poisonous gases .
No one 's going to starve on Iceland : International shipping will keep the nation 's 317,000 residents fed .
But it could be a long , ugly experience , both on the island and in Europe , says Reno 's Longo .
If the eruption ramps up significantly , it could affect health in a much larger area .
Very large eruptions can cause a dry , sulfurous fog such as Europe experienced in 1793 with the eruption of the Laki volcano in Iceland .
" That would be the worst - case scenario , but the potential exists , " Longo says .
If Eyjafjallajökull were to create high levels of particulate and gas pollution in either Iceland or elsewhere , measures would have to be taken to protect the population from exposure .
" You ca n't turn off the volcano , " Longo says .
Her studies of those living near Hawaii's Kilauea volcano , which has been erupting since 1983 , show that nearby residents often are significantly affected , with symptoms such as sore throat , chronic cough , asthma and eye irritation .
Research on pollutants ' penetration rates into homes , schools and hospitals found that a significant amount of particulate matter got inside .
But air conditioners and air filters got rid of most of it .
Breathing in the ash is harmful to the lungs and airways .
Composed of tiny shards of molten rock that 's cooled to a glassy material , at a microscopic level it has sharp , jagged edges .
" If you breathe it in , " Longo says , " it 's very difficult to get out . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Microsoft's Windows Azure cloud computing platform has been gaining steam since its launch to paying customers in February .
Just last week it reached 10,000 customers ; already , Azure is shaping up to be a strong contender in the nascent cloud computing market .
Though the cloud offerings available from companies like Google , Amazon , and Microsoft are broadly similar — they each offer the basic building blocks of " computation " ( i.e. applications ) , and " storage " — the way in which these services are offered is quite different .
There are other providers out there beyond these three , but these household names are broadly representative of the market , and arguably the most important in terms of market adoption and influence .
Cloud platform primer
At one end of the spectrum is Amazon 's Elastic Compute Cloud product ( EC2 ) .
EC2 gives users a range of operating system images that they can install into their virtual machine and then configure any which way they choose .
Customers can even create and upload their own images .
Software can be written in any environment that can run on the system image .
Those images can be administered and configured using SSH , remote desktop , or whatever other mechanism is preferred .
Want to install software onto the virtual machine ?
Just run the installer .
At the opposite end of the spectrum is Google 's App Engine .
App Engine software runs in a sandbox , providing only limited access to the underlying operating system .
Applications are restricted to being written either in Java ( or at least , languages targeting the JVM ) or Python 2.5 .
The sandbox prevents basic operations like writing to disk or opening network sockets .
In the middle ground is Microsoft 's Windows Azure .
In Azure , there 's no direct access to the operating system or the software running on top of it — it 's some kind of Windows variant , optimized for scalability , running some kind of IIS - like Web server with a .NET runtime — but with far fewer restrictions on application development than in Google 's environment .
Though .NET is , unsurprisingly , the preferred development platform , applications can be written using PHP , Java , or native code if preferred .
The only restriction is that software must be deployable without installation — it has to support simply being copied to a directory and run from there .
The storage systems are similarly varied .
Amazon has four storage systems .
There 's the widely used Simple Storage Service ( S3 ) , which offers simple storage of name - value pairs , where the value can be a BLOB ( Binary Large OBject ) up to 5 GB in size .
There 's Elastic Block Store ( EBS ) , which offers virtual block devices that can be formatted as if they were hard disks , and used to store regular files .
Amazon 's Relational Database Service ( RDS ) provides a MySQL database .
Finally , there 's SimpleDB .
SimpleDB is a non-relational database ; it stores data in a non-relational table form .
Like a conventional relational database , these tables allow the storage of entries ( customers , orders , addresses , etc. ) with each entry made up of a number of attributes ( so , a customer might have a name , an address , and a telephone number ) .
Unlike a typical database , new attributes can be added without having to update the existing entries in a table .
There are no relationships between tables , nor do they support that mainstay of relational database programming , the join .
If applications want to access data from one table that corresponds to entries in another table , they will have to do the lookup manually .
The reason for these reduced features is that by relaxing all the constraints that relational databases impose , the cloud provider has greater flexibility in query optimization and data storage .
Though the limited features seem awfully spartan to someone with a relational database background , they are nonetheless rich enough for many applications .
Google 's main storage offering is its datastore , which is broadly equivalent to SimpleDB .
Google also has a service called blobstore , offering similar services to S3 .
The company 's standard App Engine offering has no SQL database features at all , though a relational database is available for customers of the App Engine for Business platform , which is currently being previewed .
Microsoft 's range of storage offerings is equivalent to Amazon's .
Azure Storage includes both arbitrary binary storage , like S3 , and table - based storage , like SimpleDB .
It provides special support for storing VHD disk images which can then be mounted as drives , akin to Elastic Block Store .
Finally , Microsoft has a version of SQL Server called SQL Azure that offers almost all the features of SQL Server to cloud applications .
Amazon and Microsoft both offer a queuing service , in addition to the conventional storage options .
Queue services allow messages to be passed between applications in a reliable , asynchronous way .
Producer applications put new messages into the queue , and consumer applications then read them off the queue at their leisure .
As a result of these different design decisions , the different platforms are optimized for different kinds of applications .
EC2 makes it easy to deploy " regular " software into a cloud environment : install the software into an image , use EBS disks for data storage , and the application will be none - the - wiser .
Conversely , applications on App Engine must be purpose - built for the platform .
Azure sits somewhere in the middle .
Existing Web applications , in particular those using ASP .
NET , should be easy enough to migrate to Azure .
They can use regular SQL Server ( or a close approximation thereof ) , they can use legacy native code if they have to , but the platform does away with many of the traditional management tasks — operating servers , administering databases .
It looks like this aspect of Azure appeals to many of Microsoft 's customers , too ; though scalability is probably the most - often cited benefit of the cloud , about half of Azure installations are single - instance .
That is , the applications are deployed only onto a single virtual machine — Azure is being used as a way of reducing the operational cost of running conventional applications , not a way to scale up quickly and easily to multiple machines .
This certainly appeals to me .
I 'm not much of a Web app person , but the balance that Azure strikes between letting me use existing .NET skills and ignoring system administration is appealing .
So let 's take a look at Azure development in a bit more detail .
Getting started with Azure
Though Azure development can use PHP or Java , the platform that 's best supported , and the one I 'm going to use , is .NET .
The first step is to install the Azure SDK .
There are two ways to do this ; there 's a standalone SDK , and a package containing the SDK along with Visual Studio 2008 and Visual Studio 2010 integration .
Since I 'm a GUI whore , and have no interest in building or deploying software at the command - line , I picked the latter .
The Azure services for management and storage offer a REST API using HTTP and XML .
However , using HTTP and XML is n't really much fun as a way of developing software .
The SDK contains a set of client classes that provide a nice managed .
NET API that abstracts away the details of the HTTP and XML communication that goes on behind the scenes .
The Development Fabric has convenient features like spewing logs out to a console ; there 's no easy access to them once in the cloud
As well as these client libraries , the SDK contains a local deployment environment made up of two parts ; the " Development Fabric , " into which applications are deployed , and " Development Storage , " which provides a mock - up of Azure 's cloud storage services .
During normal development , you 'll be deploying and debugging using this development environment .
For the most part , your applications wo n't notice the difference , though the Development Storage system is a bit more restrictive than real Azure Storage .
Visual Studio integration is a must
The Visual Studio integration provides new Azure project types , F5 deployment into and debugging of the Development Fabric , and the ability to upload applications into the cloud and run them on paid Azure services .
Austrian economics is superior to Marxism in every respect , and this includes internal , sectarian squabbles .
When we Austrians feel the time is ripe for another bloodletting — it keeps us strong by thinning the herd once in a while — we argue over fractional - reserve banking .
If you have never had the pleasure of watching such fireworks , I point you to Joe Salerno ’s recent blog post ; it has enough links to bring you up to speed .
In the present article , I want to walk through a simple example to make sure everyone understands exactly why some of us think fractional - reserve banking is just plain weird .
Of course , weirdness is not proof of dubiousness , let alone fraud , but bankers who engage in fractional - reserve banking really do " create money out of thin air " in a sense that I think many commentators do n’t fully appreciate .
I offer this article to at least clarify what the ostensible problem is .
A Simple Example
Suppose a teenager , Bill , is rummaging in the attic and finds $ 1,000 in physical currency in an old chest .
Bill is ecstatic and runs to the local bank , where he opens a checking account and deposits the green pieces of paper .
Under a 100 - percent - reserve banking system , this would be the end of the story .
In the act of making the deposit , Bill ’s currency holdings would fall by $ 1,000 , while his checkbook balance would rise by $ 1,000 .
Putting the money in the bank would n’t affect the total amount of money in the economy .
However , in our current system , Bill ’s bank would see a new profit opportunity .
After the bank put the $ 1,000 of paper currency into its vault , its reserves would be that much higher , while its outstanding deposit liabilities would have risen by $ 1,000 as well ( in the form of Bill ’s new checking account ) .
But since banks in the United States are subject only to a reserve requirement of ( approximately ) 10 percent , the bank would have new excess reserves of $ 900 .
If it found a suitable borrower , the bank would have the legal ability to grant a new loan for this amount .
Suppose the bank found such a borrower , Sally , and charged her 5 - percent interest for a 12 - month loan .
Assuming she paid off the loan in a timely manner , here is what the bank ’s balance sheet would look like at various stages in the process :
I. Bank ’s Balance Sheet after Billy ’s Deposit
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
$ 1,000 in vault cash
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
II .
Bank ’s Balance Sheet after Loan Granted to Sally
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
$ 1,000 in vault cash
$ 900 loan to Sally at 5 % for 12 months
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
$ 900 ( Sally ’s new checking account )
III .
Bank ’s Balance Sheet after Sally Spends Her Loan on Business Supplies
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
$ 100 in vault cash
$ 900 loan to Sally at 5 % for 12 months
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
$ 0 ( Sally ’s checking account balance )
IV .
Bank ’s Balance Sheet after Sally Sells Her Products for $ 1,000 Cash and Deposits the Proceeds in Her Account
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
$ 1,100 in vault cash
$ 900 loan to Sally at 5 % for 12 months
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
$ 1,000 ( Sally ’s checking account balance )
V. Bank ’s Balance Sheet After Sally Pays Off Her Loan Plus Interest
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
$ 1,100 in vault cash
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
$ 55 ( Sally ’s checking account balance )
$ 45 in bank shareholder equity
As our hypothetical example [ 1 ] makes clear , with the power of fractional - reserve banking , bankers can apparently earn income out of nothing !
So long as Billy leaves his money in the bank , and so long as Sally is able to earn enough revenues from her business to avoid defaulting on her loan , the bank ’s shareholders end up with $ 45 of the community ’s cash , free and clear .
Now , the bank did n’t stick a gun in anyone ’s belly , and the original owners of that $ 45 voluntarily traded them to Sally in exchange for whatever goods or services her business produced .
Still , something seems a bit fishy in that the bank created $ 900 in new money , earned $ 45 in " old " money held by the outside community , and then destroyed the $ 900 when Sally paid back her loan .
Incidentally , it is because of these strange machinations that many critics of our current financial system describe it as " debt - based money . "
In a very real sense , if people stopped taking out new loans ( from banks ) and paid off their outstanding loans , the total quantity of money would shrink drastically .
In my opinion this would be a good thing — especially if the politicians and the Fed sat back and let it happen — but it is nonetheless a very strange feature of our current system .
Creating Money Out of Thin Air ?
Some people deny that commercial banks " create money out of thin air . "
They agree that the Fed does so when it buys assets by writing a check on itself .
However , in our example above , it seems that the commercial bank at worst is taking $ 900 of " Bill ’s money " and handing it over to Sally .
Sure , that might be dubious , but it ’s not as blatant as when the Fed literally writes checks drawn on thin air , right ?
Actually , I think this standard textbook description — in which each new bank in the sequence creates new loans equal to 90 percent of the new deposit — is a bit misleading .
There is nothing in the legal reserve requirement to prevent banks from making new loans that are large multiples of a new deposit .
Instead , it is prudence on the part of the banks that enforces this restraint .
To see this , let ’s repeat the above story but have the bank make a much larger business loan to Sally :
I. Bank ’s Balance Sheet after Billy ’s Deposit
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
$ 1,000 in vault cash
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
II .
Bank ’s Balance Sheet after Loan Granted to Sally
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
$ 1,000 in vault cash
$ 9,000 loan to Sally at 5 % for 12 months
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
$ 9,000 ( Sally ’s new checking account )
Let ’s stop at this point and consider what has happened .
The bank ’s balance sheet still checks out — $ 10,000 in assets and $ 10,000 in liabilities .
So the accountant ’s head wo n’t explode on account of the large loan to Sally .
But perhaps the bank in our updated scenario is running afoul of the 10 - percent reserve requirement enforced by the Fed ?
Again , no — as of the moment of the new loan to Sally , the bank ’s total customer checking account balances are $ 10,000 , and the bank has $ 1,000 in physical currency in its vault , " backing up " those accounts .
So the bank is satisfying the 10 - percent reserve requirement .
To understand why the bank would be foolish to make a $ 9,000 loan to Sally after receiving Billy ’s $ 1,000 in cash , we must look ahead one step :
III .
Bank ’s Balance Sheet after Sally Spends Her Loan on Business Supplies
Assets
Liabilities + Shareholder ’s Equity
( $ 8,000 ) in vault cash
$ 9,000 loan to Sally at 5 % for 12 months
$ 1,000 ( Billy ’s checking account balance )
$ 0 ( Sally ’s checking account balance )
Now we see the problem : Presumably , Sally is not going to borrow $ 9,000 at interest , in order to let that balance sit in her checking account .
She is going to spend the money , by writing checks on the account .
The people who receive those checks are going to deposit them in their own banks ; and , during normal interbank clearing operations , the original bank will receive requests to transfer out $ 9,000 of its reserves .
We now see why standard economics textbooks have banks only making new loans equal to 90 percent of the amount of each new injection of deposits .
The assumption is that the new depositor wo n’t withdraw his money anytime soon , but that the new borrower ( i.e. , the person getting the loan ) will withdraw the money very soon .
The Politically Incorr ... Murphy , Ph.D. Robert P. Best Price : $ 5.62 Buy New $ 15.94 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
Let ’s be clear though on the moral of the story : in this second scenario — which is not in violation of the reserve requirement ( though it might violate capital requirements or other regulations ) — the commercial bank is quite obviously " creating money out of thin air . "
Consider :
The bank received $ 1,000 in currency from Bill , and it then made a loan of $ 9,000 to Sally .
This new money did n’t " come from " anywhere ; it existed as soon as the bank clerk changed the numbers on the ledger .
Sally went from having $ 0 in her checking account to having $ 9,000 , with the simple push of a button .
Conclusion
In the present article , we have walked through a simple example to illustrate the strange nature of fractional - reserve banking .
In a very real sense , this process creates money out of thin air .
This observation alone does n’t prove its illegitimacy , let alone its connection with the business cycle , but it should give pause to those who see nothing wrong with the practice .
Notes
[ 1 ]
In the tables above , technically , with the passage of time the market value of the loan to Sally would increase from its initial $ 900 .
As the loan matured , its appreciation would be matched by an equal growth in the shareholder ’s equity on the right side of the balance sheet .
( In other words , the shareholder equity would gradually increase to $ 45 over the course of the year ; it would n’t suddenly jump from $ 0 to $ 45 when Sally paid off the loan . )
But we have neglected this complication to keep the above example as simple as possible .
The Best of Bob Murphy
* Dealers , investors have safeguards against “ fat fingers ”
* Trading systems require special approval for big trades
* If fat finger does n’t exist then adds to selloff concern
NEW YORK , May 7 ( Reuters ) -
The “ fat finger ” that supposedly triggered a scary U.S. market selloff on Thursday is likely just a myth .
Soon after the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 6 percent in 10 minutes , rumors abounded that a trader had sparked the rout by erroneously inputing a massive “ sell ” order -- a mistake known as a “ fat finger . ”
But the rumors either lacked specifics or when the name of a firm was mentioned there was no trace of the “ fat fingered ” individual .
And according to people who have programmed trading systems for investors and dealers , such a huge error is unlikely because of an increasing safeguards introduced in recent years to prevent erroneous large orders .
The lack of a human cause bolstered the case for Thursday ’s selloff having been triggered by either the flawed structure of the market or an automated trading program gone awry , sending fingers pointing at computers as much as a mistake by a single human .
[ ID : nN07262602 ]
“ If you make a major mistake , you could destroy all your capital , ” said Lawrence Harris , a finance professor at USC Marshall School of Business .
“ The security of the firm depends on the fidelity of these systems , ” he added .
“ I view it as unlikely that this was a fat finger story , ” said Harris .
Initially , the rumors focused on Citigroup C.N.
At first , the bank said it was investigating the rumor that it made an erroneous trade and then on Friday morning it declared there was no basis for such speculation .
“ Based on our review , rumors about a trading error by Citi are unfounded .
It is troubling that inaccurate and unfounded rumors were spread as far as they were , ” Citi spokeswoman Shannon Bell said in an email .
The rumors about what happened on Thursday varied , but typically involved a trader selling $ 16 billion of a futures contract or exchange - traded fund , when he or she meant to sell $ 16 million .
But a big enough trade often requires the approval of a trading desk head , and an astoundingly large trade typically requires a department head , traders said .
Even if a money management firm did mistakenly put in a large order , the dealer or the exchange often have systems to prevent it , they said .
One trader said that after talking to his peers across Wall Street , he finds the fat finger hypothesis implausible .
“ It just does n’t make sense , ” he said , adding he heard enough different variations on the rumor to discredit all of them .
But fat fingers have created problems for banks in the past .
In 2001 , UBS mistakenly sold 610,000 shares of Japanese advertising giant Dentsu Inc at 16 yen per share , instead of selling 16 shares at 610,000 yen .
In 1992 , Salomon Brothers botched a customer order and shaved 15 points off the Dow Jones industrial average .
One tantalizing possibility -- if a trader really did put in a massive sell order that triggered a broad decline , he or she could have potentially bought back the shares or futures in question at a tidy profit as the market plummeted .
( Reporting by Dan Wilchins ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn )
FCC Gives Hollywood The Right To Break Your TV / DVR ... Just ' Cause
from the nice - of - them dept
" This action is an important victory for consumers who will now have far greater access to see recent high definition movies in their homes ... "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
For a couple years now , the MPAA has been asking the FCC to break your TV / DVR , and let them effectively put a type of DRM ( by enabling " Selectable Output Control " or SOC ) on video content , such that you will not be able to access the content via third party devices , such as your DVR or your Slingbox .
Effectively , they want to break the ability of your equipment to work .
You would n't be able to legally record the movie that was playing on your TV .
The MPAA 's argument here makes absolutely no sense at all -- and when they 're called on it , the doubletalk comes out The MPAA 's argument is that if it could block people from recording movies , they could release the movies on things like PPV before they release them on DVD , adding yet another window to the long list of windows that Hollywood uses .
It 's still not clear how more windows helps anyone but Hollywood , but they keep claiming this is some sort of consumer benefit .
The thing is , their argument makes absolutely no sense at all when you look at the details .
First of all , there was nothing whatsoever stopping them from releasing movies on PPV prior to the DVD release .
Nothing .
You do n't need DRM to do it .
In fact , some major studios already do this without breaking your TV in the process .
Of course , the MPAA 's response is that it would never release movies this way without SOC , because then people would copy them and ... um ... piracy ... oh mygod ...
Hollywood is dying .
Or something like that .
But that makes no sense .
First , as noted , some studios already release movies this way .
They do n't need SOC .
Second , the whole claim that this will lead to more unauthorized file sharing is a total red herring -- because all of the movies they 're talking about were already in theaters -- and once a movie is in the theaters , it 'savailable widely on file sharing networks .
There is nopossible , because the content would already be widely available .
On top of that , of course , as the GAO just noted , the MPAA 's ridiculous claims of losses from " piracy " are totally bogus Given all that , it seemed ridiculous to think that the FCC would give in ... but late last year the reports were that the FCC had already decided to give in to Hollywood , and today the FCC made it official ( pdf ) : The FCC 's reasoning is bizarrely troubling and blatantly wrong .
First , it claims that the studios " are unlikely to offer the service absent the ability to activate SOC . "
But ... as noted , some studios already do offer such a service .
On top of that , why is it the FCC 's job to give the MPAA yet another window ?
Windows are anti-consumer , not pro-consumer .
But , the FCC claims it 's good for the consumers , and the MPAA 's victory announcement makes the same ridiculous claim :
That logic is backwards .
Basically , Hollywood is saying that it held the public hostage until the FCC let it break your TVs , and because the FCC caved in and Hollywood will release the movies it easily could have released before , consumers win .
When someone is taken hostage and the family pays up , that 's not a " win " for the family .
As Public Knowledge points out , this appears to be the FCC doing this just as a favor to Hollywood Of course , in typical Genachowski FCC fashion , this ruling tries to walk that line between each side , in that it did n't grant the MPAA ' swaiver , but tries to limit it , by saying it can only be used on films before the DVDs are released or for 90 days on a particular film ( whichever comes first ) .
The FCC will also " revisit " the issue in two years -- even under threats from the MPAA that if the FCC could revisit this issue , that uncertainty would lead the studios to scamper away , run and hide and not offer this service out of fear that the FCC would take away their right to break your TV .
The FCC thought that was silly .
It 's not clear why the FCC did n't believe the MPAA 's threat not to invest if the ruling could be reviewed , but do believe the threat not to release movies on TV earlier without this ruling ... but that 's the way this particular FCC seems to function .
In the meantime , now that the FCC has opened this door , expect more efforts to expand it much wider .
Already -- before it had even been approved -- there was talk among politicians that it should be expanded to cover sporting events as well -- because , you know , we can't have people DVR 'ing a sporting event any more .
The really ridiculous thing about all of this is that it 's taking away functionality from the vast majority of law - abiding TV viewers who bought their TVs and DVRs expecting -- reasonably and accurately -- that they'd be able to record whatever is on TV , because of an amorphous and unproven " threat " of " piracy " which is based on bogus numbers and totally irrelevant given that the movies in question willon file sharing networks .
Filed Under : fcc , movies , ppv , selectable output control , soc , tv , vod
Companies : mpaa
Starting Saturday , December 29th at noon ( Eastern , New Jersey time ) , we 'll be playing Pokémon games through the new year .
With three screens , we 'll be able to race each version in each Generation .
Plus , for a change of pace , we 'll toss a bootlegged , poorly translated , semi - broken version into each race .
Do n't forget to check out our gallery of photos taken of the schoolhouses we 've funded over the years through the Marathons !
We could n't have done it without your amazing support !
We 're raising money for Free the Children , a charity devoted to improving the lives of children in developing nations .
With $ 8,500 in donations , Free the Children is able to construct a schoolhouse in a developing nation which goes a long way to improving the quality of a child 's life .
Games List !
Extra Goals !
If we reach $ 10,000 ( or... whatever the total is post Black and White ) , you can keep donating to " unlock " playthroughs of some extra games .
We 'll play through each game until completion or until the next game in the list is unlocked .
Even if the next goal is reached , we 've set aside a minimum amount of time to play the previous game before we move on .
+$ 500 ** Hey You Pikachu !
** With all the fun of ( mostly broken ) voice recognition !
( Minimum : Two hours of screaming at the mic )
+$ 1,000 **Pokémon Master Trainer : ** We 'll bust out the webcams to try and play through this board game !
( Minimum :
At least one round of this ... however you play it . )
+$ 1,500 ** Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen * * : A race ( probably ! ) between these two remakes .
( Minimum :
At least four gym badges -- a race to 50 % of the Elite Four ! ... Elite Two ? )
+$ 3,000 ** Pokémon Jade ** ( AKA Keitai Denjū Telefang ) : A game like Pokémon with cell phones .
Have YOU had curry ?
( Minimum : Three hours of garbled phone calls and awesome Game Boy music . )
+$ 5,000 **Pokémon Diamond and Pearl : ** A race between the two DS games !
( Minimum :
We 'll get at least 4 gym badges before calling it quits . )
+$ 15,000 **Pokéthon 1 Throwback : ** I 'll play Pokémon , Generations one through three , back to back , nonstop , just as we did for our first Marathon back in June , 2009 .
Yes , I 'm serious .
Ingolfur Helgason , the former Director of Kaupthing Iceland , and Steingrimur Karason , former CEO of the bank ’s risk management department , were both arrested today upon arriving back in Iceland .
They went straight to interrogation with the Special Prosecutor and are being held in police cells .
Helgason and Karason were both very near the top of the Kaupthing chain - of - command and worked closely with former Director , Hreidar Mar Sigurdsson and Sigurdur Einarsson , the former Chairman of the Board .
It is not yet known whether the Special Prosecutor will allow the pair to be released , or if he will request that the Reykjavik District Court remand them in custody , as happened with Sigurdsson and Magnus Gudmundsson ( former CEO of Kaupthing Luxembourg ) , Visir .is reports .
Hreidar Mar Sigurdsson and Magnus Gudmundsson were arrested last Friday and remain in the Litla Hraun prison ; but Sigurdur Einarsson has not obeyed the Special Prosecutor ’s summons to return to Iceland for interrogation this Friday – despite a promise that he would not be arrested upon arrival .
He has , however , invited the Special Prosecutor , Olafur Thor Hauksson to fly out and interrogate him in the UK .
In late November I talked about how credit cards specifically , and the consumer financial system more generally , was fee and ‘ trick and traps ’ based and how that amounted to a transfer from the poorest to the richest in our country .
I found this to be a really bad thing , one that gave terrible incentives to financial firms to find innovations that would make prices and information more opaque and less transparent for consumers .
Instead of challenging the argument itself , or arguing that this system was a necessary evil to get the poorest in our country access to financial markets , I was amazed at the amount of feedback I got that argued this was a great system , because instead of ripping off the poor to give benefits to the rich , it really transferred “ from the ignorant and foolish to the informed and prudent ” , or as one emailer put it , in a manner representative of many other emails : “ It ’s the irresponsible borrowers – who are often poor – that are penalized and the ultra - responsible borrowers that are rewarded .
I fail to see the problem there . ”
The argument is that the system works to punish those who are cognitively weak and financially irresponsible and reward those with good cognition and a sense of responsibility .
Perhaps you agree , or perhaps you are on the fence but leaning towards agreement .
Maybe it is because I ’ve binged on Michael Sandel ’s Justice series on youtube over the holidays , but I want to create a moral dilemma to see how far you are willing to go in thinking this justification works for our current financial system .
But first I ’ll need to go into Evil Financial Rortybomb mode .
Ever see that Star Trek where in the Mirror Universe everyone is evil and has a goatee ?
It ’s like that .
< EVIL >
I want to pitch to the credit card and financial industry a new innovative online survey .
It is targeted for older , more mature long - time users of our services .
We ’ll give a $ 10 credit for anyone who completes it .
Here is a sense of what the questions will look like :
– 1 ) What is your age ?
– 2 ) What day of the week are you taking this survey ?
– 3 ) Many rewards offered are for people with more active lifestyles : vacations , flights , hotels , rental cars .
Do you find that your rewards programs are n’t well suited for your lifestyle ?
– 4 ) What is the current season where you live ?
Are any seasons harder for you in getting to a branch or ATM machine ?
– 5 ) Would rewards that could be given as gifts to others , especially younger people , be helpful for what you ’d like to do with your benefits ?
– 6 ) Would replacing your rewards program with a savings account redeemable for education for your grandchildren be something you ’d be interested in ?
– 7 ) Write a sentence you ’d like us to hear about anything , good or bad !
– 8 ) How worried are you you ’ll leave legal and financial problems for your next - of - kin after your passing ?
Did you catch it ?
Questions 1,2,4,7 are taken from the ‘ Mini- mental State Examination ’ which is a quick test given by medical professionals to see if a patient is suffering from dementia .
( It ’s a little blunt , but we can always hire some psychologist and marketers for the final version .
They ’re cheap to hire . )
We can use this test to subtly increase limits , and break out the best automated tricks and traps mechanisms , on those whose dementia lights up in our surveys .
Anyone who flags all four can get a giant increase in balance and get their due dates moved to holidays where the Post Office is slowest !
We ’d have to be very subtle about it , because there are many nanny - staters out there who ’d want to coddle citizens here .
Here ’s the important thing .
I hate to write this right before lunch , because it ’s going to make your mouth water , but check out this article , “ Dementia threatens aging boomers ’ portfolios ” :
David Laibson , a professor at Harvard University , Cambridge , Mass. , and noted expert in behavioral economics , found the prevalence of dementia among Americans “ explodes ” after age 60 , doubling every five years to more than 30 % of the population over age 85 .
Worse yet , many adults without dementia still experience “ substantial cognitive impairment , ” making it difficult for them to manage their portfolios .
“ This is a huge problem , and we ’re really doing nothing to prepare for the large number of wealthy Americans nearing retirement , ” Mr. Laibson said in an interview .
“ In fact , we ’ve really gone the opposite way , by encouraging and liberating people to take care of their own finances . ”
There ’s certainly a lot of wealth at stake .
According to the paper , for households with a head age 65 - 74 , the median net worth — including net home equity and excluding public and private defined benefit assets — was $ 239,400 in 2007 .
I smell money – it ’s like walking down a sidewalk and turning a corner and then there is suddenly money all over the sidewalk .
One problem with hitting up sick people , single mothers , college kids who did n’t plan well and the cash - constrained poor with fees and traps is that they ’re poor .
Hitting up people with a lifetime of savings suffering from dementia is some real , serious money we can tap as a revenue source .
Indeed someone who forgets what they were doing between reading “ Bullshit Surcharge : $ 40 ” on their statement and calling the customer support number to complain is our ideal customer – it ’s the person who will be most profitable to us going forward .
< NOT EVIL >
There ’s a lot of bad stuff in me .
( That Laibson paper is fantastic , and we ’ll talk about it more in 2010 . )
Is n’t it a too perfect fit though , in terms of how our consumer financial industry does a disservice to customers , and the forthcoming major health crisis of dementia in this country ?
So to get back on point :
The people in at the beginning of this post who are excited about how the current financial service industry excels because it punishes the ignorant and irresponsible : on what specific grounds could you not have to embrace , much less oppose , the Evil Rortybomb Plan above ?
I got a sense of proportionality in those arguments , that the most ignorant should have to pay the most .
I do n’t think anyone would argue against the idea that those suffering from dementia will be the most ignorant of their actual situations and most irresponsible in the sense that they are n’t capable of being responsible .
The extra fees and traps they pay will in part also go to those enjoying extra bonuses and continued free financial services .
It ’s a win - win from this point of view , no ?
One must be consistent .
I assume that they would argue that there ’s a difference in ignorance here : one the one hand they are happy with punishing what they consider sloth and laziness but unhappy with punishing what is essentially old age .
I think that ’s a self - interested dodge though ; it would strike me that the person ca n’t see themselves in situations where a $ 40 surcharge makes a big difference in the monthly budget , but can easily see themselves in a situation where mentally he or she starts to slip .
How are these not made of the same thing , of the same bad draws in life fortunes ?
It ’s like taking a quick peek at one ’s situation in life before determining what kind of financial service sector best meets our purposes .
Either you can manage your situation or you can’t , and if you are fair hunting season if you ca n’t in one form of poor cognition or life situations then you are fair hunting season in all states of poor cognition and life situations .
And all the current incentives are to go further in this direction .
When I was much younger , an elderly family member who was starting to show signs of dementia was ripped off by a stranger .
My extended family , mostly law enforcement who all loved serving stories about crimes at holiday dinners with the turkey and thus were largely inoculated to the idea that people can do terrible things to one another , was caught off guard by this .
It seemed to contain an extra level of inhumanity to take advantage of someone like that .
It worries me that that one strand of our consumer financial system works on much of the same level .
I understand those who think technology will be the driver of changing this for the better rather than legislation , but before any of that , we all agree it is a problem , right ?
UPDATE : I added a follow - up here , discussing vanilla options as a solution to this particular problem .
The statistician Frank Duckworth has launched a robust defence of the eponymous formula that he devised , in partnership with Tony Lewis , to recalculate run-chases in rain - affected one - day games , and believes that the current criticism of his calculations stems entirely from Paul Collingwood 's frustrations , following England 's failure to beat West Indies in their opening contest of the World Twenty20 in Guyana .
The Duckworth - Lewis system was devised in the 1990s and formally adopted by the ICC in 2001 , and is widely regarded as the fairest means of resolving rain - shortened contests in 50 - over cricket , even if the workings of the formula are a mystery to all but the most mathematically gifted .
However , for the second time in consecutive World Twenty20 contests against West Indies , Collingwood was left feeling aggrieved following defeats that he believed might not have occurred had the matches been played out over their full distance .
At The Oval in June 2009 , West Indies progressed to the semi-finals by chasing 80 in nine overs after England had posted an imposing 161 for 6 , while Monday 's discrepancy seemed even more stark - England made 191 for 5 , but West Indies were left needing 60 in six overs , thanks to an early onslaught from their captain , Chris Gayle , who admitted he had chosen to bat second in the contest precisely because he anticipated D/L would be a factor .
" There 's a major problem with Duckworth - Lewis in this form of the game , " Collingwood told reporters after the match .
" I 've got no problem with it in one - dayers ... but it 's certainly got to be revised in this form .
Ninety - five percent of the time when you get 191 runs on the board you are going to win the game .
Unfortunately Duckworth - Lewis seems to have other ideas and brings the equation completely the other way and makes it very difficult . "
However , when asked if he accepted that a recalibration was required to reflect the higher tempo of Twenty20 cricket , Duckworth was emphatic in his rebuttal .
" No I do n't , quite frankly , " he told Cricinfo 's Switch Hit podcast .
" Remember that there have been a total of about 70 matches decided by Duckworth - Lewis since Twenty20 was invented in 2002 , and there 's only been two instances where any dissent has been expressed , and both of those were by Paul Collingwood and the England team , as a result of failing to win against West Indies .
" That revised target of 60 from six overs was set because , before the rain interruption , West Indies had faced 14 balls and scored a massive 30 runs without losing any wickets , " Duckworth added .
" They were 11 runs ahead of the D/L par , and if the match had n't been able to restart , and if for the sake of argument you allowed a match to be valid with only 2.2 overs bowled , then West Indies would have won by 11 runs .
They were winning easily when the rain came . "
" Remember that there have been a total of about 70 matches decided by Duckworth - Lewis since Twenty20 was invented in 2002 , and there 's only been two instances where any dissent has been expressed , and both of those were by Paul Collingwood and the England team , as a result of failing to win against West Indies "
Nevertheless , that winning position was largely due to the exploits of Gayle , who cracked 15 runs off Ryan Sidebottom 's first over of the reply en route to 25 from 12 balls .
He was eventually dismissed seven balls after the resumption , at 41 for 1 after 3.3 overs , although by that stage of the recalculated run-chase , West Indies required just 19 more runs to win from 15 balls , whereas in a full 20 - over innings , the figure would have been a more daunting 151 from 99 .
Duckworth , however , insisted that his maths still added up .
" We do n't know what would have happened [ in a full contest ] , " he said .
" I 've seen Gayle score a Twenty20 century in absolutely no time , so you 've no idea .
His dismissal did n't affect the situation at that stage .
If he'd got out before the rain , when there were still ostensibly 20 overs still to face , that would have been important because it would have significantly affected the run-scoring capability .
" Wickets start to diminish in importance the shorter the game , " he added .
" The fact that the match had been reduced to a further 3.4 overs only meant that his wicket was fairly immaterial .
The only thing that was lost was the momentum [ that his innings had generated ] , but there are plenty other good West Indians who could come in and pick up the mantle . "
On another day , one of those men might have been Kieron Pollard , but as Duckworth himself conceded , his unusual dismissal - stumped off a leg - side wide for 0 - actually worked in West Indies ' favour on this occasion , because they earned a run for the extra , without using up any deliveries .
However , he did not accept that such anomalies ought to be factored into future Twenty20 scenarios , with sides permitted to lose only , say , three or four wickets in the case of a six - over chase .
" It would have made no difference , " he said .
" When the target was revised , the resources [ we factored in ] were whatever wickets are left and the fewer overs .
We only alter the overs .
The consideration of losing wickets came in over ten years ago , right at the start , and there are very good reasons why this would be totally impractical . "
Duckworth did , however , confirm that small alterations to the formula are made from time to time , as came to light during a CB40 fixture between Leicestershire and Durham on Monday , when it transpired that the scorers at Grace Road had been using the 2009 calculations to set Leicester a chase of 176 in 26 overs , when the 2010 figure ought to have been 181 .
" We do recalibrate quite regularly , " he said .
" We review the data every four years , and last summer as part of a series of regular reviews , we did reanalyse all the data that existed , and this for the first time included an extremely large pot of Twenty 20 data .
" We reached two important conclusions .
The first was that the scoring patterns in Twenty20 matches fitted in absolutely perfectly with the formula that we 'd always used satisfactorily with 50 - over games .
Secondly , however , there were one or two small changes needed to the numbers going into our formula , so that the tables and the targets would be ever so slightly different .
But the changes were very small , and were accepted by the ICC in an independent assessment by their statistical advisors . "
Given that he was announcing a six - year programme of spending cuts unprecedented in the modern era , George Osborne said little in his budget speech about unemployment .
Now we know why .
Over the next five years , the Treasury believes that at least 2,000 jobs a week are to go from the public sector and up to 2,800 a week from the private sector as a direct result of the planned spending cuts .
So much for the idea that the coalition government is taking a surgical knife to a bloated state , creating the space for an unshackled private sector to take up the slack .
The private sector will face a double whammy : work from the public sector will dry up , while the loss of so many public jobs will have a ripple effect through the private sector .
Those parts of the country heavily dependent on the public sector , anywhere north of a line from the Wash to the Severn estuary , the impact threatens to be dire .
Osborne 's argument is that he has no choice but to take drastic action ; but , apart from the supposed need to appease the bond markets , there is no economic rationale for slashing the budget deficit in the way being planned .
First , there is no evidence that the public sector is " crowding " out investment in the private sector .
On the contrary , it has only been the demand from the public sector that has prevented the economy sliding into an even bigger hole over the past two years .
The chancellor seems to believe that taking the axe to the deficit will lead to a spontaneous recovery in the animal spirits of firms , who will respond by investing more , exporting more , and taking on more workers .
This seems improbable , not least because the " crowding in " of the private sector would require a big and permanent reduction in interest rates .
But both short - term rates ( those set by the Bank of England ) and long - term rates ( set in the bond markets ) are already at historically low levels .
Second , the climate for job creation is poor and likely to remain so .
Britain 's biggest export market , the euro area , is moribund , while the US , which hitherto has rebounded more quickly than Europe from recession , appears to be running out of steam .
Bank credit is available , but only at a price , and on conditions businesses consider too onerous .
As a result , investment is weak .
Consumers swallowed pay cuts and pay freezes in order to safeguard jobs : now it appears more than a million jobs are going to be lost anyway .
The temptation for households to save rather than spend will be mightily strong over the next few years .
Third , the attempt to appease the markets may prove counter - productive , as big sell - off in share prices on both sides of the Atlantic showed .
The plunge was caused , not by concerns over a sovereign debt crisis , but because of a sharp fall in US consumer confidence .
Having panicked governments , including ours , into crash deficit reduction , the markets are now worried about the impact on growth .
All of which shows it is dumb to allow the financial markets to dictate policy .
In Britain 's case , that means spending cuts on a scale that will exceed both in scale and duration those imposed by the International Monetary Fund between 1976 and 1982 .
Yet , unless the next few years throw up a source of job creation as yet unidentified , the impact of this budget will be depressingly similar .
Think 1980s .
Think Boys from the Black Stuff .
Think a new lost generation .
Detail :
An essential album ( unless you already have all the singles !)
This album concerns itself with material written by John and / or Paul quite early in their career .
As a rule the Beatles did NOT write songs specifically for other artists to perform , almost all songs were written as potential tracks for The Beatles .
But if requests came in for material , they would simply pick something out from the " spare " songs .
Of course , most requests would be turned down , but it was almost impossible to refuse Brian Epstein himself .
Brian , appreciating the hit writing capabilities of his star performers , would often ask for something to be tailored to launch many of his new signings .
In this way he arranged for Lennon - McCartney to supply songs for the initial recordings of : Billy J. Kramer , Tommy Quickly , The Fourmost , and Cilla Black .
Of course , this album is by no means complete ( Mary Hopkin , Badfinger , to name two ) , but serves as a terrific example of the early writing talents of Lennon and McCartney .
The sleeve concept was by Colin Miles , with the artwork and design by Adam Yeldham .
I took a free workshop on the female condom the other day .
I was surrounded by a variety of counseIors : at - risk youth , drug , women ’s health , and others .
I guess I should have seen it crouching in the corners of the workshop .
It lurked in a chat I had with another woman about my recent post on Trojan Magnums and its trading on the Big Black Penis stereotype .
She instantly defended said stereotype , almost to the point that she would n’t let me finish describing my post .
Then it sprang forth … unfortunately from the same woman defending the above - mentioned cliché .
“ [ The female condom ] is only 6.5 inches , ” she complained .
“ How is this going to accommodate an 8 - inch penis ? ”
The facilitator said that the female condom is rather strong and has some elasticity .
Also , she added , different self - identified women enjoy different sizes , which the condom can definitely accommodate .
It was another participant who wrestled the meme down .
At least for that moment .
“ Medically speaking , the vagina is , on average , about 6 inches long .
When aroused the cervix can go up , which lengthens the vagina to about seven inches .
A man longer physically than that ca n’t put his whole penis in , anyway . ”
( Go Ask Alice offers a similar explanation . )
The questioner became quiet , and the size issue scurried away — at least for that moment .
The equivalent of the Big Dick Braggart ( BDB ) is the Size Queen ( SQ ) .
This particular character claims that not only is bigger better , but that the Size Queen is a bigger and better person because s/he can “ handle it , ” whether it ’s a 10 - inch penis or a penis - shaped sex toy .
If someone does n’t like ‘em big…well , there ’s just something wrong with that person , yes ?
And anything impeding the Size Queen from another opportunity to continue that claim — such as a female condom — well , there ’s just something wrong with that product , yes ?
Even though sexperts and other sexual - health advocates continue to state that some people of various gender identities may prefer different - sized dicks , it is cold comfort when the mass media loops the same message , “ enormous is ecstatic , ” again and again .
Yes , some of us may dislike Sex and the City and really can’t stand Samantha , but part of her popularity is due to the fact that she ’s the reigning pop-culture queen of the Size Queens .
And , like the Big Dick Braggart , the Size Queen is striped with some ugly racialized stereotypes , namely that the only type such a person would want to have sex with is — you guessed it — a black man .
I have heard some self - identified women and men of different races imply their SQ status by saying that they “ only sleep with black men ” because they ’re “ so big ” … and , as my mom would say , the end of that sentence is “ and I ’m big enough to manage it . ”
Woe to the black man who ’s not “ hung ” because that could mean his SQ partner judging him as “ not black enough . ”
The flip side of this is the assumption that all self - identified black women * must * be SQs because all of us must have had ( or must need ) black men for lovers , and , thanks to the Big Black Penis myth , would n’t even consider a person from another race or ethnicity –let alone another gender !–as a possible partner .
As Carmen Van Kerckhove , the departing publisher of Racialicious says , sexual stereotypes , like all stereotypes , flatten our humanity .
If a person prefers certain sizes of penises , that ’s cool — but that person is n’t inherently sexually cool because of that preference .
To me , the meme of the Size Queen rolls over quite a few people — when the meme itself needs to be flattened for many people ’s sake .
Especially not on a trucker hat .
Every day hundreds of cab drivers from different taxi companies line up at the Calgary International Airport to provide on demand taxi service to passengers .
But drivers are worried that 's about to end .
They say the Calgary Airport Authority is going to give one taxi company the exclusive rights to the airport .
Drivers say their income is at stake if they 're not allowed to pick up passengers at the airport .
" This is anti-driver , anti-taxi business , it is a capitalistic attitude , and if you go beyond that , it is something fishy and we do n't like it , " commented taxi driver Harbhadn Dhillon .
Fazal Qadir has been driving a cab for 22 years .
He says he 'll have to quit because he thinks the rent drivers pay to brokers will go up under a monopoly .
" I have no choice , I can't pay more rent .
I have kids , family , maybe I go to the government welfare , " said Qadir .
Cab Drivers of Calgary spokesperson Rajiv Kapil is also worried about what will happen if a single provider is awarded the airport contract .
" If one company gets a contract , the rest of the drivers will be on road , they will be stranded , they will lose their jobs , they will lose their earnings , " said Kapil .
The Calgary Airport Authority says no decision has been made yet .
Spokesperson Jody Mosely tells CTV
News she can't speculate what the future holds .
She says right now there is a public request for proposals for taxi service at the airport and that process does n't close until May 26th .
Kapil wo n't wait until the bidding process is over .
He 's organizing a meeting for taxi drivers and cab companies Monday night .
The meeting will be held at the Radisson Hotel on 16th Avenue NE at 6 p.m .
How can we talk about strong nonprofit organizations and building relationships in the community without talking about Board Development ?
Today , we remedy that oversight with a guest post from Erica Holthausen of Joppa Communications .
I met Erica on Twitter and am so pleased to have her sharing her thoughts with us here today .
Welcome Erica !
Do you remember how you felt when you were first approached and asked to join the Board of Trustees ?
If you ’re like me , you were probably pretty excited .
After all , serving on the board is a great way not only to support an organization you care about , but to really make a difference – to have an impact .
Yeah , I remember that feeling .
So why is it that six months later , we ’re singing the blues with B.B. King ?
The thrill is gone
The thrill is gone away
The thrill is gone baby
The thrill is gone away
You know you done me wrong baby
And you ’ll be sorry someday
If you are singing the blues , you ’re not alone .
There are hundreds of books , workshops , websites , articles and consultants specifically dealing with board development .
And , there are some truly excellent resources available that provide tips , hints , sample policies and tout the benefits of a consent agenda .
They help you make the board more efficient .
In other words , they strive to limit the amount of pain you must endure by limiting the amount of time you spend in a meeting .
Whoa !
Do n’t get me wrong .
I think many of the board development resources are incredibly valuable .
I regularly use materials from BoardSource and always encourage my clients to adopt a consent agenda .
But these tools miss a critical step .
Just because a board is efficient , does not mean that it is engaged and passionate .
Board development needs to do more than simply manage the pain .
Moving Beyond Pain Management
The next time you attend a board meeting , take a look around the room .
Every person sitting at the table experienced that feeling of excitement when they were first asked to join the board .
These are people who care about the organization and want to see it succeed .
This is not a dysfunctional board .
It ’s just a bit bogged down in the day - to - day governance functions .
Conversations revolve around finances , fundraising and fiduciary duties – often to the exclusion of passion , play and promise .
The real question is how to reintroduce passion and play into board meetings .
I know , I know .
I can hear a few of you groaning already .
Passion and play at a board meeting ?
Is she serious ?
Yes .
I am .
Now before you start singing the blues again , let me explain .
I ’m not going to tell you to sit in a circle , hold hands and sing Kumbaya ( unless that kind of experience would resonate with your board ) .
What I am going to propose is that each board meeting start by reflecting on the mission of the organization and the impact it has in your community .
I know you ’re a little skeptical , but we ’ll start with an easy assignment .
Before your next board meeting , ask the Chair to set aside 20 minutes to allow each trustee to share their reason for joining the board .
If you do this , and everyone speaks up , I guarantee you that at least one other board member will inspire you with their story .
This is just one way of reflecting on the mission of the organization .
But the options are limited only by your imagination !
Here are a few more ideas to get you started :
Imagine what your community would look like if your organization fulfilled its mission .
How would that impact the community ?
What would you see ?
Tap into people ’s strengths and passions .
What does each individual trustee do well ?
How do they want to use their skills to help the organization ?
Invite a staff member to share what they do for the organization and why they choose to work in the nonprofit sector .
Invite a program volunteer to come to a meeting and share their reasons for choosing to invest time with your organization .
Invite a program participant or service recipient to share their story at a board meeting – and always share thank you notes written to the organization .
The goal of these exercises is not only to reignite the passion of your trustees , but also to connect more deeply to the mission of the organization and gradually move the board ’s attention from monitoring the past to creating the future .
Of course , the goal is also to add a little more passion , play and promise into these meetings .
By the way , just because your board meetings are now energizing and fun does n’t mean you have to stop listening to the blues .
You just have to change the soundtrack .
Maestro !
A little B.B. King , please !
As Principal of Joppa Communications , Erica Holthausen helps nonprofit organizations build a community of engaged and loyal supporters , enhance visibility , increase cause awareness and raise philanthropic support .
A self - described idealist , she blogs regularly about sustainability , nature , historic preservation , conservation , community supported agriculture and fisheries , good food and , of course , nonprofit organizations .
She resides in Newburyport , Massachusetts .
If this post was helpful , please sign up for e-mail updates at the top of the page , or add this blog to your RSS feed .
The first piece of evidence that the warming over the past few decades is n’t part of a natural cycle is how fast the change is happening .
The biggest temperature swings our planet has experienced in the past million years are the ice ages .
Based on a combination of paleoclimate data and models , scientists estimate that when ice ages have ended in the past , it has taken about 5,000 years for the planet to warm between 4 and 7 degrees Celsius .
The warming of the past century — 0.7 degrees Celsius — is roughly eight times faster than the ice - age - recovery warming on average .
The second reason that scientists think the current warming is not from natural influences is that , over the past century , scientists from all over the world have been collecting data on natural factors that influence climate — things like changes in the Sun ’s brightness , major volcanic eruptions , and cycles such as El Niño and the Pacific Decadal Oscillation .
These observations have failed to show any long - term changes that could fully account for the recent , rapid warming of Earth ’s temperature .
Finally , scientists know that carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas and that it is released into the air when coal and other fossil fuels burn .
Paleoclimate data show that atmospheric carbon dioxide levels are higher than they have been in the past 800,000 years .
There is no plausible explanation for why such high levels of carbon dioxide would not cause the planet to warm .
Get out and hug a tree , and you could help save a little part of Britain 's ancient natural history .
The Woodland Trust will today launch its Ancient Tree Hunt in London , where it already has records of about 500 specimens including planes , oaks , yews , silver birch and cherry trees .
Some were saplings centuries ago , when the whole world had fewer people living on it than live in the capital today , and organisers hope that Londoners can help identify many more of the venerable trees , in public spaces or gardens .
" There may be many more out there , " said the trust 's spokeswoman Fiona Moss .
" That 's why it 's a real public call to action : there could be a tree in your local park , or [ walking ] past a shopping centre , you have never even noticed . "
The campaign aims to identify 100,000 ancient trees by next year .
To qualify as " ancient " , some trees can be at least 100 years old , while some species must have lived several more centuries : oaks are ancient when they are about 600 .
The best way for ordinary people to tell is to hug them , says the trust .
The broad rule of thumb is an ancient tree will be 5 m or more around the trunk – about two and a half adult hugs – though some younger qualifiers like the cherry and silver birch are only one adult reach .
Likely suspects will be provisionally added to the charity 's database before they are verified by one of its experts .
The scheme will be launched under a large London plane tree in Barnes , south - west London – believed to date back to 1685 when James II , England 's last Catholic king , was on the throne and there were only 6 million people in England .
Jill Butler , the Trust 's conservation policy advisor , said : " The older trees are , the more valuable they become for wildlife .
They are literally nature reserves on people 's doorsteps , and once removed or fragmented , the ecology associated with them is isolated and cannot survive .
Even when a tree has actually died , the deadwood can go on providing a valuable habitat for decades for thousands of insects , birds , fungi and lichen .
Many can't live anywhere other than in trees in this condition . "
Since the national launch of the Ancient Tree Hunt in 2007 , 63,000 ancient trees have been reported and recorded .
The trust has also published a borough by borough guide of London 's most popular ancient tree species ( PDF ) .
Revealed :
The very unappetising truth about McDonald 's chicken meals ( Jamie Oliver , look away now )
A chicken squats in a shed the size of a football pitch somewhere in the outback of Brazil .
And it 's not alone .
One of tens of thousands , each bird is allowed the floor space equivalent to a sheet of A4 paper and will live for just 40 days before it hits its genetically - engineered slaughter weight .
That 's if it does n't perish along the way .
Five per cent or so will be unable to cope with the conditions and die even before then .
Those that survive will be plucked and butchered in an industrial process the like of which this planet has never before seen .
Every year billions of chickens will live and die in this way .
Of course , South America is a long way away .
But your local McDonald 's is not .
And that is where a significant proportion of this intensively reared meat will eventually end up .
McChicken Sandwich : Much of McDonalds ' poultry comes from Brazil , where the animals live in cramped conditions
Of all the chicken churned out by the fast - food chain - the equivalent of 30 million birds a year - 60 per cent is imported frozen from Brazil .
A further nine per cent comes from Thailand and 30 per cent from Holland
A quick bit of arithmetic reveals just how much of the chicken sold in the fast - food giant 's British restaurants is reared in this country : that 's right , just one per cent .
It 's a figure that 's never before been published , and it will surprise and disturb many .
After all , in recent years McDonald 's has effectively relaunched itself as a chain that cares about the provenance of its food and its relationship with the nation 's farmers .
There have been television adverts featuring bucolic rural scenes , paper tray mats that introduce the customer to the chain 's suppliers and a website that boasts of lovingly nurtured , homegrown spuds .
The beef they use is sourced entirely from British and Irish farms , the eggs free - range , the milk organic and the coffee beans Rainforest Alliance - certified .
And , clearly , it is something that chimes with the public .
During the past four years , McDonald 's UK had added £ 465 million to its sales , while in 2009 there was a double - digit increase in like - for - like sales as customer visits rose year on year .
In terms of growth , Britain is leading the way across McDonald 's international empire .
The chain 's ads boast of lovingly nurtured produce
Impressive stuff , and it's not just the public who are reacting well .
This month , the celebrity chef Jamie Oliver publicly gave his backing to the chain .
' The quality of the beef , they only sell free - range eggs , they only sell organic milk , their ethics and recycling is being improved and improved , ' he said in an interview .
' And I can't even believe I 'm telling you that McDonald 's UK has come a long way , but actually , it probably puts quite a lot of gastro - pubs to shame , the amount of work they 're doing in the back end .
' Also , they 've just had their best commercial year in four years , so they 're proving that being commercial and caring can work .
Actually , it 's the future . '
But what - and it is a very big ' what ' - about the chicken , the dish which one suspects many customers seeking a healthier option would generally go for ?
What aspect of these birds ' life cycle , of the impact their production has on the planet , could possibly be described as ' caring ' ?
More to the point , is it something about which Jamie Oliver or the millions of customers who eat in McDonald 's every week are even aware ?
A decade or two ago , people went to McDonald 's for one thing and one thing alone : a beefburger .
Today , a glance at the menu shows just how much the fast - food chain - and the nation 's tastes - has changed .
Forget the Big Mac , it is chicken that is now equally big business .
On the menu there is the Chicken Legend burger , £ 2.99 , the McChicken sandwich , £ 2.19 , Chicken McNuggets , £ 2.19 for six , or £ 2.49 for nine , and Mayo Chicken , 99 p .
The toasted deli sandwiches include chicken and bacon , £ 2.99 , chicken salad , £ 2.99 , and sweet chilli chicken , £ 2.99 .
Then there are the salad options : crispy chicken and bacon , £ 3.29 , and grilled chicken and bacon , £ 3.59 .
Supportive : The TV chef Jamie Oliver has publicly given his backing to McDonalds
Finally , on the recently introduced Little Tasters menu , there is the chicken caesar snack wrap , £ 1.49 , and the salsa snack wrap , £ 1.49 .
The growth of this side of the McDonald 's menu is in no way accidental .
The British perceive chicken as a healthy alternative to red meat and are eating ever - increasing amounts of it .
Upping its presence on the McDonald 's menu was a ' no - brainer ' that has been integral to the company 's success .
' I suspect we are taking business from some of the chicken restaurants because we keep extending the number of chicken - based items on our menus , ' admitted Steve Easterbrook , chief executive of McDonald 's UK , as he explained the company 's success in the midst of a recession .
British - born Mr Easterbook has been praised for turning around the chain 's prospects in this country .
The company reached its nadir in 2002 when McDonald 's globally reported the first losses in its history .
Here , things were especially bad .
Having been hit in the late 1990s by the outbreak of mad cow disease , public sentiment in Britain had also been turned against the chain by the long - running ' McLibel ' trial , in which the firm spent £ 10 million suing the activists Dave Morris and Helen Steel for what it said were defamatory claims made in leaflets the couple produced about McDonald's .
Negativity among British consumers was further enhanced by Super Size Me , Morgan Spurlock 's 2004 film that documented the drastic effect an exclusively McDonald 's diet had on his physical and psychological well - being .
To counter this , Mr Easterbook set about introducing a more ' local ' approach to the business , listening to what British customers wanted rather than imposing an Americanised formula .
This localist approach in part centred on responding to consumers ' concerns about the quality and the origins of the food sold .
Ever since , McDonald 's marketing strategy has focused heavily on the restaurant 's use of home - reared beef , free - range eggs and organic milk .
Undeniably these have all been changes for the good , and Jamie Oliver 's comments have to be seen in that context .
Food firms capitalise on our ignorance
But having assumed the moral high ground , its customers will no doubt be all the more surprised to learn that when it comes to its ever - growing range of chicken products there has been no such transformation .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , it is something McDonald 's largely glosses over .
While its promotional literature makes great play of the fact that its beef is ' sourced from over 16,000 British and Irish farms ' , when it comes to chicken , the meat 's origin is left deliberately vague .
There is no mention on the company 's main website , nor in its restaurants , as to where it comes from - let alone the fact that so much of it is imported , frozen , from thousands of miles away .
' The only meat we use across our entire chicken range is succulent chicken breast meat , ' its website states .
As for its suppliers , it says that they raise the chicken to high standards and that the meat can be traced back to the farm from which it originates .
Wherever that may be .
Of course , McDonald 's is not alone in importing chicken from Brazil and Thailand , nor in using intensively reared chicken .
Ninety - five per cent of the 850 million chickens bred for meat in this country are intensively reared , while similar quantities are imported from abroad .
High Street chains that buy in frozen chicken from around the world include Pret A Manger , Subway and KFC .
But it 's the way in which McDonald 's has re-branded itself that opens it up to questions about the sourcing of its chicken .
Patrick Holden is director of the Soil Association , the body that certifies organic food in the UK .
' I think people associate McDonald 's with having made an effort to make the beef better , and I think they assume that the chicken also mainly comes from UK farms and that it is probably free - range , ' he says .
' We , the public , are ignorant , and it is our ignorance that the food companies are capitalising on .
Until the public ask difficult questions , they can get away with it .
Golden Arches : McDonalds has relaunched itself as a chain that cares about the provenance of its food - but what about its chicken ?
( File picture )
' It would be better for McDonald 's to source their chicken from the UK rather than Brazil and elsewhere .
Then , after that , they have to go one step further and to source it free - range .
' The inconvenient truth about chicken is that we have become addicted to cheap white meat and , in the long term , the addiction is completely unsustainable economically and in terms of land use . '
It is a point echoed by Kirtana Chandrasekaran , food campaigner for Friends of the Earth .
' If you are selling a chicken burger for £ 1 or however much it is , then you have to understand that someone is paying for it either in environmental terms or farming terms ; it is a case of buy cheap now , pay later . '
And McDonald 's makes no bones about the fact that the reason it buys chicken from abroad is because it is cheaper .
' British consumers prefer to eat chicken breast meat , which is why now the only meat we use in our chicken menu items is chicken breast , ' said a spokeswoman .
' This consumer demand means that chicken breast meat commands a premium price in the UK compared to some European countries and other parts of the world .
' As far as we are aware , current UK demand for chicken breast meat outstrips domestic supply .
Therefore , in order for us to meet our customer demands for quality and price , we now source the vast majority of our chicken from abroad . '
But McDonald 's insists that even though the meat is imported , the chickens are raised in a way that equals or exceeds the welfare standards required for intensively reared chickens in the UK .
In practical terms , this means that the maximum stocking density cannot exceed 38kg per square metre - the equivalent of somewhere between 15 and 18 chickens .
They also insist that the flocks are physically inspected several times a day and that sick or dead birds are immediately removed .
Of course , such strictures will be seen as mere window - dressing by those who believe that chickens should be bred in a less intensive way .
It is a case of buy cheap now , pay later
Beyond those arguments , there are other issues specific to the importation of chicken meat from abroad , particularly Brazil .
One of the world 's agricultural super - powers , the South American nation became the largest exporter of chicken meat in 2004 .
By 2020 , industry officials hope Brazilian exports will represent around 50 per cent of the total world market .
According to the Brazilian Chicken Producers and Exporters Association ( ABEF ) 3.63 million tons of chicken meat from some five billion chickens were exported in 2009 .
Sourcing chicken from there is cheaper for British companies than using UK meat because production costs are lower .
Wages for workers are typically 700 reais a month - that is about £ 250 a month or £ 3,000 a year .
Human rights activists and union leaders complain of poor working conditions within the industry , claiming that thousands of workers are made to perform repetitive tasks such as stripping chickens while in temperatures of around 10C ( 50 F ) .
Equally important in keeping costs down is the availability and price of the soy and corn on which the chickens are raised .
Environmentalists warn that food that could be used to feed people is instead being diverted into the production of chicken destined for restaurant plates in richer , developed countries .
It has also been alleged that the deforestation of the Amazon has intensified because of the need to grow more crops to feed more chickens .
Last night , asked by the Mail to explain the differences between its sourcing policies for beef and chicken , a McDonald 's spokeswoman insisted that the decision to buy the vast majority of its chicken from overseas ' was so that we could keep offering our customers great value without compromising on quality ' .
Ironically enough , Jamie Oliver has been a vocal critic of the intensive rearing of chickens .
Two years ago , in his Channel 4 show Jamie 's Fowl Dinners , he branded the practice as ' morally wrong ' and called for the public to switch to birds that enjoy a better standard of life .
All of which makes you wonder whether - when he discovers the truth about where McDonald 's chicken comes from - he will be quite so effusive in his praise for the company 's ' healthy ' new image .
" He said 9/11 caused colossal losses to the US , therefore he wanted to locate Osama bin Laden and his friends .
We presume he came here with an intention to kill them . "
Faulkner was sent to Peshawar where he is being questioned by Pakistani intelligence agents .
Amerikas Rechte und der Fußball " Wir wollen die WM nicht ! "
Amerika ist im WM - Fieber .
Das erfolgreiche US - Team sorgt für Quotenrekorde und volle TV - Kneipen .
Doch nicht alle jubeln .
Bei den Rechten regt sich heftiger Widerstand gegen Fußball .
Sie sehen ihn als unamerikanisch : Er sei schlimmer als Curling , und Fußballer exotische Immigranten - Fremdlinge .
Detail of LADWP 's downtown headquarters | Photo by Mr Gold via LAist Featured Photos on Flickr
A power surge across Los Angeles this afternoon may have caused two TV stations to go dark while others on Twitter commented about how it affected them .
A LADWP spokesperson said the agency experienced a dip in the system around 3:15 p.m .
" It has something to do with equipment on our transmission lines , " explained Gale Harris .
" As far as we are showing , no customers were out as related to that . "
She said the light flickered in her downtown office at the utility 's headquarters .
Nonetheless , at the same time problems occurred for many throughout the city even if LADWP cannot confirm they are related .
" You do n't see this every day — two network - owned stations off the air in Los Angeles , " reported Kevin Roderick at LAObserved .
Finally at 4:18 p.m. KCAL9 went back on the air .
" We took a pretty severe power hit , " said a newscaster .
" We 're still trying to ... "
Then the audio went out and you could only see the picture .
KCAL eventually put a logo on the screen as it fixed audio issues .
At 4:22 p.m. , the newscast attempted to return , but with more audio problems .
At 4:25 , audio was back and off again and back again .
It looping stock audio and footage of the city as occasional audio problems continueed to persist .
At 4:30 p.m. , things appeared to be normal .
Mossad agent in Dubai assassination also wanted in New Zealand
May 7 , 2010 by intelNews
By JOSEPH FITSANAKIS | intelNews.org |
An Israeli Mossad officer wanted by New Zealand authorities is among five suspects recently identified and named by Dubai police in connection with the assassination of a Hamas official .
The officer , Zev William Barkan , has been identified as a major suspect in last January ’s assassination of Hamas weapons procurer Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in a luxury Dubai hotel .
In 2004 , Barkan was one of three Mossad agents who engaged in an aborted attempt to acquire a New Zealand passport , using the birth certificate of Auckland resident Tony Resnick .
New Zealand authorities managed to arrest Barkan ’s two associates , Uriel Zoshe Kelman and Eli Cara , both from Israel ; but Barkan and Resnick managed to escape arrest by flying to Sydney , Australia , before fleeing to Israel .
The case caused a major –albeit temporary – rift in New Zealand - Israel relations .
Wellington canceled a planned visit to New Zealand later that August by the then Israeli President Moshe Katzav , and delayed approval for the appointment of a new Israeli ambassador to New Zealand .
High - level diplomatic relations between the two countries were effectively suspended until August of 2005 , when the Israeli government issued a formal apology for “ the activities which resulted in the arrest and conviction of two Israel citizens in New Zealand [ and ] the involvement of Israeli citizens in such activities ” .
Dubai authorities said they plan to name more of the 32 suspects who participated in the killing of al - Mabhouh in January .
My city feels like a crime scene , and the criminals are all melting into the night , fleeing the scene .
No , I 'm not talking about the kids in black who smashed windows and burned cop cars on Saturday .
I 'm talking about the heads of state who , on Sunday night , smashed social safety nets and burned good jobs in the middle of a recession .
Faced with the effects of a crisis created by the world 's wealthiest and most privileged strata , they decided to stick the poorest and most vulnerable people in their countries with the bill .
How else can we interpret the G20's final communique , which includes not even a measly tax on banks or financial transactions , yet instructs governments to slash their deficits in half by 2013 .
This is a huge and shocking cut , and we should be very clear who will pay the price : students who will see their public educations further deteriorate as their fees go up ; pensioners who will lose hard - earned benefits ; public sector workers whose jobs will be eliminated .
And the list goes on .
These types of cuts have already begun in many G20 countries , and they are about to get a lot worse .
For instance , reducing the projected 2010 deficit in the US by half , in the absence of a sizeable tax increase , would mean a whopping $ 780 bn cut .
The cuts are happening for a simple reason .
When the G20 met in London in 2009 , at the height of the financial crisis , the leaders failed to band together to regulate the financial sector so that this type of crisis would never happen again .
All we got was empty rhetoric , and an agreement to put trillions of dollars in public monies on the table to shore up banks around the world .
Meanwhile the US government did little to keep people in their homes and jobs , so in addition to haemorrhaging public money to save the banks , the tax base collapsed , creating an entirely predictable debt and deficit crisis .
At this weekend 's summit the Canadian prime minister , Stephen Harper , convinced his fellow leaders that it simply would n't be fair to punish those banks that behaved well and did not create the crisis ( despite the fact that Canada 's highly protected banks are consistently profitable and could easily absorb a tax ) .
Yet , somehow , these leaders had no such concerns about fairness when they decided to punish blameless individuals for a crisis created by derivative traders and absentee regulators .
Last week a Canadian newspaper , the Globe and Mail , ran a fascinating article about the origins of the G20 .
It turns out the entire concept was conceived in a meeting back in 1999 between Canada 's then finance minister , Paul Martin , and his US counterpart , Lawrence Summers ( itself interesting since Summers was , at that time , playing a central role in creating the conditions for this financial crisis , allowing a wave of bank consolidation and refusing to regulate derivatives ) .
The two men wanted to expand the G7 , but only to countries they considered strategic and safe .
They needed to make a list but apparently they did n't have any paper handy .
So , according to reporters John Ibbitson and Tara Perkins , " the two men grabbed a brown manila envelope , put it on the table between them , and began sketching the framework of a new world order " .
Thus was born the G20 .
The story is a good reminder that history is shaped by human decisions , not natural laws .
Summers and Martin changed the world with the decisions they scrawled on the back of that envelope .
But there is nothing to say that citizens of G20 countries need to take orders from this handpicked club .
Already , workers , pensioners and students have taken to the streets against austerity measures in Italy , Germany , France , Spain and Greece , often marching under the slogan : " We wo n't pay for your crisis . "
And they have plenty of suggestions for how to raise revenues to meet their respective budget shortfalls .
Many are calling for a financial transaction tax that would slow down hot money and raise funds for social programmes and fighting climate change .
Others are calling for steep taxes on polluters that would underwrite the cost of dealing with the effects of climate change and moving away from fossil fuels .
And ending losing wars is always a cost - saver .
The G20 is an ad hoc institution with none of the legitimacy of the United Nations .
Since it just tried to stick us with a huge bill for a crisis most of us had no hand in creating , I say we take a cue from Martin and Summers .
Flip it over , and write on the back of the envelope : Return to sender .
The ones who get results know what they are doing .
They know how to eat .
They know how to train .
They know when to make adjustments .
Etc .
Know What You Are Doing .
Get Results .
It ’s a simple , obvious concept .
With the right knowledge , muscle building becomes a much easier task .
Unfortunately , a great many trainers never get that knowledge .
They listen to the wrong advice or they misinterpret and misapply the right advice .
Their attempts to build muscle mass end in frustration .
This site is about intelligent strategy , working a complete muscle building program to amazing results .
Below are the 5 major components of a results - producing muscle building program .
Get these these things right and you WILL build muscle .
Lots of muscle .
In this operation , the local group Suning.com takes over 80 % of the French group ’s business in China and the latter will retain 20 % and two positions on the board of directors
The French giant of the Carrefour distribution , in full restructuring in France and abroad , announced on Sunday the sale of 80 % of its activities in China to the local Suning.com group for 620 million euros .
“ The price for the purchase of 80 % of the shares of Carrefour China is 4,800 million renminbi , ie 620 million euros , ” the group said in a statement .
The operation will close before the end of the year .
Following this operation , Carrefour will retain 20 % of the new set , as well as two of the seven positions of the Carrefour China supervisory board .
Present in China since 1995 , Carrefour China has 210 hypermarkets and 24 proximity stores .
In 2018 , it generated a turnover of 3,600 million euros ( - 10 % compared to the previous year ) .
Suning.com is a distribution giant in China with 8,881 stores in more than 700 cities .
MarketWatch has just reported that the Senate has made it safe to bet big and naked on Wall Street .
An amendment to the Finance Reform Bill that would have outlawed Naked CDS – Credit Default Swaps that are pure bets on what will happen on default positions taken by others ; this prudish amendment has thankfully been rejected .
Now naked CDS are a big , multi- trillion -$ Casino operation on Wall Street and other global markets .
It is the source of huge growth and profits , so the Banksters are loath to see their money making operations closed down .
So there is major pushback from the financial plutocrats against any Washington efforts or from other government capitals where financial reforms are being considered .
But naked or synthetic CDS are not very defensible because they are blatant gambling serving no insurance or other economic purpose .
So the Banksters SpinDoctors are arguing that gambling $ Trillions is vital to providing information on terms and conditions in the broader derivative markets .
Supposedly these naked bets are valuable for setting the rates in the Credit Default markets and defining the value of the underlying CDOs .
Of course , no one bothers to mention the fact that many of these markets are so opaque , complex and closed that little or no information gets transmitted , disclosed or otherwise disseminated to the public .
The simple fact is that these are largely and deliberately private gambling havens where buyers and sellers and terms are only known to a small set of market makers and participants .
This was the underlying problem in September 2008 when Lehman went tits up – nobody knew who owed what and to whom because of the complexity and opaqueness of many of the transactions .
And so financial markets – and broad categories of lending and loaning just stopped working .
But hey one of the major causes – opaque and naked big bets in the multi-trillion dollar derivative markets are a Banksters growth industry .
So the US Senate has seen fit to let that gambling haven continue on .
Here is how MarketWatch describes the situation :
However , naked credit default swaps are derivative investments set up by two investor groups that have no insurable interest but are betting on whether another bond will default or not .
The measure , which was introduced by Sen. Byron Dorgan , D - N.D. , would have been attached to a bank reform bill under consideration in the Senate .
A measure banning naked credit default swaps was approved by the House as part of a bank reform bill it approved in December .
“ There is not one social or economic benefit to these investments , ” Dorgan said .
How could one let a Senator from North Dakota [ ?!] rule the roost ?
So let us not fault the US Senate when one of their kind goes astray !
Here is a vital American industry , subject to great job losses and financial distress [ in the latter case falling from 41 % of all US business profits in 2007 to estimates of only 40 % in 2009 ] .
So Saints Preserve US , the US Senate had to and did preserve these vital “ financial operations ” so at least Wall Street should and shall live long and prosper !
Read more posts by the author of 010 .
Dwarf Satus ,
What - what - what ?
Double - length 10th strip extravaganza ?
But how ?
Why ?
Who ?
When ?
Um … which ?
Ahem .
Happy 10th strip y’all !
If you 're a fan of LOST , chances are you will be watching the finale with friends or family or both .
Â
If you 're a huge fan of LOST , chances are you 're having some sort of nerdy LOST - themed party with friends or family or both .
Â
Here are some suggestions for delicious LOST - themed treats to serve .
Walted Milk Balls
For the first two hours of the party , you are told how incredibly tasty these are supposed to be .
Â
Suddenly they are gone and no one speaks of them again .
Shepherd's Pie
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This pie is always trying to make the party better , but the thing is , it can't fix every party it 's at .
Â
The pie really just needs to let go and accept that it 's just one pie .
Â
It 's an important pie , yes , but it can't feed everyone .
Sometimes it is okay to accept help from other pies .
Not Penny's Gravy Boat
I would actually not suggest putting this gravy on anything .
Â
Helping your appetite is not its ... primary objective .
WAAAAAAAAAALTed Milk Balls
We 'll bring this to the party again , because the party was not done with them yet .
Â
All this treat cares about is being with other similar candies , because that is its right .
Â
That is a CANDY 'S right .
Â
They 'll probably save a bunch of other snacks , but then get thrown away .
Pizza In Another Life , Brotha
This pizza reminds you of something , but ... you can't quite put your finger on what that might be .
Â
It gives you the sinking feeling that this pizza does not belong to you , like you should be eating a different pizza .
Â
Somewhere else .
Â Some
While there has n't been any announcement or official confirmation that the game is in the works , new evidence certainly suggests its existence .
From the actor tweeting about his audition for the game to the job posting that strongly hints at a sequel , it seems like a safe bet .
The latest news on the situation is that Sony has registered infamous2thegame.com .
Obviously , nothing 's official until Sony comes out and announces it , but there 's plenty of evidence pointing towards whatever Sucker Punch is currently working on .
Derrek Huff SALT LAKE CITY / PRICE - Our bright and shining light , Derrek Christopher Huff was extinguished far too soon on June 18 , 2010 .
He was born August 31 , 1986 in Price , Utah to Todd and Jana Patten Huff .
Derrek was a handsome young man who could win anyone over with his sense of humor and charming ways .
He had a love for the game of golf that was nurtured by his grandpa John who got him started in the game with his first set of clubs at age 5 .
He will always hold a special place in his heart .
Derrek was the most loving and caring older brother a little sister could have ever wanted .
A day did n't go by without talking to his mom or grandma Sharon .
They always stood by his side and loved him unconditionally .
Derrek is at peace now , after a hard fought and courageous battle with his inner demons .
They can't hurt him anymore .
Gone but always in our hearts and minds .
He will be dearly missed by his mother and stepfather , Brent and Jana Keil ; his sister , Katelyn Keil ; loving grandparents , John and Sharon Patten , and Betty Huff ; many loving aunts , uncles , cousins and dear friends ; and the love of his life , Nicole Keller .
" To the stars and back , the memories of him will last forever . "
Derrek was preceded in death by his father who he loved and admired Todd Huff ; and his grandfather , Verl Huff .
" Goodbye for now my sweet boy .
I love you .
Till I see you again someday . "
Funeral service , Thursday , June 24 , 2010 , 12:00 noon , Mitchell Funeral Home .
Family will be at Mitchell 's Thursday from 10:30 - 12:00 .
Interment , Cliffview Cemetery , Price .
Online memories of Derrek can be shared at www.mitchellfuneralhome.net
To send a flower arrangement to the family of Derrek Huff , please click here to visit our Sympathy Store .
We 've already learned that bacon makes all food better , but this dish is bacon - infused and pretty clever .
If chocolate - covered bacon is too much of a stretch for you , try the less intense sweet and savory combination of fruit cups made out of bacon .
Advertisement
These little cups of heaven contain a nice mix of mango , avocado , and homemade aioli , along with a few other things ( like basil , onion , and various sugars ) to taste .
Of course , if you wanted to , you could substitute any fruit you wanted .
You 'll also need a few pounds of bacon , preferably longer pieces to make the shaping of the bowls easier .
You form the cups with an upside down muffin tin , wrapping the bacon around the cups , and putting together the fruit fixings while they bake and harden their shape .
Not only is it a great combination of sweet and savory , but the process involves our other favorite combination — food and clever uses for items we already have lying around the house .
Hit the link for the full instructions , and let us know your favorite fruit and bacon combinations in the comments .
Advertisement
Bacon Fruit Cups [ Instructables ]
After I 've finished unboxing the HTC EVO 4G that Google gave out at the Google I/O conference , I started playing with the phone and noting down things that are different from other phones , things that are interesting , and things that bug me .
Note that this is not meant to be a full review - the bullet points are just my first impressions after 2 hours of use .
Think of this post as a mini hands - on review :
The Screen
The first thing you notice is the screen THE SCREEN .
It is HUGE .
.
It is HUGE .
The screen is quite glossy , I think quite a bit glossier than my Hero 's but that could be because it 's so much bigger .
This is not a good thing - I had a lot of trouble taking pictures without having some sort of reflections .
, I think quite a bit glossier than my Hero 's but that could be because it 's so much bigger .
This is not a good thing - I had a lot of trouble taking pictures without having some sort of reflections .
The screen looks kind of washed out if you look at it at an angle .
I am not a big fan .
It is relatively crisp though and looks good when looked at straight .
if you look at it at an angle .
I am not a big fan .
It is relatively though and looks good when looked at straight .
It is also a fingerprint magnet - ughhh .
- ughhh .
By the way , the screen on the Samsung Galaxy S was absolutely insane .
The Super AMOLED technology dropped my jaw to the ground - it was like comparing a super crisp matte photo to a bit washed out , average , glossy one .
I literally thought I could touch the objects inside the screen when I was playing with the Galaxy S. Still can't get over that .
was absolutely insane .
The technology dropped my jaw to the ground - it was like comparing a super crisp matte photo to a bit washed out , average , glossy one .
I literally thought I could touch the objects inside the screen when I was playing with the Galaxy S. Still can't get over that .
There was a really weird bug where if the phone is charging , the screen becomes almost unresponsive ( at least when the battery is low ) .
I could n't even enter the unlock pattern until I unplugged it .
I 'm not sure if this will happen again but if you 've seen it too , please comment .
The Body
EVO 4G has a beautiful body , both in the back and in the front
There are 2 ports on the bottom - HDMI and MicroUSB
The volume buttons are on the right side of the screen instead of the left , which actually makes a lot of sense with a screen this size , as pressing them with my thumb is more comfortable .
are on the right side of the screen instead of the left , which actually makes a lot of sense with a screen this size , as pressing them with my thumb is more comfortable .
The power button at the top and the inability to turn the screen on by holding Menu like I could on the Hero is quite annoying right now .
It makes one - handed operation a lot harder and I always thought those power buttons on top were never easy to press .
Maybe I 'll get used to this .
like I could on the Hero is quite annoying right now .
It makes one - handed operation a lot harder and I always thought those power buttons on top were never easy to press .
Maybe I 'll get used to this .
Having said that , the new power button allows turning the screen on and off while on a call , which was impossible with the HTC Hero ( you could n't turn the screen off as it would hang up the call )
, which was impossible with the HTC Hero ( you could n't turn the screen off as it would hang up the call )
The haptic feedback is kind of odd and annoying .
Sometimes it switches to a nice soft vibration and is really nice but a lot of other times , it 's kind of annoying and has that plasticy / metallic vibrate feeling and sound .
I wonder if there is a way to force it to use that soft vibration all the time somehow .
is kind of odd and annoying .
Sometimes it switches to a nice soft vibration and is really nice but a lot of other times , it 's kind of annoying and has that plasticy / metallic vibrate feeling and sound .
I wonder if there is a way to force it to use that soft vibration all the time somehow .
I just realized there was no rocker / trackball and instead the left / right / down / up buttons were part of the on - screen keyboard .
That has me kind of bummed and I am definitely going to miss it .
and instead the .
That has me kind of bummed and I am definitely going to miss it .
The notification LED is there , in case you were wondering - it 's hidden behind the speaker at the top .
Speed
The EVO is very - very fast .
I went on an installation spree in the Market and I could n't click Install fast enough for it to even show any signs of lag - by the time I moved on to the next program , the previous one was already installed .
Everything is very snappy .
.
I went on an installation spree in the Market and I could n't click Install fast enough for it to even show any signs of lag - by the time I moved on to the next program , the previous one was already installed .
Everything is very .
There is sometimes some minor lag with scrolling and complex web pages are not as smooth as , say , the iPad ( I know , I know but iPads are pretty amazing devices ) but everything is still totally usable .
with scrolling and complex web pages are not as smooth as , say , the iPad ( I know , I know but iPads are pretty amazing devices ) but everything is still totally usable .
I 'm sure Froyo will speed this bad boy up , as Google engineers told me at the conference that they 've optimized pretty much every aspect of the OS in Froyo .
Other
Not a big surprise :
It comes preloaded with the same crappy Sprint apps as every other Sprint Android phone , and I am looking forward to rooting it as soon as someone figures out how , so I can remove them .
as every other Sprint Android phone , and I am looking forward to rooting it as soon as someone figures out how , so I can remove them .
There is a 4G widget that allows you to turn 4G on and off separately from 3G .
that allows you to turn 4G on and off separately from 3G .
There is a Spring Mobile Hotspot app which has security going up from None all the way up to WPA2 , which is great .
Remember though , using the hotspot feature costs $ 30 / mo .
I wonder how Froyo , which comes with native WiFi hotspot capabilities , will work with the EVO and whether Sprint will cut it right out .
I have reviewed the mobile hotspot app separately here .
which has security going up from None all the way up to WPA2 , which is great .
Remember though , using the hotspot feature costs $ 30 / mo .
I wonder how Froyo , which comes with native WiFi hotspot capabilities , will work with the EVO and whether Sprint will cut it right out .
I have reviewed the mobile hotspot app separately here .
Live wallpapers are included and look very nice .
I shot a quick rundown of some of them which you can find below .
are included and look very nice .
I shot a quick rundown of some of them which you can find below .
FriendStream , which is a widget combining multiple social networks is present as well .
, which is a widget combining multiple social networks is present as well .
The FM Radio app is present and requires earbuds or a headset to be plugged in to be used as an antenna .
is present and requires earbuds or a headset to be plugged in to be used as an antenna .
The phone came with a class 2 8GB Sandisk microUSB card , which should be plenty for now .
Too bad it 's not class 6 - if you need that , you can pick a really nice 16GB one that I reviewed here instead .
Here are a few photos of the Live wallpapers in action , followed by a video :
I was trying to figure if the wallpapers react to touch while you 're setting them up , and they did n't .
Some of them do , however , after you set them and go to the home screen ( for example , the Nexus wallpaper ) .
For more photos of the EVO , check out the EVO 4G unboxing post .
I am off to play with the EVO some more now and do a brain dump of everything I learned at the conference in the last 2 days .
A senior Hamas figure said Friday that official and unofficial US sources have asked the Islamist group to refrain from making any statements regarding contacts with Washington , this following reports that a senior American official is due to arrive in an Arab country in the coming days to relay a telegram from the Obama Administration .
The Hamas figure told the London - based Al - Quds Al - Arabi newspaper that the Americans fear discussing the talks publicly would " rouse the Jewish lobby and other pressure groups in the US and cause them to pressure the administration to suspend all talks with Hamas . "
The Hamas figure , who is close to Ismail Haniyeh , the prime minister of the government in Gaza , added , " This is a sensitive subject .
The Americans do n't want anyone to comment on it because this would catch the attention of pressure groups ( in the US ) and cause problems . "
He said Hamas ' exiled leadership in Damascus is overseeing the contacts behind closed doors .
On Wednesday a Washington - based Arabic newspaper quoted a senior official as saying that an American envoy is scheduled to meet with Hamas representatives in an Arab country and hand them a letter from the Obama Administration .
According to the report , the official said Washington has no choice but to work with Hamas due to its influence in the Arab and Islamic world .
By now you 've heard that Sarah Palin 's making noise about a " new , conservative feminist movement , " a tent big enough to include " Tea Party feminism " , " pro-life feminism " and " real feminism " as embodied by the likes of Liz Cheney and Michelle Malkin .
Advertisement
All this would hardly merit more than a quick Inigo Montoya impression , if not for the fact that people wo n't quit trying to make the idea of Sarah Palin Feminism happen .
And if the fringe right has taught us anything over the last few years , it 's that the more the media takes your horseshit seriously , the more people start to forget that you 're completely disingenuous and / or out of your friggin ' mind .
So fine , let 's take an old , liberal feminist look at this concept before it gets too much more traction .
Five looks , in fact .
Advertisement
Look 1 : You 've got to be fucking kidding me
In a series that begins with " anti-choice feminism , " " Tea Party feminism , " and " Sarah Palin feminism , " what comes next ?
" Phyllis Schlafly feminism ? " " Patriarchal feminism ? " " He - Man Woman Hater Feminism ? "
I mean , how long until the Washington Post publishes a " feminist " argument for repealing the 19th Amendment ( there 's no truly pro-woman party anyway , do n't you know ? ) , or widening the pay gap ( so more men can be sole breadwinners again and more women can freely choose to stay home ) or , I do n't know , reclaiming the word " chattel " ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
As it is , these " conservative feminists " are erecting so many straw feminists to define themselves against , all of America should be protected from crows who are insecure about their masculinity for generations to come .
To hear these women tell it , those of us who were using the word before it was cool ( see Look 5 ) are not only anti-men , anti-motherhood , and obsessed with abortion , we are now also anti-woman .
" In fact , " writes Lori Ziganto at Hot Air , " they are diametrically opposed to feminism , by it 's very definition , because their entire agenda is actually harmful to women . "
( Did you know there was one handy link to the entire feminist agenda ?
I did not ! )
" This is why I now call them Femogynists and I 'm taking the term feminist back . "
So , supporters of the old - fashioned , liberal feminist agenda should now be called … pro-woman in two languages ?
OK , I 'll take it .
We might want to hang onto " femogynists , " even , just in case people like Ziganto do manage to " take back " a word they never wanted anything to do with before .
And as a preemptive strike , perhaps we on the left should coin a neologism to describe self - identified feminists who oppose a Femogynist Agenda that promotes women 's right to bodily autonomy ; that supports comprehensive , truthful sex education and access to affordable , reliable contraception ; that seeks full equality for women of color , poor women , gay women , transwomen , disabled women , immigrant women , childfree women and atheist women ( not to mention hairy women , angry women , women who just can't find a man and women who favor comfortable walking shoes ) just as much as white , conservative , Christian mothers ; and that expects a government that 's ostensibly of the people , for the people and by the people to , you know , act like it .
There really should be a word for people who find such an agenda abhorrent — something like " misfeminist , " maybe ?
Advertisement
No , wait , I 've got it !
" Misogynist . "
That makes much more sense .
Make sure you credit me when you use that one .
Look 2 : Who gets to define feminism , anyway ?
" Now , there are a lot of ways in which this [ conservative feminist ] logic is contorted , not least of all the suggestion that supporting the right to choose represents a no-confidence vote for the idea of mothers leading fulfilling professional and personal lives , " writes Meghan Daum in the L.A.
Times .
" But putting that aside , I feel a duty ( a feminist duty , in fact ) to say this about Palin 's declaration :
If she has the guts to call herself a feminist , then she 's entitled to be accepted as one . "
Advertisement
Daum 's got a point , sort of .
There is no governing body that awards official feminist credentials or the right to use the term .
And since the word " feminist " was invented , there have been people claiming it for themselves who disagree with each other , often vehemently and on numerous points .
It 's an anti-feminist myth , in fact , that feminists are in lockstep on every issue and anyone who self - identifies as such somehow condones every word ever written by Gloria Steinem , Betty Friedan , Andrea Dworkin , Mary Daly , Valerie Solanas , Margaret Sanger , Germaine Greer and Jessica Valenti , all at the same time .
Of course , if that were true , then feminists would need an even higher tolerance for logical inconsistency than Biblical literalists .
( OOH , DO YOU SEE ?
DO YOU SEE HOW THEY HATE CHRISTIANS ? )
In reality , most of us just agree to disagree , and / or have better things to do than spend a lot of time monitoring who 's using the word on any given day .
And as Daum points out , given the number of liberal women who believe in gender equality but eschew the word " feminist , " there 's an argument to be made for applauding anyone who 's willing to " drop the F - bomb . "
So , can't I just agree to disagree with Sarah Palin – or at least to ignore her use of the term and continue to go about my business ?
Well , evidently not , or I would n't be writing this .
The problem is , words mean things .
I could start calling myself a red meat conservative , or campaign for those of us who are against the death penalty to " reclaim " the term " pro-life , " but at some point , the relationship between your beliefs and your choice of words either passes the sniff test or it does n't .
And someone who actively seeks to restrict women 's freedom calling herself a feminist is , not to put too fine a point on it , a liar .
There 's a difference between a big tent and no boundaries whatsoever ; if Palin 's " entitled to be accepted " as a feminist just because she says she 's one , then the word is completely meaningless — as opposed to merely vague and controversial .
And I might just start calling myself a " right - winger " because I 'm right - handed , or a " fundamentalist " because I believe everyone deserves a solid primary education , or a " birther " because I once hosted a baby shower .
Advertisement
Look 3 : Depending on whom you ask , a bunch of privileged white women looking out for their own is perfectly consistent with the history of feminism
Of course , my take on Look 2 is contingent upon the fact that I 'm still basically fond of the word " feminism " and willing to align myself with a movement that 's been exclusive and problematic from the get - go .
And that has a lot to do with my being white , financially comfortable and straight – traits shared not only by most of the dominant voices in the traditional feminist movement , but the " new conservative " one .
As Renee Martin wrote in the Guardian last month , feminism has a well - documented history of excluding women who do n't share them , and plenty of progressives have long since given up on the term and the movement as the domain of a few privileged women who are at least complicit in the oppression of others , if not consciously working for it .
Advertisement
So why is the idea of " Sarah Palin , feminist , " any worse than the umpteen bona fide prominent feminists who have promoted racism , homophobia , transphobia , classism , ableism and the ongoing dominance of only a certain type of women 's voices over the years ?
Arguably , it 's not .
Arguably , it 's the logical endpoint of a movement long shaped by women who are but one –ism away from the top of the heap in the first place , and perhaps more interested in taking that one step up than in ending oppression all the way down .
If the feminist movement primarily serves women who are already tantalizingly close to full kyriarchal approval , we probably should n't be surprised when a group of women who are even closer – basically just like the old feminists , except they do n't expect the government to help anyone and are n't fussed about bodily autonomy !
– decide they 're yet more qualified to run it .
And if you find that thought as horrifying as I do , a good , long look in the mirror is probably in order .
Advertisement
Look 4 : There 's something to be said for visibility , maybe ?
Generally speaking , feminists are in favor of seeing more women in positions of power .
And as Hanna Rosin writes in Slate , certain members of the Tea Party are currently angling to make that happen , like some Bizarro World Emily 's List .
The problem is , they support the kind of female candidates who make us old - fashioned feminists root for men .
Or yellow dogs .
Or benevolent alien leaders .
Advertisement
But if I can argue – and I have — that Taylor Swift 's career can be counted as a win for women , even while her lyrics reinforce sexist bullshit , I should probably be able to muster an argument that getting more women , any women , into the game is a good thing .
And that the natural consequence of increasing women 's access to power is increasing the access of women whose politics turn my stomach .
Like , if I want to see the day when female candidates are just considered plain old candidates , and there are so many of them the novelty has disappeared entirely , I need to to suck it up and take the Palin with the good .
I should be able to construct that argument , probably .
I 'd just really rather not .
Advertisement
Look 5 : If everybody 's clamoring to use the word " feminist " these days , then feminists must have done something right , right ?
Speaking of Bizarro World , one curious thing about this " new conservative feminism " is that all these women suddenly want to be known as feminists .
Like it 's a good thing !
A desirable thing !
A fashionable thing !
When did this happen ?
Advertisement
You know that saying about social justice movements that 's usually ( but almost certainly falsely ) attributed to Gandhi : " First they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win " ?
Well , the person who is almost certainly not Gandhi left out a step that comes between the fighting and the winning : " Then they co-opt your rhetoric . "
We 're already used to hearing conservatives talk about choice and equal opportunity and fiscal responsibility and privacy and all sorts of other shit they think sounds good , even though they do n't actually vote for any of it .
And they think it sounds good because they recognize that reasonable people tend to be in favor of such things , and you still – if only just – need some reasonable people on your side to win elections .
Well , damn if that 's not what they 're doing with feminism now – which suggests they 've finally noticed that women 's equality is something reasonable people believe in .
They still wo n't actually work for it or vote for it or put forth candidates who sincerely believe in it , natch .
But feminism is apparently enough of a mainstream value that right - wing whackjobs want to appropriate it to sound like they 're actually interested in the good of the people !
How do you like that ?
Advertisement
Tea Party activist Betty Jean Kling told Rosin , " Each woman has her reasons for joining [ the party ] , but I would like to believe that deep down she has a degree of pride in knowing that when she is voting out the incumbents she may be voting in a new woman with new ideas who will be really amenable to women 's rights . "
Now , I 'd prefer , of course , for members of a party that is n't completely antithetical to my values to talk about female candidates and new ideas and women 's rights like that .
I 'd prefer to see candidates who are actually amenable to women 's rights , including the right to control our own bodies , the right to marry whomever we love , the right to health care and child care and politicians who care about the people they represent .
But if they 're stealing our language to broaden their appeal , then we must have done something right along the way .
That makes me one proud femogynist .
Is The Tea Party a Feminist Movement ? [ Slate ]
Sarah Palin , Feminist [ L.A. Times ]
You Might NOT Be a Feminist If ... [ Feminists for Choice ]
Pro-Life Feminism
Is the Future [ Washington Post ]
Taking Feminism Back : Sarah Palin Endorses Nikki Haley for SC Governor [ Hot Air ]
I 'm Not a Feminist ( And There Is No But ) [ Guardian ]
K - Lo Will Not Rest Until The Scourge of Feminine Joy Is Wiped out Completely [ Pandagon ]
Nice Work ASCAP : Convinces Yet Another Coffee Shop To Stop Promoting Local Bands
from the all - about - the - money dept
" I am 100 percent in compliance , " Hopper said .
" I 'm not charging cover at the door .
I 'm not paying the bands , and they are just playing songs they wrote .
They essentially said to me , ' We do n't care .
We have this low - end licensing fee you must have because there is a chance your band might play a cover song . ' "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We see nearly identical stories every six months or so , but Chris Curvey has sent in the latest involving the various US collection societies -- ASCAP , BMI and SESAC threatening a little coffee shop into canceling all live music , after demanding a performance license , despite the fact that the coffee shop only has local , unsigned bands playing , with a promise that they wo n't play any cover songs .
It 's the same old story that we hear over and over again .
The venue insists that only unsigned bands are playing , and they 're not playing ASCAP music , and ASCAP says that it does n't matter .
You need to pay upa band happens to hum someone else 's song :
This has been happening all over the country , and the end result is actually causing massive harm for up - and - coming artists .
That 's because these kinds of coffee shops and small bars that used to be where most musicians would get their start via open mic nights , are now banning all music to avoid having to pay these licenses .
It means there are fewer places for musicians to have a chance to perform in front of a live audience .
ASCAP / BMI / SESAC claiming that they 're helping artists is a flat out lie .
Their mission is really to support the largest acts at the expense of smaller acts , and ridiculous demands on coffee shops like the one above contributes to that situation .
They even admit it at times , when you catch them talking candidly .
Some folks have been willing to stand up to these collection societies , like the town in Connecticut who received license demands for music played at the town center .
In response , the town council voted to ignore the threats .
But , it seems that it 's just easier for most little shops to just stop playing music altogether .
Of course , that goes against ASCAP 's public claims of being in the interest of artists , but ASCAP and BMI have made their real goals clear through their actions , and it has little to do with actually helping up - and - coming artists .
After all , they might compete with the big stars .
Filed Under : coffee shops , open mics , songwriters
Companies : ascap , bmi , sesac
The human brain efficiently solves certain operations such as object recognition and categorization through a massively parallel network of dedicated processors .
However , human cognition also relies on the ability to perform an arbitrarily large set of tasks by flexibly recombining different processors into a novel chain .
This flexibility comes at the cost of a severe slowing down and a seriality of operations ( 100 –500 ms per step ) .
A limit on parallel processing is demonstrated in experimental setups such as the psychological refractory period ( PRP ) and the attentional blink ( AB ) in which the processing of an element either significantly delays ( PRP ) or impedes conscious access ( AB ) of a second , rapidly presented element .
Here we present a spiking - neuron implementation of a cognitive architecture where a large number of local parallel processors assemble together to produce goal - driven behavior .
The precise mapping of incoming sensory stimuli onto motor representations relies on a “ router ” network capable of flexibly interconnecting processors and rapidly changing its configuration from one task to another .
Simulations show that , when presented with dual - task stimuli , the network exhibits parallel processing at peripheral sensory levels , a memory buffer capable of keeping the result of sensory processing on hold , and a slow serial performance at the router stage , resulting in a performance bottleneck .
The network captures the detailed dynamics of human behavior during dual - task - performance , including both mean RTs and RT distributions , and establishes concrete predictions on neuronal dynamics during dual - task experiments in humans and non-human primates .
A ubiquitous aspect of brain function is its quasi- modular and massively parallel organization .
The paradox is that this extraordinary parallel machine is incapable of performing a single large arithmetic calculation .
How come it is so easy to recognize moving objects , but so difficult to multiply 357 times 289 ?
And why , if we can simultaneously coordinate walking , group contours , segment surfaces , talk and listen to noisy speech , can we only make one decision at a time ?
Here we explored the emergence of serial processing in the primate brain .
We developed a spiking - neuron implementation of a cognitive architecture in which the precise sensory - motor mapping relies on a network capable of flexibly interconnecting processors and rapidly changing its configuration from one task to another .
Simulations show that , when presented with dual - task stimuli , the network exhibits parallel processing at peripheral sensory levels , a memory buffer capable of keeping the result of sensory processing on hold .
However , control routing mechanisms result in serial performance at the router stage .
Our results suggest that seriality in dual ( or multiple ) task performance results as a consequence of inhibition within the control networks needed for precise “ routing ” of information flow across a vast number of possible task configurations .
Until now , the modeling of dual tasks is only specified at a level of mathematical description and functional cognitive architecture [ 4 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 24 ] , [ 25 ] .
At the neurophysiological level , understanding what kind of collective neural organization leads from massively parallel single - unit processing to a serial unfolding of two successive decisions has not been established .
This situation is , to a large degree , due to the fact that there have been detailed monkey electrophysiology of single - task decision making [ 26 ] , [ 27 ] , but no comparable investigation of dual - tasks .
Here we present an effort to bridge this gap between an abstract mathematical description and the underlying complex neurophysiology .
We present a detailed model , based on realistic properties of spiking neurons which is capable of flexibly linking processors to form novel tasks .
As a consequence of this flexibility , the network exhibits a functional serial bottleneck at the level of the “ router ” circuit needed to link processors .
The model presents detailed predictions for future electrophysiological studies of dual - tasks and serial computations in the human and non-human primate brain .
The psychological refractory period ( PRP ) provides a classic and clear demonstration in experimental psychology of the coexistence of parallel processing and serial processing bottlenecks within a cognitive task .
When performing two tasks in rapid succession on two successively presented targets T1 and T2 , delays are observed in some but not all of the T2 processing stages .
Analysis of these delays suggests that a “ central decision stage ” suffers from seriality while perceptual and response operations occur in parallel [ 4 ] , [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] .
Despite the fact that the PRP has been one the most widely studied paradigms to investigate dual - task interference , no network implementation had been proposed which provides a plausible implementation of its underlying mechanisms .
Boxological and schematical models of the PRP [ 4 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 19 ] have successfully determined a theoretical framework which provides a synthesis of two basic aspects of cognitive architecture : 1 ) its chronometric organization , 2 ) its components that can act in parallel and those that impose seriality .
According to these models , each task involves three successive stages of processing : a perceptual , a central , and a motor component .
The perceptual stage of sensory processing - which is performed in a modular ( parallel ) fashion - does not provide a major contribution to temporal variability .
A subsequent stage of serial processing involves a stochastic integration process , traditionally used to model decision making in single tasks [ 20 ] – [ 23 ] and is a main source for the variability in response time .
In contrast , the last motor processing stage has only a small contribution to response variability and can be performed in parallel without interfering with other processing stages from concurrent tasks .
Despite their simplicity , these models have been very successful in explaining a broad range of behavioral data , including the complex response time distributions of dual - task experiments , which can be precisely predicted only after untangling the serial and parallel stages of each task [ 18 ] .
A ubiquitous aspect of brain function is its modular organization , with a large number of processors ( neurons , columns , or entire areas ) operating simultaneously and in parallel .
Human cognition relies , to a large extent , on the ability to perform an arbitrarily large set of tasks by flexibly recombining different processors into a novel chain ( e.g. respond with the right hand to the red square ) [ 1 ] – [ 3 ] .
Yet this flexibility does not happen without a cost .
Chaining individual computations is done at a very slow pace ( 100 –500 ms per step ) and with a considerable temporary tying - up of the brain 's resources , generating what is known as “ dual - task interference ” – the inability to perform several tasks at once [ 4 ] – [ 8 ] .
Several cognitive theories support this view , arguing that while most mental operations are modular and parallel , certain specific processes which establish flexible links amongst existing processors impose a serial processing bottleneck [ 3 ] , [ 9 ] – [ 15 ] .
Results
Architecture of the Model In accordance with previous theoretical proposals [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] here we propose that seriality in dual ( or multiple ) task performance results as a consequence of inhibition within the control networks needed for precise “ routing ” of information flow across a vast , virtually infinite , number of possible task configurations .
To examine this hypothesis , we will explore dual - task performance in a recurrent network of spiking neurons capable of performing flexible routing of information according to specific task instructions .
Contrary to previous computational work addressing flexible mapping [ 30 ] –[ 33 ] , our objective is not to study flexible behavior per se but to understand the conditions under which a computational model capable of flexible sensory - motor mapping shows patterns of interference when two tasks have to be performed simultaneously or in close succession [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 34 ] .
Following classic experimental procedures of the PRP [ 35 ] , the interference experiments we address here involve different sensory modalities , to avoid sources of interference in early sensory processing ( with the exception of the last section , where we investigate the effects of masking ) .
The model that we simulate is described in detail in the Materials and Methods section and in Figure 1 .
It includes two sensory modalities organized in a hierarchy in which each successive layer receives inputs from neurons of the previous layer thus generating progressively complex receptive fields .
Within each hierarchical level , for simplicity we explore in detail only two distinct neural populations for each sensory modality , which correspond to the neural coding of the two task - relevant dimensions ( red and orange populations in Figure 1 representing , for example , a high and low pitch sound , respectively ) .
Other task - irrelevant stimuli were encoded by a large pool of non task - selective excitatory neurons ( pink populations in Figure 1 ) , as done in many other spiking networks modeling decision - making [ 36 ] .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 . Network architecture .
Schematic of the spiking neuron network model .
Each population , represented with a circle , contains between 80 and 640 neurons .
Circles with diagonal textures indicate inhibitory populations and all other circles indicate populations of pyramidal cells .
Whenever two populations of neurons are connected this indicates full connectivity between them .
The network includes two sensory modalities ( sensory 1 and 2 ) , organized in a hierarchy in which each successive layer receives inputs – mediated by rapid ( time constant of 2 ms ) AMPA receptors - from various populations of the previous layer thus generating progressively more complex receptive fields .
Each stimulus ( for example , S1 ) is represented by the co-activation of four specific neural populations in the first layer of the sensory hierarchy .
Just for illustration purposes , each stimulus is represented as a solid circle and the different features of this stimulus as parts of this circle , i.e. the 4 red neurons in the first layer represent a stimulus when they are active together .
Sensory modules are also connected through non-specific feedback connections mediated by slow ( time constant of 100 ms ) NMDA receptors .
Both sensory modalities converge to the router , which is a common integrator .
The integrator neurons feed back to the sensory neurons , generating recurrent activity which can maintain and amplify sensory information .
Integrator neurons connect to response neurons and thus route information from sensory to motor neurons .
Subsets of the neurons in the router link information from stimuli to responses in a flexible manner .
Router neurons also receive input from task - setting neurons and thus act as detectors of the conjunction of the relevant task and the appropriate stimulus .
The circuit involved in mapping S1 to R1 of Task 1 as well as the task - setting of Task 1 is emphasized in bold .
Response execution is triggered by a set of bursting neurons that signal a threshold - cross of the input received from the routing neurons that integrate information .
Response neurons feed back to the router and to inhibit the neurons immediately after the response .
This inhibition prevents perseveration and is required to stabilize the network in a single response mode .
In a typical PRP experiment , which we model here , subjects are instructed to respond to both tasks as fast as possible in a particular order .
To enforce this response order in the network we organized the task - setting neurons in a hierarchy [ 52 ] in which the neurons coding for Task 1 and Task 2 are controlled by a switch composed of task - order units ( see Materials and Methods section for a detailed description ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000765.g001
Each element in this sensory hierarchy is a canonical cortical circuit comprising excitatory pyramidal cells and local inhibitory cells , previously shown to be capable of performing elementary functions of working memory and decision making [ 36 ] – [ 38 ] .
Only excitatory pyramidal cells project with long - range connections to neurons higher and lower in the sensory hierarchy , while inhibitory neurons only project locally .
Feedforward and feedback connections in the model differ both in the properties of the receptors that mediate the transmission as well as in their specificity [ 39 ] – [ 42 ] .
Feedforward connections are highly specific : Each neuron projects to a single homogeneous population in the next higher level .
For simplicity , they are assumed to be all mediated by fast AMPA receptors , although in reality a small fraction of NMDA receptors would be expected .
In the reciprocal direction , feedback connections are more broadly connected : each neuron sends non-specific feedback connections to all excitatory cells in the previous level [ 40 ] , [ 41 ] .
Again , for simplicity we assume that feedback transmission is mediated by slow NMDA receptors .
Since the contribution of NMDA receptors to synaptic transmission varies with the level of postsynaptic depolarization , this ordering of glutamate receptors between the feedforward and feedback streams broadly assigns a driving role to the feedforward input and a modulatory one to the feedback , as in previous models [ 43 ] .
Both sensory modalities project to a router which connects the sensory representations to a set of possible responses .
Neurons in the router integrate sensory evidence and trigger a response when their activity reaches a threshold [ 44 ] .
An explicit instruction - presented before the stimulus – sets the task for a given trial , i.e. specifies the specific mapping which indicates which response has to be executed when the stimulus is presented .
The network that stores task instructions is referred throughout this work as the task - setting network .
Excitatory populations in this network are activated by the presence of task - relevant stimuli in sensory areas and , through their patterns of projection to “ router ” neurons ( see below ) , encode different stimulus - response mappings .
As with the sensory modalities , we only simulate two task - setting populations which are sufficient for the experiments considered here .
An important aspect of our model is a circuit which we refer as the “ router ” .
As in previous models of flexible decision making that do not rely on synaptic plasticity to dynamically adjust their behavior [ 33 ] , [ 45 ] , [ 46 ] , task - setting neurons affect the decision process by gating a specific subset of “ router ” neurons , which implement the possible mappings between stimuli and responses .
Here we assume a reduced ensemble of stimuli and responses and simply model as many selective populations in the router as there are combinations of stimuli and responses [ 33 ] , [ 47 ] .
Simulating a completely flexible network capable of mapping arbitrarily large stimulus and response sets , would require a high degree of overlap in the cortical representation implemented by task - setting and routing neurons .
We will come back to this possibility and its possible implications for serial processing in the discussion .
As with all other neurons in the network , task - setting neurons are entailed with self excitation and lateral inhibition .
Excitatory neurons in the task - setting network are connected to the router through NMDA connections .
When an excitatory population of the task - setting network is in an “ active ” state it excites the subset of neurons in the router receiving inputs from task relevant sensory populations and connecting them to the appropriate motor populations .
A neuron in the router which receives excitation from task - setting neurons is set in a mode of integration in which it can accumulate sensory information ( Text S1 , A ) .
This architecture also serves as a selection mechanism , assuring that task - irrelevant stimuli that are represented in sensory cortex do not elicit any output ( Figure 2 ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 .
Single - trial dynamics for task relevant and irrelevant stimuli .
Firing rates of representative trials of task - relevant ( A–D ) and task - irrelevant ( E–H ) stimuli .
Each panel shows the firing rates averaged across a population ( thick line ) overlapped with spike rasters ( each row of dots represent the spiking activity of a neuron in the population ) .
Average firing rates were calculated by convolving the spike raster from a single trial with a gaussian filter of σ = 12 ms .
( A ) Stimulus presentation ( indicated with a dashed vertical line ) generates a wave of activity that propagates through the successive stages of the sensory hierarchy .
The colored circles represent the features coded by the various populations , following the notation of figure 1 .
( B ) Router neurons show ramping activity until a response threshold is reached .
( C ) Activity in task - setting neurons is triggered by excitatory input from sensory neurons and is sustained for the duration of the task .
( D ) The response is signaled by a burst of excitatory neurons in the response network .
( E–H ) Same as panels A–D , but with the connections from sensory to task - setting areas removed .
In the absence of projection from task - setting neurons ( G ) the activity in the router ( F ) does not reach the threshold to trigger a response in motor areas ( H ) , despite strong activation in sensory areas ( E ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000765.g002
Response execution is triggered in response selection networks ( motor 1 and 2 in Figure 1 ) by a set of bursting neurons that signal a threshold - crossing of the input received from the integrating neurons , modeled as in previous work by Wang and collaborators [ 44 ] .
To ensure that the network did not enter in a response perseveration mode ( Figure S1 ) , we implemented an inhibition of return mechanism [ 48 ] typical of a control network .
After response execution , response neurons feed back to inhibit the sensory , routing and task - setting neurons involved in the task ( similar to the “ termination ” signals in Dehaene and Changeux , 1997 [ 49 ] and recently observed in single - cell recordings in awake behaving monkeys performing a sequential task [ 50 ] ) .
This architecture ensured that the network did not respond spontaneously , to irrelevant stimuli or to mappings different than those set by the explicit task - instruction and that it did not show perseveration of responses to task - relevant stimuli .
We emphasize that here we have not investigated how a large repertoire of tasks can be encoded with a finite number of neurons .
Rather , we ensure that the network has stable performance for a small number of tasks and then explore the operation of this network during dual - task performance .
Our simulations of dual task experiments showed that when both tasks were close together in time , response order could be reversed on a fraction of trials so that the first response was given to the stimulus that was presented second ( Figure S2 ) .
This coincides with experimental observation in task - interference experiments when the response order is not fixed [ 51 ] .
Here we wanted to explore a comparatively simpler situation , typically studied in psychophysical experiments , in which participants are explicitly told to respond to two tasks in a specific order , as fast as possible .
This required the implementation of a task - setting network [ 52 ] that determined the order of the tasks .
The task - setting network was bistable .
It was composed of two excitatory populations that projected to the inhibitory population of the other task .
Three hundred milliseconds before the presentation of the first stimulus , excitatory neurons in the order - setting network are activated by a brief ( 100 ms ) external input .
Due to the strong self - recurrent connections , the network maintains high levels of activity after removal of the external input and tonically inhibits T2 neurons in the task - setting network .
When the response to T1 is emitted , inhibition from the router resets the order - network permitting the activation of T2 task setting - neurons ( Text S1 , B ) .
In summary , we generated a network based on a large - scale implementation of simple canonical neuronal circuits endowed with self - recurrence and lateral inhibition .
The network has a hierarchical sensory organization which ultimately feeds stochastic evidence to “ router ” neurons which ( if activated by a specific task - setting context ) both accumulate evidence towards a motor decision and route sensory input to the relevant motor neurons .
Time Course of Neural Activations during Single - Task Performance Each stimulus has four features .
The four populations encoding low - level features of a stimulus receive a brief pulse of constant current during stimulus presentation ( 100 ms ) .
This initial impulse generates a transient response in the earliest input neurons ( Figure 2A–D ) , which increase their firing rate from the default level of around 2 Hz to around 40 Hz .
This transient response initiates a wave of activation that propagates through the network [ 47 ] , [ 53 ] , [ 54 ] .
Each layer works as an integrator of the previous layer and thus the neural response becomes increasingly expanded in time as one progress in the hierarchy .
At the highest level , recurrent connections are strong enough to assure a very low decay rate of stimulus information , resulting in an effective form of working memory as observed in several areas of occipito - temporal and frontal cortex [ 55 ] – [ 57 ] .
The last stage in the sensory hierarchy projects to the router using AMPA receptors .
Neurons in the router also receive currents from task - setting neurons , but these projections use NMDA receptors .
These NMDA currents control the recurrence in the router , and they determine the degree of integration of AMPA currents .
As a result of this architecture , neurons in the router act as detectors of the conjunction of stimulus presence and task relevance as observed in [ 58 ] – [ 60 ] .
A neuron which receives task - setting currents integrates the sensory input rapidly ( Figure 2B ) , while a neuron that does not integrates the input only partially ( Figure 2E–H ) .
Thus , task - setting neurons accomplish their role by assuring that the wave in the sensory system initiated by an irrelevant stimulus does not trigger a response .
The integration process continues until a threshold is crossed , which is signaled by a nonlinear response : a powerful burst of spikes in the motor network ( Figure 2D ) .
The activation of these response neurons , in turn , initiates a cascade of feed - back inhibition that resets activation in task - related neurons [ 50 ] .
Time Course of Neural Activations during Dual - Task Performance
The principal aim of this paper is to explore the operation of the model in a classic dual - task paradigm : the psychologically refractory period ( PRP ) , widely studied in the psychophysical literature .
We explored the response of the model with two different stimuli , presented simultaneously or at a short stimulus onset asynchrony ( SOA ) .
When the separation between stimuli ( SOA ) is much longer than the response time to the first task ( RT1 ) , the neural activations associated with the first and second task do not interfere with each other and the observed dynamics is similar to that observed during single - task performance ( Figure 2A–D ) .
The most interesting situation is for SOA values close to or shorter than RT1 ( Figure 3A–D , SOA = 100 ms ) in which case the two waves of activation evoked by each stimulus partially interfere .
In the model , this interference does not occur at the sensory level : even at short SOA , while a first target T1 is being processed , sensory neurons associated with the second target T2 still initiate a wave of activations which is very similar to that in the single - task condition .
However , due to competition between task - setting neurons , the routing neurons of T2 are not gated and hence do not integrate sensory information while T1 is being processed .
In this instance there is a very interesting dissociation : local - recurrence in the sensory hierarchy is sufficient to maintain T2 stimulus information , but this information is not piped to the motor response and awaits liberation of the router .
This constitutes a key aspect of this network – during a temporary waiting period , T2 has to be maintained in a “ local memory ” which does not propagate throughout the network .
After the response to the first task has been executed , the T1 pathway is reset and Task 2 setting neurons activate , gating the router neurons of T2 and allowing them to begin to integrate information about the second incoming stimulus .
Thus , the shift in the locus of “ task - related attention ” ( which information is amplified in sensory areas and routed to response networks ) is the natural consequence of the progression of the task in the router and task - setting network .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 3 . Neural activations during dual - task performance .
( A–D ) Firing rates in the dual - task condition inside the interference regime ( SOA = 100 ms ) .
Each panel is defined as in Figure 2 , with black and grey lines corresponding to populations from the first and second tasks , respectively .
The specific populations plotted are indicated with colored circles , following the notation of Figure 1 ( the circles to the left correspond to the first task ) .
( E ) Firing rates are plotted for 1200 trials ( 100 at each SOA ) for neurons responding to the first and second tasks ( left and right columns in each panel , respectively ) .
White lines indicate the onset of the stimuli of task 1 and 2 , and grey lines mark the specific times at which the average activity at each SOA crossed 1/ 3 of its peak value .
In early sensory areas , both the onset and offset of the response are time - locked to stimulus presentation at short SOA , thus indicating a completely parallel mode of activation .
In contrast , task - setting , response and integrating neurons show a highly serial activation profile .
The onset and the offset of these neurons for task 2 in the interference regime are locked to the end of the corresponding process of task 1 .
In the non-interference regime , however , the onset of these neurons is locked to stimulus presentation .
Higher sensory modules showed a hybrid profile , indicating that the same neuron can be involved in a phasic parallel response and also exhibits sustained activity until the response .
In the interference regime , the onset of these neurons is locked to the presentation of the stimulus , but the offset show a sequential locking to the ending of task 1 .
Firing rates were calculated by filtering the instantaneous population firing rate with an exponential causal kernel with a time constant of 20 ms .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000765.g003
Note that the second key aspect of our network is that routing neurons of T1 and T2 cannot be simultaneously activated .
In our network this is controlled through a competition between task setting neurons , but a similar result would be obtained if this competition would be implemented by lateral inhibition between routing neurons .
This would occur , for example , if the number of possible mappings largely exceeds the number of neurons in the router so that routing can only occur by a distributed assembly of active cells .
We will come back to this possibility in the discussion .
In the interference regime , the network includes groups of neurons with very different response properties ( Figure 3E ) ; the existence of these different types of neuronal firing patterns constitutes a key prediction of our simulations .
Early sensory neurons show a response which is essentially unaffected by interference , reflecting fully parallel behavior .
In contrast , the motor and task - setting neurons are strictly serial , only showing strong activation after task 1 has been completed .
The behavior of the router neurons is intermediate ; they are mostly serial , but can undergo moderate integration ( insufficient to boost a response ) before completion of T1 .
Interestingly , late sensory neurons act as a buffer .
They have an onset which is locked to the stimulus and are active until the response , so that they hold a memory of T2 which is retrieved when the router becomes available .
This population of neurons is therefore engaged in different components of the task ; first , a transient response which results in stimulus encoding , and second , a later memory trace which is eventually broadcasted to the motor neurons involved in the second task .
All the previous analysis relied on spiking activity .
Recently , much effort has been devoted to understand the relevance of complementary measures of brain function such as synaptic currents , local field potentials , and induced oscillations .
Our neuronal network has the potential to study these measures .
We first explored whether input currents in the router could be more informative than spiking activity of T2 processing stages .
We measured input currents to the router at different processing stages of T2 : Spontaneous activity , S2 queuing ( memory phase ) , and S2 routing .
During queuing , currents in the router reflected a steady level of activity which was significantly larger than during spontaneous activity ( Figure S3 ) .
Thus , during this regime , subthreshold activity in the router is tightly coupled to spiking activity of late sensory neurons .
During the routing stage , synaptic current activity ramps , coupling to the progression of spiking activity in the router .
An interesting observation was that this pattern was virtually identical for all receptor currents ( NMDA , AMPA and GABA ) .
Although the input from the task - setting network is carried by NMDA - receptors , the local amplification in the router circuit also engages AMPA currents and the NMDA specificity is lost very rapidly ( Figure S3 ) .
The task - switching circuit was endowed with high efficiency inhibition to achieve rapid switching from one task - setting program to another .
This endowed the task - setting circuit with high frequency oscillations as can be seen in the raster plots of Figure 2 .
Since the task - setting circuit drives the router , we asked how these oscillations propagate into the network and whether measures of oscillatory activity could be more informative than simply spiking activity to identify distinct processing stages from neuronal responses .
We analyzed the spectrogram of sensory , routing and task setting T2 neurons throughout the trial ( Figure S4 ) .
Responses were locked to RT1 .
Both router and task setting neurons showed clear event - related spectrograms , as seen for firing rates .
The spectral content of the responses of both populations are quite distinct : task - setting circuit activity occurs in high - frequency bands ( peaking around 70 Hz ) while router neurons , which act as slow integrators , display low - frequency responses ( ∼ 20 Hz ) .
Router neurons do not inherit high frequency oscillations of the driving task - setting neurons because these connections are mostly mediated through NMDA receptors which have a slow time constant .
Rhythmic activity in the sensory neurons showed distinct oscillatory activity during buffering and routing ( Figure S4 , left panel ) .
During routing , responses of sensory neurons showed high power in the 40–60
Hz range while during routing they were more broad band and showed an increase in lower - frequency activity .
Firing rates of sensory neurons during buffering and routing were not different ( Figure 2 ) .
Spike density coherence between sensory and router neurons also showed distinct profiles during distinct phases of task processing : phase coherence was not - significant during spontaneous activity , it showed significant coupling for low frequencies during routing and broad - band coherence during T2 queuing ( Figure S5 ) .
Effects of Noise and Oscillatory Inputs on Response Times
The previous results showed that our model can explain the precise shape of response time distributions in dual - task performance .
Here we investigate the underlying physiological markers which result in such distributions , i.e. the relation between neuronal and response time variability .
All neurons in the model receive strong background Poisson inputs , which assures a spontaneous activity of 2 – 5 spikes / s .
We hypothesized that in trials in which input noise in the sensory neurons coincides with stimulus presentation ( presented for 100 ms ) response times would be faster .
We also hypothesized that in the case of low - frequency noise ( ∼5 Hz ) , the coincidence effect of external - stimulus and internal noise fluctuations , should manifest in a phase - locking relation of stimulus presentation to internal rhythms , as observed in both psychophysical [ 63 ] , [ 64 ] and neurophysiological [ 65 ] experiments .
We first used a general linear regression model to investigate how noise fluctuations affected response times in the PRP .
The explanatory ( independent ) variables were external noise fluctuations for each population group and temporal bin , and the response ( dependent ) variable was either RT1 ( Figure 6A ) or RT2 ( Figure 6B ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 6 .
Response time sensitivity to stochastic fluctuations and low - frequency oscillations .
( A , B ) Coefficients of the linear regression model used to relate fluctuations in background inputs to response time variability .
Black traces correspond to stimulus - selective excitatory populations at different processing levels , as indicated in the figure 's legend .
Red traces correspond to inhibitory neurons within the same area .
Shades depict 95 % confidence intervals .
A positive coefficient means that higher activity due to noise leads to faster responses .
( A ) Estimates for Task - 1 sensory and router populations , with RT1 as the independent variable .
The x -axis indicates the time relative to stimulus onset , and thus positive values correspond to noise fluctuations occurring after stimulus onset .
( B ) Estimates for Task - 2 sensory and router populations , with RT2 as the independent variable .
Here , neural activity across different trials was locked to response 1 before the regression analysis .
( C ) Mean response times ( green trace ) for single - task simulations as a function of the phase between stimulus onset and background noise .
The x -axis depicts the phase of stimulus onset relative to the background fluctuation ( brown trace , bottom ) , and the y - axis depicts the mean response time in milliseconds .
Error bars indicate the standard error of the mean .
50 trials were simulated for each individual phase .
Also shown in grey - scale are the response time histograms ( bin size of 40 ms ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000765.g006
We simulated 900 trials of the PRP for an SOA of 50 ms .
For each trial , the population average of - dynamic gating variable mediating background AMPA currents ( see Materials and Methods section ) - was measured every 1 ms , assigning a value of 0 if its value exceeded the median value over all trials , and a value of 1 otherwise , independently for each population and time step .
Independent variables were obtained by averaging these values within windows of 100 ms .
Similar populations - for example , all neurons in the first level of the sensory hierarchy selective to the same stimulus - were averaged together .
A positive regression coefficient means that higher activity of a group of neurons leads to faster responses .
The time - course of the coefficients of the regression ( Figure 6 ) showed a very clear temporal organization .
For Task - 1 sensory neurons ( Figure 6A ) , fluctuations in the first sensory level which were coincident with stimulus presentations were highly predictive of RT1 .
On the contrary , fluctuations beyond this window were essentially independent of response time .
In successive stages of the hierarchy the window of correlation was delayed .
As we showed previously , RT2 variability accumulates RT1 variability ( due to changes in the onset of the routing of T2 ) and intrinsic variability of the T2 routing process .
To understand the impact of noise on each of these processes , we measured the time - course of the noise input to Task - 2 responding neurons locked to the response to Task 1 ( Figure 6B ) .
Significant noise contributions were observed before the integration onset ( Figure 6B , upper panel ) , suggesting that although sensory integration is delayed during the PRP , fluctuations in the memory trace of S2 during T2 queuing or before have an influence on RT2 .
Thus , spontaneous Poisson - noise fluctuations were effective when they coincided in time with external stimulus currents .
If noise currents were carried by low - frequency oscillations [ 66 ] this effect could result in phase locking of RTs to the rhythmic oscillatory activity .
We tested explicitly this possibility by running single - task simulations where excitatory neurons in the first sensory level received a low - frequency ( 5 Hz ) , low - amplitude ( 0.06 % of the external background noise ) , oscillatory input .
This additional input resulted in a small synchronous fluctuation on top of the large external background input .
The phase of the stimulus onset relative to the background rhythm was varied across trials in order to study its effects on average response times and their distributions ( Figure 6C ) .
The relative phase between stimulus onset and rhythmic background activity had a marked effect on response times , compatible with recent experimental findings [ 65 ] and theoretical proposals [ 66 ] linking low - frequency oscillations to attentional selection .
Our model provides a simple physiological explanation of why phase - locking stimulus to low - frequency oscillations may result in shorter response times .
When the phase is such that the peak of noise fluctuations coincides with stimulus presentation , the stimulus is enhanced and this reduces response time .
On the contrary , when stimulus presentation coincides with the valley of noise oscillations , input to the router is less effective and response times are longer .
Introduction
Celebrating 20 Years of UML 1.1
One of the key figures in the software development community , Grady Booch describes the “ grand journey ” that led to the development of OMG UML standard .
