OTTAWA–The increase in thecost of living in Toronto dropped sharply in December to 1.7 per cent , down from 2.3 the previous month , mostly led by falling gasoline prices .
Ontario's inflation rate fell to 1.5 per cent compared with 2.1 per cent in November .
Nationally , the cost of living hit its lowest level in two years last month as falling energy prices continued to drive annual inflation closer to zero .
P.E.I is already at zero while Nova Scotia and New Brunswick recorded price decreases of 0.2 per cent and 0.6 per cent respectively in December over last year .
Statistics Canada says annual inflation dipped to 1.2 per cent in December , a level not seen since January 2007 , and almost a full point below November 's two - per - cent rate .
On a month - to - month basis , prices were generally 0.7 per cent lower last month than they were in November .
But the big story is that gasoline prices are coming down at a record pace , diving another 25.8 per cent last month after falling 14.4 per cent in November , on an annual basis .
Last month 's plunge was the steepest since the government statistical agency began the gas price index in 1949 .
" Canadian headline inflation is poised to drop further in the coming months , with an eventual short - term trip into negative inflation terrain ahead , " Douglas Porter , a senior economist with BMO Capital Markets , said in an economic note Friday .
" Still , Canada 's inflation rate is now more than a full percentage point above the U.S. pace , and outright deflation is much less of a pressing risk here , particularly in light of the weaker loonie and firm wage gains .
But even on that front , the rapid weakening in the economy is expected to eventually take a big bite out of any lingering inflation pressures . "
As has been the case for the past several months , food prices are now the main driver of rising prices in Canada , increasing 7.3 per cent in December as the cost of buying fresh vegetables jumped 26.9 per cent and bakery and cereal goods swelled 12.4 per cent .
If not for higher food store prices , inflation would already be at zero , Statistics Canada said .
That scenario is likely not far off , however .
The Bank of Canada forecast Thursday that inflation is likely to dip below zero overall in the second and third quarter of this year as food prices start reacting to lower energy and lower prices for such agricultural commodities as wheat .
Still , the central bank said the prospect of deflation – a prolonged and widespread real drop in prices – is " remote . "
Of the eight major sub - groups tracked by Statistics Canada , five continued to record increases in prices over the past year , led by food and shelter costs .
Other components showing increases were household furniture and equipment , health and personal care and alcohol and tobacco .
Meanwhile , energy , transportation and clothing and footwear fell sharply .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
As well , the Bank of Canada 's core inflation rate , which excludes volatile items such as energy and many food products , remained steady at 2.4 per cent last month .
Ironically , 2008 as a whole actually brought a relatively strong increase in the consumer price index , mainly due to the steep build - up in gas prices in the first half of the year and food prices in the second .
Inflation averaged 2.3 per cent in 2008 , the agency said , the highest since the 2.8 - per-cent rise recorded in 2003 .
PTA Official , Boy Caught Half - Naked in Car Police have charged PTA mom after she was caught half - naked with a 13 - year - old .
Dec. 16 , 2008  -- A Long Island PTA official has been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after police say she was caught half - naked in a car with a 13 - year - old boy .
Joan Tuckruskye , 44 , of Baldwin , N.Y. , was found with the boy in the parking lot of Meadow Elementary School .
When an officer approached the Nissan Pathfinder , neither was wearing pants , according to police .
" They were in the back seat , " Nassau County Police Officer Michael Aronsen told ABCNews.com .
The boy 's parents were called .
Endangering the welfare of a child is a misdemeanor .
Aronsen said further charges were possible , but police only have enough information at this point for the one charge .
" If there was any kind of sex going on , there would be another charge , " he said , adding that the investigation was ongoing .
Tuckruskye , he said , has not previously faced similar charges .
Police said the woman told investigators that she and the boy were kissing .
The boy , police said , initially said he was 18 years old .
Tuckruskye , a mother of three , is in charge of fundraising for the Baldwin Middle School PTA .
The PTA 's recording secretary told Newsday that Tuckruskye appeared to be " very conscientious with school activities . "
She has been released without bail .
A message left at Tuckruskye's home was not immediately returned today .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
That 's the message we got from General Motors ' CEO Rick Wagoner 's appearance on CNBC this afternoon .
Here 's the best argument for a bailout he could come up with :
WE DON'T THINK ANYTHING POSITIVE WOULD COME OUT OF CONSIDERATION OF REORGANIZATION .
I'VE SEEN PUNDITS WRITE THIS STUFF BUT YOU CAN'T SELL CARS TO PEOPLE UNDER THAT CIRCUMSTANCE SO I THINK IT WOULD BE A DEVASTATING IMPACT , NOT JUST FOR GM , IT WOULD BE A DOMINO EFFECT ACROSS THE WHOLE INDUSTRY .
I 'M NOT GOING TO SPECULATE [ ABOUT BANKRUPTCY ] BECAUSE WE DON'T THINK ABOUT IT FOR A SECOND .
IT 'S NOT AN ISSUE OF GM , BUT THE WHOLE DOMESTIC INDUSTRY .
THE INTEGRATED SUPPLY BASE IN 50 STATES , DEALERS .
THE IMPACT WOULD BE DEVASTATING FOR THE U.S. ECONOMY AND , YOU KNOW , I READ THE PUNDITS LIKE YOU DO , I SUSPECT THESE ARE THE GUYS THAT WERE SAYING LET LEHMAN BROTHERS GO , TOO , AND WE SEE THE IMPACT THAT THAT HAD .
THAT'S A PIVOTAL ISSUE FOR THE U.S. THE FACT IS THAT THE PROBLEMS IN THE AUTO SECTOR ARE A DIRECT CONSEQUENCE OF THE CREDIT CRISIS ...
See Also : Do n't Do It , Obama .
Do n't Bail Out Ford And GM
Ciitigroup is in deep trouble and here is the proof : Citigroup Said to Urge SEC to Reinstitute Ban on Short - Selling .
Citigroup Inc. , which fell as much as 25 percent in New York trading today , is urging the Securities and Exchange Commission to revive a prohibition on short - selling financial stocks , according to a person familiar with the matter .
The bank has also discussed with lawmakers its proposal to reinstitute the ban on bets that share prices will fall , said the person , who declined to be identified because the discussions were n't public .
Citigroup , down for eight of the past nine trading days , declined $ 1.22 to $ 5.18 on the New York Stock Exchange at 2:37 p.m .
Buffeted by four straight quarterly losses , New York - based Citigroup has raised about $ 75 billion since December by selling assets and equity stakes , including a $ 25 billion injection from the U.S. Treasury .
SEC spokesman John Nester declined to comment .
Citigroup spokesman Michael Hanretta did n't return a phone call seeking comment .
No One Wants To Comment
Citigroup Weekly Waterfall
Citigroup 60 Minute Chart
Citigroup 's Ridiculous Short Selling Claim
Top Call
Chuck Prince Citigroup CEO : “ When the music stops , in terms of liquidity , things will be complicated .
But as long as the music is playing , you ’ve got to get up and dance .
We ’re still dancing " .
I leave it to you to decide whether or not this is the " last dance " .
It 's tough calling a top but I am going to try .
I suggest the current trend is exhausted .
My last " top call " was specially in regards to housing in the summer of 2005 .
Can lightning strike twice ?
Citigroup 's $ 1.1 Trillion in Mysterious Shadow Assets
Off Balance Sheet Holdings
Citigroup notes that the majority of $ 667 billion is unlikely to come on balance sheet yet presumes none of it will .
I question the idea that Citi has no credit risk .
Just how good are the counterparty guarantees for Citigroup to assume it has no risk on $ 667 billion ?
Also note that per an accounting rule change , Citigroup will be allowed to hide whatever risk there is , off the balance sheet and pretend that it does not exist at all .
These risks need to be brought on the balance sheet and fully disclosed .
Today , two months after ordering my new laptop from Dell I got a refund for € 154.28 : the price I paid for Microsoft Windows and Works .
This was after many emails to customer support and lodging a claim with the Small Claims Court .
In June I began looking into buying a new laptop to replace my PowerBook G4 12 ″ , which was starting to get a little slow for me .
I had been thinking of getting another Mac but I discovered the Dell XPS M1330 and it looked like it might be a good substitute for a MacBook .
I also realised that this would give me the option to switch back to using Linux as my main OS on my personal machine .
The Dell XPS M1330 is actually sold preinstalled with Ubuntu Linux in some parts of the world but not Ireland .
This was good news from the point of view of compatibility but it would mean buying the system with Windows pre-installed and wiping it later .
I ordered the system on the 25th June and it was delivered on the 4th July .
I say it was delivered , but it was missing an important part : the battery !
But I did n’t let that stand in my way : I booted straight off an Ubuntu install CD , wiped the system and got up and running in Ubuntu .
I contacted Dell about the missing battery and they sent one out a few days later .
With the battery issue sorted out I decided it was time to return the unwanted software with unacceptable licence terms that Dell had included in my order .
On the 10th July I wrote to Dell customer service :
I would like to return Microsoft Windows Vista , Microsoft Works 9 and Roxio Creator software supplied with my computer for a full refund as I do not accept the licence agreements .
Please let me know how I should proceed .
I am happy to destroy or return software media , licence keys , etc .
I got a response the same day saying :
I am sorry but we will not be able to cancel software media and license .
We will be able to cancel the complete order and refund the complete amount under 7 days but will not be able to cancel the software media and license .
I wrote back pointing out the clause in the software licence agreement that came with the system that says :
“ If you do not agree to these terms , promptly return all Software items ( disks , written materials , and packaging ) and delete any preloaded or embedded Software . ”
from “ Dell Computers and Monitors Product Information Guide ” , page 8 ( Barcode 0HY356A05 ) .
I explained that I had already deleted the software and would be happy to return the discs and licence keys .
I also asked for a refund for the software .
Admittedly the licence did n’t say I was entitled to a refund but my reasoning was that since I paid for these pieces of software I should get my money back if I am returning them .
I got a response the next day that quoted a bit of the Terms and Conditions of sales for the UK which said that I would lose my right to return software supplied on DVD if it was unwrapped .
I pointed out that I was n’t in the UK , that I was referring to preinstalled software , and that I had n’t unwrapped the restore / install disks .
I received a reply to this with a different excuse : “ The Operating System is factory installed and so we will not be able to cancel it . ”
I replied that there did n’t seem to be anything in the licence that excluded preinstalled software from being returned .
In my response I raised the issue that Dell had given refunds in similar cases in Ireland , the UK and the USA .
I also mentioned that if Dell had offered the system with Ubuntu pre-installed in Ireland then I would not be complaining .
A few days later I got a reply from the supervisor of the customer service agent I had been dealing with again refusing to accept return of the software :
The reason being , these are pre installed in the system and though you have not used it or have deleted it from your system we would not be able to cancel for a refund .
I replied on 15th July reiterating all the point I had made .
I made an estimate of how much I was entitled to as a refund ( at this point I did n’t know how much I had actually been charged ) and I threatened to take the matter to the Small Claims Court if I did n’t get a response .
A week later I had n’t got a resposne and I wrote saying again that I was willing to return the software and giving Dell another week to respond .
After the week had elapsed on the 31st July I called Dell customer service in the hope that I might get some response by speaking in person .
This call was largely futile : the agent argued that I could n’t return the software because I already had a licence key and they would n’t be able to reuse it if I returned the software ( or something like that ) .
However , the call was not entirely wasted because I asked how much I had been charged for the pre-installed software and the agent was happy to tell me that it was € 115.92 for Windows and € 11.59 for Works before VAT at 21 % .
That came to € 154.28 after VAT , a significant portion of what I was charged for the system as a whole .
I emailed Dell to revise my request for refund to this amount and to let them know that I would be making a complaint to the Small Claims Court on the 5th August if I had n’t heard from them .
On the 5th August I made a claim via the Small Claims Online System .
I had to fill in my details , Dell ’s details , the amount claimed and a brief description of the claim .
I then had to give my credit card details to pay the € 15 fee and I was given a reference number and the impressive - looking title of the case : DAVID O’CALLAGHAN -V- DELL PRODUCTS .
Dell were served with the claim on the 8th August and were given 15 calendar days to respond .
I contacted the Small Claims office today to find out what should happen now that the 15 days are up and was told that in practice the registrar can allow the respondent six weeks to reply : I was told to wait until 19th September .
But when I got home there was a nice surprise for me .
A letter from Dell with a cheque attached for € 154.28 .
The letter itself was artfully vague :
Further to your recent enquiry please find enclosed a cheque for the amount :
€ 154.28 Yours Sincerely ,
Refunds Department ,
Dell Products .
Now technically Dell have n’t admitted the claim ( i.e. accepted that I was entitled to a refund ) .
If they did they should have sent the cheque to the Small Claims registrar .
I suppose ,
It ’s possible that their response to the registrar was sent at the same time as my cheque but just has n’t arrived yet .
Anyway , tomorrow I will post the rejected software and Windows licence key sticker back to Dell and lodge my refund cheque .
The leader of Israel 's Likud party , Binyamin Netanyahu , has maintained a lead in advance of the country 's 10 February election that is several points clear of his main rivals , both of whom have been directly involved in the Gaza campaign .
A poll published in the Maariv daily yesterday gave Netanyahu 28 seats in Israel 's 120 - seat parliament , five more than his closest rival Tzipi Livni , the foreign minister and leader of the centrist Kadima party .
Ehud Barak , the Labour defence minister , trails in third .
Netanyahu opposes a substantial withdrawal from the West Bank and has said he would not prevent the natural expansion of settlements .
Barack Obama 's Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , has criticised settlements in the past .
Yesterday , Mitchell gave a sober assessment of the obstacles to peace .
After two days of talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders on shoring up a shaky ceasefire that ended Israel 's 22 - day offensive against Gaza , Mitchell said securing the truce and " immediately " addressing the needs of Gaza 's 1.5 million population were the US administration 's top priorities .
" Then we must move forward , " he added , citing Obama 's commitment to " aggressively " seek a peace deal .
US - backed talks between Israel and the Palestinians stalled last year in discord over Jewish settlement expansion and the future of Jerusalem .
Diplomats said reviving them after the war in Gaza would be difficult and take time .
" The tragic violence in Gaza and in southern Israel offers a sobering reminder of the very serious and difficult challenges and , unfortunately , the setbacks that will come , " Mitchell told reporters after touring a UN warehouse in East Jerusalem .
Meanwhile , Tony Blair , envoy for the Quartet , which represents the US , EU , UN and Russia , said Hamas must be brought into the peace process as isolating Gaza would not work .
In an interview in the Times he criticised the Bush administration and Israel for focusing efforts on the West Bank .
" It was half of what we needed , " he said .
In Gaza , hundreds of Hamas supporters joined a " victory " rally yesterday as a leading Hamas lawmaker appeared in public for the first time since the war 's start .
" We thank God when we see our houses bombed and our institutions destroyed , but our people say yes to the resistance and yes to martyrdom for the sake of God , " Khalil al - Hayeh said , standing in front of the damaged Palestinian parliament building .
" We say proudly that Gaza has won the war , the resistance has won the war , and Hamas has won the war . "
Being a collection of random observations , interesting and / or amusing links , and occasional original thoughts .
I just saw that McCain issued some erratic statement today calling on Obama to apologize because Rep. John Lewis said that McCain and Palin “ are playing a very dangerous game ” with their hate - inspiring rhetoric .
Just two months ago , McCain told us that same John Lewis was one of the wisest people he knew .
Obama refused to apologize for what Lewis said .
Why should he considering how many Republicans are basically saying the same thing including David Gergen and McCain ’s former strategy guru , John Weaver ?
Add in Republican Congressman Ray Lahood .
Also , interesting that McCain attacks Lewis but he has yet to repudiate his followers ’ repeated calls for Obama to be assassinated – calls they made in front of McCain ’s and Palin ’s faces , while McCain and Palin did nothing in response .
Calling on Obama to repudiate John Lewis while letting all the hate rhetoric go unchallenged , that ’s just priceless .
But hey , McCain ’s team has already said that if McCain talks about the economic crisis , he will lose the election .
McCain is going to do anything and everything to change the subject away from the economy .
How erratic .
How sad .
By Nikki Schwab , Washington Whispers
Remember that big $ 700 billion bailout package that Congress passed ?
There were all sorts goodies tucked inside , including one for bicyclists .
Yes , bicyclists .
It 's called the Bicycle Commuter Act and goes into effect January 1 .
While employers can already dole out tax - free funds to employees for parking and public transportation , this Act permits companies to provide $ 20 a month tax free to employees who bike to work , allowing the money to be used for bicycle purchases and bike upkeep .
Spearheading the campaign for a bike commuter bill was Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer of Oregon .
" We have legislation that is designed to promote cycling and to provide a little equity for the people who burn calories instead of fossil fuel , " he says .
An avid cyclist and the founder of the Congressional Bike Caucus , Blumenauer tells
Whispers that of the 12 years he 's been in Congress , he 's commuted by bike all but just three days , including in bad weather .
" I can get from Capitol Hill to the White House as fast or faster than my colleagues who drive , " Blumenauer tells us .
And he 's not kidding about taking trips to the White House .
For the first meeting he ever went to at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , he showed up on his bike .
" It was kind of funny , the White House police who man the gates did n't know what to do , " says Blumenauer .
" I kind of roll up and , finally , we just had the discussion , ' Well , what would you do if I drove a car ? '
' Well , we would open the gate and let you in , ' ' Well ?
Imagine two more wheels , " Blumenauer says , mimicking the conversation .
" I did kind of make fun of that a little bit . "
When Ben Bernanke gave his speech to the London School of Economics on Tuesday , our reporter was on the scene .
Terry Easton put a tough question to America ’s central banker : are n’t your interventions just making the situation worse , he wanted to know .
Amid the blah … blah … blah …of Bernanke ’s response was this :
“ The tendency of financial systems to boom and bust … is a very long - standing problem … but I think it ’s very important for us to try to put out the fire … then you think about the fire code . ”
In his 1988 book , The Collapse of Complex Societies , Joseph Tainter argued that all societies — like all organisms — are doomed .
Tainter studied ancient Rome as well as the Mayan civilization .
He noticed that problems always blaze up .
Each one — whether climatic , political or economic — rings the firehall bell .
And each solution — and readers may substitute the word “ bailout ” for solution — brings more challenges and takes more resources .
Finally , the available resources are worn out .
Tainter observes that when the costs become high enough , people seem to give up .
By the end of Roman era , for example , the burdens of empire were so heavy that people sold themselves into slavery to get free of them .
So many people did so at one point that the authorities had to come up with another solution ; they outlawed the practice .
Henceforth , Roman citizens were required by law to remain free !
Another philosopher , Giambattista Vico , writing in the 18th century , put the beginning of the decline of Rome roughly at the time of the Great Fire during Nero ’s reign .
Nero , partly to pay for his post - fire reforms and reconstruction , began taking the gold and silver out of the coins .
All civilizations go through three stages , Vico said — divine , heroic , and human .
The divine period is ruled by the gods .
The heroic period is adorned with victories and statues .
Then , comes the human era .
( Here , we permit ourselves to add a footnote to Vico ’s oeuvre : the coin of the realm in early periods is the gods ’ money — gold .
Later , people switch to money of their own invention — the kind of money you make from trees . )
This last stage , says Vico , is when popular democracy arises , along with rational thinking and what Vico delightfully calls the “ barbarie della reflessione ” [ the barbarism of reflection ] .
In earlier eras , people do what their gods and leaders ask of them .
In the final era , they ask , “ what ’s in it for me ? ”
Even as late as the early ’ 60s , John F. Kennedy could still appeal to heroic urge without drawing a laugh .
“ Ask not what your country can do for you , ” he said in his inaugural address , “ ask what you can do for your country . ”
But 11 years later , Richard Nixon , like Nero before him , began the process of debasing the country ’s money .
That was a solution too ; the United States had spent too much .
Nixon could worry about the fire code later .
First he opened up with the fire hose ; he defaulted on America ’s promise to exchange dollars for gold at the statutory rate .
Barack Obama tried a Kennedyesque appeal to civic high - mindedness last week .
We need to “ insist that the first question each of us asks is n’t ‘ what ’s good for me ’ but ‘ what ’s good for the country my children will inherit , ' ” said the president - elect .
But now , like Doric columns in a trailer park , the words are ornamental , not structural .
They are the homage that one age pays to a better one .
We are in the 21st century now .
Barbarous reflections rise up like swamp gas .
The whole place stinks of them .
Bernanke and Obama offer solutions .
But their plans to save the world from a correction are little more than a swindle .
They offer to bail out the mistakes of one generation with trillions of dollars ’ worth of debt laid onto the next .
“ Regarding the current financial meltdown , ” writes Rony Teitelbaum , “ it is very clear that two main factors underlie the political reactions to the crisis , the first being pressure originating from ties between the financial and the political elect , manifested by taxpayer bailouts of large institutions that continue to deliver bonuses to the executives and donate to political campaigns .
For those of us who are not blind , these are clear signs of political corruption which would have made the worst Roman emperor blush .
The second factor is political pressure originating from the mass public .
The kind of solutions offered so far , and I may add which were received with very warm enthusiasm , were tax rebates and gasoline tax holidays .
These are actions aimed at a public who “ impatiently expected quick and obvious results , ” to quote Cary ’s description of Roman society in AD300 .
( A History of Rome ) . ”
Circa 2009 , there is hardly a soul in the entire world who has not been corrupted by the barbarie della reflessione of the late imperial period .
Both patricians and plebes are for bailouts .
Both business and labor back stimulus programs .
The taxpayers and the politicians who rule them are of one mind .
Liberal , conservative , rich , poor , Republican , Democrat all speak with a single voice : " Screw the next generation ! ”
The golden age is over , in other words .
In the space of 40 years it passed from gold , to silver , to paper … and is now somewhere between plastic and navel lint .
Bill Bonner [ send him mail ] is the author , with Addison Wiggin , of Financial Reckoning Day : Surviving the Soft Depression of The 21st Century and Empire of Debt : The Rise Of An Epic Financial Crisis and the co-author with Lila Rajiva of Mobs , Messiahs and Markets ( Wiley , 2007 ) .
Bill Bonner Archives
The Best of Bill Bonner
All of my Flickr pictures are published under a Creative Commons attribution licence .
One of the reasons I switched over to using this licence was so that people did n’t have to write and ask me whenever they want to republish one of my photos .
But I still get plenty of emails from people asking me if it would be okay to use one of my pictures .
I ’m very lax at responding to those requests .
If and when I do respond , I point out that they do n’t really need to ask ; as long as they credit me — as either adactio or Jeremy Keith — then they can use my photos wherever and however they want .
Back in March , right before I was setting out for Mix’08 in Vegas and South By Southwest in Austin , I received a typical request :
Is the photo Andy in the VAB your image on flickr ?
If so can you please contact me with regard to possibly allowing us to use a part of this image in a feature film .
I did n’t respond .
I was too busy packing and gearing myself for a big showdown with Microsoft ( this was right before they reversed their decision on IE8 ’s default rendering ) .
I soon received a second email with more details :
The photograph would be cropped in a way where no people would be shown .
We are interested in using this image as a background to insert our main characters which would be included as part of a biography film on our main character which is shown at an award ceremony honoring him in the film .
I thought it was an odd picture to be asking about .
Let ’s face it ; it ’s not a very good photo .
It ’s blurry and washed out .
I guess it ’s somewhat unusual in that it was shot inside the Vehicle Assembly Building at Cape Canaveral .
Usually members of the public are n’t allowed inside .
Myself , and were lucky enough to be part of the first open day since 2001 .
It was all thanks to an invitation from Benny , a bona fide rocket scientist at NASA — thanks again , Benny !
I never got around to responding to the emails .
I figured that , whoever it was , if they really wanted to use the picture , they would notice the licence and realise that they did n’t have to ask permission .
I quickly forgot all about it .
Other events were foremost in my mind .
I got a call from Pete Le Page and Chris Wilson telling me that Internet Explorer 8 was going to render pages as if it were — get this — Internet Explorer 8 .
Now I was going to Vegas for a celebration instead of a battle .
After a long trip across the Atlantic , I awoke in my hotel on the first morning of the conference , eager to hear the opening keynote .
But before I could head downstairs , my mobile phone rang .
I answered it and the woman on the other end said , “ Hi . I sent you two emails about using a picture of yours … ”
“ Ah , right ! ” , I said .
I then launched into my usual spiel about Creative Commons licencing .
I explained that she was free to use my picture .
All she had to do was include a credit somewhere in her little movie .
“ Well ” , she said , “ the thing is , getting your name in the credits usually costs at least $ 1,500 .
That ’s why we need you sign the license release form I sent . ”
“ Wait a minute ” , I said .
“ What is this for ? ”
“ It ’s for a movie that ’s currently in production called Iron Man , starring Robert Downey Jnr . ”
Holy crap !
One of my photos was going to be in Iron Man ?
That certainly put a new spin on things .
“ So I guess you want to use the picture because it ’s inside NASA ’s Vehicle Assembly Building ? ” I asked .
“ No .
We just thought it was a picture of some warehouse or something . ”
The woman on the other end of the phone — her name was — said she could reimburse me for the use of my photo if I signed the form she sent .
I thanked her , told her I did n’t need any reimbursement , and said I would print out and sign the form for her .
Ashley made it clear that I would need to get the form faxed to her before the end of the day .
There was a printer in my hotel room so I set about getting it connected up to my Macbook .
That ’s when disaster struck .
My Macbook began making the dreaded ticking time bomb noise .
Within seconds , my hard drive was dead , broken , kaput .
Pining for the fjords , it had shuffled off this mortal coil and was an ex hard drive .
Well aware of the irony of my Apple hardware failing while I was attending a Microsoft conference , I abandoned all hope of printing out the license release form and sat in on the opening keynote .
This consisted of a few words from Ray Ozzie , a quick look at IE8 and about a billion hours of Silverlight demos .
That ’s what it felt like anyway .
The next day , I made my way to Austin for South by Southwest .
That turned out to be quite an adventure .
Once I finally made it to Austin , I settled into a comfortable routine of geeking out , having fun and generally over - indulging .
As I was making my way to the conference centre one morning , my mobile phone rang .
It was Ashley .
“ Sorry I did n’t manage to get the form to you ” , I said .
“ My laptop died on me .
I know it ’s too late now . ”
“ Actually , there ’s still time ” , she responded .
“ Look ” , I said .
“ Let ’s cut out the computers completely .
Can you fax the form to my hotel ?
I can sign it and fax it back to you straight away . ”
And that ’s exactly what we did .
Iron Man was released a few weeks later .
I never got ‘ round to seeing it in the cinema ; I ’m not a big fan of the whole cinema - going experience .
But some time later I was travelling across the Atlantic yet again and one of the in - flight movie options was Iron Man .
I fired it up , wondering if my picture had made it into the final cut and even if it had , whether I ’d be able to spot it .
Three minutes into the movie , there was my photo .
It fills the screen .
The camera lingers over it while performing its best Ken Burns effect .
Not only was Robert Downey Jnr. photoshopped onto the picture , Jeff Bridges was on there too !
The Dude !!
… On my picture !!!
My Flickr pictures have been used in some pretty strange places but this must surely be the strangest … and the coolest .
Home »» Press Releases
Security forces step up persecution of bloggers under the auspices of the state of emergency Four days after his kidnap , blogger Mohamed Adel has disappeared and it is feared that he is being tortured
Cairo 25th November
The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information condemned today the security forces arrest of blogger Mohamed Adel , who runs Meit blog ( http://43arb.info/meit).
Mohamed Adel has been kidnapped and held in an unknown place since 20th November .
Adel ’s house was surrounded by fourty soldiers , special police forces and three police vans who broke into his home , made a search of his house and confiscated books and CDs .
The twenty year old blogger was outside his house during the police campaign .
It seems that police had been keeping a track on his phone , and he was kidnapped while he was on his way to meet his friend who is a journalist .
Although the blogger 's father has filed two lawsuits against the attorney - general demanding his son's whereabouts be revealed immediately , the general prosecutor confirmed that his son was wanted for questioning unofficially .
The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information and his Adel ’s friends have been informed that the blogger is being held at the headquarters of state security known as " Lazogli " in Cairo , a place of ill reputation where torture has been practiced on the infamous fourth floor .
Gamal Eid , the executive director of the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information said in a statement : " An enormous security force , and special forces to take into custody a young blogger who owns nothing other than a keyboard and a blog !!!
This is the law of the state of emergency which has ruled the Egyptians for twenty seven years " .
It is worth mentioning that blogger Adel is the second blogger to be arrested officially according to state of emergency laws , the first was Musaad Abu Fagr , who runs a blog called ( http://wednane3ish.katib).
In addition to this other bloggers have been persecuted , as if the main concern of security forces is to chase bloggers , not those who kill innocents in sunk ships , whose owners have close ties with the government .
Further information on : http://anhri.net/press/2008/pr1023.shtml
NEW DELHI :
The gang of terrorists who wreaked mayhem in Mumbai for three days were made to believe by their Lashkar bosses that they were not being sent on a suicide mission and that they would be coming back alive .
In a sensational disclosure made by Ajmal , the jihadi nabbed alive by Mumbai cops , the group had planned to sail out on Thursday .
Their recruiters had even charted out the return route for them and stored it on the GPS device which they had used to navigate their way to the Mumbai shoreline .
This suggests that the terrorists were willing to undertake a mission which they knew would be very risky , but not necessarily suicidal .
Sources said that the bait of safe return must have been used by the recruiters to convince the wavering among the group to join the audacious plot against Mumbai .
Ajmal made another important disclosure : that all terrorists were trained in marine warfare along with the special course Daura - e - Shifa conducted by the Lashkar - e - Taiba in what at once transforms the nature of the planning from a routine terror strike and into a specialized raid by commandos .
Battle - hardened ATS officials are surprised by the details of the training the terrorists were put through before being despatched for the macabre mission .
This was very different from a terrorist attack , and amounted to an offensive from the seam , said a source .
Ajmal has revealed the name of his fellow jihadis all Pakistani citizens as Abu Ali , Fahad , Omar , Shoaib , Umer , Abu Akasha , Ismail , Abdul Rahman ( Bara ) and Abdul Rahman ( Chhota ) .
The account of Ajmal also strengthens the doubt of the complicity of powerful elements in the Pakistani establishment .
According to him , the group set off on November 21 from an isolated creek near Karachi without the deadly cargo of arms and ammunition they were to use against the innocents in Mumbai .
The group received arms and ammunition on board a large Pakistani vessel which picked them up the following day .
The vessel , whose ownership is now the subject of an international probe , had four Pakistanis apart from the crew .
A day later , they came across an Indian - owned trawler , Kuber , which was promptly commandeered on the seas .
Four of the fishermen who were on the trawler were killed , but its skipper , or tandel in fishermen lingo , Amarjit Singh , was forced to proceed towards India .
Amarjit was killed the next day , and Ismail the terrorist who was killed at Girgaum Chowpaty took the wheel .
A trained sailor , Ismail used the GPS to reach Mumbai coast on November 26 .
The group , however , slowed down its advance as they had reached during the day time while the landing was planned after dusk .
The group shifted to inflatable boats , before disembarking at Badhwar Park in Cuffe Parade .
From there , they mandated to kill indiscriminately , particularly white foreign tourists , and spare Muslims split up into five batches .
Two of them Ismail and Ajmal took a taxi to Victoria Terminus .
Three other batches of two each headed for Oberoi Hotel , Cafe Leopold and Nariman House .
The remaining four went to Taj Hotel .
He may have been motivated enough to kill innocents indiscriminately .
In police custody , Ajmal Amir Kasab , the terrorist who was caught alive by the Mumbai police at Girgaum Chowpatty , has been forthcoming with details about the attack on Mumbai and his accomplices , all suspected Lashkar operatives from Pakistan .
Kasab , who sustained minor injuries in the police firing that killed his partner Abu Ismail ( 25 ) on Wednesday night , was produced before the Esplanade Metropolitan Magistrate on Friday .
The magistrate remanded him to police custody till December 8 .
Incidentally , Kasab and Ismail were the two who gunned down ATS chief Hemant Karkare , additional CP Ashok Kamthe and encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar .
Kasab told the police that he and 9 others got off a vessel about 10 nautical miles from Mumbai and shifted to two boats hijacked from fishermen .
One source in ATS familiar with the details of the interrogation quoted him saying that in all 16 fidayeens came to Mumbai on Wednesday .
A native of Faridkot in Pakistan - occupied Kashmir ( PoK ) , 21 - year - old Kasab told police they had done a reccee of Mumbai few months ago .
He said he had come along with eight of the operatives to Mumbai as students and lived in a rented room at Colaba market , a stone 's throw away from Nariman House .
Transcript :
Danae :
If a tree falls in a forest and no one is there , does it make a sound ?
Kate : Yes .
Danae : Ah - ha !
Gotcha , smarty - pants !
How would you know if no one is there to hear it ?!
Kate : Physics ... sound waves exist regardless of anyone 's presence .
Danae : Science is a metaphysical party - pooper ...
Kate : I prefer to think of it as the designated driver .
A helicopter - mounted device could soon be replanting damaged forests ( Image : Mauri Rautkari / Rex )
FORESTS devastated by fire or illegal logging could soon be replanted from the air , if tests of a technology being developed in the UK prove successful .
C - Questor of Weybridge , Surrey , has developed a technique to drop and plant hundreds of tree seedlings from a helicopter , greatly increasing the speed with which forests can be replanted , and reducing costs .
Jeff Burley of C - Questor , and former head of the Oxford Forestry Institute at the University of Oxford , says 75 per cent of seeds scattered from the air are wasted – …
I have been recently asked by couple of developers how to properly design architecture of a Firefox extension .
The first thing that immediately came to my mind at that point was a problem with global variables defined by extensions in ChromeWindow scope .
This problem can easily cause collisions among various extensions .
Something that should be always avoided ( and is also part of AMO review process ) since this kind of issues is very hard to find .
Yes , global variables are still evil , especially in OOP world .
I do n’t want to describe how to develop a new extension from scratch .
For this there is already bunch of detailed articles .
I am rather concentrating on effective tactics how to make Firefox extension architecture maintainable and well designed .
So , read more if you are interested …
Namespace Architecture
Defining global variables is a way how to risk collisions with other extensions .
I think that creating just one global variable per extension that is unique enough ( composed e.g. from the name of the extension , domain URL , etc. ) is sufficient strategy how to avoid undesirable collisions .
The architecture for namespaces used in Firebug , is based ( more or less ) on well known module pattern ( originally described by Douglas Crockford ) .
It ’s really simple and transparent so , I had n’t understand how it actually works for a long time .
I believe other extension developers can utilize this approach as well .
The basic idea is to wrap content of every JS file into its own scope that is represented by a function so , there are no global objects .
See following snippet .
function ( ) {
// TODO : entire JS code in this file is here
}
This is what I am going to call a namespace .
The first question is how to ensure that the function is actually called and the code executed at the right time .
The second question is how to share objects among more files ( see Sharing among namespaces chapter below ) .
Firebug solves this by registering every namespace and executing all when Firefox chrome UI is ready .
See modified example .
myExtension . ns ( function ( ) {
// TODO : entire JS code in this file is here
} ) ;
The namespace ( regular function ) is passed as a parameter to myExtension .ns function .
The myExtension object is the only global object that is defined by the extension .
This is the singleton object that represents entire extension .
Do n’t worry if the name is long , there ’ll be a shortcut for it ( in real application it could be e.g. comSoftwareIsHardMyExtension ) .
The ns function is simple .
Every function is pushed into an array .
var namespaces = [ ] ;
this .
ns = function ( fn ) {
var ns = { } ;
namespaces .
push ( fn , ns ) ;
return ns ;
} ;
Actual execution of registered namespaces ( functions ) is only matter of calling apply on them .
this .
initialize = function ( ) {
for ( var i= 0 ; i<namespaces .
length ; i+= 2 ) {
var fn = namespaces [ i ] ;
var ns = namespaces [ i +1 ] ;
fn. apply ( ns ) ;
}
} ;
Now , let ’s put all together and see how the global extension ( singleton ) object is defined and initialized .
The following source code snippet represents a browserOverlay.js file that is included into an overlay ( browserOverlay.xul )
//
The only global object for this extension .
var myExtension = { } ; myExtension = ( function ( ) {
// Registration
var namespaces = [ ] ;
this.ns = function ( fn ) {
var ns = {} ;
namespaces.push ( fn , ns ) ;
return ns ;
} ;
// Initialization
this.initialize = function ( ) {
for ( var i=0 ; i< namespaces.length ; i+=2 ) {
var fn = namespaces [ i ] ;
var ns = namespaces [ i+1 ] ;
fn.apply (ns ) ;
}
} ;
// Clean up
this .shutdown = function ( ) {
window.removeEventListener(" load " , myExtension.initialize , false ) ;
window.removeEventListener(" unload " , myExtension . shutdown , false ) ;
} ;
// Register handlers to maintain extension life cycle .
window.addEventListener( " load " , myExtension.initialize , false ) ;
window.addEventListener(" unload " , myExtension . shutdown , false ) ;
} ).apply ( myExtension ) ;
As I mentioned above , there is just one global object myExtension .
To summarize , the object implements following methods :
ns - register a new namespace .
initialize - initialize all namespaces .
shutdown - clean up .
And also , the code makes sure that initialize and shutdown methods are called at the right time .
This is why event handlers are registered .
The browserOverlay.xul looks as follows now .
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
< overlay xmlns = " http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul " >
< script src = " chrome://namespace/content/browserOverlay.js " type = " application/x- javascript " />
< script src = " chrome://namespace/content/Module1.js " type = " application/x- javascript " />
< script src = " chrome://namespace/content/Module2.js " type = " application/x- javascript " />
</overlay >
And the Module1.js and Module2.js files are both the same .
myExtension . ns ( function ( ) {
// TODO : entire JS code in this file is here
} ) ;
Sharing among namespaces
Now , when we have our script within a local scope(s ) , let ’s answer the question how to share functionality and data among individual namespaces .
The general idea is to use the one global object we have - myExtension .
First of all , see the following source code ( lib.js file ) .
LIB = { myExtension . // Shared APIs
getCurrentURI : function ( ) {
return window.location.href ;
} , // Extension singleton shortcut
theApp : myExtension , // XPCOM shortcuts
Cc : Components .classes ,
Ci : Components.interfaces , // Etc .
} ;
You can see that a new LIB property is created within our global myExtension singleton .
This objects represents a library of functions that should be shared among all modules in our extension .
At this point , you can also get inspiration from Java Packaging and create whole tree of namespaces within the global singleton ( just like e.g. YUI does )
The lib.js file is included in browserOvelay.xul ( just after browserOverlay.js )
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
< overlay xmlns = " http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul " >
< script src = " chrome://myextension/content/browserOverlay.js " type = " application/x- javascript " />
< script src = " chrome://myextension/content/lib.js " type = " application/x- javascript " />
< script src = " chrome://myextension/content/Module1.js " type = " application/x- javascript " />
< script src = " chrome://myextension/content/Module2.js " type = " application/x- javascript " />
</overlay >
Let ’s also improve our module script a bit .
ns ( function ( ) { with ( myExtension . LIB ) {
// TODO : entire JS code in this file is here myExtension .
myExtension . var moduleVariable = " Accessible only from withing this module " ;
dump ( " myExtension .
Module initialization " + getCurrentURI ( ) + "
" ) ; }} ) ;
By utilizing with statement we can simply access all library functions as if they would be a global functions .
In case we want to access our singleton global object we can also utilize the App shortcut ( useful especially if the name is long ) as follows :
ns ( function ( ) { with ( myExtension . LIB ) {
// TODO : entire JS code in this file is here myExtension .
myExtension .
the App.sharedValue = " A new shared property " ; }} ) ;
Here is how the architecture look like from UML perspective .
Download example extension here .
Hugh Jackman Named People Magazine 's Sexiest Man Alive 2008
People magazine has announced their Sexiest Man Alive for 2008 , and the winner is Aussie
The 40 - year - old actor gained recognition when he appeared in the 2000 film " X - Men " as Wolverine .
He went on to star in the 2001 movie " Kate and Leopold , " which earned him a Golden Globe nomination .
Jackman then won a Tony Award for his Broadway portrayal of Australian songwriter and performer Peter Allen in The Boy from Oz in 2004 .
He hosted the Tony Awards in 2003 , 2004 and 2005 , to glowing reviews , and earned an Emmy award for Outstanding Individual Performer in a Variety , Musical or Comedy program in 2005 when the Tony Awards were televised .
He is currently hitting the media circuit for his new epic film " Australia " with co-star Nicole Kidman .
( View film trailer )
The new sexiest man alive met his wife , Australian actress Deborra - Lee Furness , on the set of his first TV acting job in " Correlli , " an Australian television series .
The couple has two adopted children , Oscar Maximillian , 8 , and Ava Eliot , 3 .
View more photos of Hugh Jackman , the reigning sexiest man alive , below .
See who else made the annual list at People.com
photos : Wenn
Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes Kissing in Berlin ( Photos )
has been traveling the globe while promoting his film .
His latest premiere activities have taken him to Europe , with a stop in Berlin , Germany .
We 've said it before but we 'll say it again - Tom Cruise is suddenly looking very much like a Hollywood leading man .
The lovely , who has just finished up a run on Broadway in All My Sons , took the opportunity to join Cruise on the road .
Tom said in a recent interview that it would be their first getaway in a while and their little princesshas remained at home which her parents enjoy some alone time .
Check out more photos below .
Check out their stunning UK red carpet photos here .
Photos : WENN
JREF Swift Blog
I Do n't Get the Joke : My Year - End Tirade
On Xmas Day , " pastor " Rick Warren , the currently - celebrated evangelist who is on every TV screen and front page as the hand - picked preacher to deliver the invocation of divine magic at the Obama inauguration ceremony , gave an effusive , rambling account on the NBC Today Show that demonstrated his incredible naivety about rational thinking and how disconnected his brand of religion - at least - is from reality .
He was gushing over a miracle that he said had " blessed " his family .
The facts : Warren said that his daughter - in - law Jaime gave birth to her first child six weeks prematurely , though he can't seem to remember whether it was five , six , or seven weeks , since he gave all three figures ...
The hospital , he said , performed a C - section to save the baby 's life - and the mother's .
In that procedure , Warren said , they discovered that it was a " breech baby , " that the umbilical cord was wrapped around the baby 's neck and it was not receiving oxygen .
If Jaime had tried to give birth in the normal way , at the normal time , and if she'd " pushed " during the delivery , it might have killed both her and the child .
What they did n't know at the time , but then discovered , was that the mother had what Warren described as a " three - inch " brain tumor - which may be hyperbolic , since I think that such a growth might be visually evident .
But consider : the baby was in a breech situation , a critical position arranged by God ; this was remedied by medical science during the Caesarian procedure , an invention by Man to thwart natural disasters brought about by a not - uncommon imperfection of the human body - which is also God 's design .
And the baby 's umbilical cord had shut off oxygen - rich blood , another design error , or maybe a purposeful Act of God .
The mother had a sizeable brain tumor , placed there by God , who we 're told creates all these things .
And the Divine solution to this problem , according to Rick Warren ?
God - who , remember , is the Creator of Heaven and Earth , Omnipotent and Omniscient , knows all , the One who can do anything He wishes - arranged the oxygen - deprived baby in a breech position , bringing about a crisis that medical science had to avert by performing an operation .
And He thereafter allowed medical science to detect the tumor , which is still in place , being poorly placed for access by surgery .
Who designed this scenario - Rube Goldberg ...?
I ask , is this God character a comedian , using humans as His marionettes for amusement ?
Does
He get
His kicks by manipulating us just for laughs ?
Was this near - disaster for the Warren family just a sort of Divine whim ?
How can Rick Warren see this as a demonstration of God 's mercy - a miracle , yet !
- rather than as a cruel , capricious , joke ?
A caring God would not have created and placed that brain tumor in the mother , would not have designed the process of gestation - and - birth so that oxygen starvation and breech delivery are possible , and would not be playing with the lives and security of humans , who He claims to have designed and created - out of dirt , yet .
Doing this , putting humans in danger of death , is a purposeful act that He Himself has already declared to be a sin .
Just who makes the rules in this stupid morality play ...?
Since I 'm dealing here with reality , let me return to the real world to close this subject of my tirade .
The actual questions we have before us , are these : Does Rick Warren , personally , actually believe that the fantasy he preaches is true ?
Did he deliver that nonsense on NBC with the conviction that it made sense ?
Does he believe that this God of his is a capricious , vengeful , jealous , cruel , bored deity , who delights in threatening humans , and expects total obeisance , fear , and trembling as insurance against further bullying - or death ?
Or is Warren well aware of reality and of the deception he supports , riding his way to financial and influential success on the backs of the naïve ?
Those are four heavy questions , of which I personally suspect the last one is answered by " yes . "
Far more politically - savvy persons than I have opined that President - elect Obama made a good move by asking Warren to fill that prominent position on January 20th .
Yes , I can see the truth in that ; the move will happify the California Christian Right , I 'm sure .
I only hope that there 'll be a minimum of this sort of appeasement from the Oval Office , and that the promised return to critical thinking and common sense , along with an end to science - bashing , will become significant characteristics of Washington politics .
The NBC Today show followed this dreary plug for righteousness with another , an interview with Franklin Graham , President of " Samaritan 's Purse " and the chosen successor to his father , the Rev. Billy Graham , and with Rabbi Irwin Kula - demonstrating how incomprehensive the network 's representation of " real " religion can be , since some 21 % of the world 's population embraces the religion of Islam , 33 % espouse Christianity , and only . 22 % Judaism .
The two savants delivered , through fixed and rather forced smiles , appeals for viewers to return to traditional superstitious beliefs while of course still enjoying the gifts and pagan associations that Xmas has taken on .
Giving presents , overeating , overspending , and believing in absurdities , were touted as being " okay , " perhaps primarily to keep the two gentlemen employed , but to me , their appearance on the show had all the atmosphere of a desperate stand against the creeping rationality that they saw threatening their respective Ivory Towers ...
There 's little doubt , I think , that our species is very slowly recovering from this centuries - long Dark Age , though another three generations or so will surely suffer through the remnants of the debris ...
Churches will become museums ...
And yes , I can anticipate the amusement that will be expressed by folks in 2070 C.E. if / and / when they read these words ...
But I note that there are real steps forward being made .
Most of us now treat Santa Claus and flying reindeer as myths , though devils and angels , along with eternal life and Heaven , are still held by millions around the world to be attractive and probably - true delusions ...
Hang in there ...
It ’s been an exciting night here in DC .
We had been hearing all the horns beeping and people yelling , but then seeing the spontaneous celebration in DC in front of the White House , we decided it was time to step away from the laptops and join in .
We hopped into the car and headed down to the White House – or at least tried to .
The spontaneous celebration was so large that the police had begun to block off the streets .
We got on foot and headed to the White House .
As we walked through the streets , people were screaming , horns were all blaring with a “ beep - beep - beep ” in “ yes we can ” tempo .
All the cars has people piled into them , flags and Obama signs flying , encouraging the street crowd and vice versa .
THe whole scene prompted Joe to say that he ’d never seen anything like it in DC .
When we got to the White House , the crowd out front was screaming , chanting , and all in all just having a great time .
Washington is n’t sleeping tonight , and I ’m sure neither is George Bush .
Here is a little color from the celebration :
The Washington Post has some more .
New types of killer robots and a science - inspired conception of post - apocalyptic Earth are helping McG turn Terminator Salvation into an eye - scorching sci- fi flick .
The director knows it will take considerable polish to restore the franchise ’s sheen in the wake of Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s much - maligned 2003 swan song , Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines .
And he cheerfully acknowledges that some observers initially questioned the wisdom of reviving the Terminator franchise with him at the helm .
" Nobody heard ‘ Terminator 4 ‘ and said , ‘ Oh that ’s a great idea — I know , let ’s get McG to do it ! " said McG when he rolled clips from his upcoming movie in Los Angeles earlier this month .
" This asshole who did Charlie ’s Angels , and what kind of cock calls himself McG ? ’ "
With one eye on the screen and the other on reactions from fans and journalists gathered at the Directors Guild of American screening room , the former music video director showed off the post - Judgment Day world he ’s crafting for Terminator Salvation .
The scenes showed new Terminator models and bleak vistas from a nuke - ravaged Earth destroyed by sentient computer network Skynet .
Work - in–progress action sequences looked impressive enough to suggest that McG and his collaborators might just restore the franchise to its former glory .
The following exclusive concept art and images reveal McG ‘s vision for Terminator Salvation as the director talks about putting the pieces together in time for the movie ’s May 22 release .
Getting the Robots Right : " The first film shows Schwarzenegger ’s T - 800 coming from 2029 back in time , " McG said .
" Salvation takes place in 2018 , so you see the R&D that went into the T - 800 .
It ’s like the polio vaccine :
You ’ve got to go through a lot of lab rats to get to vaccine .
In this film , humans are the lab rats .
Skynet is testing on us to figure out how to make a photorealistic , leaner , smaller , more capable machine — the T - 800 . "
Skynet ’s arsenal includes the " Hydrabot , " designed to seek and destroy humans trying to swim to safety .
A.I. Meets Skynet : " Artificial intelligence was so foreign during the glory days of ’70s and ’ 80s science fiction - – Blade Runner , Alien , Terminator , "
Mc G said .
" In this day and age , it ’s here !
You spell a word wrong on your BlackBerry , it spells it right for you .
You got a bad knee , they put a titanium one in there .
If you ’re depressed , we ’re not going to talk about your mom and dad , we ’re going to manipulate your serotonin re-uptake inhibitor and you ’re going to feel better in two weeks .
I ’ve always loved stories about ‘ That which makes us great will be our undoing . ’ "
Technology ramps up in Terminator Salvation with remote - controlled motorcycles dispatched by Skynet to destroy the humans .
Post - Apocalyptic Cinematography : " We talked to the people who monitored Chernobyl about what the world would sound and look and taste and feel like after the bombs have gone off , " said McG .
" Then we got a dead Kodak stock .
We baked it in the sun a little bit too long to damage the film , and then we shot on uncorrected Panavision lenses that flare more easily and are n’t quite as sharp as Primo lenses but have an interesting patina .
Most importantly we added three times as much silver in the processing than one traditionally would to a color stock .
Add it all up and you get this otherworldly , desolate feeling . "
McG consulted with Caltech scientists to gather information on what a post - Judgment Day planet might look like .
Visual Effects : " It ’s critical to push the visual effects forward in this film , " said McG .
" In Terminator 2 , when Robert Patrick ’s head came apart , that ’s pushing it forward .
So we hired Charlie Gibson who ’s won two Academy Awards and did Gore Verbinski ’s last four or five movies .
He ’s up there at [ Industrial Light & Magic ] cooking up a few things that I can say in fairness will go beyond viewers ’ expectation . "
Calming James Cameron ’s Skepticism : " I did n’t want to feel like the guy who gave birth to the Terminator is against what we ’re doing , so I go to see James Cameron to kiss the ring and tell him what I was trying to do , " McG said .
" He ’s cordial but says , ‘ I ’m not going to endorse your movie .
I reserve the right to hate it .
But I wish you well , and if you ’re going to make a Terminator I ’d prefer you make a good one to a bad one . ’ "
The devastation wreaked by Skynet in 2028 includes Hollywood ’s landmark Capital Records building , which lay in ruins .
The Quest for Credibility : " To get some credibility back into the Terminator mythology , we had to show the fans we really mean business by getting a great John Connor , " McG said .
" To me the choice was very simple : Christian Bale . "
Bale Just Says No : " I met Bale at a pub in England while he was shooting Dark Knight , " McG said .
" He said , " I ’m not interested in action , I ’m not interested in pyrotechnics , I ’m interested in story .
If you can get the script to a place where actors on stage could just read it , naked , and it would be compelling for two hours because the characters change and evolve , then we ’d have something to talk about . "
We had a respectful conversation , I gave him Cormac McCarthy ’s The Road , Philip K. Dick ’s Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
to read but his answer was : " Until it ’s on the page , I ’m not doing it . "
The Jonathan Nolan Rewrite : " I went to Jonah Nolan , who co-wrote The Dark Knight , " said McG , " and A ) has a good dynamic with Christian , and B ) he ’s a very intelligent guy who puts story and character at the forefront .
So after Jonah worked on the script , we got Christian on board . "
Sam Worthington , left right , plays the mysterious man who may — or may not — help Christian Bale ’s John Connor destroy Skynet .
Co-star Sam Worthington : " Alan Horn , the guy who runs Warner Bros. , likes to kid , ‘ If you want a tough guy , you ’ve got to hire somebody from Australia , ’ " McG said .
" Sam ’s a pretty powerful screen presence .
He can hold his own with Bale in a two - shot . "
Connor ’s Story : " John Connor does n’t come into the picture saying , ‘ Follow me and everything ’s going to be cool , ’ " said McG .
" He ’s just one of many soldiers when we meet him .
It ’s like [ Spider - Man ] where you ’re Peter Parker : ‘ Hey I ’m just a lowly high school photographer , ’ and he learns with great power comes great responsibility .
Or the hacker [ in The Matrix ] : ‘ They call me Neo , who cares ? ’ ‘ quot ; No man , you ’re the one , you ’re going to lead us ! ’
Of course Luke Skywalker , on and on , all those Joseph Campbell archetypes .
So this is the story of how John Connor becomes leader of the resistance .
He has to earn it . "
Machine Music : " I wanted the sound of the resistance to be very delicate , reminiscent of Gustavo Santaolalla ’s analog guitar , so I thought of putting Gustavo together with Thom Yorke of Radiohead for the machine sound , " said McG .
" But their schedules were too tough , so then Danny Elfman articulated his sonic vision for the picture .
He ’s a huge Terminator fan .
I wish I could show you his house .
Elfman lives in a haunted house that has strange prosthetic limbs from the turn of the century hanging on the wall . "
Flesh - and - Blood Robots : " A lot of people make CG movies where actors are emoting to poles with tennis balls on top of them , " said McG .
" That ’s the last thing I wanted to do .
I do n’t like dealing with cartoons , so to speak .
I wanted real robots for the actors to interface with so you could get that grittiness and realism .
There ’s an archetype shape to the T - 800 .
We needed body types to suggest the robot that would combat John Connor , and Roland Kickinger is a good body type .
His shoulders are huge , his waist is narrow .
The [ Industrial Light & Magic ] guys used their calipers to measure shoulder spatial differences and said he ’d make a good body double .
Roland as an individual is not in the movie . "
Stop Them Before They Multiply : " Imagine it ’s 1944 and we sneak into Hitler ’s Germany and find all these V - 2 rockets with nuclear tips they ’re not supposed to have , " said McG .
" We ’d go back to the powers that be and explain , ‘ This is a huge problem ; it ’s going to change everything . ’
That ’s what happens with Connor – - he ’s got to raise the curtain and defeat Skynet because the launch of the T - 800 means curtains for everyone . "
The Third Act : " Is Skynet smart enough to use the best parts of ourselves against ourselves ?
Can we trust the machine ? "
Mc G asked .
" Therein lies the rub and that ’s what act three is all about .
The ending of this film is elliptical .
It ’s going to make a lot of people mad and you ’ll see lot of people scratching their heads .
It ’s not disposable , where you forget about it before you even get to the parking lot .
It ’s going to make you think . "
Images courtesy Warner Bros. Pictures
See also :
We are citizens who see poster design as an important tool to advocate for a better America : gun control , racial justice , love , and on and on .
INFO
The Clojure Beta book is now available .
Here 's the Table of Contents .
( Chapters with an asterisk are included in this beta . )
Preface *
Getting Started *
Exploring Clojure *
Working with Java *
Unifying Data with Sequences *
Functional Programming
Concurrency *
Macros
Multimethods
Third - Party Libraries
Case Study
Because this is a Beta book , and Clojure is continuing to evolve , there will be errata .
Please let me know any problems you find , and I will address them in the next Beta .
Other Clojure resources
Bigelow Aerospace has run into many issues dealing with export control for the launch of its first two test modules , and one company official is hoping for at least some degree of reform in the next administration .
( credit : J. Foust )
The uphill battle for export control reform
One of the most persistent calls for change in space policy in the US in recent years has revolved around export control .
Current law puts virtually most space hardware under the jurisdiction of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ) , an acronym that has become figuratively and literally a four - letter word in the industry given the costs , delays , and general uncertainty involved in dealing with those regulations .
There ’s no shortage of horror stories among companies who have run into ITAR when dealing with seemingly innocuous components , and a growing stack of studies that conclude that ITAR has put US companies at a disadvantage in the global market and spurred other countries to develop their own versions of protected components .
Given those arguments , and the general tide of change that swept into Washington with last month ’s elections , now would seem to be a good time to pursue export control reform .
Indeed , in the space policy his campaign issued in August , President - Elect Barack Obama called for ITAR reform .
“ While protecting our national security interests , Barack Obama will direct a review of the ITAR to reevaluate restrictions imposed on American companies , with a special focus on space hardware that is currently restricted from commercial export , ” the document states ( see “ The transition from politics to policy ” , The Space Review , November 10 , 2008 ) .
“ In the political environment we operate in , China is the third rail , ” Moore said .
“ It ’s very difficult to tell somebody after the ASAT test that we have be sitting back and being looser about these things . ”
That , however , may be easier said than done .
During a panel session on ITAR at a space law and policy conference in Washington November 14 organized by the Space and Telecom Law Program of the University of Nebraska ’s College of Law , some panelists from industry and government were skeptical that the new administration could work with Congress to pass major legislative reforms desired by the space industry , in large part because of politics .
“ Democrats in the new Congress will be reticent to take this issue back up again because Republicans will probably be looking to score some easy points early , ” warned Tom Moore , a senior Republican staffer on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
He cited how concerns about technology proliferation to China a decade ago , which led to the changes in the export control regime , “ was used to beat the Clinton Administration up . ”
Those concerns about China are still present today , Moore added .
“ In the political environment we operate in , China is the third rail , ” he said .
“ It ’s very difficult to tell somebody after the ASAT test that we have be sitting back and being looser about these things . ”
One of the major arguments used in support of ITAR reform is that it has enabled other countries to develop similar components that they would have ordinarily purchased from US suppliers .
A key example is the rise of so - called “ ITAR - free ” satellites , so named because they contain no US - built components and thus can be exported to places like China that would not be possible under the ITAR .
One major European satellite manufacturer , Thales Alenia Space , has specialized in ITAR - free satellites , primarily for customers either in China or seeking lower - cost Chinese launches .
However , another major European manufacturer is n’t sold on the benefits of ITAR - free satellites .
“ We wrestle with it all the time because the question comes up , ‘ Why do n’t we make a satellite that ’s ITAR - free ? ’ ” said Dennis Burnett , vice president of trade and export controls for EADS North America , whose corporate parent ’s divisions include satellite manufacturer EADS Astrium .
EADS , he explained , is in the business of making “ sophisticated ” satellites — more advanced , he claimed , than the ITAR - free models sold by Thales — and thus require US - built components even though that means dealing with export control regulations .
“ You cannot build a big sophisticated satellite without US parts and components , you just cannot do it , ” he said .
Those components might comprise no more than five percent of the satellite , “ but still , it ’s a very important five percent . ”
He added that a decision to use a US - built component is a business decision , where the cost of compliance with ITAR is one of several factors that also include the cost of non-US alternatives and the value of the dollar versus the euro .
Alternatives to full - scale reform
If full - scale ITAR reform proves to be infeasible , politically or otherwise , what alternatives might exist for changes that could at least lessen some of the burden of dealing with ITAR that falls on the shoulders of US companies ?
One step would be to closely examine exactly what items that are currently deemed to fall under the jurisdiction of the ITAR need not be there .
Mike Gold of Bigelow Aerospace , an outspoken advocate for ITAR reform , recounted at the Washington conference one of the more infamous examples his company has encountered : a shipping platform for their Genesis spacecraft that was effectively an upside - down table , yet considered space hardware by the State Department and thus subject to the full spectrum of ITAR compliance , including guards for the platform when it was Russia .
( That monitoring requirement , Gold noted , was eventually waived by the State Department . )
“ If you want to go forward as an area for reform , ” said Moore , examining what should be on the US Munitions List ( USML ) , and thus is governed by the ITAR , “ would be a path forward for doing it in my opinion , because I think it rests on a firmer understanding about politics and practicalities of this technology , and where we need to be as a country in terms of protecting it , investing in it , and regulating it . ”
“ You cannot build a big sophisticated satellite without US parts and components , you just cannot do it , ” EADS North America ’s Burnett said .
That examination , he added , could move relatively benign technology , like hoses used in spacecraft , off the USML into the jurisdiction of the Commerce Department , but could also involve moving sensitive technology presently on the Commerce Control List ( CCL ) onto the USML .
“ I do n’t care about hoses , but I ’m not willing to let that go until I get things off the CCL like focal plane arrays and other things that are sensitive . ”
He cited a 2002 interagency process that involved the Departments of State , Commerce , and Defense that tried to clarify what “ space - qualified ” components would be on the USML and which would be on the CCL .
“ I do n’t understand what was the dividing line in the interagency in 2002 was so that hoses stayed on the USML and focal plane arrays went to the CCL . ”
Accomplishing this , Moore said , would require a “ statutory adjustment ” , that is , an act of Congress .
“ Congress would have to act , to go in and basically go back to Thurmond , ” a reference to the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 , which put satellites and related components on the USML .
Another more feasible path towards reform would be improvements in the overall implementation of the export control process , an area where there has been some recent progress , but still today provides companies with unpleasant surprises .
Gold said he recently received a $ 60,000 “ reconciliation bill ” from the Defense Technology Security Administration for government monitoring of Bigelow Aerospace activities in Russia from back in 2006 , on top of the $ 160,000 the company already paid .
“ It ’s preposterous ! ” he said .
One reform that both Moore and Gold endorsed is the “ cohabitation ” of the licensing functions of Commerce and State , improving communications between the agencies on issues of licensing jurisdiction and related activities .
That concept has been proposed in the past but has met with stiff opposition from those two departments .
“ You ’d probably call that a baby step , or not enough of a step , ” Moore said , “ but it ’s a step that everybody can agree on — except the people who actually have to do the regulations . ”
“ To the extent that we are reformers , ” Gold said , “ we need to be realistic about what can and should happen . ”
Gold said he was hopeful that the new administration , and a reconstituted National Aeronautics and Space Council , could press for ITAR reforms of some kind .
“ If we got leadership at the executive level from a properly - empowered National Space Council , bring together DoD , DoC , the Hill , et cetera , then we might see something happen .
Maybe . ”
Moore said that those who hope for radical reforms , such as moving export control regulations back to where they were in the mid-1990s , are asking for too much .
“ That kind of overreach is what kills a lot of these ideas right off the bat . ”
“ We are not saying the ITAR should be eliminated , everything should be moved over to Commerce , just the opposite , ” Gold said .
“ We are firm believers that we can work within the system , that the system can and should function …
To the extent that we are reformers , we need to be realistic about what can and should happen . ”
Home
This paper has two sources :
One is my own research in three broad areas : business cycles , economic measurement and social choice .
In all of these fields I attempted to apply the basic precepts of the scientific method as it is understood in the natural sciences .
I found that my effort at using natural science methods in economics was met with little understanding and often considerable hostility .
I found economics to be driven less by common sense and empirical evidence , than by various ideologies that exhibited either a political or a methodological bias , or both .
This brings me to the second source : Several books have appeared recently that describe in historical terms the ideological forces that have shaped either the direct areas in which I worked , or a broader background .
These books taught me that the ideological forces in the social sciences are even stronger than I imagined on the basis of my own experiences .
The scientific method is the antipode to ideology .
I feel that the scientific work that I have done on specific , long standing and fundamental problems in economics and political science have given me additional insights into the destructive role of ideology beyond the history of thought orientation of the works I will be discussing .
Kate Winslet has blossomed into a super hot , foxy vixen .
Her beauty really evolved after her infamous role as Rose in Titanic .
Born on October 5 , 1975 in Reading , England , Kate most recently won two Golden Globes for her roles in The Reader and Revolutionary Road .
Here are some great shots of Kate from In Style , Elle , and SNL .
Elle – February , 2009
SNL shoot by Mary Ellen Mathews – October , 2008
courtesy of etoday
December 21 , 2008 --
This is an appeal in defence of Nicaraguan sovereignty , in opposition to an imperialist destablisation campaign to undermine , and possibly topple , the Sandinista government .
The pretext , phoney as usual , is the claim that the municipal elections in November were rigged .
But the real aim of this phoney campaign is to blackmail and intimidate the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) government to back down -- and override the will of the majority as expressed in the election and as recognised by the Supreme Electoral Council that includes both FSLN and opposition party supporters .
The heavy armament of the campaign is the blocking and withdrawal of important international aid , especially on the part of the USA and some European countries .
The letter below will be presented at the official celebration of the anniversary of the inauguration of the current president on Janaury 10 , 2009 .
To give your support to this letter , send an email to carta@tortillaconsal.com
In defence of Nicaragua
Most of Latin America is in the process of irreversible change .
Its peoples have elected governments that have taken the path of independence , dignity and sovereignty to shake off foreign tutelage that has submerged the region for centuries in misery and repression by force of arms .
In November 2006 , the Nicaraguan people elected the Sandinista Front for National Liberation ( FSLN ) to direct its destiny and from January 2007 the new government has taken up again the process of self - determination begun on July 19th 1979 which had been abandoned for 17 years by three neoliberal , capitalist , anti-democratic , anti-nationalist governments .
Nicaragua has recovered its national dignity with a government independent of the imperial powers , one which again places the most impoverished at the centre of its development policies .
As part of this process , Nicaragua has joined the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas ( ALBA ) and with the generous support of many peoples and governments , especially Cuba and Venezuela , the Sandinista government has set up various programs by means of which the Nicaraguan people have recovered a great deal of their social and economic rights , broadening the possibilities for socialist , democratic national progress .
But just as happened during the 1980s , when the United States launched its war of aggression against the Nicaraguan people and the Sandinista Popular Revolution , today Nicaragua has to face a ruthless campaign of lies and blackmail promoted from Washington and various European capitals , using the methods of information counter - insurgency , within a low intensity war , with the objective of blocking Nicaragua 's independent development under the leadership of the government of President Daniel Ortega .
This campaign has surged in recent months with the objective of discrediting the unquestionable and categorical electoral victory of the FSLN in the municipal elections of November 9 last , when Nicaraguans validated with their votes their support for the country 's new direction .
This campaign has reached the extreme of suspending development aid to the Nicaraguan people .
It is unacceptable that the governments of developed countries should use as a political weapon for imperialist domination the money their own peoples assign to the most impoverished countries .
For all of these reasons , we free women and men who believe Another World is Possible , declare :
1 . Our unconditional support for the right of the Nicaraguan people to self - determination and national sovereignty , without foreign interference of any kind .
2 . Our support for the independent , sovereign , popular course taken by the FSLN government , led by President Daniel Ortega .
3 . Our delight at the Sandinista victory in 105 out of 146 municipal authorities in this year 's municipal elections .
We reject and condemn :
1. Foreign interference in Nicaragua 's internal affairs .
2 . The policy of blackmail used by the governments of the United States and the European Union .
3 . The campaign of lies promoted by the international ( dis ) information corporations and multinationals .
We encourage :
1 . All the world 's peoples , especially in North America and Europe , to renew their links of friendship with Nicaragua , pressuring their respective governments to increase the sums destined to eradicate poverty in Nicaragua and to oblige them to desist from interfering in the internal affairs of the Nicaraguan people .
2. Social communicators , especially in alternative communications media , to break the silence on the situation in Nicaragua and to actively inform in a truthful , independent way on what is really happening in Nicaragua and the Central American region .
3 . The progressive and independent governments of Latin America and the world to show their unrestricted solidarity with the Nicaraguan people and its legitimate , democratically elected government .
December 2008
Blanca Segovia Sandino ,
Marbely Castillo C. ,
Walter Castillo Sandino ,
William Grigsby Vado ,
Toni Solo ,
Karla Jacobs ,
Dick Emanuelsson , Tegucigalpa , reporter in Latin America ,
Lidia Camacho , Uruguay , resident in Sweden ,
Manuel Talens , Spain , writer ,
Oscar Ernesto Castillo
Felipe Stuart C .
If this had been hardware , I would recognize a sacrifice on the part of apple .
Certainly this software is very valuable , but it's also worth noting as odd that this particular kid , although he 's " into " Macs and video editing , does n't know anyone who can pirate a copy of Final Cut Pro 5 ( or is possibly ethically disinclined to do so ) .
I make no moral claim here , if you feel piracy is wrong that 's fine , but most every video editing kid in high school worth his salt should be able to get a copy of final cut for free ninety - nine .
What I 'm saying is , it almost just seems like apple is recognizing the fact that this kid wants to actually * PAY * for software ( a somewhat rare thing among highschool A/V nerds in my personal observation ) that it 's saying , " Go ahead , have a copy ! " as childish but cool and A - Okay reward .
Anyone who reads this blog more than just coming in from a Search Engine or happening to follow a link in from another Blog ; knows that on this Blog , I fight for the little guy .
I fight for the middle class person that goes to work every day , punches a time clock , and simply goes to work to make a decent and meager living .
I do this because it is my background , it is my World , and it is who I am as a person .
I read today that the company called Tribune Co. has filed for bankruptcy .
This company owns the Los Angeles Times , Radio Station KTLA , The Chicago Tribune , The Chicago Cubs , and a few other businesses .
I can only the imagine the stress that this has placed on all the employees of these companies , not just the writers , but all of the people involved in getting the news to the people of the respective areas .
What troubles me , is the reaction that I am seeing in the Blogosphere .
Sorry people , there is nothing funny about not knowing if you will have a paycheck in the coming months or not .
I really must say that I am highly disappointed to see my fellow Conservatives , as well as some decent and respectable Liberal Blogs making light of this fact .
The reason why this bothers me is this .
First off , I consider these people that work for these papers as fellow writers .
Second of all , is this here ; you know , it is one thing to be a Blogger , to sit in your basement and get free hosting from a friend and sit here , day after day , firing off opinions of the politics of the day .
However , when it is your livelihood , when you are feeding your family , when it is your career , when it is everything you have worked your entire life for , your existence ; it is a completely different matter .
This is why I cannot help , but sit here and wonder aloud of how in the name of the Living God in Heaven that some right wing Republican Blogger or even a Democratic Liberal Blogger , even if it is a humor site ; would have the abject chutzpah to mock another group of writers in a time of grim news .
I would suppose that is what separates me from the Republicans and Democrats , or perhaps those Political junkies , who look at every piece of news , which happens to come around the vast expanse that we call the internet , through a distorted prism of politics .
In case , no one in the political world has figured this out yet .
This has zero to do with politics , unless perhaps you are some moronic fascist , who thinks that all of the employees of this company deserve to be punished for a newspapers particular political editorial stance ;
In which case you probably should not even be using a computer , much less writing a blog .
In case any of you forgotten , there are people that work for these companies that could frankly give two rips about politics or anything related to it .
In this time of economic turmoil , there is just no place for this sort of heartless idiocy .
I just wish my fellow bloggers felt the same way .
A common theme on Eco Child ’s Play is toy safety .
We like to tell you about safe , natural toys , as well as the latest news in toy product safety .
That ’s why we find the latest efforts to keep our children safe by the Consumer Products Safety Commission ( CPSC ) alarming , as it will actually prevent safe , natural toys from small companies from reaching the US market .
[ social_buttons ]
Due to under staffing at the CPSC and the flurry of toy recalls that have occurred , the agency passed the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act ( CPSIA ) in August , 2008 .
At first glance , this seems like good legislation , as it bans lead and phthalates in toys , mandates third - party testing and certification for all toys and requires toy makers to permanently label each toy with a date and batch number .
Such requirements will be easy to fund for large toy companies ; however , small independent natural toy companies will not be able survive these extra requirements .
According to the Handmade Toy Alliance :
For small American , Canadian , and European toymakers , however , the costs of mandatroy [ sic ] testing will likely drive them out of business .
A toymaker , for example , who makes wooden cars in his garage in Maine to supplement his income cannot afford the $ 4,000 fee per toy that testing labs are charging to assure compliance with the CPSIA .
A work at home mom in Minnesota who makes dolls to sell at craft fairs must choose either to violate the law or cease operations .
A small toy retailer in Vermont who imports wooden toys from Europe , which has long had stringent toy safety standards , must now pay for testing on every toy they import .
And even the handful of larger toy makers who still employ workers in the United States face increased costs to comply with the CPSIA , even though American - made toys had nothing to do with the toy safety problems of 2007 .
The CPSIA simply forgot to exclude the class of toys that have earned and kept the public ’s trust :
Toys made in the US , Canada , and Europe .
The result , unless the law is modified , is that handmade toys will no longer be legal in the US .
According to Z Recommends , Selecta , one of my favorite German wooden toymakers , has already announced they will no longer sell toys in the US .
Selecta manufactures toys that comply with strict EU regulations for phthalates and other potentially harmful chemicals , but cites the cost of new testing as the reason it can no longer supply the U.S. market .
The company claims that prices would be forced upwards “ by at least 50 percent , which would price these products out of the market . ”
… The company wrote that the decision “ is based solely on costs ; there have not been any issues with successfully completing the testing and certification process . ”
We need to protect our children from toxic toys , but this legislation will actually do the opposite .
Small , handmade , natural toys will no longer be legally sold in the US , as small companies cannot afford the additional requirements .
The US market will be slimmed down to large toy companies who manufacture in Chinese factories , thus making our children less safe .
The trusted toy companies parents have sought out because of the toy recalls will no longer be available .
This may just be the last holiday season you can shop for natural , handmade toys from small companies .
If you want to help , you should write to your United States representative and senator to request changes in the CPSIA to save handmade toys .
The Handmade Toy Alliance has provided a sample letter , and here are links to find your congressional representative and senator .
Image : Handmade Toy Alliance
Its call sign has always been Air Force One .
But on Tuesday , it was Special Air Mission 28000 , as former President George W. Bush and his wife Laura returned home to Texas on a plane full of family , friends , former staff and memories of eight years in the White House .
The former president and his wife thanked each passenger , showing the thoughtfulness and grace so characteristic of this wonderful American family .
A ...
There are concerns that China has been accessing sensitive US databases China has stepped up computer espionage against the US government and American businesses , according to an influential Washington congressional panel .
In its annual report to Congress , the panel warned that China was gaining increasing access to sensitive information from US computer networks .
It said China was aggressively pursuing cyber - warfare capabilities to gain an advantage over the US in any conflict .
There has been no comment so far from the Chinese on the report .
The US - China Economic and Security Review Commission was set up by Congress in 2000 to advise , investigate and report on US - China issues .
China is stealing vast amounts of sensitive information from US computer networks
Larry Wortzel
Commission chairman
It alleges that the Chinese are looking for diplomatic and military secrets in government databases , and potentially lucrative industrial secrets held by American corporations .
The report said the US government and economy were critically vulnerable to cyber - space attack since both depended heavily on computers and the internet .
The panel of six Democrats and six Republicans said China would continue to target the US using cyberspace as it was cheaper and less risky than traditional espionage activities .
Another advantage , they say , is that determining who infiltrated computer networks is often difficult to establish .
" China is stealing vast amounts of sensitive information from US computer networks , " said Larry Wortzel , chairman of the commission .
His panel recommended that lawmakers should provide funds for US government agencies - including those run by the military and homeland security - that would monitor and protect sensitive information held on computer networks .
Steady relations
The panel also warned the expansion of Beijing 's space programme was making the US more vulnerable .
Chinese satellite technology now lets its military locate US navy ships more quickly and accurately than ever before .
The Chinese authorities have not so far commented on the commission 's findings .
But officials in Beijing have responded to past reports by saying China does not try to undermine other countries ' interests and seeks healthy ties with the US .
The BBC's Richard Lister in Washington says relations between the US and China have remained fairly steady in recent years , but this report suggests the impact of Beijing 's growing power and influence should now be re-assessed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cask beer engine , The Prince Alfred , London
The summer after finishing high school a friend and I set out on an interrail trip through Europe .
In England , one of the things we wanted to experience was a proper English beer .
So we ordered a Guinness .
This was a mistake on many different levels , but I 'll limit myself to three here .
First , Guinness is of course Irish , and not English .
Secondly , we could have had it just about anywhere in Norway .
But perhaps the worst mistake was that what 's most unique about British beer culture is the cask method of serving beer draft .
Guinness , however , even in England , is served from keg , like draft beers in the rest of the world .
People will tell you that the English like their beer flat ( meaning with no CO 2 ) and at room temperature , and this is not an unreasonable description of beer served from cask .
When beer is served from keg , pressurized CO 2 is used to push the beer out of the keg and into your glass .
This gives the beer the fizzy sparkle that we 're all familiar with .
Unfortunately , the fizz in your mouth also serves to obscure the taste of the beer .
A cask , on the other hand , is not pressurized , and is open to the air around the cask .
This means that much of the CO 2 escapes , and the result is beer that feels much smoother and milder in the mouth , and where the flavour and aroma are more prominent .
The cask is often kept in a cellar below the bar , which means that the beer will typically be served at cellar temperature .
Tasting the same beer from cask and from bottle can be a quite startling experience , because the difference can be so big that it appears not to be the same beer at all .
( Be aware , though , that in the UK the recipes for a cask ale and a bottled ale of the same name are often different .
Even the alcohol strength can be different . )
I 've found the comparison to be usually very much in favour of the cask version , with some exceptions .
I have to admit that the first times I tried cask ale I was n't very impressed .
I was put off by the unfamiliar mouthfeel ( the flatness , mostly ) , and was n't really able to appreciate the depth of the flavour , and felt that after the first two - three beers they all tasted the same .
It was only after repeated exposures that I started really appreciating beer served in this way .
Now I very much prefer cask beer to beer served any other way .
When I can find it , that is .
Cask ale , The Bridge House , London
Unfortunately , draft beer around the world is nearly universally dispensed from keg .
The reason is that cask beer is harder to work with .
Since it 's exposed to the air it generally goes bad within 3 - 7 days , and so high turnover is needed .
It also requires a bit of cellarmanship to treat it right and prepare it for dispensing .
And , finally , the barkeep has to use a handpump to pull the beer from the cellar .
Keg beer , on the other hand , can be delivered by a tank car through a hose to a tank in the basement , and poured into a glass at the flick of a switch .
No particular skills are needed from the staff , which is a great advantage in the pub trade , which has very high turnover .
Historically , all draft beer was served from cask , in some form .
In the 20th century , however , keg replaced cask pretty much everywhere .
Except , that is , in the United Kingdom , where the Campaign for Real Ale ( CAMRA ) managed to save it in the 1970s .
This does n't mean that draft beer in the UK is cask , only that a reasonable number of pubs there have one cask ale or more .
Industrial beers like Stella , Guinness , Foster's , and so on are always served from keg , even in the UK .
It 's only the micros and regionals which produce cask ale .
In the pub , you can recognize cask beers because of the characteristic beer engines they are pulled from , such as the one in the photo at the top right in this posting .
Unfortunately , when you do get beer from cask there is a tendency in British pubs to fill the glass to the rim , leaving some of it to slop over .
This gives you a wet glass , beer stains on the table , and so on .
It also leaves no room for the head .
But worst of all , in my opinion , is that the aroma cannot gather inside the glass , instead dispersing in the air around the glass .
The result is that you are robbed of some of the flavour of the beer .
Cask beer can also be found outside of the UK , but is definitely rare .
Fuller 's exports casks to a few places in Finland , the Bishop 's Arms pubs in Sweden , and some pubs in Denmark also have it .
In Norway 3 - 4 pubs occasionally serve Nøgne Ø beers from cask .
I 've also found it in Japan in a couple of places ( notably Popeye ) , and obviously it must exist in the US , too .
Wooden cask , Der Pschorr , München , Germany
In Germany the cask tradition is actually not completely dead , but different from in the UK .
It 's generally only a few brewpubs and brewery taps which serve cask beer .
And , this being Germany , they tend to serve cask lager , rather than ale .
When you do find it , it 's typically in the form of a wooden cask ( holzfaß ) placed on the bar counter , with no elaborate beer engine for pumping the beer , because instead they use a simple tap that exploits the force of gravity to pour the beer .
The photo above shows one example .
I would assume that it's also possible to find cask beer in the Czech Republic , but must confess that I could n't really tell you where .
As for Belgium , I do n't really know .
It would be strange if it was n't possible to find cask beer there , but at the same time I can't remember ever seeing it or hearing about it .
In any case , if you ever visit the UK , this is one of the things you must make sure to try .
Look for CAMRA 's cask marque by the entrance to the pub .
That 's a sign not just that they have cask ale , but also that it 's in good condition .
Linguistic concept
The notion of " green " in modern European languages corresponds to about 520 – 570 nm , but many historical and non-European languages make other choices , e.g. using a term for the range of ca. 450 –530 nm ( " blue / green " ) and another for ca. 530 –590 nm ( " green / yellow " ) .
In many languages , the colors described in English as " blue " and " green " are colexified , i.e. expressed using a single cover term .
To describe this English lexical gap , linguists use the portmanteau word grue , from green and blue , [ citation needed ] , a term coined by the philosopher Nelson Goodman — with a rather different meaning — in his 1955 Fact , Fiction , and Forecast to illustrate his " new riddle of induction " .
The exact definition of " blue " and " green " may be complicated by the speakers not primarily distinguishing the hue , but using terms that describe other color components such as saturation and luminosity , or other properties of the object being described .
For example , " blue " and " green " might be distinguished , but a single term might be used for both if the color is dark .
Furthermore , green might be associated with yellow , and blue with either black or gray .
According to Brent Berlin and Paul Kay 's 1969 study Basic Color Terms : Their Universality and Evolution , distinct terms for brown , purple , pink , orange , and gray will not emerge in a language until the language has made a distinction between green and blue .
In their account of the development of color terms the first terms to emerge are those for white / black ( or light / dark ) , red and green / yellow . [ 1 ]
Amazigh [ edit ]
The word for blue in the Amazigh language is azerwal .
In some dialects of Amazigh , like Shilha or Kabyle , the word azegzaw is used for both green and blue .
Arabic [ edit ]
The color of the sky is sometimes referred to as " the green " in Classical Arabic poetry , in which it is al - khaḍrā ' ( الخضراء ) .
In Arabic the word for blue is generally azraq ( أزرق ) .
The Arabic word for green is akhḍar ( أخضر ) .
In Moroccan Arabic , the word for light blue is šíbi , whereas zraq ( زرق‎ ) stands for blue and khḍar ( خضر‎ ) for green .
The word zrag ( زرڭ‎ ) is used to describe the color of a suffocated person , and is also used pejoratively as a synonym to " dumb , stupid " .
Egyptian [ edit ]
The ancient Egyptian word wadjet covered the range of blue , blue - green , and green .
On the one hand , it was the name of a goddess , the patroness of Lower Egypt , represented as a cobra called Wadjet , " the green one " , or as the Eye of Horus , also called by the same name .
On the other hand , wedjet was the word used for Egyptian blue in faience ceramics .
Hebrew [ edit ]
In Hebrew , the word " כחול‎ " ( pronounced / kaˈχol / ) means blue , while " ירוק‎ " ( pronounced / jaˈʁok / ) means green and has the same root , י־ר־ק‎ ( j- r - q ) , as the word for " vegetables " ( ירקות‎ , jeʁaˈkot ) .
However , in classical Hebrew , ירוק‎ can mean both green and yellow , giving rise to such expressions as ירוק כרישה‎ ( pronounced / jaˈʁok kriʃ 'ʔa / ) , " leek green " , to specify green to the exclusion of yellow .
Like Russian and Italian , Hebrew has a separate name for light blue ( תכלת‎ , " t' khelet " ) — the color of the sky and of fringes ( tzitzit ) on the ritual garment tallit .
This color has special symbolic significance in both Judaism and Jewish culture . [ 2 ]
Albanian [ edit ]
Albanian has two major words for " blue " : kaltër refers to a light blue , such as that of the sky , but it is derived from Vulgar Latin calthinus , itself derived from caltha , a loan from Ancient Greek that meant " marigold " a small and in fact yellow flower . [ 3] [ 4 ]
The other word , blu , refers to a darker shade of blue , and like many similar words across many European languages , derives ultimately from Germanic ( see also : Italian blu ) .
There is a separate word for green , gjelbër , which derives from the Latin galbinus , which originally meant " yellow " ( cf. German gelb ) ; the original Latin word for green on the other hand , viridis , is the source of the Albanian word for " yellow " , verdhë .
[ 5 ]
Albanian also has a borrowed word for green , jeshil , from Turkish yeşil ; it tends to be used for non-natural greens ( such as traffic signals ) in contrast to gjelbër .
Baltic [ edit ]
There are separate words for green ( zaļš ) and blue ( zils ) in Latvian .
Both zils and zaļš stem from the same Proto - Indo - European word for yellow ( * ghel ) .
Several other words in Latvian have been derived from these colors , namely grass is called zāle ( from zaļš ) , while the name for iris is zīlīte ( from zils ) .
The now archaic word mēļš was used to describe both dark blue and black ( probably indicating that previously zils was used only for lighter shades of blue ) .
For instance , blueberries and blackberries are called mellenes .
In Latvian black is " melns " ( in some local dialects " mells " ) .
In Lithuanian žalias is green , mėlynas is blue and žilas is gray ( hair ) , grizzled .
Slavic [ edit ]
Bulgarian , a South Slavic language , makes a clear distinction between blue ( синьо , sinyo ) , green ( зелено , zeleno ) , and black ( черно , cherno ) .
In the Polish language , blue ( niebieski from niebo – sky ) and green ( zielony ) are treated as separate colors .
The word for sky blue or azure — błękitny — might be considered either a basic color or a shade of blue by different speakers .
Similarly dark blue or navy blue ( granatowy — deriving from the name of pomegranate ( granat ) , some cultivars of which are dark purplish blue in color ) can be considered by some speakers as a separate basic color .
Black ( czarny ) is completely distinguished from blue .
As in English , Polish distinguishes pink ( " różowy " ) from red ( " czerwony " ) .
The word siwy means blue - gray in Polish ( literally : " color of gray hair " ) .
The word siny refers to violet - blue and is used to describe the color of bruises ( " siniaki " ) , hematoma , and the blue skin discoloration that can result from moderate hypothermia .
Russian does not have a single word referring to the whole range of colors denoted by the English term " blue " .
Instead , it traditionally treats light blue ( голубой , goluboy ) as a separate color independent from plain or dark blue ( синий , siniy ) , with all seven " basic " colors of the spectrum ( red–orange–yellow–green–голубой / goluboy ( sky blue , light azure , but does not equal cyan ) –синий / siniy ( " true " deep blue , like synthetic ultramarine ) –violet ) while in English the light blues like azure and cyan are considered mere shades of " blue " and not different colors .
The Russian word for " green " is зелёный , zielioniy .
To better understand this , consider that English makes a similar distinction between " red " and light red ( pink , which is considered a different color and not merely a kind of red ) , but such a distinction is unknown in several other languages ; for example , both " red " ( 紅 , hóng , traditionally called 赤 ) , and " pink " ( 粉紅 , fěn hóng , lit . " powder red " ) have traditionally been considered varieties of a single color in Chinese .
The Russian language also distinguishes between red ( красный , krasniy ) and pink ( розовый , rozoviy ) .
Similarly , English language descriptions of rainbows have often distinguished between blue or turquoise [ 6 ] and indigo , [ 7 ] the latter of which is often described as dark blue or ultramarine . [ 8 ]
The Serbo - Croatian color system makes a distinction between blue , green and black :
Blue : plava ( indicates any blue ) or modra .
Navy blue : teget ( only in some languages )
( indicates any blue ) or .
Green : zelena
Black : crna
Modra may also mean dark purple and is used to describe a bruise , modrica .
Native speakers cannot pinpoint a color on the spectrum which would correspond to modra .[ citation needed ]
Sinje , cognate to Bulgarian синьо , sinyo / Russian синий , siniy , is archaic , and denotes blue - gray , usually used to describe dark skies or seas .
Mrka " dusky " can refer either to dark gray , dark brown , or even black .
It is etymologically derived from the word for " darkness " ( mrak ) , but is distinct from " dark " ( taman ) .
For instance , it is used to describe the brown bear ( mrki medvjed ) .
Turquoise is usually described as tirkizna , and similarly , azure will use a loan word azurna .
There is no specific word for cyan .
Blond hair is called plava ( ' blue ' ) , reflecting likely the archaic use of " plav " for any bright white / blue colors ( like the sky ) .
Shades are defined with a prefix ( e.g. " tamno - " for dark , or " svjetlo - " for light ) , for example , dark blue = " tamnoplava " .
The Slovene language distinguishes among blue , green and black
Blue : modra ( officially ) or plava ( vernacular ) is used for any blue .
Sometimes a word sinja ( adj. sinje ) is also used to describe azure .
The adjective moder is also used for " wise " , " sage " or " sapient " ( " moder človek " = " a wise man " , " moder nasvet " = " sapient advice " ) .
The word akvamarin is sometimes used for navy - blue .
or is used for any blue .
Sometimes a word adj .
is also used to describe azure .
The adjective is also used for " wise " , " sage " or " sapient " ( The word is sometimes used for navy - blue .
Green : zel e na is related to the word zel , which is derived from Proto - Slavic word " zȅlь " [ 9 ] for " herb " - which in turn is believed to be derived from Proto - Indo - European word for " to shine " , which also described light shades of colors ( gold , yellow and green ) .
is related to the word , which is derived from Proto - Slavic word " for " herb " - which in turn is believed to be derived from Proto - Indo - European word for " to shine " , which also described light shades of colors ( gold , yellow and green ) .
Black : Črna
Although the blue and green color are not strictly defined , so Slovene speakers cannot point to a certain shade of blue or green , but rather the whole spectrum of blue and green shades , there is a distinction between light and dark hues of these colors , which is described with prefixes svetlo- ( light ) and temno- ( dark ) .
Transient hues between blue and green are mostly described as zeleno modra or modro zelena , sometimes as turkizna ( turquoise ) .
Transient hues between green and yellow ( rumena ) are described as rumeno zelena or zeleno rumena .
Celtic [ edit ]
The Welsh word glas is usually translated as " blue " ; however , it can also refer , variously , to the color of the sea , of grass , or of silver ( cf. Greek γλα υ κ ό ς ) .
The word gwyrdd ( a borrowing from Latin viridis ) is the standard translation for " green " .
In traditional Welsh ( and related languages ) , glas could refer to certain shades of green and gray as well as blue , and llwyd could refer to various shades of gray and brown .
Perhaps under the influence of English , modern Welsh is trending toward the 11 - color Western scheme , restricting glas to blue and using gwyrdd for green , llwyd for gray and brown for brown , respectively .
However , the more traditional usage is still heard today in the Welsh for grass ( glaswellt or gwelltglas ) , and in fossilized expressions such as caseg las ( gray mare ) , tir glas ( green land ) , papur llwyd ( brown paper ) and even red for brown in siwgwr coch ( brown sugar ) .
In Modern Irish and Scottish Gaelic the word for " blue " is gorm ( whence the name Cairngorm mountains derives ) – a borrowing of the now obsolete Early Welsh word gwrm , meaning " dark blue " or " dusky " .
A relic of the original meaning ( " dusky " , " dark brown " ) survives in the Irish term daoine gorma , meaning " Black people " .
Irish language color wheel , with notes on their usage
In Old and Middle Irish , like in Welsh , glas was a blanket term for colors ranging from green to blue to various shades of gray ( e.g. the glas of a sword , the glas of stone , etc. ) .
In Modern Irish , it has come to mean both various shades of green , with specific reference to plant hues , and gray ( like the sea ) , respectively ; other shades of green [ vague ] would be referred to in Modern Irish as uaine or uaithne , while liath is gray proper ( like a stone ) .
Scottish Gaelic uses the term uaine for " green " .
However , the dividing line between it and gorm is somewhat different than between the English " green " and " blue " , with uaine signifying a light green or yellow - green , and gorm extending from dark blue ( what in English might be navy blue ) to include the dark green or blue - green of vegetation .
Grass , for instance , is gorm , rather than uaine .
In addition , liath covers a range from light blue to light gray .
However , the term for a green apple , such as a Granny Smith , would be ubhal glas .
The boundary between colors varies much more than the " focal point " : e.g. an island known in Breton as Enez c'hlas ( " the blue island " ) is l'Île Verte ( " the green island " ) in French , in both cases referring to the grayish - green color of its bushes , even though both languages distinguish green ( as in lawn grass ) from blue ( as in a cloudless midday sky ) .
Romance [ edit ]
The Romance terms for " green " ( Catalan verd , French vert , Italian , Portuguese , Romanian and Spanish verde ) are all from Latin viridis .
The terms for " blue " , on the other hand , vary : Catalan blau , Occitan blau , French bleu and Italian blu come from a Germanic root , whereas the Spanish and Portuguese azul is likely to come from Arabic .
French bleu was in turn loaned into many other languages , including English .
Latin itself did not have a word covering all shades of blue , which may help explain these borrowings .
It did , however , recognise caeruleus ( dark blue , sometimes greenish ) , and lividus ( grayish blue , like lead ) .
French , as most Romance languages , makes roughly the same distinctions as English and has a specific term for each of blue ( " bleu " ) , green ( " vert " ) and gray ( " gris " ) .
For all three , different shades can be indicated with different ( compound ) terms , none of them being considered as basic color terms : " bleu clair " ( light blue ) , " bleu ciel " ( sky blue ) , " bleu marine " ( Navy blue ) , " bleu roi " ( royal blue ) ; " vert clair " ( light green ) , " vert pomme " ( literally : apple green ) ; " gris anthracite " ( deep gray ) , " gris souris " ( literally : " mouse gray " ) .
French also uses " azur " for the lighter shade of blue of the sunny sky , that was in turn loaned to English as " azure " .
Catalan distinguishes blue ( blau ) from green ( verd ) and gray ( gris ) .
Other basic or common colors by its own right are porpra " purple " , groc " yellow " , carbassa or taronja " orange " , vermell " red " , rosa " pink " , marró " brown " , gris " gray " , negre " black " and blanc " white " .
For all these colors except black and white it is possible to indicate different shades using clar " light " and fosc " dark " ; for blue , though , it generally is blau cel " sky blue " and blau marí " sea blue " .
Other words and compounds are common to indicate more elaborated shades ( verd llimona " lemon green " , rosa pàlid " pale pink " , lila " lilac " , granat " carmine " , ocre " ocher " , verd oliva " olive green " , etc. ) .
Catalan actually distinguishes two reds with different and common words : while vermell refers to the color of arterial blood , roig is a red tending towards yellow or the color of clay . [ 10 ]
Italian distinguishes blue ( blu ) , green ( verde ) and gray ( grigio ) .
There are also common words for light blue ( e.g. the color of the cloudless sky ) : azzurro and celeste , and other for darker shades , e.g. indaco , indigo .
Azzurro , the equivalent of the English azure , is usually considered a separate basic color rather than a shade of blu ( similar to the distinction in English between red and pink ) .
Some sources even go to the point of defining blu as a darker shade of azzurro . [ 11 ]
Celeste literally means '( the color ) of the sky ' and can be used as synonym of azzurro , although it will more often be considered a less saturated hue .
[ 12 ] [ 13 ] acquamarina ( aquamarine ) literally " sea water " , indicates an even lighter , almost transparent , shade of blue .
To indicate a mix of green and blue , Italians might say verde acqua , literally water green .
The term glauco , not common in standard Italian and perceived as a literary term , is used in scientific contexts ( esp. botany ) to indicate a mix of blue , green and gray . [ 14 ]
Other similar terms are ceruleo and turchese ( turquoise / teal ) ; they are more saturated hues ( especially turchese ) and differ in context of use : the first is a literary or bureaucratic term ( used for example to indicate light green eyes in identity cards ) ; the second is more common in any informal speech , along with the variant turchino ( for instance , the fairy of The Adventures of Pinocchio is called fata turchina ) .
In Portuguese , the word " azul " means blue and the word " verde " means green .
Furthermore , " azul - claro " means light - blue , and " azul - escuro " means dark - blue .
More distinctions can be made between several hues of blue .
For instance , " azul - celeste " means sky blue , " azul - marinho " means navy - blue and " azul - turquesa " means turquoise - blue .
One can also make the distinction between " verde- claro " and " verde- escuro " , meaning light and dark - green respectively , and more distinctions between several qualities of green : for instance , " verde- oliva " means olive - green and " verde- esmeralda " means emerald - green .
Cyan is usually called " azul - celeste " ( sky blue ) or " azul - piscina " , meaning pool blue , but also less commonly " ciano " , and " verde- água " , meaning water green .
Romanian clearly distinguishes between the colors green ( verde ) and blue ( albastru ) .
It also uses separate words for different hues of the same color , e.g. light blue ( bleu ) , blue ( albastru ) , dark - blue ( bleu - marin or bleomarin ) , along with a word for turquoise ( turcoaz ) and azure ( azur or azuriu ) .
Similarly to French , Romanian , Italian and Portuguese , Spanish distinguishes blue ( azul ) and green ( verde ) and has an additional term for the tone of blue visible in the sky , namely " celeste " , which is nonetheless considered a shade of blue .
Germanic [ edit ]
In Old Norse , the word blár " blue " ( from proto - Germanic blēwaz ) was also used to describe black ( and the common word for people of African descent was thus blámenn ' blue / black men ' ) .
In Swedish , blå , the modern word for blue , was used this way until the early 20th century , and it still is to a limited extent in modern Faroese .
German and Dutch distinguish blue ( respectively blau and blauw ) and green ( grün and groen ) very similarly to English .
There are ( compound ) terms for light blue ( hellblau and lichtblauw ) and darker shades of blue ( dunkelblau and donkerblauw ) .
In addition , adjective forms of most traditional color names are inflected to match the corresponding noun's case and gender .
Greek [ edit ]
The words for “ blue ” and “ green ” completely changed in the transition from Ancient Greek to Modern Greek .
Ancient Greek had γλαυκ ός ( glaukós ) “ clear light blue ” contrasting with χλωρ ός ( khlōrós ) “ bright green ” ; for darker shades of both colors , γλαυκ ό ς and χλωρ ός were replaced by κυαν ό ς ( kuanós ) , meaning either a “ dark blue or green ” .
The words had more than one modern meaning : in addition to “ clear light blue ” , γλα υκ ό ς also meant “ turquoise ” and “ teal - green ” – it was the typical description of the color of the goddess Athena ’s eyes , portrayed as either gray or light blue .
As well as “ bright green ” , χλ ωρ ός was also used for “ acid yellow ” ( compare “ chlorophyll ” ) .
Furthermore , κυαν ό ς ( kuanós ) not only meant “ turquoise ” and “ teal - green ” , but could mean either a “ dark blue ” or “ dark green ” or just “ blue ” ( adopted into English as “ cyan ” for light sky - blue ) .
Those terms changed in Byzantine Era Greek as seen from the insignia colors of two of Constantinople ’s rival popular factions : Πράσινοι ( Prasinoi , “ the Greens ” ) and Bένετοι ( Venetoi , “ the Blues ” ) .
It is not known if those groups ’ names influenced the word change or if they were named using the new color terms , but whichever way it went , πράσινο ς ( prásinos ) is a Modern Greek word for “ green ” .
The ancient term for blue ( γλαυκ ό ς ) has disappeared from Modern Greek as such , replaced by γαλάζιο ς ( galázios ) or θαλα σ σή ς ( thalassís , “ sea colored ” ) for light blue / sea blue , and the recent indeclinable loan - word μπλε ( ble , from French bleu ; μπ = b ) is used for blue .
In the Modern Greek language , there are names for light and dark blues and greens in addition to those discussed above :
Modern Greek Transliteration English τυρκουάζ tyrkouáz turquoise κυαν ός kyanós azure
( old κυαν ό ς ; see above ) λαχανή ς lachanís
( “ cabbage colored ” ) lime green λαδή ς ladís olive green χακί chakí dark khaki κυπαρισσί kypariss í
( “ cypress colored ” ) brownish green [ citation needed ]
As a rule , the first two words of the list are accepted as shades of blue , and the rest as shades of green .
Also βιολέ ( violé ) / βιολετή ς ( violetís ) for violet blue ( which is , however , usually considered as a shade of purple , rather than blue ) .
Iranian [ edit ]
Ossetian has only one word for blue , light blue and green — цъæх ( tsəh ) , which also means " gray " and " glaucous " — but it also has a separate word for green , кæрдæгхуыз ( kərdəghuɨz ) , literally " grassy " ( from кæрдæг " grass " ) .
The latter derives from кæрдын ( kərdɨn ) " to mow " ( like in German Heu ( hau ) < hauen ( to mow ) ) .
Ossetian also has separate words for the following colors :
light blue : æрвхуыз ( ərvhuɨz ) from æрвон " sky "
glaucous : бæлонхуыз ( bəlonhuɨz ) from бæлон " pigeon " ( a calque from Russian , cf. голубой ( light blue ) < голубь ( pigeon ) ) ; also фæздæгхуыз ( fəzdəghuɨz ) from fazdag " smoke " , from Old Persian * pazdaka - , cognate of Latin pedis ( louse ) and Russian ( obscene ) пизда ( cunt ) , because of its stinking .
" smoke " , from Old Persian * pazdaka - , cognate of Latin ( louse ) and Russian ( obscene ) ( cunt ) , because of its stinking .
blue : копрадзхуыз ( kopradzhuɨz ) , from копрадз ( kopradz ) - bluing for laundering , transliteration of Russian купорос " vitriol " from Latin cuprum " copper "
" copper " gray : фæныкхуыз ( fənykhuɨz ) , from фæнык " ashes " , originating from Persian * pa( s ) nu - ka , cognate or Russian песок " sand "
Pashto uses the word shīn to denote blue as well as green .
Shinkay , a word derived from shīn , means ' greenery ' but shīn āsmān means ' blue sky ' .
When there is ambiguity , it is common to ask ( as in Vietnamese ) , " Shīn like the sky ?
Or shīn like plants ? "
Persian words for blue include آبی ābi ( literally the color of water , from āb ' water ' ) , for blue generally ; نیلی nili ( from nil , ' indigo dye ' ) , for deeper shades of blue such as the color of rain clouds ; فیروزه fayruzeh ' turquoise stone ' , used to describe the color of blue eyes ; لاجوردی lājvardi or لاژوردی lāzhvardi ' lapis lazuli color ' , source of the words lazuli and azure ; نیلوفری nilufari ' water lily color ' ; and کبود kabud , an old literary word for ' blue ' .
The Persian word for green is سبز sabz .
As in Sudan , dark - skinned people may be described as " green " .
The color of the sky is variously described in Persian poetry using the words sabz , fayruzeh , nil , lājvardi , or nilufari — literally " green " , " indigo " , " turquoise " , " azure " or " the color of water lilies " .
For example , sabz - ākhor " green stable " , sabz - āshyāneh " green ceiling " , sabz - ayvān " green balcony " , sabz - bādbān " green sail " , sabz - bāgh " green garden " , sabz - farsh " green carpet " , sabz - golshan " green flower - garden " , sabz - kārgāh " green workshop " , sabz - khvān " green table " , sabz - manzareh " green panorama " , sabz - maydān " green field " sabz - pol " green bridge " , sabz - tāq " green arch " , sabz - tasht " green bowl " , and sabz - tā'us " green peacock " are poetic epithets for the sky — in addition to similar compounds using the words for blue , e.g. lājvardi - saqf " lapis lazuli - colored roof " or fayruzeh - tasht " turquoise bowl " .
Moreover , the words for green of Arabic origin اخضر akhzar and خضرا khazrā are used for epithets of the sky or heaven , such as charkh-e akhzar " green wheel " . [ 15 ]
Indo - Aryan languages distinguish blue from green .
In Urdu , blue is نیلا ( nīlā ) and green is سبز ( sabz ) .
There are some names of shades of blue as well , like فیروزی ( ferozī ) " turquoise " .
In Hindi , blue is नीला ( nīlā ) and green is हरा ( harā ) .
In Marathi , blue is निळा ( niḽā ) and green is हिरवा ( hiravā ) .
Basque [ edit ]
In the Basque language , there are three native color words derived from " ur " ( water ) .
Urdin , is nowadays used in most cases for blue .
" Ubel " , originally meant flash flood and , with respect to colors , is often used in relation to bruises .
" Begi ubela " would be translated into English by " a black and blue eye " .
But in Basque , unlike English , ubel remains in use after the hit skin has lost its purple color and become pale , why this word is used for both purple in particular and pale hue in general .
" Uher " , originally meant dirty , still water or rusty and is used for gray or sienna tones or impure , dark color in general .
Green is usually expressed with the loan - word berde from Spanish " verde " / French " vert " .
The authenticity of the less common Basque terms for green ( h) orlegi and musker is disputed . [ 16 ]
Uralic [ edit ]
Finnish [ edit ]
Finnish makes a distinction between vihreä ( green ) and sininen ( blue ) .
Turquoise or teal ( turkoosi or sinivihreä ) is considered to be a separate , intermediate color between green and blue , and black ( musta ) is also differentiated from blue .
The name for blue , sininen , is shared with other Finnic languages and is thus dated to the era of the Proto - Finnic language ( ca. 2000 years old ) .
However , it is also shared with the Slavic languages ( Russian синий , siniy ) , suggesting that it could be a loanword ( most probable from Indo - Iranian Scythian language ; see Proto - Finnic * sini , Proto - Slavic * siňь ) .
The word vihreä ( viher - , archaic viheriä , viheriäinen ) is related to vehreä " verdant " and vihanta " green " , and viha " hate " , originally " poison " .
It is not shared with Estonian , in which it is roheline , probably related with the Estonian word rohi " grass " .
However , the form viha does have correspondences in related languages as far as Permic languages , where it means not only " poison " but " bile " or " green or yellow " .
It has been originally loaned from an Indo - Iranian protolanguage and is related to Latin virus " poison " .
Furthermore , the word musta " black " is also of Finnic origin .
The differentiation of several colors by hue is at least Finnic ( a major subgroup of Uralic ) in origin .
Before this , only red ( punainen ) was clearly distinguished by hue , with other colors described in terms of brightness ( valkea vs. musta ) , using non-color adjectives for further specificity .
Alternatively , it appears that the distinction between valkea and musta was in fact " clean , shining " vs. " dirty , murky " .
The original meaning of sini was possibly either " black / dark " or " green " .
Mauno Koski's theory is that dark colors of high saturation — both blue and green — would be sini , while shades of color with low saturation , such as dark brown or black , would be musta .
Although it is theorized that originally vihreä was not a true color name and was used to describe plants only , the occurrence of vihreä or viha as a name of a color in several related languages shows that it was probably polysemic ( meaning both " green " and " verdant " ) already in early Baltic - Finnic .
However , whatever the case with these theories , differentiation of blue and green must be at least as old as the Baltic - Finnic languages . [ 17 ]
Hungarian [ edit ]
Hungarian makes the distinction between green ( zöld ) and blue ( kék ) , and also distinguishes black ( fekete ) .
Intermediate colors between green and blue are commonly referred to as zöldeskék ( literally greenish - blue ) or kékeszöld ( bluish - green ) , but names for specific colors in this continuum — like turquoise ( türkiz ) — also exist .
Particular shades of a color can also have separate names , such as azure ( azúr ) .
Turkic [ edit ]
The Kazakh language , like many Turkic languages , distinguishes between kök for blue and jasâl for green .
In Kazakh , many adjectival variations can be found referring to perceived gradations in saturation level of " blue " , such as kögildir , kökshil , and kökboz , which respectively denominate the gradual decrease in the intensity , kökboz being often used as a color referent in its own right .
Kök is occasionally used to denote green plants ( e.g. ' kök ' shöp ' ) , but such usage is mostly confined to poetic utterances or certain localized dialects .
Turkish treats dark or navy blue ( lacivert , from the same Persian root as English azure and lapis lazuli ) as a separate color from plain or light blue ( mavi ) .
Mavi is derived from the Arabic word مائي mā'ī ' like water ' ( ماء mā ' being the Arabic word for water ) and lacivert is derived from Persian لاجورد lājvard ' lapis lazuli ' , a semiprecious stone with the color of navy blue .
In the pre-Islamic religion of the Turks , blue is the color that represented the east , as well as the zodiac sign Aquarius ( the Water Bearer ) .
A characteristic tone of blue , turquoise , was much used by the Turks for their traditional decorations and jewelry .
In traditional pre-Islamic Turkic culture , both blue and green were represented by the same name , gök ' sky ' .
The name is still in use in many rural areas .
For instance , in many regions of Turkey , when mold is formed on cheese , the phenomenon is called göğermek ' turning into the color of gök / sky ' .
Dravidian [ edit ]
The Tamil language distinguishes between the colors பச்சை green ( paccai ) , நீலம் blue ( neelam ) and கருப்பு black ( karuppu ) .
The prefix karu - would indicate dark colors while the suffix iḷam would indicate light colors .
Thus கரும்பச்சை karumpaccai would be dark green .
The Telugu language uses a single word , Telugu : పచ్చ pacca , for green and yellow .
To differentiate between the two shades , another word is prefixed in some cases .
For example , green will be called ఆకుపచ్చ ākupacca " leaf - pacca " and yellow పసుపుపచ్చ pasupupacca " turmeric - pacca " .
The Kannada language distinguishes between blue ( neeli - ನೀಲಿ ) , green ( hasiru - ಹಸಿರು ) and yellow ( haladi - ಹಳದಿ ) .
The prefix kadu ( ಕಡು ) would indicate darker colors while the prefix tili ( ತಿಳಿ ) would indicate light colors .
Thus kaduneeli ( ಕಡುನೀಲಿ ) would mean dark / deep blue , while tilineeli ( ತಿಳಿನೀಲಿ ) would mean light blue .
In Malayalam there are distinct words for blue ( neela - നീല ) , green ( pachcha - പച്ച ) and yellow ( manja - മഞ്ഞ ) .
East Asian languages [ edit ]
Chinese [ edit ]
The modern Chinese language has the blue–green distinction ( 藍 lán for blue and 綠 lǜ for green ) ; however , another word that predates the modern vernacular , qīng ( Chinese : 靑 ) , is also used .
The character depicts the budding of a young plant and it could be understood as " verdant " , but the word is used to describe colors ranging from light and yellowish green through deep blue all the way to black , as in xuánqīng ( Chinese : 玄靑 ) .
For example , the flag of the Republic of China is referred to as qīng tiān , bái rì , mǎn dì hóng ( " Blue Sky , White Sun , and a Wholly Red Earth " — 「 Chinese : 靑天，白日，滿地紅 」 ) ; whereas qīngcài ( 靑菜 ) is the Chinese word for " green bok choy " .
A cucumber is known as either huángguā ( Chinese : 黃瓜 ) " yellow melon " or qīngguā ( Chinese : 靑 瓜 ) " green melon " , which is more commonly used in Cantonese .
Qīng 靑 , was the traditional designation of both blue and green for much of the history of the Chinese language , while 藍 lán ( ' blue ' ) originally referred to the indigo plant . [ 18 ]
However , the character 綠 lǜ ( ' green ' ) , as a particular ' shade ' of qīng applied to cloth and clothing , [ 19 ] has been attested since the Book of Odes ( 1000 to 600 B.C. ) ( e.g. , the title of Ode 27 《 邶風·綠衣 》 ' Green Upper Garment ' in the Airs of Bei ) .
After the discarding of Classical Chinese in favor of modern Vernacular Chinese , the modern terms for blue and green are now more commonly used than qīng as standalone color terms , although qīng is still part of many common noun phrases .
The two forms can also be encountered combined as 靑藍 and 靑綠 , with 靑 being used as an intensifier .
Japanese [ edit ]
Traditional colors of Japan # 5B8930 萌黄 Moegi " Fresh Onion " , listed with yellow # 6B9362 若竹色 Wakatake - iro " Young bamboo color " , listed with blue
The Japanese word ao ( 青 , n. , aoi ( 青い , adj . ) ) , the same kanji character as the Chinese qīng , can refer to either blue or green depending on the situation .
Modern Japanese has a word for green ( 緑 , midori ) , but it is a relatively recent usage .[ citation needed ]
Ancient Japanese did not have this distinction : the word midori came into use only in the Heian period , and at that time ( and for a long time thereafter ) midori was still considered a shade of ao.[ citation needed ]
Educational materials distinguishing green and blue came into use only after World War II ; [ 20 ] thus , even though most Japanese consider them to be green , the word ao is still used to describe certain vegetables , apples , and vegetation .
Ao is also the word used to refer to the color on a traffic light that signals one to " go " .
However , most other objects — a green car , a green sweater , and so forth — will generally be called midori .
Japanese people also sometimes use the word gurīn ( グリーン ) , based on the English word " green " , for colors .
The language also has several other words meaning specific shades of green and blue .
Korean [ edit ]
The native Korean words 푸르다 ( Revised Romanization : pureu - da ) may mean either blue or green , or bluish green .
These adjectives 푸르다 are used for blue as in 푸른 하늘 ( pureu -n haneul ) or 파란 하늘 ( para -n haneul ) meaning ' blue sky ' , or for green as in 푸른 숲 ( pureu - n sup , green forest ) .
푸른 ( pur -n ) is a noun- modifying form .
There are Sino - Korean expressions that refer to green and blue .
초록/草綠 ( chorok adj ./n. ) , 초록색 /草綠色 ( choroksaek n. or for short , 녹색 / 綠色 noksaek n. ) is used for green .
Cheong 청/靑 , another expression borrowed from Chinese ( 靑 ) , is mostly used for blue , as in 청바지 /靑-- ( cheong - baji , blue jean " and Cheong Wa Dae ( 청와대 or Hanja : 靑瓦臺 ) , the Blue House , which is the executive office and official residence of the President of the Republic of Korea , but is also used for green as well , as in 청과물 / 靑果物 ( cheong - gwamul , fruits and vegetables ) and 청포도 / 靑葡萄 ( cheong - podo , green grape ) .
Tibetan [ edit ]
In Tibetan , སྔོན་པོ། ( Wylie sngon po ) is the term traditionally given for the color of the sky and of grass . [ 21 ]
This term also falls into the general pattern of naming colors by appending the suffix " po " , as in " mar po " ( red ) ; " ser po " ( yellow ) ; " nag po " ( black ) ; and " dkar po " ( white ) .
Conspicuously , the term for " green " is " ljang khu " , likely related to " ljang bu " , and defined as — " the grue ( sngon po ) sprout of wheat or barley " . [ 22 ]
Vietnamese [ edit ]
Vietnamese usually does not use separate words for green and refers to that color using a word that can also refer to blue .
In Vietnamese , blue and green are denoted by xanh .
This is a colloquial rendering of thanh ( 靑 ) , as with Chinese and Japanese .
Blue is specifically described as xanh da trời , as in the light blue skin of the sky , or xanh dương , xanh nước biển , as in the deep blue of the ocean .
Green is described as xanh lá cây , as in the color of leaves .
Vietnamese occasionally employs the terms xanh lam and xanh lục ( in which the second syllables is derived from the Chinese : 藍 and 綠 ) for blue and green , respectively .
However , these notions are rarely used in spoken language and more so in old written documents as there is now a movement towards pure Vietnamese words , or từ Thuần Việt , and away from Chinese - influenced Vietnamese words .
Mongolian [ edit ]
In Mongolian , the word for green is ногоон ( nogoon ) .
Mongolian distinguishes between dark and light blue .
The word for light blue is цэнхэр ( tsenher ) , and the word for dark blue is хөх ( höh ) .
Austronesian languages [ edit ]
Filipino ( Tagalog ) [ edit ]
Speakers of Tagalog most commonly use the Spanish loanwords for blue and green — asul ( from Spanish azul ) and berde ( from Spanish verde ) , respectively .
Although these words are much more common in spoken use , Tagalog has native terms : bugháw for blue and lunti( án ) for green , which are seen as archaic and more flowery .
These are mostly confined to formal and academic writings , alongside artistic fields such literature , music , and poetry .
In Cebuano , another major Philippine language , the native words for " blue " and " green " end in the same syllable : pughaw and lunhaw , respectively .
Pughaw means sky blue , while lunhaw is fresh leaf green ( i.e. neither brownish nor yellowish ) .
Humor and jokes of a sexual or derogatory nature that would otherwise be described as " blue " in English ( e.g. " blue comedy " , " blue joke " ) are called " green " in Philippine English .
This is a calque of the Hispanic term chiste verde .
Javanese [ edit ]
Modern Javanese has distinct words for blue biru and green ijo . [ 23 ]
These words are derived from Old Javanese birū and hijo . [ 24 ]
However , in Old Javanese birū could mean pale blue , grayish blue , greenish blue , or even turquoise , while hijo which means green , could also mean the blue - green color of clear water .
Biru and ijo in Modern Javanese are cognates of Malay / Indonesian biru and hijau which both have the same meaning .
The Yoruba word for green is àwö ewéko , which translates to " color of leaves " ; blue is àwö sánmà , which translates to " color of sky " .
Bantu [ edit ]
The Swahili word for blue is buluu , which is derived directly from English and has been in the language for a relatively short time .
For other colors , Swahili uses either rangi ya ___ ( the color of ___ ) or a shortened version , - a ___ .
For example , green is rangi ya kijani or rangi ya majani , which means the color of grass / leaves .
Sky blue is rangi ya samawati , or the color of the sky from the Arabic word for sky .
( Note : all of these can be written as - a kijani , - a majani , - a samwati , etc . ) [ 25 ]
Zulu and Xhosa use the word - luhlaza ( the prefix changes according to the class of the noun ) for blue / green .
Tswana uses the same word tala to refer to both blue and green .
One has to deduce from the context and prior knowledge , of what is being talked about , to be able to pinpoint exactly the color in question .
The Himba people use a single word for shades of green and blue : buru .
They curiously have only three other color names ; thus , their limited color perception has both aroused interest in anthropologists , who have studied this phenomenon .
American languages [ edit ]
The language of the Kanien ' kehá : ka Nation at Akwesasne is at Stage VII on the Berlin–Kay Scale , and thus possesses distinct terms for a broad range of spectral and nonspectral colors such as blue ( oruía ) , green ( óhute ) , black ( kahúji ) , white ( karákA ' ) , and gray ( atakArókwa ) .
According to one researcher , the Nation 's term for purple ( arihwawakunéha ) , which translates to ' bishop [ 's color ] ' , a recent , postChristianization coinage . [ 26 ]
The way in which purple was categorized and referenced prior to the addition of the latter term is not clear .
In the Lakota Sioux language , the word tȟó is used for both blue and green , though the word tȟózi ( a mixture of the words tȟó meaning " blue ( green ) , " and zí meaning " yellow " ) has become common ( zítȟo can also be used ) .
This is in line with common practice of using zíša / šázi for Orange ( šá meaning " red " ) , and šátȟo / tȟóša for " purple / violet . " [ 27 ]
The Choctaw language has two words , okchʋko and okchʋmali , which have different meanings depending on the source .
In 1852 okchakko is translated variously as pale blue or pale green , okchakko chohmi ( somewhat okchakko ) is given as swarthy , and okchamali is defined as deep blue , gray , green , or sky blue . [ 28 ]
In 1880 okchakko and okch ʋmali are both given as blue , and green is not specifically listed as a color . [ 29 ]
In an 1892 dictionary , okchamali is deep blue or green , okchakko is pale blue or bright green , and a third word kili̱koba is bright green ( resembling a kili̱kki , a species of parrot ) . [ 30 ]
By 1915 , the authoritative Byington dictionary gives okchako as blue and okchamali as green , blue , gray , verdant . [ 31 ]
A current coursebook differentiates based on brightness , giving okch ʋko as bright blue / green and okch ʋmali as pale or dull blue / green . [ 32 ]
Modern usage in the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma language school is to use okch ʋko for blue and okch ʋmali for green , with no distinction for brightness .
Single words for blue / green are also found in Mayan languages ; for example in the Yukatek Maya language blue / green is yax .
Tupian languages did not originally differ between the two colors , though they may now as a result of interference of Spanish ( in the case of Guaraní ) or Portuguese ( in the case of Nheengatu ) .
The Tupi word oby ( IPA : [ ɔˈβɨ ] ) meant both as does the Guaraní hovy ( IPA : [ hɔʋɨ ] ) .
In modern tupi ( nheengatu ) you can use the word " suikiri " for green and " iakira / akira " for blue , but they are still interchangeable , because " iakira / akira " also means immature , as in " pakua akira " ( green banana / immature banana ) , and " suikiri " can also mean blue .
In modern guarani , they use " hovy " for blue and " hovy ' û " ( which literally means " dark green / blue ) for green .
So " hovy " can still be used for green " and " hovy ' û " can be used for dark blue shades .
They also have the word " aky " , cognate with nheengatu " akira " , and it means green / immature too .
The Yebamasa of the Rio Piraparana region in Vaupés Department , southeastern Colombia , use the term sumese for both blue and green .
The letter " u " is pronounced like the German " ü " . [ 33 ]
Mapudungun distinguishes between black ( kurü ) , blue ( kallfü ) and green ( karü , also meaning " raw " or " immature " ) .
The word payne was formerly used to refer to a sky blue , and also refers to the bluish color of stones ( Zúñiga , 2006 ) .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Spore at top of the piracy charts
Developers say piracy is driving them away from making PC titles Will Wright 's evolutionary epic video game - Spore - has been named the most pirated PC game of 2008 , according to the Torrent Freak weblog .
The site used data provided by the peer - to - peer sharing protocol , BitTorrent , to compile a list of the 10 most downloaded PC games in 2008 .
The site reported 1.7 m illegal downloads of Spore since the game was released in September 2008 .
Electronic Arts ( EA ) said it sold nearly 2 m copies of the game .
Will Wright 's other big- selling title - The Sims 2 - came second on the list with 1,150,000 copies downloaded .
TorrentFreak said that Spore 's Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) software - which came in for considerable criticism when the game was released - was one of the reasons the game was so prolifically pirated .
TOP 10 PIRATED GAMES OF 2008
1 ) Spore 2 ) The Sims 2 3 ) Assassins Creed 4 ) Crysis 5 ) Command & Conquer 3 6 ) Call of Duty 4 7 ) GTA San Andreas 8 ) Fallout 3 9 ) Far Cry 2 10 ) Pro Evolution Soccer 2009
Source : TorrentFreak Spore 's original DRM ( Digital Rights Management ) limited customers to only three activations after the game was installed , preventing legitimate customers from having free use of the game and effectively killing the second - hand market .
The hacked version that emerged less than 24 hours after the game shipped came without any DRM , and within 10 days of the games launch , more than half a million people had downloaded a pirated version of the game .
EA subsequently released a " DRM - lite " version that allowed an unlimited number of installations , but the public relations damage was considerable .
Freelance games journalist Paul Pressley told BBC
News that pirating games was inevitable .
" The best [ games publishers ] can do is come up with measures that stem piracy as much as they can , without impeding legitimate customers . "
" The PC market is getting smaller in terms of single - player games and publishers do overstate the problem . "
" The majority of their sales are console - based , which makes piracy much harder and while pirates will take a small percentage of their sales , the majority of people will buy a legitimate copy of the game , " he said .
Conspicuously absent from the list are online - only games .
Sophisticated client software makes accessing BitTorrent files very simple World of Warcraft has more than 11 m subscribers worldwide , and Warhammer Online shifted more than 1.2 m units in the first few weeks after its launch .
Unlike single - player games , these require an active subscription - rather than a legitimate copy of the game - to play .
But with game developers withdrawing or scaling back on creating new PC titles and a seemingly watertight subscription model for online gaming , pirates could yet sink the concept of single - player PC gaming below the waterline .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Barack Obama takes office today , his first order of business will be a stimulus package estimated to be close to $ 1 trillion , including $ 300 million in tax cuts and the largest new government spending program for infrastructure since Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
Sages nod that replicating aspects of FDR's New Deal will help pull the country out of a recession .
But the experience under FDR largely provides a cautionary tale .
Mr. Obama 's policy plans are driven by the conventional economic wisdom that the New Deal economic programs ended the Great Depression .
Not so .
In fact , thanks to New Deal policies and programs , the U.S. economy faltered for years longer than it might otherwise have done .
With all the beauty that exists on this earth , we ’re lucky that there are so many amazingly talented photographers out there capturing it for all to see .
Underwater scenes , moonlit landscapes , terrifyingly extreme weather , majestic wildlife and aurora borealis coloring the sky are just a handful of the subjects these 15 nature and environmental photographers have tackled .
Using macro lenses , HDR techniques , photo - microscopes and plain old 35 mm cameras , these photographers help us gain an even greater appreciation for the natural world .
Nick Brandt
The composition of Nick Brandt ’s nature photographs could n’t be more perfect if he posed the animals himself .
His images have an almost magical quality , as seen in his incredible ‘ Lion Before Storm # 2 ’ ( pictured ) .
One can only imagine how long Brandt waits to capture such perfect scenes .
Brandt ’s photographic eye elevates the photography of wildlife from journalism into fine art .
Daniel Bergmann
The ethereal images of photographer Daniel Bergmann will take your breath away .
His photography of landscapes in his home country of Iceland have an otherwordly feel pronounced by each photo ’s delicate balance of vivid yet natural colors .
His work has appeared in BBC Wildlife Magazine , National Geographic Traveler , CNN Traveler , TIME for Kids and other publications .
Eric Nguyen
Eric Nguyen was one of those adrenaline junkies that chase storms in the hopes of catching the power and beauty of swirling weather extremes on film .
Though many storm chasers take photos , Nguyen ’s go beyond mere documentation – they ’re striking reminders of just how amazing nature really is .
Taking good photos was an important part of the storm observation process for Nguyen , and it shows in his work .
Miguel Lasa
Miguel Lasa ’s ability to capture the personality of creatures like polar bears , owls , bears , cheetah and other wildlife sets him firmly apart from other nature photographers .
Lasa ’s work , which has been featured on book and magazine covers all over the world , portrays the spirit , charm and power of these animals in a way that is truly unique to him .
John Hyde
It ’s difficult to overstate the sheer beauty of John Hyde ’s whale photography .
The vivid blue water , the Alaskan mountains in the background and the lively movements of the creatures themselves come together in incredibly compelling images .
Of his work , Hyde says “ The perfect picture is one that drives you to make another .
Each image should be viewed as a stepping stone to the next .
That is the philosophy that drives my creative vision . ”
Ville Miettinen
( images via wili )
Photographer Ville Miettinen is based in Helsinki , Finland but travels the world to find the scenes that he memorializes in astonishingly vibrant color .
He uses two methods for his HDR photography : either taking the same shot with multiple exposures , combining the images and tone - mapping the result or taking single - shot HDRs , where the tone - mapping process is applied to a 12 - bit / channel RAW image .
Brian Valentine
Brian Valentine takes macro shots of insects that show us flies , spiders , dragonflies and other bugs like we ’ve never seen them before .
Every macro insect shot in his portfolio was taken in his own garden with a Canon digital SLR and a Sigma 105 mm EX macro lens .
The process is more complicated than it seems – Valentine explains it in a list of macrophotography tips .
Dustin Humphrey
In some of the most unique underwater images ever taken , Dustin Humphrey has combined surfers riding waves on the surface of the water with jarring scenes on the ocean floor .
These images are a promotional series for surf conglomerate Insight51 .
Upside down bedrooms , naked girls on motor bikes and underwater shantytowns are among the strange installations created for the series .
Bob West
The nighttime landscapes of Bob West give us a surreal view of landscapes lit only by a full moon .
West ventures out with his digital SLR in hand to capture photos like these when the time is right , and though he claims to be somewhat of an amateur , his photography indicates otherwise .
Kenneth G. Libbrecht
Kenneth Libbrecht gives us an up - close - and - personal view of just how beautiful snowflakes really are .
His images are taken with a specially designed snowflake photomicroscope in places like Northern Ontario , Alaska , Vermont , the Michigan Upper Peninsula and the Sierra Nevada mountains of California .
The website SnowCrystals.com has an interesting guide to the different types of snowflakes , and the conditions under which they form and fall .
Tina Owens
Hawaii - based Tina
Owens takes macro underwater shots of the many colorful and beautiful creatures that live in the warm waters surrounding the islands .
Formerly president of the Kona Underwater Photo Society , Owens loves to travel the world and her favorite place to take photos is East Africa .
Örvar Atli
Many people photograph the rare beauty of polar auroras – natural colored light displays in the sky , usually seen at night in areas close to the North and South poles – but most do n’t use the auroras as another element in a beautiful landscape photograph the way Örvar Atli does .
The Icelandic landscape photographer waits in the freezing cold all night long to get the best shots , and the results are breathtaking .
Adam Andrearczyk
Polish photographer Adam Andrearczyk has produced some of the darkest , most ominously beautiful HDR photography ever seen .
Each gritty image seems to be part of some dark fairytale , and leaves you wanting to know more about its setting and subjects .
This selection of dramatic nature photos is just the beginning of Andrearczyk ’s talent : his urban photography is even more amazing .
Andy Rouse
Famed wildlife photographer Andy Rouse captured this series of images of a mother Cheetah teaching her cubs how to hunt in the Masai Mara game reserve in Kenya .
The mother captured this poor little gazelle and delivered it to her cubs , but they did n’t seem to know what to do with it , and decided to give it a cuddle instead of eating it .
Unsurprisingly , instinct kicked in and the cubs got a little rough with the gazelle , but it finally found an opportunity to escape .
Short Term Profits Over Long Term Principles ; Google 's Caving On Book Scanning Is Bad News
from the unfortunate - reality dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Today the tech / business press was filled with stories about how Google has settled the lawsuits from authors and publishers over its book scanning project .
Google is paying $ 125 million , and will be changing some of how its book search system works .
Authors and publishers will allow books to go online , but it locks Google in to a specific business model that might not be the most reasonable and , most importantly , it does not answer the legal question concerning the overall legality of book scanning .
Pretty much any way you look at it , Google caved here -- and this is unfortunate for a variety of reasons .
Two years ago , there was a story in the NY Times about how Google 's legal department saw all of these lawsuits against the company as a way to stand up on principle and make better law .
Specifically , the company positioned itself as being willing to fight certain lawsuitsin order to get precedent setting rulings on the books in support of openness , fair use , safe harbors and many other important issues .
The company suggested that , rather than settle , it would fight these lawsuits knowing that it alone , with its big war chest of money , could fight some of these battles that tiny startups could never afford .
It may not be surprising , but it 's safe to say those days are long gone .
We 've been seeing it time and time again , from Google 's decision to pay off entertainment companies not to sue YouTube to the decision to pay off the Associated Press for including its headlines in Google News .
Perhaps one of the biggest legal battles , however , was over Google 's book scanning project .
Google took it upon itself to scan numerous books and make the results searchable online .
The company put significant restrictions in place , such that it 's almost impossible for someone to do a search and read the entire book that way .
You can only see a few consecutive pages .
You can't print .
However , you can search and find new and interesting books that you might want to buy .
I know I 've bought dozens of books this way .
Not surprisingly , authors and publishers sued Google over this , and went around claiming how awful it was -- even though it was really not all that different than creating a much better card catalog for books .
The purpose was to help people findbooks that were useful , rather than to break any sort of copyright .
And , in fact , studies showed that books that showed up in Google 's search improved sales .
In other words , it should have been a win - win situation all around .
But , like so many content providers , authors and publishers falsely overvalue the content and undervalue services that make that content more valuable .
However , more important that was the simple principle of the whole thing .
Last year the New Yorker ran a fantastic article explaining how having authors and publishers quibble over copyright issues while preventing the widespread archiving and sharing of information may turn out to be one of the most ridiculous arguments ever , while our culture get locked up and fades away .
So , it 's quite upsetting to see Google cave on this .
The settlement does not establish any sort of precedent on the legality of creating such an index of books , and , if anything pushes things in the other direction , saying that authors and publishers now have the right to determine what innovations there can be when it comes to archiving and indexing works of content .
Unfortunately , this was really inevitable .
As was the case with Google caving on YouTube and the Associated Press , it becomes a situation where Google realizes it can throw a little cash at the problem to make it go away -- while also creating a large barrier to entry for any more innovative startup .
From a short - term business perspective this might make sense , but from a long - term business perspective ( and wider cultural perspective ) it 's terrible .
It will only encourage more lawsuits against Google for trying to innovate , as more and more people hope that Google will settle and throw some cash their way .
Furthermore , it greatly diminishes the incentives for making books more useful , and that 's damaging to our cultural heritage .
While it was always silly to believe that Google ever really operated on a higher principled stance , rather than a short - term business focus , this settlement is tremendously disappointing .
Filed Under : book scanning , book search , copyright , culture , settlements
Companies : google
Entrepreneur Mark Gorton wants to do for people what he already helped do for files : move them from here to there in the most efficient way possible using open - source tools .
Gorton , whose LimeWire file sharing software for the open - source gnutella network was at the forefront of the P2P revolution nearly a decade ago , is taking profits earned as a software mogul and spinning them into projects to make urban transportation safer , faster and more sustainable .
You might call it a " P2P - to - people " initiative — these efforts to make cities more people - friendly are partly funded by people sharing files .
That ’s not the only connection between open - source software and Gorton ’s vision for livable cities .
The top - down culture of public planning stands to benefit by employing methods he ’s lifting from the world of open - source software : crowdsourced development , freely - accessible data libraries , and web forums , as well as actual open - source software with which city planners can map transportation designs to people ’s needs .
Such modeling software and data existed in the past , but it was closed to citizens .
Gorton ’s open - source model would have a positive impact on urban planning by opening up the process to a wider audience , says Thomas K. Wright , executive director of the Regional Plan Association , an organization that deals with urban planning issues in the New York metropolitan area .
" 99 percent of planning in the United States is volunteer citizens on Tuesday nights in a high school gym , " Wright says .
" Creating a software that can reach into that dynamic would be very profound , and open it up , and shine light on the decision - making .
Right now , it becomes competing experts trying to out - credential each other in front of these citizen and volunteer boards …
[ Gorton ] could actually change the whole playing field . "
Portland , Oregon has already used his open - source software to plan its bus routes .
San Francisco , whose MUNI bus system is a frequent target of criticism , could be next to get the treatment .
Gorton says he ’s in talks with the city to supply transit routing software for MUNI that will do a much better job of keeping track of where people are going and figuring out how best to get them there .
San Francisco " overpaid greatly " for a badly - supported proprietary closed - source system that barely works , according to Gorton , putting the city under the thumb of a private company that provides sub -par support .
" They ’re frustrated and thinking about replacing it completely , and see the value of open - source because then they wo n’t have any of these support problems , " he said .
" And they wo n’t be constantly at the mercy of the private companies that have these little mini-monopolies . "
The Open Planning Project ( TOPP ) was Gorton ’s first foray into urban planning , in 1999 .
It initially involved an ambitious plan to use open - source software to model public transportation and traffic systems in large cities .
" I was much more naive at the time , " he said .
" I thought , ‘ I can make software .
I ’ll go build an open - source traffic and transportation model , which will show how much better things can be , and then go magically adopt those solutions . "
But humans can be harder to program than machines , and sometimes a human - to - human interface works best .
" We ’ve actually been incredibly successful transforming policy in New York City without any models at all , " he added , though some residents complained about parking spaces morphing into bike lanes .
The quest to bring open - source software to real - world urban planning continued , following the clearance of a key hurdle :
Before you can build a transportation model , you need to know where the roads are .
While public , that data was locked by private software used by public organizations and suffered from an overall lack of standards .
Thus was born GeoServer , an open - source , Java - based software server that lets anyone view and edit geo-spatial data .
Road information can now be painstakingly imported once from proprietary systems or entered from scratch , double - checked by other users , and rolled out to anyone who needs the data .
" It did n’t really exist before , " said Gorton .
" Most of the data was run on software from a company called Esri .
Government agencies have this data , but it ’s all running on proprietary systems and you could n’t get access to it , or it was very hard to get access to it . "
GeoServer now runs in thousands of places around the world for all sorts of reasons , according to Gorton , whenever an online app needs to know where roads are .
Portland , Oregon ’s TriMet bus system is building a multi-modal trip planner using OpenLayers [ updated ] , an open - source visualization tool for GeoServer data , that will let people plan trips involving multiple forms of transportation .
" If you say , ‘ I want to bike to the bus and then walk from there , ’ Google and MapQuest have no idea what you ’re talking about , " Gorton explained .
" But it ’s actually really useful information if you ’re talking about a world where you ’re trying to get people out of their cars . "
The next challenge is to add complexity to the system , so that the modeling software can incorporate more factors .
" All of the modeling technologies that I ’ve worked with and seen so far come with so many caveats , " said the urban planning expert Wright .
" Trying to capture the very very complex systems of urban communities … creates incredible layers of complication .
We ’ve just scratched the surface of the way these [ tools ] are going to transform decision - making and urban planning . "
Although its developers charge $ 70,000 for the full Enterprise version of GeoServer and $ 200 / hour for time spent customizing the OpenGeo stack for a specific application , this is an open - source project .
As such , it borrows from previous work .
The core of Portland ’s trip planning software had already been built by David Emory , a previously unrelated developer who made a similar system for the Atlanta Transit Riders ’ Advocacy & Information Network ( ATRAIN ) .
" Once you have something working in one city , the work it takes to port it to the next is a lot smaller , " said Gorton .
If information and technology comes from the people , the thinking seems to go , perhaps the government will plan better towns and cities for them .
It ’s a nice bit of symmetry .
Here ’s where the livable cities movement is going next , according to Gorton :
1 . More sophisticated open source city models
Planning software will add land use factors , so that towns and cities can ensure that transportation line up better with zoning .
The two issues are intertwined in reality , so the model needs to reflect that .
2. Federal funding could come into play
The Obama administration might pump federal dollars into bike lanes , public space reclamation , traffic calming , and maybe even open - source urban planning projects .
3. Blogs and videos
He funds two social websites : Streetsblog.org , which employs seven full - time reporters and editors who cover " the livable streets movement " and Streetfilms.org , for which a three - person film crew chronicles innovative traffic solutions from around the world .
A typical story on the new San Francisco version of Streetsblog concerns the potential destruction of the bike lane on Octavia .
4 . Buses will become even more like trains
Buses have already learned a few tricks from trains : pre-paid tickets , elevated platforms , multiple doors and dedicated lanes .
Bogota , Columbia recently implemented many of these recommendations ( video ) .
5 . You ’ll become ( more ? ) familiar with " para - transit " and " traffic calming "
Open - source software could coordinate small fleets of vans to replace or supplant bus service in sparse and dense areas by only going where and when people need to go .
Para - transit involves matching people , locations and vehicles in the most efficient way possible , sort of like a big , socially - networked cross between buses ( which follow the same routes each day ) and taxicabs ( which do n’t scale ) .
Meanwhile traffic calming ( video to the right ) involves designing roads to make drivers more mindful of pedestrians and bicyclists while opening up space for non-car activities on what used to be road .
One example is a Manhattan crosswalk on Madison Ave. that used to force pedestrians to traverse a crosswalk as long as two football fields .
The same space now features tables , chairs and bushes where New Yorkers gather to check their e-mail for five seconds already .
See Also :
Photos courtesy of Streetsblog , Mark Gorton , and the Open Planning Project
This new permission has been added at the request of the Wikimedia Foundation , which oversees the Wikipedia project .
The same terms are available to any public wiki that uses materials available under the new license .
The Wikimedia Foundation will now initiate a process of community discussion and voting to determine whether or not to use CC - BY - SA 3.0 as the license for Wikipedia .
" Wikis often import material from a wide variety of sources , many of which use the CC - BY - SA license , " said Brett Smith , licensing compliance engineer at the FSF .
" Wikipedia , however , uses the GNU FDL .
The incompatibility between these two licenses has been an obstacle to moving material back and forth between these sites .
The new provision of FDL version 1.3 will give Wikipedia and other wikis another chance to choose the licensing policies they prefer . "
" We are grateful to the leadership of the Free Software Foundation for taking this important step , " explained Sue Gardner , executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation .
" In doing this , the FSF is giving the Wikimedia community an opportunity to make a licensing decision that honors our mutual commitment to free culture , and best supports the mission and goals of Wikipedia and its sister projects . "
Version 1.3 of the GNU FDL also adopts the license proxy and termination clauses that are part of the GNU General Public License version 3 , released last year .
The full text of the new license , along with more information , is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl-1.3.html.
The text of CC - BY - SA 3.0 is available at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/.
The FSF is still accepting comments as it considers a major revision of the license , FDL version 2.0 .
More information is available at http://gplv3.fsf.org/.
About the FSF
The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software -- particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants -- and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software , and its Web sites , located at fsf.org and gnu.org , are an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support the FSF 's work can be made at http://donate.fsf.org.
Its headquarters are in Boston , MA , USA .
About the Wikimedia Foundation
http://wikimediafoundation.org
The Wikimedia Foundation Inc. is a nonprofit charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth , development and distribution of free , multilingual content , and to providing the full content of its wiki - based projects to the public free of charge .
It operates some of the largest collaboratively - edited reference projects in the world , including Wikipedia , one of the world 's 10 most - visited websites .
The Foundation was created in 2003 by Jimmy Wales , the founder of Wikipedia .
For a full list of projects , visit http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Our_projects.
All projects of the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively developed by volunteers using the MediaWiki software .
All contributions are licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License ( except Wikinews , which is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 ) .
This means their content may be freely used , freely edited , freely copied and freely redistributed subject to the restrictions of that license .
Media Contacts
Brett Smith
Licensing Compliance Engineer
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 542 5942 x18
brett@fsf.org
###
Brown broadside : Shelling of UN in Gaza is indefensible , PM tells Israelis
Israeli PM insists his troops were attacked from UN HQ
Brown slams Israeli attack as ' indefensible '
UN : Death toll in Gaza is ' unbearable '
First cost estimate of Gaza damage hits $ 1.4bn
Israel shelled the UN headquarters in Gaza yesterday - a move condemned as ' indefensible ' by Gordon Brown .
As the bombardment intensified , two hospitals were also hit .
And using unusually strong language , the Prime Minister said : 'UN staff are working on behalf of the international community .
Chaos :
An injured boy is taken to hospital in Gaza after the bombardment on Thursday
' Indefensible ' : A woman flees the UN building in Gaza as fire - fighters battle to put out the flames after an Israeli attack
' Any attack on them is unacceptable , as Israel has acknowledged . '
Hours before , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon had said : ' I conveyed my strong protest and outrage to the defence minister and foreign minister . '
The shelling engulfed in fire the UN compound and a warehouse , destroying thousands of pounds of food and humanitarian supplies intended for Palestinian refugees .
About 700 Palestinians had been sheltering in the building .
Sorry : Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak , left , has apologised to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon , right , over the shelling of the UN compound
Israel 's attack was another blow to efforts to ease the humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip .
The compound houses the UN Works and Relief Agency , which distributes food aid to hundreds of thousands of destitute Gazans in the tiny seaside territory of 1.4 million .
John Ging , director of the Agency 's operations in Gaza , said the attack caused a ' massive explosion ' which wounded three .
Shells first hit the courtyard filled with refugees , then struck garages and the UN 's main warehouse .
Later , fuel supplies went up in flames , sending up a thick black plume of smoke .
UN workers fight to put out the flames inside their headquarters .
The UN claimed Israel had used white phosphorous in the attack
Outside the compound Palestinian fire - fighters joined in the battle to save the UN building
' It 's a total disaster for us , ' Mr Ging said .
The Israeli military knows the precise location of the compound .
But although prime minister Ehud Olmert apologised , he said the bombardment had been in response to fire from Palestinian gunmen at the compound .
The Al - Quds and Red Crescent hospitals , and a tower block housing journalists , were also hit , as the death toll rose to at least 1,073 with more than 5,000 wounded .
Meanwhile , Israeli forces pushed deeper into Gaza city , unleashing their heaviest shelling yet .
Ablaze : Palestinians gather as firefighters try to control the fire after an Israeli airstrike in the Rafah refugee camp
Hamas 's interior minister , Saeed Seyyam , was killed in an air strike .
Analysts believe that Israel is stepping up military operations to complete its action before Tuesday 's inauguration of Barack Obama as U.S. president .
It began the offensive on December 27 , saying it aimed to end Hamas rocket attacks .
Deadly : Flares light up the sky during shelling over Gaza City
Rockets have killed 13 Israelis since then .
Police said 20 rockets hit southern Israel yesterday , injuring ten .
Israel and Hamas have met with Egyptian mediators who are proposing a truce .
But diplomats said the two sides remained at odds over the fine print .
Dazed : Palestinian families flee their homes as the war continued to ravage Gaza
' The gates of Hell ' :
An explosion tears through the sky after an Israeli air strike in Rafah
The liberal pundits who embraced the candidacy of Barack Obama are also eager to issue a death certificate for free market capitalism .
They 're wrong , and they remind me of what the great Willie Nelson once said : " I 'm ragged but I 'm right . "
To be sure , the American people have handed power over to the Democrats .
But today there is a categorical difference between what Republicans stand for and the principles of individual freedom .
Parties are all about getting people elected to political office ; and the practice of politics ...
Craft the perfect gem with Jeweler
I ’ve been working on Jeweler for some time now , but never announced it officially .
That changes now .
This is kind of a long winded intro , so if you want to get to just jump into the action without the explanation , check out the latest README .
Intro
Rubygems are the awesome way of distributing your code to others .
GitHub and git are the best tools for version control of your project .
GitHub can even generate a Rubygem if you include a gemspec .
The trouble is when developing your Rubygems on GitHub , you generally do one of the following :
Manage the gemspec by hand
… why bother doing something by hand when you can automate it ?
Write your own Rake stuff to create the Gem :: Specification and output it to a gemspec file , and deal with keeping the Rakefile and gemspec in sync
… why keep reinventing the wheel for each project ?
Use hoe or echoe for generating the gemspec
… why use tools made for the days before GitHub existed ?
… why have extra stuff you are n’t going to use or want ?
… what ’s with the weird configuration that ’s not particularly well documented except by example ?
Jeweler was created with a few goals in mind :
Only use a Gem :: Specification as configuration
Be one command away from version bumping and releasing
Store version information in one place
Only concern itself with git , gems , and versioning
Not be a requirement for using your Rakefile ( you just would n’t be able to use its tasks )
Use Jeweler to manage Jeweler .
Oh the meta !
Installation
Run the following if you have n’t already :
gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
Install the gem :
sudo gem install technicalpickles - jeweler
Configuration for an existing project
Armed with the gem , we can begin diving into an example .
the - perfect - gem was setup as a simple example and showcase :
begin require ' jeweler ' Jeweler :: Tasks .
new do | s | s . name = " jeweler " s . executables = " jeweler " s . summary = " Simple and opinionated helper for creating Rubygem projects on GitHub " s . email = " josh@technicalpickles.com " s . homepage = " http://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler " s . description =
" Simple and opinionated helper for creating Rubygem projects on GitHub " s . authors = [ " Josh Nichols " ] s . files = FileList [ " [ A - Z ] * " , " {bin , generators , lib, test} / **/* " , ' lib/jeweler/templates/.gitignore ' ] s . add_dependency ' schacon - git ' end rescue LoadError puts " Jeweler , or one of its dependencies , is not available .
Install it with : sudo gem install technicalpickles - jeweler -s http://gems.github.com "
end
Here ’s a rundown of what ’s happening :
Wrap everything in a begin block , and rescue from LoadError
This lets us degrade gracefully if jeweler is n’t installed
Create an instance of Jeweler : : Tasks
It gets yielded a new Gem :: Specification
This is where all the configuration happens
Things you definitely need to specify : name
Things you probably want to specify : summary email homepage description authors
Things you can specify , but have defaults files , defaults to FileList [ " [ A - Z ] *.* " , " {bin , generators , lib , test , spec} / **/* " ]
Things you should n’t specify : version , because Jeweler takes care of this for you Other things of interest executables , if you have any scripts add_dependency , if you have any dependencies Keep in mind that this is a Gem : : Specification , so you can do whatever you would need to do to get your gem in shape .
See the reference for more details .
Bootstrap a new project
Before proceeding , take a minute to setup your git environment , specifically setup your name and email for git and your username and token for GitHub :
$ git config -- global user.email johndoe@example.com $ git config -- global user.name ' John Doe ' $ git config -- global github.user johndoe $ git config -- global github.
token 55555555555555
Jeweler provides a generator , jeweler .
It requires only one argument , the name of a repo you want to create .
It also takes a few options :
– shoulda : generate shoulda - based tests ( this is the default )
–bacon : generate bacon - based tests
–summary SUMMARY : specify the summary to use
–create - repo : create the repo on GitHub and enable rubygems for it
Putting it all together looks like :
$ jeweler -- create - repo -- summary " Oh so perfect " the - perfect -gem
The effect is this :
Creates the the - perfect - gem directory
Seeds it with some basic files :
. gitignore , with the usual suspects predefined
, with the usual suspects predefined Rakefile , setup with tasks for jeweler , test , rdoc , and rcov
, setup with tasks for jeweler , test , rdoc , and rcov README , with your project name
, with your project name LICENSE , MIT , with your name prefilled
, MIT , with your name prefilled test / test_helper , setup with shoulda , mocha , and a re-opened Test : : Unit :: TestCase
, setup with shoulda , mocha , and a re-opened test / the_perfect_gem.rb , placeholder failing test
, placeholder failing test lib / the_perfect_gem.rb , placeholder library file
, placeholder library file Initializes a git repository
Sets up git@github.com :johndoe/jeweler.git as the origin git remote
as the git remote Makes an initial commit
Creates up a new repository on GitHub and pushes to it ( omit – create - repo to skip this )
Enables RubyGems for the repository
Overview of Jeweler workflow
Here ’s the general idea :
Hack , commit , hack , commit , etc , etc
Version bump
Release
Have a delicious scotch
The hacking and the scotch are up to you , but Jeweler provides rake tasks for the rest .
Versioning
Versioning information is stored in VERSION.yml .
It ’s a plain YAML file which contains three things :
major
minor
patch
Consider 1.5.3 .
This maps to :
major == 1
minor == 5
patch == 3
Your first time
When you first start using Jeweler , there wo n’t be a VERSION. yml , so it ’ll assume 0.0.0 .
If you need some arbitrary version , you can do one of the following :
rake version : write MAJOR=6 MINOR=0 PATCH=3
Write VERSION.yml by hand ( lame )
After that
You have a few rake tasks for doing the version bump :
$ rake version : bump: patch # 1.5.1 -> 1.5.2 $ rake version : bump:minor # 1.5.1 -> 1.6.0 $ rake version : bump:major # 1.5.1 -> 2.0.0
If you need to do an arbitrary bump , use the same task you used to create VERSION.
yml :
$ rake version : write MAJOR=6 MINOR=0 PATCH=3
The process of version bumping does a commit to your repo , so make sure your repo is in a clean state ( ie nothing uncommitted ) .
Release it
It ’s pretty straight forward :
$ rake release
This takes care of :
Generating a . gemspec for you project , with the version you just bumped to
for you project , with the version you just bumped to Commit and push the updated .
gemspec
Create a versioned tag
Push the tag
Play the waiting game
How do you know when your gem is built ?
Has My Gem Built
Yet was specifically designed to answer that question .
If it happens to be down , you can also check out the GitHub Gem repo ’s list .
Just search for yourname - yourrepo .
Putting it all together
# hack , hack , hack , commit , etc $ rake version : bump : patch release
Now browse to http://hasmygembuiltyet.org/yourname/yourproject, and wait for it to be built .
Finale
You should have a good idea of what Jeweler is all about by now .
It makes gem creation an impulse action .
It makes managing versions of gems nice and automated .
Oh , and did I mention it is the GitHub recommended way for maintaining your gem ?
Now go forth , and craft the perfect gem .
Flags of the World
Discover the flags of the world with Flagpedia.net , an actively updated website for more than 12 years .
About us
Teaser trailer for the feature remake of 9 , courtesy of Apple :
9 takes place in a world parallel to our own , in which the very legacy of humanity is threatened .
A group of sapient rag dolls , living a post - apocalyptic existence find one of their own , 9 ( Elijah Wood ) , who displays leadership qualities that may help them to survive .
Score heard in latter half of trailer is " Welcome Home " from the band Coheed and Cambria .
Duration
2 min 4 sec
Views
1,658,479
Posted On
December 23 , 2008 Director
Shane Acker
Writer
Shane Acker
Studio
Focus Features
Release
September 9 , 2009 Cast
Christopher Plummer
Martin Landau
Wendy Reid
John C. Reilly
Crispin Glover Trailer Tracks
" Welcome Home "
Coheed and Cambria
" The Captain "
The Knife
" Welcome Home " " The Captain " Focus Features
Action
CG Animation
Teaser
Remake
info
discussion
exploit
solution
references Mozilla Firefox / Thunderbird / SeaMonkey Multiple Remote Vulnerabilities
Bugtraq ID : 32882 Class : Unknown CVE : CVE - 2008 -5500
CVE -2008-5501
CVE -2008-5503
CVE -2008-5504
CVE -2008-5505
CVE -2008-5506
CVE -2008-5507
CVE -2008-5508
CVE -2008 -5510
CVE -2008 -5511
CVE -2008 -5512
CVE -2008 -5513
CVE -2008-5502
Remote : Yes Local : No Published : Dec 16 2008 12:00 AM
Updated : May 07 2015 05:02 PM Credit : Daniel Veditz , Jesse Ruderman , David Baron , Boris Zbarsky , moz_bug_r_a4 , Hish , Marius Schilder of Google Security , Chris Evans , Chip Salzenberg , Justin Schuh , Tom Cross , Peter William , Gary Kwong , and Kojima Hajime .
Vulnerable : Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 lpia
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS lpia
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.10 sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.10 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.10 lpia
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.10 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.10 amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.04 sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.04 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.04 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 7.04 amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS amd64
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10 SP2
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise SDK 10 SP2
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop 10 SP2
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 10 SP2 DEBUGINFO
SuSE openSUSE 11.4
SuSE openSUSE 10.3
Sun Solaris 10_x86
Sun Solaris 10_sparc
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_99
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_96
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_95
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_94
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_93
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_92
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_91
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_90
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_89
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_88
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_87
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_86
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_85
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_84
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_83
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_82
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_81
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_80
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_78
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_77
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_76
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_68
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_67
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_64
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_61
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_59
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_57
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_50
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_104
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_103
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_102
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_101a
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_101
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_100
Slackware Linux 10.2
Slackware Linux 12.2
Slackware Linux 12.1
Slackware Linux 12.0
Slackware Linux 11.0
Slackware Linux - current
S.u.S.E. openSUSE 11.1
S.u.S.E. openSUSE 11.0
S.u.S.E. Novell Linux POS 9
S.u.S.E. Novell Linux Desktop 9.0
RedHat Enterprise Linux WS 4
RedHat Enterprise Linux WS 3
RedHat Enterprise Linux WS 2.1 IA64
RedHat Enterprise Linux WS 2.1
RedHat Enterprise Linux ES 4
RedHat Enterprise Linux ES 3
RedHat Enterprise Linux ES 2.1 IA64
RedHat Enterprise Linux ES 2.1
RedHat Enterprise Linux Desktop Workstation 5 client
RedHat Enterprise Linux Desktop version 4
RedHat Desktop 4.0
RedHat Desktop 3.0
RedHat Advanced Workstation for the Itanium Processor 2.1
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Desktop 5 client
Red Hat Enterprise Linux AS 4
Red Hat Enterprise Linux AS 3
Red Hat Enterprise Linux AS 2.1 IA64
Red Hat Enterprise Linux AS 2.1
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 Server
Pardus Linux 2008 0
Pardus Linux 2007 0
Nortel Networks Self - Service Peri Workstation 0
Nortel Networks Self - Service Peri Application 0
Nortel Networks Self - Service MPS 1000 0
Nortel Networks Self - Service Media Processing Server 0
Nortel Networks Self - Service - CCSS7 0
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .9
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .8
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .6
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .5
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .4
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .17
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .16
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .15
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .14
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .13
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .12
Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0.0.18
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.13
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.12
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.11
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.10
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.9
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.8
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.7
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.6
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.5
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.4
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.3
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.2
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.1
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.9
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.8
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.7
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.6
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.5
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.3
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.2
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0.1
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.0
Mozilla Firefox 3.0.4
Mozilla Firefox 3.0.3
Mozilla Firefox 3.0.2
Mozilla Firefox 3.0.1
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .9
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .8
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .7
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .6
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .5
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .4
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .3
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .17
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .16
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .10
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .1
Mozilla Firefox 3.0
Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.2
Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.18
Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.15
Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.14
Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.13
Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.12
Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.11
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 RC3
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 RC2
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 beta 1
Mozilla Firefox 2.0
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2009.0 x86_64
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2009.0
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2008.1 x86_64
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2008.1
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 4.0 x86_64
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 3.0 x86_64
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 3.0
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 4.0
Debian Linux 4.0 sparc
Debian Linux 4.0 s/390
Debian Linux 4.0 powerpc
Debian Linux 4.0 mipsel
Debian Linux 4.0 mips
Debian Linux 4.0 m68k
Debian Linux 4.0 ia -64
Debian Linux 4.0 ia -32
Debian Linux 4.0 hppa
Debian Linux 4.0 arm
Debian Linux 4.0 amd64
Debian Linux 4.0 alpha
Debian Linux 4.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server MM3.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 4.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 3.1
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 2.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 1.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server
Avaya Message Networking MN 3.1
Avaya Message Networking 3.1
Avaya Message Networking
Avaya Intuity AUDIX LX 2.0
Avaya Intuity AUDIX LX 1.0
Avaya Interactive Response 4.0
Not Vulnerable : Mozilla Thunderbird 2.0 .19
Mozilla SeaMonkey 1.1.14
Mozilla Firefox 3.0.5
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 20
Mozilla Firefox 2.0 .19
Why I celebrate Christmas , by the world 's most famous atheist
Author and scientist Richard Dawkins has admitted he loves Christmas carols - and celebrates Christmas every year with his family
Scientist and atheist Richard Dawkins has admitted he does celebrate Christmas - and enjoys singing traditional Christmas carols each festive season .
The writer and evolutionary biologist told singer Jarvis Cocker that he happily wishes everyone a Merry Christmas - and used to have a tree when his daughter was younger .
Dawkins , one of the most famous atheists in the world , was interviewed by Sheffield born Cocker when he stepped in as a Christmas guest editor on Radio Four 's Today programme .
' I am perfectly happy on Christmas day to say Merry Christmas to everybody , ' Dawkins said .
' I might sing Christmas carols - once I was privileged to be invited to Kings College , Cambridge , for their Christmas carols and loved it .
' I actually love most of the genuine Christmas carols .
I can't bear Jingle Bells and Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer and you might think from that that I was religious , that I can't bear the ones that make no mention of religion .
But I just think they are dreadful tunes and even more dreadful words .
I like the traditional Christmas carols . '
Cocker , the former frontman for Britpop band Pulp , said he was also a fan of Christmas traditions .
' I am the same in a way , ' he told Dawkins .
' I really like the kind of peripheral things about Christmas .
I like the smell of tangerines and the smell of the tree and to pull crackers . '
Dawkins said his family had a typical Christmas celebration each year like so many others .
' We are not kill joys , we are not scrooges , ' he said .
' We give each other presents and when my daughter was a bit younger we would have a tree .
We do n't now .
' We go to my sister 's house for Christmas lunch which is a lovely big family occasion .
Everybody thoroughly enjoys it .
No church of course .
Dawkins , who pulled a cracker with Cocker on Tuesday 's Today programme , said he drew the line at dressing up as Father Christmas .
And he said even as a child his questioning mind made him unpopular with other parents .
' My very first Christmas , maybe my second Christmas , there was a man called Sam who apparently dressed up as Father Christmas , ' he said .
' All the children loved it , all completely fooled by Father Christmas being there .
' Eventually he said : ' Ho ho ho , it 's time for me to go , ' back to Greenland or wherever he comes from , so he left .
Then I , the youngest of all of them , said : ' Sam 's gone ' and completely gave the game away to all the other children . '
2008 : Marie Smith Jones , a chief of the Eyak Indian tribe in Alaska , dies .
With her dies the Eyak language .
Chief Marie , 89 , was the last person to speak this tribal tongue , which she learned from her parents as a little girl .
She was also the last full - blooded Eyak .
Following her elder sister 's death in the 1990s , Chief Marie , now the lone native Eyak speaker , kept the language alive with the help of linguist Michael Krauss .
He 'd begun working with Chief Marie in 1962 .
Because Eyak 's eventual demise could be foreseen , it became kind of a poster child in the battle against language extinction .
Eyak , a branch of the Na - Dené language , was — like many aboriginal tongues — spoken only in a small , local area .
In this case , it was found in south central Alaska , centered near the mouth of the Copper River .
The spread of English certainly played a role in the decline of Eyak , but the real nail in the coffin came from the Tlingit , another aboriginal tribe that first came into contact with the Eyak through migration and eventually subsumed the former 's culture .
Tlingit , another offshoot of the Na - Dené phylum , became predominant as the two cultures merged .
The matter of language extinction has become more acute in a world made smaller by technology .
Linguists are divided over whether this is a good or bad thing .
Those seeking preservation say that each language represents an entree into individual cultures , including insights into local knowledge .
Those who would let a fading language go extinct argue that the fewer languages around to muddle understanding , the better .
Source : Wikipedia , Alaska Public Radio
“ Matt ’s relationship status has been changed to ‘ single ’ :( . ”
The first time I saw this on Facebook I nearly choked on my bagel .
Not only was Matt experiencing the black pit we call “ breaking up , ” but he had to face the uncomfortable reality that his new status was being shared in real - time with 437 of his friends , co-workers , and associates .
I felt terrible for him , even thought about giving him a consolatory call … until I found out from a mutual friend that his status change was actually his cowardly method for breaking up with his girlfriend .
No phone call , no meeting , just a quick status change to let his partner know that things just were n’t working out .
The amazing part of this story is that most of you reading it probably are n’t all that shocked .
It ’s not the first time you ’ve heard of this dastardly deed or something similar .
Somewhere along the line it became acceptable to hide behind the curtain of technology when faced with the unpleasantness of ending a relationship .
There ’s no doubt that breaking up is hard .
We ’ve all been there .
The awkwardness , hurt feelings , disappointment and vows of future singleness often play out like a heartbreaking movie scene — except it ’s real , and instead of getting to fast forward to the happy ending , you ’re stuck in the queasy - stomach present .
The truth is , no one likes a breakup , but ending relationships well is a necessary part of life and a skill every man should know how to carry out with dignity and respect .
The following are some guidelines to follow when faced with ending a relationship .
These guidelines will hopefully help you end a relationship like a man , rather than a Matt :
1 ) Talk Early and Often –
The time of the actual breakup should not be the first time your partner is made aware that you have issues with how things are going .
A good friend of mine is fond of saying that relationships are much like driving a car .
As long as small steering corrections are made as one rolls down the road , a large jerk of the wheel should never be required .
So , rather than staying silent and suffering through a dreadful relationship until you ca n’t take it anymore , bring up issues with your partner as they come along .
The prospect of conflict can be incredibly uncomfortable for some , but everyone deserves to hear where they are falling short .
Real men are n’t afraid to clearly communicate their grievances when it is necessary .
If the relationship must be ended , your partner may still be hurt , but at least you will be able to lay out a strong case as to why you would be better apart than together .
2 ) Always End It in Person – There is nothing more cowardly and pathetic than ending a relationship over the phone , or even worse , through an e-mail or text message .
Yet , more and more men are finding this an acceptable medium for cutting ties .
If you ca n’t handle the prospect of ending a relationship in person , you should n’t start one in the first place .
Set a time and place to meet , and make sure that you give her your full attention ( no texting or checking e-mail in the middle of the discussion ) .
She deserves it .
Will the situation be awkward and uneasy ?
Absolutely .
But , being a man means giving everyone you enter into a relationship with the basic respect that comes with a face - to - face discussion .
3 ) Be Clear –
The breakup is not the time to be vague or mysterious .
Your lady friend will most likely want some specific reasons why you want to end the relationship , so be ready to provide them .
A non-answer like , “ I ’m just not feeling it anymore , ” only shows that you are either a coward or a narcissist , but definitely not a man .
You do n’t necessarily need a record of wrongs , but having a mental list of things that led you down this road will help the discussion move in the right direction .
One of the most telling signs that a break - up was not handled in the proper manner is when your partner walks away still unsure of exactly where the relationship stands or why things played out the way they did .
A real man will leave a relationship settled in a way that the woman understands why things were ended – she may not agree , but she is not confused , and if there are things for her to work on , she knows about them .
4) Be Considerate –
While clarity is necessary , being cruel is not .
Breaking up is hard enough without being demeaned or berated in the process .
The breakup is not the time to be telling her that the dress she wore on your anniversary actually did make her look fat or that you ’ve met dogs with better breath .
If possible , point out some of the positive things that came out of the relationship .
Unless it was awful from beginning to end , there are most likely some good attributes of your partner that can be mentioned .
In the end , try to be as much of a gentleman when ending the relationship as you were when you started it .
5 ) No Hanging Chads –
No one likes uncertainty .
Remember the hanging chad controversy during the 2000 presidential election ?
The most frustrating aspect of the situation was not being able to tell who citizens had actually voted for .
In the same way , men often leave the relationship in an unsettled manner with words that indicate a possibility of picking things up again in the future .
Is it over ?
Is it not ?
No one knows .
While phrases like , “ Maybe down the road , ” or “ Just not right now , ” may seem like a kinder , gentler way of breaking up , they are actually quite cruel if they are not an accurate representation of your feelings .
It may sound brutal , but if you do n’t see the relationship ever going anywhere , do n’t leave even a glimmer of hope when you breakup .
If you are n’t clear , your partner may think you ’re simply wanting a break , that things will come around when you ’ve had a little time to cool down .
She ’ll spend her time waiting on you to get through your “ phase ” while all along you ’re wanting to get far , far away .
Be fair to your partner and cut ties completely so they can go on with their lives and you can go on with yours .
Thanks to everyone that sent us pics of this .
It 's hard to get emotional about Vikings head Brad Childress ' son going into the Marines when there 's all this flaccid black cock staring me in the face .
Pretty sure Heidi Klum has the same problem when she 's taping Project Runway , but we 're getting off - topic .
I 'm not sure if this was in the Vikings ' locker room after their win against Detroit or if this came from one of those cruise ships in 2005 .
This would be a good time to point out that , yes , the images after the jump are not safe for work .
Advertisement
Here we go .
Advertisement
Man , I 'd hate to be Chris Cooley right now .
But who is it ?
KOGOD thinks it might be this guy , but I really can't tell at all .
Either way , I sure hope Coach Childress does n't catch wind of any of this .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Whoops .
The weekend 's almost over , people .
Enjoy your penis while you can , and thanks a ton to everyone that sent in images !
Censored image via the delightfully puritanical TSB
June 24 , 2008  -- Senior Justice Department officials violated federal law and internal guidelines by improperly using political considerations to make hiring decisions for two competitive employment programs , an internal investigation has found .
The review , conducted by the department 's inspector general and Office of Professional Responsibility -- both internal department watchdogs -- has concluded that many graduates at the top of their classes from the nation 's best law schools were deselected from the highly competitive Justice Department Honors Program and the Summer Law Intern Program because of their political leanings or because of their affiliation with perceived liberal groups .
In one instance , a candidate who graduated at the top of his or her class at Harvard Law was denied a Justice Department job because of past work for the Council on American Islamic Relations .
The report also notes that Michael Elston , former deputy chief of staff to the deputy attorney general , told a member of the search committee to weed out " Wackos " and " Wack Jobs . "
Allegations about improper hiring practices in the programs surfaced in an anonymous April 2007 letter sent to Congress signed by " A Group of Concerned Department of Justice Employees . "
The claim prompted the internal review .
The issue surfaced after the U.S. attorneys scandal , in which Democratic lawmakers charged that the department fired at lease nine of the prosecutors for political reasons , began to unravel , and scrutiny focused in on then - Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ' management of the department .
" This joint report exposes the wrongdoing that occurred , and provides recommendations on how to prevent the improper infusion of partisan politics into the workings of the Honors Program and the Summer Law Intern Program in the future , " Marshal Jarrett , the chief counsel of the Justice Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility , wrote .
The DOJ review examined the hiring criteria used for the programs in 2002 and 2006 when a high number of applicants were deselected .
As part of the 2002 review , the inspector general found that , while a higher proportion of candidates with Democratic affiliation were deselected based on information on their applications , the inspector general " found no other evidence that the members of the screening committee intentionally considered political or ideological affiliations in making their deselections , and the committee members all denied doing so . "
The investigation did not find major issues or concerns about the deselection process from 2003 - 2005 , but focuses on the actions of the selection committee in 2006 when Gonzales was the attorney general .
The 2006 screening committee was chaired by Elston and Esther Slater McDonald , a political appointee who served as counsel to the associate attorney general .
McDonald was a graduate of Pensacola Christian College and attended Notre Dame Law School .
The report also mentions Daniel Fridman , a career Justice official and assistant U.S. attorney from the Southern District of Florida , on detail to the deputy attorney general 's office .
The report notes that Fridman expressed reservations about the selection process .
" Fridman told us that , after his conversation with Elston , he was concerned and uncertain about what he was supposed to do .
He did not understand what Elston meant by ' wackos ' or ' wack jobs , ' or how he was supposed to identify a candidate who fell within Elston 's definition of those terms .
" Fridman said he had ' serious questions ' about whether such a review was even appropriate . "
Seeking clarification according to the report , " Fridman said Elston told him that , when he asked Fridman to weed out ' wackos and wack jobs , he meant he wanted us to weed out extremists on either side of the ideological spectrum . ' "
The report found that the number of honors program candidates and summer interns deselected was so significant that component heads in Justice Department divisions became concerned about the process , noting that " several component hiring officials said that the large number of apparently high quality SLIP [ Summer Law Intern Program ] candidates who were deselected , led them , in the absence of any explanation , from the screening committee , to suspect that political or ideological affiliations played a role . "
" The department 's screening committee inappropriately used political factors when considering the hiring of career attorneys , when merit should have been the sole criteria .
These actions undermined confidence in the integrity of department 's hiring processes , " Justice Department Inspector General Glenn Fine said in a statement Tuesday .
According to the report , McDonald was assigned to the selection committee only weeks after having joined the Justice Department in late 2006 .
In a Nov. 29 , 2006 e-mail , McDonald had noted one candidate was unacceptable because he belonged to a " leftist " group , writing , " Poverty and Race Research Council actively works to extend racial discrimination through increased affirmative action and , while there , [ the candidate ] helped draft [ a ] document arguing that federal law requires recipients of federal funding to seek actively to discriminate in favor of minorities ( racial , language , and health ) , rather than merely to treat all applicants equally . "
In an instance , when Fridman noted his concerns , the report documented McDonald 's criteria .
" One candidate was at the top of his class at Harvard Law School and was fluent in Arabic .
McDonald 's written notations indicated that she had concerns about the candidate because he was a member of the Council on American Islamic Relations , and that she had placed the application in the questionable pile .
Fridman said he wrote on the application that this candidate was at the top of his class at Harvard , and was exactly the type of person DOJ needed . "
The review added how McDonald also used Internet searches , saying , " Fridman learned that McDonald was obtaining additional information about candidates on the Internet when he saw notations by McDonald providing information that was not contained in the candidate 's application .
When Fridman asked McDonald how she obtained the additional information , she told him she conducted searches on Google and MySpace , and read law review articles written by the applicants . "
As the head of the approval process , Elston , when he was interviewed by the inspector general , " stated that he wished he had been ' more proactive and more protective of the department 's reputation . ' "
" ... We concluded that Elston violated federal law and department policy by deselecting candidates based on their liberal affiliations , " the report continued .
The report notes that , while both officials violated the law " because both McDonald and Elston have resigned from the department , they are no longer subject to discipline by the department for their actions . "
Elston might have been influential in deciding which prosecutors would be dismissed .
According to the inspector general , McDonald declined to be interviewed by the inspector general and resigned from her Justice Department job the day before her interview with the inspector general was to take place .
McDonald had been hired by Monica Goodling , who served as counselor to Gonzales , and was a central figure in the controversial plan to fire the U.S. attorneys last year , which resulted in Gonzales ' resignation and the departure of many in the top ranks of the department .
Calls to McDonald were not returned Tuesday , and e-mails to Elston from ABC News were not returned .
Senate Judiciary Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D - Vt. , said the report " confirms our findings and our fears that the same senior department officials involved with the firing of United States attorneys , were injecting improper political motives into the process of hiring young attorneys .
I suspect further reports from the inspector general will continue to shed light on the extent to which the Bush administration has allowed politics to affect -- and infect -- the department 's priorities . "
In response to the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey said in a statement , " The Department overhauled its honors program and summer law intern program hiring processes last year , and I am pleased that the report remarked positively on these institutional changes .
I have also made clear , and will continue to make clear , that the consideration of political affiliations in the hiring of career department employees is impermissible and unacceptable . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US regulators have cleared the way for the world 's first study on human embryonic stem cell therapy .
The US Food and Drug Administration have been considering the 21,000 page application for months .
The decision by the FDA to give the go - ahead comes at a symbolic moment , just days after the inauguration of President Barack Obama .
Since 2001 there have been limits on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research .
The decision of the FDA is independent of White House control , but the new president is widely expected to adopt a more pragmatic and science - oriented approach to stem cell research .
The knowledge that will be gained in this first clinical trial deploying embryonic stem cell derived material will accelerate the development of all future stem cell therapies
Professor Chris Mason , University College London Under President Bush , federal funding had been limited to around 60 stem cell lines created from embryos destroyed prior to August 2001 .
Scientists had warned that only 20 eligible cell lines remained useful for research and many of these were problematic .
Researchers had told the BBC that the restrictions had slowed down their work .
Controversy Geron Corp , the company behind the research , plans to initiate a clinical trial in a handful of patients paralysed due to spinal cord injury .
Interest in use of embryonic stem cells is due to their ability to turn into any of the body 's 200 cell types .
Using embryos donated through IVF treatment scientists have coaxed the stem cells inside into many types of tissue .
One embryo can provide a limitless supply because the cell lines can be grown indefinitely .
But the use of human embryonic stem cells in research is controversial with some campaigners saying it is unethical .
Geron , a biotech company based in " silicon valley " south of San Francisco , has spent $ 170 m on developing a stem cell treatment for spinal cord injury .
The research will use cells coaxed to become nerve cells which are injected into the spinal cord .
In animal trials of the treatment , paralysed rats regained some movement .
Company chief Dr Tom Okarma said : " What stem cells promise for a heart attack or spinal cord injury or diabetes is that you go to the hospital , you receive these cells and you go home with a repaired organ , that has been repaired by new heart cells or new new nerve cells or new islet cells that have been made from embryonic stem cells . "
The cells being used in the trial are derived from the H1 human embryonic stem cell line , which was created before 9 August 2001 and thus eligible for federal research funding .
However , Geron received no federal funding for the studies leading up to the clinical trial or to support the trial itself .
' Pivotal decision ' Professor Chris Mason , an expert in regenerative medicine at University College London , described the FSA decision as " historic " and a " pivotal milestone in the development of embryonic stem cell therapies .
He said : " The knowledge that will be gained in this first clinical trial deploying embryonic stem cell derived material will accelerate the development of all future stem cell therapies . "
Professor Pete Coffey , director of the London Project to cure blindness , said : " It 's great news for the field .
" This strengthens our recent call for regulators in the UK to help provide a clear process for researchers to take this forward .
" It 's also exciting for me because it brings our own moves towards clinical trials with embryonic stem cells for age - related macular degeneration a step forward . "
Professor Robin Lovell - Badge , of the MRC National Institute for Medical Research , said it often took 15 to 20 years to develop a therapy .
" It takes a long time and much work to derive processes that will efficiently and reproducibly give an appropriate cell type for grafting and many animal experiments to test efficacy and safety .
" An appropriate set of patients have to be identified for the first tests and clinicians willing to participate in trials .
" And the regulatory hurdle is , understandably , a huge one - in this case it required 21,000 pages of documents . "
He added that for those patients desperate for treatment , and for their families , the news showed the research is moving in the right direction .
But Josephine Quintavalle , director of Comment on Reproductive Ethics ( Core ) , which opposes embryonic stem cell therapies , dismissed the research as " highly speculative " .
" The work is at a highly experimental stage and there 's still a question mark over the capacity of these cells to form tumours , " she said .
" What worries me is that patients will really believe this is going to cure their spinal injury . "
She pointed out that other research teams in Australia and Portugal were developing spinal therapies using adult stem cells .
" We 've never changed our point of view , which is that embryonic stem cell treatments cannot ever be justified , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
HOW quickly HIV turns into AIDS might depend on an individual 's DNA .
Some variations in the DNA in mitochondria , the parts of cells that generate energy , seem to make AIDS develop twice as fast as others .
Stephen O'Brien from the National Cancer Institute in Frederick , Maryland , and colleagues examined data from five long - term studies tracking a total of 1833 people with HIV during the 1980s and early 1990s .
This was before antiretroviral therapy ( HAART ) was commonly used , so the team could follow the disease 's development without intervention .
By studying the time it took for the subjects to develop AIDS - related diseases and linking it to their genetic information , the team found that some mitochondrial DNA genotypes are associated with rapid development of AIDS .
For example , subjects with specific sets of variations known as U5a1 and J haplogroups progressed to AIDS at twice the average rate of the studied population .
In contrast , people with the H3 haplogroup progressed less than twice as slowly : ( AIDS , DOI : 10.1097 / QAD.0b013e32831940 bb ) .
This supports existing theories that mitochondria are implicated in the progression of HIV / AIDS .
The virus kills immune cells by triggering cell suicide , which appears to happen more easily in cells with mitochondria that generate less energy .
" Having less energy available seems to exacerbate the effects of the disease , " says team member Sher Hendrickson .
The U5a1 and
J haplogroups seem to be responsible for this lack of energy .
That means mitochondrial DNA tests could one day give an accurate prognosis for people with HIV , although further work on other genetic and environmental influence factors would be necessary first , says Hendrickson .
The research could also determine when an individual should start HIV therapy .
" Mitochondrial DNA types may suggest which patients are more susceptible and should start HAART earlier than currently recommended , " says Andrew Lever , who studies HIV at the University of Cambridge .
The findings also suggest that screening mitochondrial DNA may help doctors choose the best combination of drugs .
Source : New Scientist
A Russian professor at an Ohio university has applied to patent a method for snuffing out hurricanes by flying jet fighters around the eye of the storm at supersonic speeds .
Professor Arkadii Leonov and his collaborator Atanas Gagov , both of Akron Uni , actually filed their patent application " Hurricane Suppression by Supersonic Boom " last year .
It was unearthed by the New Scientist patents column this week .
Do jet fighters have enough poke for the eye of the storm ?
" To a side observer a hurricane / typhoon looks like as a giant machine , whose parts all work in unison to maintain its steady and stable functioning , " write the two boffins .
Their idea is essentially to disrupt one or more parts of the hurricane machine by the use of sonic booms - the conical shockwaves which trail behind objects moving faster than sound .
The simplest and easiest way to produce a large sonic boom at present is to use a jet fighter , and this is the method suggested by Leonov and Gagov .
According to the two boffins :
Given their nature , supersonic booms are potentially very efficient in hurricane / typhoon suppression , mitigation and / or elimination .
This is because , while not wishing to be bound to any one theory , supersonic booms destabilize and / or destroy the two major dynamic features of a hurricane / typhoon - steady maximum rotational speed in the eye wall area and the pressure deficiency located at / near a hurricane 's / typhoon 's vertical axis of revolution .
For example , two F - 4 jet fighters flying at approximately Mach 1.5 are sufficient , in one embodiment , to suppress , mitigate and / or destroy a typical sized hurricane / typhoon .
Of course , larger or smaller hurricanes / typhoons may necessitate the need for more or less supersonic capable aircraft .
The profs do n't specify how long the two Phantoms would have to circle the eye in order to choke off the hurricane , but this could be a problem .
Most supersonic jets need to use afterburners to go faster than Mach 1 , which uses up their fuel very rapidly .
There are a few planes , for instance the new F - 22 Raptor ( and the appropriately - named Eurofighter Typhoon ) which can " supercruise " - fly supersonic without afterburner - but this still uses fuel quickly compared to subsonic flight .
Even if you had supercruising jets , they might not be able to stay fast for long at the altitudes required by Leonov and Gagov .
Some at least of the proposed flight plans call for low - altitude work above the sea .
A diagram attached to the patent app suggests that fighters might have to fly as many as six circuits of a storm centre , on an elliptical track 600 by 100 km in dimension .
This does seem likely to mean that fuel endurance would be an issue .
Anyway , technical questions like this rather pale into insignificance beside the obvious one .
Why patent such an idea , as opposed to say writing an academic paper ?
Do Leonov and Gagov hope to charge fees to governments using " their " proprietary hurricane - busting tactic ?
It 's all very odd . ®
Away from the pomp and circumstance of Barack Obama 's swearing in , a more discreet changing of the guard is taking place across Washington , DC .
Thousands of George Bush 's appointees will be clearing out their desks today and heading back to Texas .
In their place will come wave after wave of tough - minded political operators from across America , but particularly from Chicago , who secured Barack Obama 's victory through grit and determination .
Every new president brings an infusion of new talent , and team Obama is already making its presence felt around the city .
As the accents change , so too does the geography ; if you want to glimpse the new power - brokers at work and play , there 's no point hanging around in Bush - era watering holes , restaurants and coffee bars .
The first surprise for new arrivals is the realisation of how segregated Washington is , with whites in the north - west and blacks everywhere else .
But already the political centre of gravity is shifting away from the suburbs to urban areas around what is known as the U Street Corridor .
An evocative address for jazz fans , U Street and surroundings once accommodated the nation 's major African - American community until Harlem outgrew it in the 1920s .
Now , the district 's advantage is financial : it 's a cheap place to live .
You can rent an apartment for two for $ 1,200 a month ; not far away , in Dupont Circle , you 'd pay twice that .
U Street is a multicultural hub teeming with restaurants , bars and other hangouts , much more in keeping with the Obama ethos of change .
By day , the foot soldiers of Obama 's revolution can be seen in the city 's Starbucks coffee shops and Caribou restaurants , availing themselves of the free broadband while they look for work .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Some , like Obama 's speechwriter Jon Favreau , already have jobs .
While waiting for the transition , he set up shop in Starbucks to write the speeches Obama has given over the past three days .
Those bright sparks yet to find an official role are seen clutching what is known as the " Plum Book " – the maroon - covered publication officially entitled " The United States Government Policy and Supporting Positions " .
It lists vacant positions in the new government .
But finding a job in a new administration often turns out to be more about luck , so the wannabes are already busying themselves by hanging out in political watering - holes such as Bullfeathers .
For more senior Obama staffers – many veterans of Bill Clinton 's second term – the city is being explored for other reasons , such as getting their children into the city 's top private schools and settling into the quiet suburbs .
But , whether they 're in a coffee shop at the crack of dawn or taking a stroll along a residential avenue , the dramatis personae of the Obama era will probably have work on their minds .
The working hours for those on the lower rungs of the ladder are extraordinarily long .
" On the campaign , they worked 24/ 7 , " said Michelle Hartman , an Obama supporter from Chicago : " Now , they 've been told to expect to work 24/ 8 . "
COLUMBIA HEIGHTS WASHINGTON SPORTS CLUB
3100 14th St NW
At 7:35 am one summer ’s day last year , Barack Obama arrived unannounced at this sports club .
As he strode in ( with a few Secret Service agents in tow ) , a member of the gym ’s staff , Takehia Wheeler , asked him to produce his membership card .
“ Last name ? ” she asked .
He replied : “ Obama . ” “ And your first name is … ? ” she said before flushing with embarrassment .
He spent about 20 minutes on the treadmill and did some arm curls with weights before heading to the airport
NINETEENTH STREET BAPTIST CHURCH
4606 16th St NW
Founded in August 1839 , this church is now located on 16th street , some four miles north of the White House .
On Sunday , the Obama motorcade showed up at the church , which was packed with 250 parishioners who whooped for joy as the soon - to - be First Family arrived .
If this becomes the regular church for the Obamas there will be a watchful eye on the pastor , Dr Derrick Harkins , to ensure he does n’t embarrass Obama , as the Reverend Jeremiah Wright did back in Chicago with his “ God damn America ” sermonising
TABARD INN
1739 N St NW
A favourite of political operatives .
You will find them chatting in front of the hotel bars ’ roaring open fire , planning ways to get their hands on the $ 800bn in federal funds being handed out by the Obama administration as it tries to kick - start the economy back into life .
It has comfortable leather sofas and is decorated with old prints and maps
BUSBOYS & POETS
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
2021 14th St NW
Busboys is perfect for the new liberal aristocracy who have moved into town .
It ’s a left - of - centre bookshop with tomes about the American Communist Party sitting side - by - side with the Nobel Prize - winning economist and columnist Paul Krugman , whose book ‘ The Return of Depression Economics ’ is flying off the shelves .
The attached restaurant specialises in southern dishes like catfish , and the barmen serve deadly dry martinis .
There is also free WiFi and the restaurant 's communal tables are usually busy with Obama staffers catching upon their emails as they wolf down the soul food
EQUINOX
818 Connecticut Ave NW
The President - elect brough this wife to Equinox for her 45th birthday last week , and everyone in the restaurant sang “ Happy Birthday ” as she received a special dessert from the chef .
It ’s also a favourite of the singer Bono , who was in town for his free concert on Sunday and will be looking for money for development aid .
No one can recall seeing George Bush dine out in Washington , although Dick Cheney often caused a security commotion outside his favourite Georgetown restaurants
MARIE REEDRECREATION CENTER
2200 Champlain St NW
Where will the President gethis sweat on ?
Will it be the Marie Reed Recreation Centre or the Columbia Heights Washington Sports Club ?
Last week , Obama came to Marie Reed , a somewhat dilapidated sports club , to shoot hoops with his pals .
The regular members have been on the lookout for him ever since
POLITICS & PROSE
5015 Connecticut Ave NW
The crowd here is a lot more staid than at Busboys , but this is probably the best political bookshop in America , with prominent authors giving talks almost every night of the week .
The coffee shop downstairs not only serves decent espresso , but several authors use it as their writing den and can be seen pounding out their daily 3,000 words
OFF THE RECORD
One Lafayette Square NW
This cosy spot is in the basement of the Hay Adams Hotel , where the Obama family stayed last week .
The bar is a favourite of lobbyists and political operators as it is just across a small park from the White House .
Many of the high - powered people coming to see the President are likely to be staying at the Hay Adams , and come 6 pm , and as soon as the stars and stripes have been lowered , they will be popping in for their sundowners
HOWARD UNIVERSITY
2400 6th St NW
This is the epicentre of black student life in Washington and near the U Street Corridor where the young Obama staffers are most likely to congregate .
It ’s teeming with black - owned clubs , pubs and restaurants , and is where Washington ’s centre of gravity is already shifting .
It ’s all down to economics .
Sharing an apartment near Dupont Circle will cost $ 1,200 per head , while over near Howard University it ’s likely to be $ 600 per person .
The Obama political machine is famously thrifty and , on the campaign trail , staffers were given a miserable daily allowance
SOUL DAY SPA AND SALON
25 Florida Ave NW
Nicole Cober - Blake , a 37 - year - old African - American former lawyer , is one of the many salon owners in the city who have been trying to attract Michelle Obama and her friends .
This sleek , upscale spa offers underarm waxing for a mere $ 15
BEN ’S CHILI BOWL
1213 U St NW
Ben ’s Chili Bowl is a great place for a late - night snack .
Obama was there last week with the mayor of DC , Adrian Fenty .
The 50 - year - old institution was a favourite of Bill Cosby when he was a young performer in the city , and the owners , Ben and Virginia Ali , claim that Cosby courted his wife Camille there in the early 1960s .
When riots swept through Washington following the assassination of Martin Luther King in 1968 , Ben ’s remained open throughout , feeding both the activists and the firefighters and police who were trying to restore order
THE UPTOWNTHEATRE
3426 Connecticut Ave NW
The Uptown is where the young politicos go to travel back in time to see a movie in 1950s style .
The seats are big and plush , and it has a balcony .
It ’s been showing ‘ Frost / Nixon ’ for the past month – and there ’s no sign of the run ending
BREADLINE
1751 Pennsylvania Ave NW
A two - minute walk from the White House , early - morning visitors to this bakery should keep their eyes peeled for the Obama speech writer JonFavreau grabbing a “ trinacria sausage sandwich ” ( $ 7.55 ) for his lunch .
Everything in this huge lunch den is freshly baked , and many in the Obama crowd already love it .
It ’s fast food that ’s also authentic and traditional
BULLFEATHERS
410 First St SE
Bullfeathers has a 40 ft bar — and a three - hour “ happy hour ” to tempt Congressional staffers and their friends .
One of the best ways to make connections with political movers and shakers is to buy a round for the hard - working , stressed - out staffers who frequent watering holes within walking distance of the cubicles
MANUSH
Street NW , between 20th and 21st Streets
The line at Manush ’s goes at a snail ’s pace , as Manush himself loves talking to his customers about philosophy as much asselling the hot dogs they ’ve come here to buy .
Young politicos flock to him .
Based near the State Department , his flame - cooked hot dogs and pretzels are among the best in DC .
It ’s the best place to watch the enthusiastic young staffers chill out after their 60 - or 70 - hour weeks
Leonard Doyle is The Independent US Editor
Schumer signals support for prosecution of Bush officials David Edwards and Jeremy Gantz
Published : Sunday January 25 , 2009
Print This Email This Echoing Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi 's words one week ago , New York Sen.
Charles Schumer said Sunday that he could support prosecution for Bush officials who participated in torture or broke other laws .
" If there are egregious cases , I do n't think you can say , blanket , no prosecutions , " Schumer told Fox 's Chris Wallace Sunday morning .
" If there are egregious cases , yes , you have to look at them . "
Last Sunday on the same television show , Pelosi signaled that she 's open to backing prosecutions of Bush administration officials , telling Wallace that " you look at each item and see what is a violation of the law ... "
But Schumer was far from aggressive , repeating President Obama 's comment earlier this month that " we should be looking forward , not backward . "
President Obama said two weeks ago that he was not ruling out possible prosecution for abuses committed under the George Bush administration , saying no one " is above the law . "
" We 're still evaluating how we 're going to approach the whole issue of interrogations , detentions , and so forth , " then President - elect Obama said in a TV interview when asked about alleged abuses under Bush .
" Obviously we 're going to be looking at past practices and I do n't believe that anybody is above the law , " he said .
With wire reports .
This video is from Fox 's Fox News Sunday , broadcast Jan. 25 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Today , we are listing another collection of open - source applications that you probably want to know to use in your daily life or did not know before .
You may not find them between the top of the list projects and many of projects are not listed here but over all the list has variety of projects for every one to run their business process in a much cost effective way .
This is the list of 11 Useful Open - Source Apps You Should Know About .
You are welcome to share if you know more Open - Source Applications that our readers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed .
You would be interested in these older posts
11 Free Windows Programs Alternatives For Linux
19 Most Essential Open Source Applications That You Probably Want To Know
17 Wonderful Free Tools To Make Designers Lives Easier !
17 Online Free Web Based Applications That You Probably Would Love To Use !
17 Online Free Web Based Applications That You Probably Love To Use !
21 Online Free Web Based Applications That You Probably Would Love To Use Every Day !
23 Free And Online Web Based Applications Specially If You Are Designer Or Developer
6 Free Tools To Help You Run Windows Applications On Linux
15 Free Tools For Mac OS X You Should Bookmark
OrangeHRM
Free and open source human resource management software with rich features and easy to use interface .
It provides a perfect platform for re-engineering and aligning your HR processes along with the organizational goals .
Magento
Magento is the eCommerce software platform for growth that promises to revolutionize the industry .
It ’s modular architecture and unprecedented flexibility means your business is no longer constrained by your eCommerce platform .
Kaltura
Kaltura is the first open source video platform for online video management , creation , interaction and collaboration .
Kaltura enables sites to integrate advanced interactive rich - media functionalities .
Concrete5
Concrete5 is a content management system .
Concrete5 is easy for site owners to use , flexible for developers to work with , and runs a wide variety of powerful websites .
Tellmatic
Tellmatic is the newsletter machine that is a PHP based script to send newsletters .
Use a generic browser like Seamonkey or Firefox to comfortably manage your addresses , forms and newsletters online .
MindTouch
MindTouch Deki is the most robust and popular enterprise collaboration platform .
With MindTouch Deki your enterprise can improve productivity with wiki collaboration , build gorgeous and engaging community portals , create and collaborate around dashboards , dynamic reports and mashups with social enterprise collaboration .
xTuple
PostBooks is a full - featured , fully - integrated accounting , ERP , and CRM system , based on the award winning xTuple ERP Suite .
It provides the ultimate in power and flexibility for a range of businesses and industries .
GroupOffice
GroupOffice helps you to take your office online , share projects , calendars , files and e-mail online with co-workers and clients .
Easy to use and fully customizable , Group - Office takes online colaboration to the next level .
Inforama
Inforama is an Open Source document automation system .
Use it to create document templates which are merged with data at runtime to create professional , high - quality PDF documents .
Support Incident Tracker
Support Incident Tracker ( or SiT ! ) is a Free Software / Open Source ( GPL ) web based application which uses PHP and MySQL for tracking technical support calls / emails .
Manage contacts , sites , technical support contracts and support incidents in one place .
Vmukti
VMukti is leading Asterisk / Yate enabled web video conferencing application for Web / PSTN .
It is world ’s first open source mashable PBX and meeting platform for home and office having features like multipoint audio / video , desktop sharing , whiteboard .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
The Golden Rule states that you should do onto others as you would like others to do onto you .
Virtually every religion and philosophy relating to how people should behave has incorporated the Golden Rule .
Note : Some of these are closer to the silver rule " At least do no harm . "
All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you , do ye so to them ; for this is the law and the prophets .
- Matthew 7:1
Do not do to others what you would not like yourself .
Then there will be no resentment against you , either in the family or in the state .
- Analects 12:2
Hurt not others in ways that you yourself would find hurtful .
- Udana - Varga 5,1
This is the sum of duty ; do naught onto others what you would not have them do unto you .
- Mahabharata 5,1517
No one of you is a believer until he desires for his brother that which he desires for himself .
- Sunnah
You shall love your neighbor as yourself .
- Leviticus 19 , 18
What is hateful to you , do not do to your fellowman .
This is the entire Law ; all the rest is commentary .
- Talmud , Shabbat 3id
Hurt no one so that no one may hurt you .
- Muhammad
Regard your neighbor ’s gain as your gain , and your neighbor ’s loss as your own loss .
- Tai Shang Kan Yin P’ien
That nature alone is good which refrains from doing another whatsoever is not good for itself .
- Dadisten - I- dinik , 94,5
The following article is a Work In Progress .
At present nobody is working on this article .
If nobody is specifically working on this page , you are invited to help edit it and make it better .
Description : I hope you have room in your heart for a puppy like me .
I give lots of love and I 'd sure hope to ...
It ’s been a long time since any mathematical content was posted on this blog .
This is in part because I have been diverting my mathematical efforts more to the Tricki ( not to mention my own research ) , and indeed the existence of the Tricki means that this blog will probably become less active , though I may publish some Tricki articles here as well .
But there are certain quasi- philosophical questions that I want to discuss and that are better discussed here .
I have already written about one of my favourites : when are two proofs essentially the same ?
Another that is closely related is the question of how it can be that two mathematical statements are equivalent to each other and yet one is clearly “ stronger ” .
This phenomenon will be familiar to all mathematicians , but here is an example that illustrates it particularly well .
( The example is also familiar as a good example of the phenomenon ) .
Hall ’s theorem , sometimes known as Hall ’s marriage theorem , is the following result .
Let be a bipartite graph with finite vertex sets and of the same size .
A perfect matching in is a bijection such that and are neighbours for every .
Given a subset , the neighbourhood of is the set of all vertices in that are joined to at least one vertex in .
A trivial necessary condition for the existence of a perfect matching is that for every subset the neighbourhood is at least as big as , since it must contain , which has the same size as .
This condition is called Hall ’s condition .
What is not trivial at all is that Hall ’s condition is also sufficient for the existence of a perfect matching .
Here ’s one of the shortest proofs .
Let be a bipartite graph with vertex sets and of size and suppose by induction that the result is true for all bipartite graphs with smaller vertex sets .
Now we split into two cases .
If there is a proper subset with , then by induction we can find a perfect matching from to .
Let be the complement of in .
Then any subset has at least neighbours in , or else would have fewer than neighbours .
So we can find a matching from to as well .
Putting the two together gives a perfect matching of and .
Now suppose that for every proper subset .
In that case we can pick an arbitrary and let be an arbitrary neighbour of .
Let and let .
Then since we have removed just one vertex from , the restriction of to the vertex sets and satisfies Hall ’s condition , so by induction we have a perfect matching of and and again we are done .
There can be no doubt that one of the directions of this equivalence is trivial compared with the other .
And we are also tempted to say that the condition that has a perfect matching is “ stronger ” than Hall ’s condition , since it trivially implies it .
So Hall ’s theorem has the flavour of obtaining a strong conclusion from a weak hypothesis .
But how can this be if the hypothesis and conclusion are equivalent ?
Before thinking about how to answer this question , it is perhaps a good idea to think about why exactly it seems mysterious , if indeed it does .
This would be my suggestion .
Normally when we say that condition P is stronger than condition Q we mean that P has consequences that Q does not have , or , more simply , that some objects satisfy Q without satisfying P .
For example , the condition that a natural number is an odd prime is stronger than the condition that it is odd .
But here we find ourselves wanting to say that one graph property is stronger than another even though the two properties have precisely the same consequences and pick out precisely the same set of graphs .
The solution to this little puzzle seems to be that it depends on a confusion between actual logical consequences and what we can easily perceive to be logical consequences .
Or at least , that ’s one suggestion for a solution , though I ’m not sure I ’m entirely satisfied by it .
It does at least cover the case of Hall ’s theorem : we could say that the existence of a perfect matching is psychologically stronger than Hall ’s condition , since it trivially implies , and is not trivially implied by , Hall ’s condition .
But I ’d like to say something more “ objective ” somehow , and not tied to what people happen to find easy .
To see what I might mean by this , consider another difference between the two conditions .
If you were asked to check whether some bipartite graph satisfied Hall ’s condition , what would you do ?
You could check the sizes of the neighbourhoods one by one , but there are exponentially many of them , so this would not be an appealing prospect .
Alternatively , you could use a well - known polynomial - time algorithm that finds perfect matchings when they exist .
This would clearly be much better .
Is there some precise sense in which an efficient check that a graph satisfies Hall ’s condition “ has to ” find a perfect matching ?
Another thought is that Hall ’s theorem is false for infinite graphs .
For instance , if you let and both be and join in to all of , and all other in to , then Hall ’s condition is satisfied but there is no perfect matching .
On the other hand , the existence of a perfect matching still trivially implies Hall ’s condition .
So we can generalize the two conditions in a natural way and we find that one is now stronger than the other in the precise formal sense .
( It seems unlikely that we can do something like this systematically for all examples where one direction of an equivalence is trivial and the other hard .
But it would be interesting to come up with other equivalences where it can be done . )
Since I ’m throwing out questions here , I may as well mention the fact that is rarely talked about but is surely noticed by almost all mathematicians , which is that the notion of equivalence itself is used in an informal way .
Why do n’t we say that Fermat ’s last theorem is equivalent to the four - colour theorem ?
After all , here ’s a proof that FLT implies 4CT ( in ZFC ) : obviously FLT+ZFC implies ZFC , and we know that ZFC implies 4CT .
And similarly in the opposite direction .
An answer to this question takes us back to ideas that were discussed in some of the responses to the post on sameness of proofs : one would like to say that when mathematicians talk of one statement implying another , the implication should not be “ homotopic ” to a silly implication such as the one just given of 4CT from FLT .
( I feel some kind of structural property should be involved and not mere length of proof , but that is just a feeling that I can’t back up in any adequate way . )
One final remark is that questions of this kind show just how incomplete a picture of mathematics was provided by some philosophers early in the twentieth century , who held that it was merely a giant collection of tautologies .
The way that tautologies relate to each other is fascinating and important , so even if one believes that mathematics consists of tautologies , the “ merely ” is unacceptable .
It should be said that this particular view of mathematics went out of fashion fairly soon after it came into fashion , so it does n’t really need attacking , but it would be interesting to develop this particular line of attack .
Indeed , I ’m fairly sure that theoretical computer scientists can say something precise about how Boolean tautologies relate to each other : that could perhaps provide a good toy model for “ sensible ” implications and “ non-obvious ” directions of equivalences .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
It 's not just oil and gasoline prices that have been plunging since last summer .
The December natural gas price ( $ 5.81 per million BTUs ) was less than half of the June price of $ 12.69 ( see chart above ) .
The 54 % drop from the June 2008 peak brings natural gas prices to the lowest levels since 2006 .
By Fidel Castro Ruz
December 4 , 2008 -- Following Barack Obama ’s speech , on May 23 , 2008 , to the Cuban American National Foundation established by Ronald Reagan , I wrote a reflection entitled `` The empire ’s hypocritical policy ' ' .
In that reflection I quoted his exact words to the Miami annexationists : “ [… ] together we will stand up for freedom in Cuba ; this is my word and my commitment [… ]
It 's time to let Cuban American money make their families less dependent upon the Castro regime . [… ]
I will maintain the embargo . ”
I then offered several arguments and unethical examples of the general behaviour of the presidents who preceded the one who would be elected to that position in the November 4 elections .
I wrote :
I find myself forced to raise various sensitive questions : 1 . Is it right for the President of the United States to order the assassination of any one person in the world , whatever the pretext may be ?
2 . Is it ethical for the President of the United States to order the torture of other human beings ?
3 . Should state terrorism be used by a country as powerful as the United States as an instrument to bring about peace on the planet ?
4 . Is an Adjustment Act , applied as punishment on only one country , Cuba , in order to destabilise it , good and honourable , even when it costs innocent children and mothers their lives ?
If it is good , why is this right not automatically granted to Haitians , Dominicans , and other peoples of the Caribbean , and why is n’t the same Act applied to Mexicans and people from Central and South America , who die like flies against the Mexican border wall or in the waters of the Atlantic and the Pacific ?
5 . Can the United States do without immigrants , who grow vegetables , fruits , almonds and other delicacies for Americans ?
Who would sweep their streets , work as servants in their homes or do the worst and lowest - paid jobs ?
6 . Are crackdowns on illegal residents fair , even as they affect children born in the United States ?
7 . Is the brain - drain and the continuous theft of the best scientific and intellectual minds in poor countries moral and justifiable ?
8 . You state , as I pointed out at the beginning of this reflection , that your country had long ago warned European powers that it would not tolerate any intervention in the hemisphere , reiterating that this right be respected while demanding the right to intervene anywhere in the world with the aid of hundreds of military bases and naval , aerial and special forces distributed across the planet .
I ask : is that the way in which the United States expresses its respect for freedom , democracy and human rights ?
9 . Is it fair to stage pre-emptive attacks on 60 or more dark corners of the world , as Bush calls them , whatever the pretext may be ?
10 .
Is it honourable and sound to invest millions upon millions of dollars in the military industrial complex , to produce weapons that can destroy life on Earth several times over ?
I could have included several other issues .
Despite the caustic questions , I was not unkind to the African American candidate .
I perceived he had greater capacity and command of the art of politics than his adversaries , not only in the opposing party but in his own , too .
Last week , the US president - elect Barack Obama announced his Economic Recovery Program .
On Monday , December 1 , he introduced his national security and foreign policy teams :
“ Vice - president - elect Biden and I are pleased to announce our national security team [ … ] old conflicts remain unresolved , and newly assertive powers have put strains on the international system .
The spread of nuclear weapons raises the peril that the world 's deadliest technology could fall into dangerous hands .
Our dependence on foreign oil empowers authoritarian governments and endangers our planet . ”
“ … our economic power must sustain our military strength , our diplomatic leverage , and our global leadership . ”
“ We will renew old alliances and forge new and enduring partnerships [ … ]
American values are America 's greatest export to the world . ”
“ … the team that we have assembled here today is uniquely suited to do just that . ”
“ … these men and women represent all of those elements of American power [ … ] they have served in uniform and as diplomats [… ] they share my pragmatism about the use of power , and my sense of purpose about America 's role as a leader in the world . ”
“ I have known Hillary Clinton … ” , he says .
I am mindful of the fact that she was president - elect Barack Obama ’s rival and the wife of US President Bill Clinton , who signed the extraterritorial Torricelli and Helms Burton Acts against Cuba .
During the presidential race she committed herself with these laws and with the economic blockade .
I am not complaining , I am simply stating it for the record .
“ I am proud that she will be our next Secretary of State ” , said Obama .
“ [ She ] will command respect in every capital ; and who will clearly have the ability to advance our interests around the world .
Hillary 's appointment is a sign to friend and foe of the seriousness of my commitment … ”
“ At a time when we face an unprecedented transition amidst two wars , I have asked Robert Gates to continue as Secretary of Defense … ”
“ [… ]
I will be giving Secretary Gates and our military a new mission as soon as I take office : responsibly ending the war in Iraq through a successful transition to Iraqi control . ”
It strikes me that Gates is a Republican , not a Democrat .
He is the only one who has been defence secretary and director of the Central Intelligence Agency , that is , he has occupied these positions under both Democratic and Republican administrations .
Gates , who is aware of his popularity , has said that first made sure that the president - elect was choosing him for as long as necessary .
On the other hand , while Condoleezza Rice was travelling to India and Pakistan under Bush ’s instructions to mediate in the tense relations between these two countries , two days ago , the minister of defence from Brazil gave the green light to a Brazilian company to manufacture MAR - 1 missiles , but instead of one a month , as had been the case until now , it will produce five every month .
One hundred of these missiles will be sold to Pakistan at an estimated cost of 85 million euros .
In a public statement , the minister said that “ these missiles that can be attached to planes have been designed to locate ground radars .
They allow the effective monitoring of both the ground and air space . ”
As for Obama , he continued unflappable his Monday statement : “ And going forward , we will continue to make the investments necessary to strengthen our military and increase our ground forces to defeat the threats of the 21st century . ”
On Janet Napolitano , he indicated : “ [ She ] offers the experience and executive skill that we need in the next Secretary of Homeland Security … ”
“ Janet assumes this critical role having learned the lessons – some of them painful – of the last several years , from 9/11 to Katrina [ … ]
She understands as well as anyone the danger of an insecure border .
And she will be a leader who can reform a sprawling Department while safeguarding our homeland . ”
This familiar figure had been appointed a district attorney in Arizona by Clinton in 1993 , and then promoted to state attorney general in 1998 .
Later on , in 2002 , she became a Democratic Party candidate and then governor of that bordering state , which is the most common incoming route used by illegal immigrants .
She was elected governor in 2006 .
About Susan Elizabeth Rice , he said : “ Susan knows that the global challenges we face demand global institutions that work …
We need the UN to be more effective as a venue for collective action – against terror and proliferation ; climate change and genocide ; poverty and disease . ”
On National Security Advisor James Jones he said : “ [… ]
I am convinced that General James Jones is uniquely suited to be a strong and skilled National Security Advisor .
Generations of Joneses have served heroically on the battlefield – from the beaches of Tarawa in World War II , to Foxtrot Ridge in Vietnam .
Jim 's Silver Star is a proud part of that legacy [ … ]
He has commanded a platoon in battle , served as Supreme Allied Commander in a time of war [ he means NATO and the Gulf War ) , and worked on behalf of peace in the Middle East . ”
“ Jim is focused on the threats of today and the future .
He understands the connection between energy and national security , and has worked on the frontlines of global instability – from Kosovo to northern Iraq to Afghanistan . ”
“ He will advise me and work effectively to integrate our efforts across the government , so that we are effectively using all elements of American power to defeat unconventional threats and promote our values . ”
“ I am confident that this is the team that we need to make a new beginning for American national security . ”
Obama is somebody we can talk to anywhere he wishes since we do not preach violence or war .
He should me reminded , though , that the stick and carrot doctrine will have no place in our country .
None of the phrases in his latest speech shows any element of response to the questions I raised last May 25 , just six months ago .
I will not say now that Obama is any less smart .
On the contrary , he is showing the mental faculties that enabled me to see and compare his capacity with that of his mediocre adversary , John McCain , who was almost rewarded for his “ exploits ” merely due to the traditions of US society .
If it had not been for the economic crisis , television and the internet , Obama would not have won the elections against the omnipotent racism .
It also helped that he studied first in the University of Columbia , where he graduated in political sciences , and then in Harvard where he graduated as a lawyer .
This enabled him to become a member of the modestly rich class with only several million dollars .
He is certainly not Abraham Lincoln , nor are these times similar to those .
That society is today a consumer society where the saving habits have been lost while the spending habit has multiplied .
Somebody had to offer a calm and serene response even though this will have to swim up the powerful stream of hopes raised by Obama in the international public opinion .
I only have two more press dispatches left to analyse .
They all carry news from everywhere .
I have estimated that only the United States will be spending in this economic crisis over US $ 6 trillion in paper money , an amount that can only be assessed by the rest of the peoples of the world with their sweat and hunger , their suffering and blood .
Our principles are the same as those of Baraguá .
The empire should know that our homeland can be turned to dust but the sovereign rights of the Cuban people are not negotiable .
[ This article first appeared at http://www.cuba.cu/gobierno/reflexiones/2008/ing/f041208i.html.]
Gordon Brown was interrupted by his own mobile phone in the middle of a news conference at the World Economic Forum in Davos .
Milk ’s ooey - gooey double - chocolate cookies Total time : 40 minutes , plus 1 hour chilling time for the batter Servings : 1 1/2 dozen Note : Adapted from Bret Thompson of Milk in Los Angeles .
1/4 pound ( 4 ounces ) unsweetened chocolate 4 tablespoons ( 1/2 stick ) butter 3 eggs 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1 cup sugar 1 / 2 cup flour 2 tablespoons cocoa powder 1 / 2 teaspoon baking powder 1 / 2 teaspoon salt 1 pound bittersweet chocolate ( chunks or chips ) 1 . In a bowl set over a pot of simmering water , melt the unsweetened chocolate and butter .
Remove from the heat and cool slightly .
2 . In the bowl of a mixer with a paddle attachment , or in a large bowl using a fork , combine the eggs , vanilla and sugar .
Mix just until incorporated and set aside .
3 . Sift together the flour , cocoa powder , baking powder and salt into a medium bowl .
Set aside .
4 . Add the melted chocolate to the egg mixture and mix just until combined .
Stir in the sifted dry ingredients and mix just until combined , then stir in the bittersweet chocolate .
5 . Cover the batter with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to chill thoroughly .
Heat the oven to 350 degrees .
6 . Divide the dough into 18 portions .
Grease your hands ( to prevent the dough from sticking ) and shape the portions into balls .
Place the balls on a greased , parchment - lined sheet pan , leaving 2 to 3 inches between each .
7 . Bake until the edges of the cookies are just set and the center is still soft , 10 to 12 minutes , rotating the pan halfway through .
Place the cookies , still on the parchment , on a rack and cool completely before serving .
They will be very soft .
Each cookie : 251 calories ; 4 grams protein ; 29 grams carbohydrates ; 3 grams fiber ; 18 grams fat ; 9 grams saturated fat ; 42 mg. cholesterol ; 92 mg. sodium .
Got an S.O.S. request ?
Send it to noelle.carter@latimes.com or Culinary SOS , Food , Los Angeles Times , 202 W. 1st St. , Los Angeles , CA 90012 .
Please include your name , city of residence and phone number .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As government and industry scrambled to stem the housing crisis , another 84,868 homes were lost to foreclosure in October , according to a report released Thursday .
Last month 279,561 struggling borrowers received foreclosure filings , including default notices , notices of auction sales and bank repossessions , according to RealtyTrac , an online marketplace for foreclosures .
That 's a 5 % increase from September , and up 25 % from October 2007 .
" October marks the 34th consecutive month where U.S. foreclosure activity has increased compared to the prior year , " said James J. Saccacio , chief executive officer of RealtyTrac , in a statement .
A total of 936,439 homes have been lost to foreclosure since the housing crisis hit in August , 2007 .
Foreclosures hit a record high in August when 304,000 homes were in default and 91,000 families lost their houses .
Since then , a number of states have adopted legislation to freeze foreclosures and give homeowners a chance to modify their mortgages .
These laws have helped slowed the rate of foreclosures .
" The really sobering reality for us is that despite these various state programs that are artificially keeping the numbers down , we are still up 25 % from a year ago , " said Rick Sharga , senior vice president of RealtyTrac .
Making matters worse is the rapidly deteriorating economy , says Global Insight economist Pat Newport .
" It seems almost every day you hear about another company planning further layoffs , " said Newport .
When people lose their jobs , they can't make mortgage payments .
And while some homeowners are defaulting because they 've fallen on hard times , Newport says that others have simply stopped paying their mortgages .
" Falling home prices are providing an incentive for them to walk away from their homes simply because it just is n't worth it , " he said .
Home prices have been on a steep decline , with 20 major markets plunging a record 16.6 % year - over - year in August according to the most recent data from Case - Shiller .
That index has recorded declines for 25 consecutive months .
State laws slow foreclosures
A new law in California , one of the hardest - hit states in the housing crisis , requires banks to contact struggling homeowners 30 days before delivering a notice of default in order to give them time to restructure their plans .
Thanks to that legislation , foreclosures in the state fell 18 % from September .
But California still had the highest number of foreclosures in the country for October , logging 56,954 filings .
That total was down from a peak of more than 100,000 filings in August , but up 13 % from October 2007 .
Clearly the housing crisis is not relenting .
" While the intention behind this legislation - to prevent more foreclosures - is admirable , " said Saccacio , " without a more integrated approach that includes significant loan modifications , the net effect may be merely delaying inevitable foreclosures . "
The delays may also be masking the problem , said Saccacio .
" The apparent slowing of foreclosure activity understates the severity of the foreclosure problem in these states , " he said .
Nevada had the highest rate of foreclosures of any state for the 22nd consecutive month in October , with one in every 74 housing homes receiving a foreclosure filing .
Arizona had the second highest rate in October , with one in every 149 housing units in default .
Florida was third , with one in every 157 homes there in default .
Banks and government step up
Both government agencies and a handful of major lenders have recently introduced new foreclosure prevention programs , but it will take a while before they have an impact .
" It took us the first half of the decade to get into this problem , " said Sharga , " so it is probably going to take a couple of years to get out . "
On Tuesday the Federal Housing Finance Agency , which oversees mortgage giants Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) , unveiled a new program to help eligible borrowers stay in their homes by lowering their monthly payments to 38 % of gross household income .
And on Monday Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) announced the Citi Homeownership Assistance Program , which it says will modify $ 20 billion worth of loans for 130,000 borrowers .
Similar housing rescue initiatives were unveiled recently by FDIC - controlled IndyMac Bank , which says it will help as many as 40,000 homeowners , as well as Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , which estimates it can rescue 630,000 homes and JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , which expects to help another 400,000 families .
The moves are promising .
" This is finally a step in the right direction , " said Sharga .
" Those are the kind of programs we need to see executed to see the number of foreclosures slow down . "
Hurdles remain , including home loans that will be much harder to modify because they 've been packaged and securitized into investments .
And Sharga notes that fixing existing loans is only part of the equation ; banks must resume lending to new borrowers .
" Just freeing up some funds for qualified home buyers would make a huge difference in getting the housing market back on its feet , " he said .
Mike Larson , a real estate analyst with Weiss Research , added that falling home prices and the slowing economy will also create strong headwinds for any government relief program .
" You can certainly fix some of these mortgages , you can certainly try to slow the foreclosures , " said Larson , " but until home prices stabilize and the economy gets back on its feet , it is going to be a tough slog . "
USA : Offshore Web Hosting Destination
Offshore Web Hosting : Meaning
Offshore Web Hosting in general means getting the site organized in a far off location .
Hosting of the website done on a server that physically resides in a different country than the business location .
The reasons range from better charges and safety to more complex features .
Offshore hosting has become a practical substitute for anyone looking to find hosting for a website .
Offshore Web Hosting Solutions are a better priced and affordable way to go for online companies .
There is nothing unpleasant about offshore hosting , and many of the biggest and most famous business and websites in the world take hosting offshore services .
Offshore Hosting and web design are 3 - 5 times lesser than anywhere else .
Other than the price , quality also plays an important role .
The basic hosting packages are same or similar to the inshore ones .
It is viable that the user wo n’t even notice the difference between the two once the web pages are served .
USA Offshore Web Hosting
Offshore web hosting service providers set up their server in different countries .
Many web hosts offer the client choice of several different countries in which to host the site like India , Hong Kong , Malaysia , China , Singapore , and the USA .
Selecting the web hosting in the USA is picking up the pace .
The USA may not be technically offshore if the client is state based , but according to a study , USA is proving to be to most exciting destination for web hosting .
The reasons behind this preference explained later .
With more than 10 % US unemployment rates , competent and experienced resources are willing to work for less .
For some customers , getting offshore hosting signifies more choice and flexibility .
Your data is secured , safe and is getting a global presence .
The main reason for opting US web hosting is COST and TECHNOLOGY .
Business clients in developing countries choose USA web hosting due to a high degree of security and reliability that hosting in a developed country grants .
The differences in available hardware can be astounding as USA web hosting providers tend to more inclined to offer customization choices in hardware configuration rather than providing a few determined hardware setups .
This often results in getting a better quality server at a lower price .
Advantages of Servers Located in the USA
The data centers in the US are massive which provides remarkable economy of scale and hence , proves to be of low cost for the user .
Bandwidth prices in the US are comparatively lower than most of the countries .
A tax rate is another pro for hosting in the USA , where the rates are much lower .
The cost of data center gear and equipment is also less that slashes the operational costs .
It is a known fact that the data centers in the USA are more experienced than other countries .
With the advent of globalization , USA market is also preferred by worldwide markets and hosting in the US will be an added advantage for the company .
USA offshore hosting provides protection to prevent a person ’s identity from being known and granting total anonymity .
Businesses that operate in areas that are prone to natural disasters can take advantage of USA offshore hosting to prevent the loss of their servers and critical data in the event of the catastrophe .
They can host entirely in another country or just mirror their servers to provide a reliable backup for any of their sensitive material .
USA hosting provides an excellent method for backing up data for companies that are n’t prone to natural disasters as well .
By selecting the USA as the preferred host provider vouchers the client of cutting - edge technology in comparatively low prices .
No wonder , the best hosting is from the USA !
MONTREAL – Parti Quebecois Leader Pauline Marois can thank Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Quebec - bashing for helping to push sovereignty to the fore in the provincial election campaign .
Former PQ premier Bernard Landry says Harper 's attacks on the ``separatist coalition " which includes the Bloc Quebecois , could have an impact on Monday 's vote .
" It 's possible that people who may or may not be sympathizers of the Bloc will be drawn to the Parti Quebecois , " Landry said Thursday .
But it remains to be seen whether Premier Jean Charest 's chances of a majority government will really be affected .
Harper toned down his rhetoric slightly on Thursday after meeting with Gov. Gen. Michaelle Jean and getting her approval to prorogue Parliament .
The prime minister acknowledged the Bloc has a legitimate place in the Commons as an elected party .
Political scientist Harold Chorney says the prime minister is playing a dangerous game and his anti-Bloc rhetoric will reinvigorate the Parti Quebecois .
He agrees with Landry there will be some spillover from Ottawa after some Conservatives suggested it was treason to build a coalition with separatists .
" There will be some voters who are sort of tentative Bloquistes , who do n't vote for them all the time , who might go over to the Parti Quebecois because they are deeply offended , " he said .
But Chorney added he does not expect Harper 's controversial remarks to change opinion polls which suggest Charest 's Liberals were headed for a majority government .
" They 've been confident about a majority , but you never know in Quebec , " he said .
" I assume Mr. Charest is going to win , I assume he is going to win effectively and we 'll see what kind of majority he gets .
" I do n't think that this time it's in the cards for Madame Marois to become premier of Quebec . "
Marois says the comments Harper directed at the " separatists " of the Bloc Quebecois could mobilize sovereigntists .
" If this crisis has had the effect of waking up soverigntists who had dozed off a bit , I say all the better , " she told reporters Thursday in Montreal .
She said the prime minister is the architect of his own misfortune and is responsible for the current turmoil .
Marois said she 's noticed that people are profoundly unhappy with the treatment given to the Bloc , which has been defending the interests of Quebecers .
The PQ leader said she is not getting any special thrill from the crisis in Ottawa even it can help the PQ cause .
" No , I 'm not happy because now with the mess in Ottawa , there are decisions that will not be taken which could help Quebec economically , " she said .
The PQ leader also ended up having to talk about whether she would be in favour of a PQ - Action democratique du Quebec coalition if the Liberals formed a minority government on Monday .
Marois said her comments in a newspaper interview this week were not meant as an endorsement of such a coalition .
She said Thursday she is opposed to such a formal deal but would be open to agreements on specific issues such as pushing for Quebec to get more powers in areas such as culture and communications .
She insisted the alliance would not be directed at unseating a Charest government .
But that did n't stop Charest from accusing Marois of wanting to replicate the type of political instability currently paralyzing Ottawa .
" By wanting to import into Quebec a crisis like the one we 're seeing in Ottawa , the PQ leader is giving Quebecers a good reason to give themselves a government of stability , " he added .
Universite de Montreal political scientist Denis Moniere accused Harper of adding fuel to the fire and he predicted slight gains for Marois and the PQ on Monday .
" It could rally to her those who , for example , doubted the PQ's commitment towards sovereignty , " he said .
But Moniere warned things could get complicated for Marois if she decides to make sovereignty her battle cry in the final days of the campaign .
" It was n't one of the planks of her electoral platform and it was n't in her communications plan at the beginning of the campaign , " he said .
Moniere said ADQ Leader Mario Dumont would be hurt the most by Harper 's coalition attacks .
" I think the big loser in all of this is Mr. Dumont , who associated himself with the Conservatives , ( but ) the Conservatives could care less about Quebec , " he said .
Campaigning at a bowling alley in Quebec City , Dumont said things got out of control in Ottawa and the events of the past week will leave behind a bad aftertaste .
" For people who have looked at sovereignty as an option , the surprise of the week was to see the Bloc Quebecois and the Parti Quebecois , Pauline Marois and Gilles Duceppe , hand - in - hand with Stephane Dion , " he added .
" We 'll see what effect that will have on people who thought about voting for Marois . "
Dumont invited Quebecers to vote for the ADQ , " an autonomist party which wants to assert Quebec without separating . "
E.S. Wynn is an editor and the author of over seventy books in print .
Need a hot idea to kickstart your next game or RPG match ?
This seeds will inspire you .
Carlos Irineu da Costa
Need a hot idea to kickstart your next game or RPG match ?
Maybe some inspiration for that next gritty and rainsoaked run into the underbelly of a film noir future ?
Well , look no further than here .
Even if your game is n't dark , gritty , or even Cyberpunk in slant , you might find something cool here you can twist , or that might give you just the push you need to come up with the ultimate adventure !
1. Whoops
The characters are offered a shot at collecting a bounty for a big corporation who wants to snare this guy ( or gal ) for some shady corporate reason .
Only problem is , the person the bounty is being offered for is one of the PC 's themselves !
Luckily the bounty just went out , so they still have a little time to figure out what to do ... right ?
If you really want to amp up the pressure , make the bounty really high — think millions .
Why this character is targeted is totally up to you .
2. The Job
Some kids tagged a corporate exec 's nice new car .
No big deal , right ?
Happens all the time in ( insert big city name here ) .
Except this particular exec is a young , up and coming hotshot with a chip on his shoulder the size of the Shimizu Mega - City Pyramid , and he 's willing to hire some cheap thugs to track down the gang that tagged his rig and put an end to them altogether .
Make him a real charm to deal with - foaming at the mouth angry when in private , but sweet as pie movie - star grins in public .
3. Chop Shop
A local streetdoc has his eye on a flashy new piece of techware , ( Could be anything from a covert weapons system to some kind of hot - rod neural upgrade that boosts brain function 250 % , etc. Get creative . ) and he 's willing to pay top dollar to get it .
The catch ?
It 's attached to a corporate exec , and he plans to keep it !
( Maybe the corporate exec from the last seed ?
That could be fun . )
4. Wait ...
What ?
The Characters are given an easy job — a datastick with a handful of banned books on it has to be delivered to a man at a club downtown .
But when they make the transaction , the cops show up and start shooting .
The contact knows a way out , and keeps them running — until they find out it 's not really them the cops are after , it 's the contact , and he 's being chased for a totally unrelated reason !
5. A Different Deal
The characters are given a briefcase of " parts " ( organs , smuggled tech , something like that ) and told to sell it to the representative of a local gang ( Triads , Yakuza , Russian Mafia , etc. ) for at least a certain sum .
Whatever they make off the top of that is theirs to keep .
But when they sit down at the negotiation table and get to dealing , the gang rep decides he 's much more interested in a different set of " parts " — those attached to the players .
Too bad he 's got an entire gang to back him up , and his offer sure is ... killer .
6. Beaten to the Punch
The characters are hired on to hijack something owned by their contact 's rival corporation ( or gang , etc . )
A shipment , a truck , cybertech , etc. Something like that .
Let them come up with an elaborate plan , but when things get hot , the plan gets blown out the window .
Seems someone else has already hijacked the gear / rig , and not only is that someone better armed than the player characters , but he / she is totally insane as well .
7. Prime Footage
An up and coming filmmaker is filming his latest masterpiece , something so violent and realistic that it 's going to change the face of film forever — or at least that 's the pitch .
He wants the characters as stars for the film , and he 's very persistent ( lots of money offered ) , but how the characters decide to react to discovering that the movie 's " bad guys " are real street junkies with real weapons that make death equally real is up to them .
8. The Rogue
A bounty has been put out for a man that a biotech corp wants bad .
Further information is consistently blocked — it just does n't exist where it can be reached .
All the characters have is a picture and a list of hangouts , but that should be enough , right ?
So what 's the catch ?
The man is a military - grade construct , either a machine or a bioengineered product , and this is his corporation 's big test ...
9. Lucky Winner
The Characters are driving somewhere ( best if they 're in a hurry to get somewhere ) when a hover - truck goes screaming by ( literally ) and the guy doing the screaming jumps off the back of the rig and hooks himself onto the PC 's ride .
He has one arm that 's totally techware , fitted with some kind of streetdoc custom winch attachment that keeps him from being shaken off .
Make the guy really irritating — he 's dressed in nothing but bright neon yellow leather pants with a pink mohawk and a giant laughing skull tattooed ( subdermal LED's ) across his chest .
He should have some kind of small gun that 's really noisy and really good at blowing holes through things without a lot of extra damage ( like a high - power hand - held railgun ) but he 's a lousy shot .
So why 's he hopping onto the PC 's ride ?
Well , that 's up to you .
He picked the ride at random during his escape from anything from the cops ( who might be interested in the PC'S too ) to some vicious and well - armed gang .
And if he 's shooting , you can bet they 're shooting back , putting the PC's in the crossfire ...
10 . Mistaken Identity
The characters go to talk to or question somebody .
Maybe it 's someone they 've come to get a job from , or maybe it 's someone they 've come to question / kidnap , etc .
Whatever the reason , the instant they knock or kick down the door , they find someone else there — cops , landlord , current boyfriend / girlfriend , corporate goon squad , etc .
They all want something , and they 're all suspicious ( the boyfriend / girlfriend one could be fun — jealousy could cause violence ) , and there 's no sign of the person they came for .
Not that the PC's are going to get out of this all that easy ...
11 . The Creeping Crud
After a particularly nasty encounter involving a lot of blood and / or grime , one of the characters starts developing ( after a few days , maybe a week ) some nasty symptoms .
( Rashes , oozing sores , high fever , weakness , vertigo , etc. make the disease really " fun " )
This should raise a lot of great questions — is the disease contagious ?
Where did it come from ?
No doctor in any hospital can identify it , but clues and hints lead them to a free clinic in the middle of the must rundown and dangerous area of the city , where a doctor knows exactly what they 're dealing with — he's been seeing cases of it all week !
We 're talking ground zero for the next great plague here .
Does he have a vaccine ?
Probably not , but do n't worry , it does n't kill you right away ...
Other Ideas
The world is full of ideas — just think back to books you 've read or movies you 've watched and pick out that one series of plot twists you could turn into something to make your game just that much more fun .
You might also check out 11 Steampunk Adventure Seeds , 11 Horror Adventure Seeds or even 11 Firefly / Serenity Adventure Seeds for some other ideas you can twist or change or use raw in your next game !
Arreis Kurai on June 29 , 2011 :
I like the ideas !
I 've been wanting to play a cyberpunk game , or something similar , and the ideas would be very helpful if I end up being the one DMing it !
Two Canadian tourists have been shot in the Mexican resort town of Cabo San Lucas in the early hours of January 1 , according to Foreign Affairs Canada .
The men ’s names have n’t been released .
According to a report in a Mexican newspaper , Tribuna de Los Cabos , the shooting occurred at 1:30 a.m. in a strip bar called Mermaids .
A 26 - year - old male from Vancouver is reportedly in critical condition .
Another is reportedly in stable condition .
Last May , a Burnaby man , Boubal Bounthavorn , was shot and killed in his hotel room in Cabo San Lucas in a robbery attempt .
Drugs may be the major American story of our era , the thing that did more to alter behavior and law , that redistributed income to the poor far more dramatically than any tinkering with tax codes , that jailed more people and killed more people than any U.S. foreign policy initiative since the Vietnam War .
But this vital force …is absent from our daily consciousness and surfaces when discussed as a problem .
— Charles Bowden , Down by the River
It was just past 2 a.m. on a Saturday and I was standing at a busy intersection in a dirty corner of Hollywood , just a few blocks away from Grauman ’s Chinese Theater .
People were spilling out of bars and heading home .
The strip was emptying out quickly .
But where I was standing , prime time was just beginning .
Hookers were pouring out onto the sidewalk , circling the block slowly in packs of twos and threes and causing a traffic jam as cars slowed to a crawl to check out the selection .
There were n’t too many females among them .
This part of town specializes in tranny whores and gigolos .
I was there to score , too .
Not shemales — I ’m no degenerate , you see — but an entirely different and altogether wholesome product .
I was there to score some good old - fashioned heroin in order to celebrate a special day :
The 75th anniversary of the end of the Prohibition .
The celebration had officially ended that midnight , and alcohol - loving revelers were now stumbling out of bars all across the country .
They had been marking the occasion in their own ignorant way .
All that week , newspapers were reporting on the planned boozy celebrations .
Drink discounts , speakeasy - themed restaurant events and kegger parties raged all across America .
Even a few people I know had gone to a flapper - themed house party .
But as far as I was concerned , they had it all wrong .
America ’s Prohibition never really ended .
Sure , alcohol was legalized , within limits , of course .
But the real Prohibition continued and intensified .
Laws against other drugs became harsher and more severely enforced .
So I went out that night to pay homage to the unspoken Prohibition the only way I knew how : hit the streets looking for the best illegal drug money can buy .
I came to this particular corner on a tip from a friend of mine who lives in the area .
“ Go down to the parking lot at the strip mall there .
I ’m sure you can get something .
I see people buying shit all the time .
You ’ll know you ’re at the right place when you start seeing transvestites . ”
What kind of drugs did they sell there ?
Was it smack ?
Crack ?
Speed ?
All of the above ?
He had no idea .
Like most white people , he had never bought drugs off the street .
I parked my car in a side alley and approached the corner by foot .
A pack of about a dozen thugs loitered in the shadows of a brightly lit doughnut shop .
Inside , two pimp - looking black dudes decked out in gold chains and teeth grillz , surrounded by a couple of haggard , masculine - looking prostitutes , were eating doughnut holes , laughing and boasting .
I bought a pack of smokes and lit up in the parking lot , trying to look as nonchalant as possible while I surveyed the scene .
One thing was clear : there was no way I was going to blend in with this underworld .
I was the only white face around , and I was n’t dressed right at all .
My dorky white - boy jeans and sweatshirt stood out among the oversized baseball caps , do - rags , crisp baggy jeans and Nikes .
Plus , I did n’t have the gangsta spring in my step .
My freshly - shaved white scalp glowed like a silent alarm .
It was painfully clear I was a white boy in a bad neighborhood for one purpose only : to score drugs .
Here , decent white folks did n’t get out of their cars for anything .
Not for junk food , not for whores and definitely not for drugs .
Which is why I came out here .
On this special day , going through a dealer would be a cop out .
Discreet drug buys are a huge reason why the modern Drug Prohibition still goes unchallenged .
As long as casual drug users do n’t have to be sullied or criminalized by drug consumption , they are able to block out just how demeaning our country ’s drug laws are .
Without a connection , you go from upstanding citizen to lowlife in the time it takes to get out of your car and cross the street .
I finished my smoke and edged a little closer to a Latino dude leaning up against the shop ’s exit .
“ Yo man , ” I said under my breath .
“ You know where I can score some shit ? ”
And then after a pause : “ Some smack .
Chiva . ”
He stared hard for a few seconds , just long enough to make me nervous , and shook his head .
All of sudden he swung his head to the right and walked away without a word .
Then I saw why : a patrol car had just turned the corner and was slowly creeping by the parking lot .
The vague mass of people hovering in the shadows dispersed without a sound , like a dark mist .
A cop with a cleanly shaved head in the passenger seat spotted me and kept me in his sights .
I was clean , but I felt like I was already guilty .
Guilty by association .
Instinctively , like everybody else , I walked away as calmly as possible .
To kill time and do reconnaissance , I decided to circle the block .
I baited a homeless drunk down the street with a couple of bucks and a cigarette in the hopes of getting some information .
But he was no use at all .
“ Naaaaw , maaaan .
Those guys on the corner do n’t have shit !
They do n’t even have weeeed , man !
You gotta go to the valley to get smack . ”
That was n’t an option for me , so I continued on .
A group of young punks further up the street were of no use either .
“ Why do n’t you ask the spooks .
They ’ll tell you , ” said the leader of the pack , laughing and smacking his buddy on the shoulder .
“ Better yet .
Go downtown .
To MacArthur Park .
Hang out there for a week or two so that people get to know your face . ”
Shit man .
A week or two ?
“ Yeah whatcha think ?
They wo n’t sell you shit if they do n’t know you .
They can go to jail for that shit for a long time . ”
Two weeks ?
I was n’t sure if they were fucking with me or what .
Skid Row is where cops dump and corral homeless people they pick up from all over LA County .
Even hospitals are known to ditch bums there .
At dusk this square mile of downtown LA — a patch of shuttered shops and sidewalk tent cities — turns into a scene from Escape from LA .
Hobos , freaks , whores , pimps , thugs and addicts come out of the shadows and take over like a pack of mutants .
Hanging out there would be a nightmare .
I ’d be more likely to pick up a rabid strain of necrotizing fasciitis than score smack .
During the Booze Prohibition , people did n’t have it half as bad as this .
Back then , alcohol was illegal only on paper .
In reality , it became even easier to buy .
At the height of the ban , New York had something like 100,000 underground booze joints catering to every layer of society — from board and nail shacks serving immigrants , whores and derelicts , to swanky clubs with big bands , tuxedos and high - class flapper chicks .
With those kinds of numbers , you could n’t walk a block without stumbling on a place to get drunk .
If only we drug - seekers had it half as good .
I started walking back to the original corner for a second try .
By the time I got there , a ghetto bird was circling overhead , its searchlight beam seeking out someone just a few blocks away .
LAPD is serious about their chopper cavalry .
A demand for surrender was being broadcast over the chopper ’s megaphone ; the poor fucker did n’t have a chance .
Behind the strip mall , a patrol car had just pulled over a pimped - out , pearl white Escalade .
A cop with a shaved head was approaching it from the right , giving it wide berth , his hand on his gun .
It was the same cop who eyed me earlier .
On the corner , the thugs and whores had regrouped .
And I got right down to business .
I stepped up to a black guy leaning up against a wall , a few feet away from a puddle of fresh pink vomit , and lit a cigarette .
He looked at me and gave me a nod .
I nodded back .
“ Hi , do n’t I know you from somewhere ? ” he said with a lisp .
“ Maybe , ” I said .
“ You looking for something ? ” he asked .
“ Yeah , actually .
You know where I can score some shit ?
Some smack ? ”
He looked around .
“ How much do you need ? ”
“ I do n’t know , I gram or two .
How much is it ? ”
“ Fifty . ”
“ I only got enough for a gram , then , ” I said .
“ You got a car ? ”
“ Yeah , it ’s just around the corner . ”
“ Follow me . ”
" Wherever we looked , mortality rates are increasing , " said Nathan Stephenson , a study co-author and USGS research ecologist .
The researchers found rising death rates across a wide variety of forest types , at different elevations , in trees of all sizes and among major species including pine , fir and hemlock .
" Tree death rates have more than doubled over the last few decades in old - growth forests across the Western United States , " said U.S. Geological Survey scientist Phillip van Mantgem , co-author of a paper being published in the Jan. 23 issue of the journal Science and released today .
Scientists who examined decades of tree mortality data from research plots around the West found the death rate had risen as average temperatures in the region increased by more than 1 degree Fahrenheit .
More trees are dying in the West ’s forests as the region warms , a trend that could ultimately spell widespread change for mountain landscapes from the Sierra Nevada to the Rockies .
Although the data were from long - established stands at least 200 years old , the authors said regional warming was probably affecting younger forests as well .
Rising temperatures favor insects and pathogens that attack trees .
Warming also reduces the winter snowpack and lengthens the summer dry season , placing trees under greater drought stress .
If temperatures continue to rise , as many climate models predict , " it ’s very likely that mortality rates will continue to rise , " Stephenson said .
That could gradually transform the region ’s old - growth forests , eroding their ecological value .
They would be sparser , have younger , smaller trees that provide less suitable wildlife habitat and have diminished capacity to store carbon .
" One degree warmer may not seem like a lot , but the effects can be cumulative and put many more trees under stress and cause a few more trees to die than used to , " said study co-author Mark Harmon , a forest ecology professor at Oregon State University .
" Over long periods of time , that can change the whole composition of the forest . "
As decaying trees release carbon into the atmosphere , Van Mantgem said , it is possible Western forests could even become " net sources of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere — further speeding up the pace of global warming . "
The research team of 11 federal and university scientists reviewed data from undisturbed , old - growth forest areas in California , the Pacific Northwest and the interior West .
Rising mortality was evident across a spectrum of plots and tree types in all three regions , leading the team to rule out other possible causes of tree deaths such as air pollution or overgrown conditions .
The findings were in sync with other recent studies that linked rising temperatures to massive bark beetle outbreaks and increasing wildfire activity in the West .
In forests growing in borderline areas , Stephenson said , increasing temperatures and tree deaths could result in wholesale changes , converting the landscape to grass or shrub lands .
" Our society needs to discuss policies that will help adapt to the changes that are well underway , " said co-author Thomas Veblen , a University of Colorado geography professor .
For example , he said , it might be better to deal with the growing wildfire risk by limiting development in fire - prone areas than by stepping up firefighting or forest - thinning efforts .
Hugh Safford , a U.S. Forest Service regional ecologist in California not involved in the study , said it was " hard to assail " the paper ’s logic .
But he added that the picture was much gloomier in many of the West ’s forests , which are overgrown as a result of decades of fire suppression and are experiencing much higher mortality rates than those documented in the study .
If death rates are climbing in undisturbed old - forest areas , Safford said , " that ’s extremely bad news " for other forests where tree density is increasing .
" The ante is going up constantly , and when you add a highly dense stand and increasing fire and insect beetle issues , it ’s alarming . "
-- Bettina Boxall
Photo : Old - growth Douglas fir trees stand along the Salmon River Trail at Mt. Hood National Forest outside Zigzag , Ore. Credit : Rick Bowmer / Associated Press
Seven animal rights activists who blackmailed companies linked to Huntingdon Life Sciences in an attempt to close down the animal testing lab were today jailed for between four and 11 years .
The six - year international conspiracy between 2001 and 2007 targeted firms across the UK and Europe that either supplied or had secondary links with the Cambridge - based company .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The leaders of the blackmail conspiracy , Gregg Avery , 41 , Natasha Avery , 39 , and Heather Nicholson , 41 , were founder members of Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty ( Shac ) which was a front organisation which organised strategy and attacks on the firms and their staff , often under the badge of the Animal Liberation Front .
They were assisted by computer expert Gavin Medd - Hall , 45 , who researched the victims for Shac , and three " foot soldiers " , Gerrah Selby , 20 , Daniel Wadham , 21 , and Daniel Amos , 22 .
Sentencing the activists at Winchester Crown Court , Mr Justice Butterfield called the campaign " urban terrorism " and a " relentless , sustained and merciless persecution " which had made the victims lives " a living hell " .
The campaign used threats such as claiming that managers of companies which supplied Huntingdon Life Sciences ( HLS ) were paedophiles .
Homes of staff , and firms , had hoax bomb parcels sent to them or received threatening telephone calls .
Threats of violence were also used to force companies to cut links with HLS .
Words like " puppy killer " and " scum " were painted on homes and cars of workers , cars were paint stripped , and used sanitary towels were posted to the victims with a note saying the sender had Aids .
The aim was to target suppliers or any company with a secondary link with HLS , and the campaign would only stop when the company put out a " capitulation statement " saying it would end links .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Heather Nicholson , from Eversley in Hampshire , received 11 years after she was convicted of conspiracy to blackmail at a trial last year .
Gregg Avery and his wife Natasha , also from Eversley , received nine years because they pleaded guilty to the charge .
Medd - Hall , from Croydon , south London , who was convicted at the same trial as Nicholson , received eight years .
Wadham , from Bromley , south - east London , was sentenced to five years after he was convicted last year .
Selby , from Chiswick , west London , who was convicted of the charge at the same trial as the others , received four years , and Amos from Church Crookham , Hants , who pleaded guilty to conspiracy to blackmail , received four years .
Mr Justice Butterfield said he accepted that the seven had genuine deeply - held beliefs that animal testing was wrong , and had the right to protest against it .
But he told the activists that companies " had the right to conduct vital biomedical research " and " the right to conduct lawful trading " .
He said Shac was " a hypocritical scam " which hid its true intention of terrorising companies and their staff who had links with HLS .
" It was a relentless , sustained campaign designed to strike such fear in the minds of employees that the companies would capitulate , " he said .
He called the leaders of the conspiracy " lifelong , veteran , fanatical animal rights activists " and said he had little confidence they would not continue their activities when released from prison .
" I expect you will be seen by some as martyrs for a noble cause but that would be misplaced , " he told all seven .
" You are not going to prison for expressing your beliefs , you are going to prison because you have committed a serious criminal offence . "
During the ten - week trial , the court heard that all seven were involved in the conspiracy , based a bungalow near Hook in Hampshire .
The campaign targeted firms and staff in the UK but also France , Germany , Sweden and Switzerland , with many of the conspirators travelling to the continent to protest .
About 40 companies were victimised and the total cost of damage and increased security cost £ 12.6 million , not including loss of profits , the court was told .
Gregg and Natasha Avery and Nicholson founded Shac and gave it the strategy and leadership .
Medd - Hall was a computer and research expert who was high up in Shac and who uncovered company links with HLS , so allowing the firms to be targeted .
Wadham joined Shac in 2005 and regularly attended demonstrations against the firms and HLS .
Selby was also a regular activist at demonstrations in the UK and Europe , including a violent protest in Paris .
The judge described her involvement as a tragedy and said she was a hard working and decent woman .
Amos was also an activist who had attended demonstrations and was an insider to the conspiracy .
The judge also gave indefinite Anti Social Behaviour Orders ( Asbos ) to Gregg and Natasha Avery , Nicholson and Medd - Hall , banning them from travelling to the firms targeted in the campaign .
The others received the same Asbos but for five years .
Speaking after the case Detective Chief Inspector Andy Robbins from Kent Police , who led the £ 4 million inquiry involving five forces , said : " I hope today 's sentences provide some comfort and a sense of justice to the individuals and the families who suffered such sustained harassment .
" While rarely causing physical harm , these offenders thrived on the fear they created through threats and intimidation . "
Science Minister Lord Drayson added : " Those involved in life - saving medical research make a huge contribution to society .
They deserve our thanks , support and protection .
" The UK is a world leader in medical advances and the Government is proud of the pioneering work of our scientists and researchers .
" The use of animals is essential to the success of this vital work .
It is also a legal requirement in the development of safe and effective medicines .
" The UK has one of the most rigorous systems in the world to ensure that animal research and testing is only carried out where absolutely necessary and under stringent controls where suffering must be kept to an absolute minimum . "
Home Officer Minister Alan Campbell said : " I welcome the conviction of these animal rights extremists .
" The Government will continue to stand up to animal rights extremism and protect those targeted by it , which is why we have under taken a number of robust measures over the past three years to tackle the threat from a small number of animal rights extremists .
" The Government is fully committed to supporting lawful protest but is also clear that criminal acts including campaigns of blackmail , harassment and intimidation will not be tolerated , which is why animal extremists will be subject to the full force of the law . "
Blog Archive Feb 23 - Mar 2 ( 2 ) Feb 2 - Feb 9 ( 3 ) Jan 26 - Feb 2 ( 5 ) Jan 19 - Jan 26 ( 2 ) Jan 12 - Jan 19 ( 3 ) Jan 5 - Jan 12 ( 3 ) Dec 15 - Dec 22 ( 1 ) Dec 8 - Dec 15 ( 4 ) Dec 1 - Dec 8 ( 2 ) Nov 24 - Dec 1 ( 2 ) Nov 17 - Nov 24 ( 1 ) Nov 10 - Nov 17 ( 4 ) Nov 3 - Nov 10 ( 4 ) Oct 27 - Nov 3 ( 4 ) Oct 20 - Oct 27 ( 1 ) Oct 13 - Oct 20 ( 1 ) Oct 6 - Oct 13 ( 2 ) Sep 29 - Oct 6 ( 4 ) Sep 22 - Sep 29 ( 2 ) Sep 15 - Sep 22 ( 3 ) Sep 8 - Sep 15 ( 2 ) Sep 1 - Sep 8 ( 1 ) Aug 25 - Sep 1 ( 3 ) Aug 18 - Aug 25 ( 1 ) Aug 11 - Aug 18 ( 2 ) Jul 28 - Aug 4 ( 3 ) Jul 21 - Jul 28 ( 2 ) Jul 14 - Jul 21 ( 4 ) Jul 7 - Jul 14 ( 2 ) Jun 30 - Jul 7 ( 2 ) Jun 23 - Jun 30 ( 3 ) Jun 16 - Jun 23 ( 3 ) Jun 9 - Jun 16 ( 4 ) Jun 2 - Jun 9 ( 4 ) May 26 - Jun 2 ( 3 ) May 19 - May 26 ( 3 ) May 12 - May 19 ( 2 ) May 5 - May 12 ( 4 ) Apr 28 - May 5 ( 4 ) Apr 21 - Apr 28 ( 3 ) Apr 14 - Apr 21 ( 4 ) Apr 7 - Apr 14 ( 4 ) Mar 31 - Apr 7 ( 3 ) Mar 24 - Mar 31 ( 4 ) Mar 17 - Mar 24 ( 4 ) Mar 10 - Mar 17 ( 3 ) Mar 3 - Mar 10 ( 4 ) Feb 24 - Mar 3 ( 5 ) Feb 17 - Feb 24 ( 5 ) Feb 10 - Feb 17 ( 5 ) Feb 3 - Feb 10 ( 3) Jan 27 - Feb 3 ( 5 ) Jan 13 - Jan 20 ( 3 ) Jan 6 - Jan 13 ( 3 ) Dec 30 - Jan 6 ( 4 ) Dec 23 - Dec 30 ( 2 ) Dec 16 - Dec 23 ( 1 ) Dec 9 - Dec 16 ( 2 ) Dec 2 - Dec 9 ( 1 ) Nov 25 - Dec 2 ( 3 ) Nov 11 - Nov 18 ( 4 ) Nov 4 - Nov 11 ( 4 ) Oct 28 - Nov 4 ( 3 ) Oct 21 - Oct 28 ( 5 ) Oct 14 - Oct 21 ( 4 ) Oct 7 - Oct 14 ( 5 ) Sep 30 - Oct 7 ( 1 ) Sep 23 - Sep 30 ( 5 ) Sep 16 - Sep 23 ( 5 ) Sep 2 - Sep 9 ( 3 ) Aug 26 - Sep 2 ( 5 ) Aug 19 - Aug 26 ( 5 ) Aug 12 - Aug 19 ( 5 ) Aug 5 - Aug 12 ( 3 ) Jul 29 - Aug 5 ( 4 ) Jul 22 - Jul 29 ( 4 ) Jul 15 - Jul 22 ( 4 ) Jul 8 - Jul 15 ( 5 ) Jun 24 - Jul 1 ( 2 ) Jun 17 - Jun 24 ( 3 ) Jun 10 - Jun 17 ( 3 ) Jun 3 - Jun 10 ( 3 ) May 27 - Jun 3 ( 1 ) May 20 - May 27 ( 4 ) May 13 - May 20 ( 5 ) May 6 - May 13 ( 5 ) Apr 29 - May 6 ( 5 ) Apr 22 - Apr 29 ( 5 ) Apr 15 - Apr 22 ( 4 ) Apr 8 - Apr 15 ( 4 ) Apr 1 - Apr 8 ( 1 ) Mar 18 - Mar 25 ( 4 ) Mar 11 - Mar 18 ( 3 ) Mar 4 - Mar 11 ( 4 ) Feb 26 - Mar 4 ( 4 ) Feb 19 - Feb 26 ( 3 ) Feb 12 - Feb 19 ( 3 ) Feb 5 - Feb 12 ( 4 ) Jan 29 - Feb 5 ( 5 ) Jan 22 - Jan 29 ( 4 ) Jan 15 - Jan 22 ( 4 ) Jan 8 - Jan 15 ( 4 ) Jan 1 - Jan 8 ( 4 ) Dec 18 - Dec 25 ( 3 ) Dec 11 - Dec 18 ( 4 ) Dec 4 - Dec 11 ( 5 ) Nov 27 - Dec 4 ( 5 ) Nov 20 - Nov 27 ( 1 ) Nov 13 - Nov 20 ( 4 ) Nov 6 - Nov 13 ( 4 ) Oct 30 - Nov 6 ( 3 ) Oct 23 - Oct 30 ( 4 ) Oct 16 - Oct 23 ( 3 ) Oct 9 - Oct 16 ( 3 ) Oct 2 - Oct 9 ( 5 ) Sep 25 - Oct 2 ( 3 ) Sep 18 - Sep 25 ( 5 ) Sep 11 - Sep 18 ( 4 ) Sep 4 - Sep 11 ( 4 ) Aug 28 - Sep 4 ( 5 ) Aug 21 - Aug 28 ( 4 ) Aug 14 - Aug 21 ( 4 ) Aug 7 - Aug 14 ( 3 ) Jul 31 - Aug 7 ( 5 ) Jul 24 - Jul 31 ( 5 ) Jul 17 - Jul 24 ( 3 ) Jul 10 - Jul 17 ( 5 ) Jul 3 - Jul 10 ( 4 ) Jun 26 - Jul 3 ( 2 ) Jun 12 - Jun 19 ( 3 ) Jun 5 - Jun 12 ( 4 ) May 29 - Jun 5 ( 4 ) May 22 - May 29 ( 5 ) May 15 - May 22 ( 5 ) May 8 - May 15 ( 3 ) May 1 - May 8 ( 6 ) Apr 24 - May 1 ( 3 ) Apr 17 - Apr 24 ( 5 ) Apr 10 - Apr 17 ( 5 ) Apr 3 - Apr 10 ( 5 ) Mar 27 - Apr 3 ( 5 ) Mar 20 - Mar 27 ( 4 ) Mar 13 - Mar 20 ( 5 ) Mar 6 - Mar 13 ( 4 ) Feb 27 - Mar 6 ( 5 ) Feb 20 - Feb 27 ( 5 ) Feb 13 - Feb 20 ( 5 ) Feb 6 - Feb 13 ( 5 ) Jan 30 - Feb 6 ( 2 ) Jan 23 - Jan 30 ( 4 ) Jan 16 - Jan 23 ( 5 ) Jan 9 - Jan 16 ( 6 ) Jan 2 - Jan 9 ( 5 ) Dec 26 - Jan 2 ( 5 ) Dec 19 - Dec 26 ( 3 ) Dec 12 - Dec 19 ( 4 ) Dec 5 - Dec 12 ( 4 ) Nov 28 - Dec 5 ( 5 ) Nov 21 - Nov 28 ( 1 ) Nov 14 - Nov 21 ( 5 ) Nov 7 - Nov 14 ( 5 ) Oct 31 - Nov 7 ( 5 ) Oct 24 - Oct 31 ( 4 ) Oct 17 - Oct 24 ( 5 ) Oct 10 - Oct 17 ( 4 ) Oct 3 - Oct 10 ( 2 ) Sep 26 - Oct 3 ( 4 ) Sep 19 - Sep 26 ( 4 ) Sep 12 - Sep 19 ( 4 ) Sep 5 - Sep 12 ( 4 ) Aug 29 - Sep 5 ( 5 ) Aug 22 - Aug 29 ( 4 ) Aug 15 - Aug 22 ( 5 ) Aug 8 - Aug 15 ( 5 ) Aug 1 - Aug 8 ( 5 ) Jul 25 - Aug 1 ( 5 ) Jul 18 - Jul 25 ( 5 ) Jul 11 - Jul 18 ( 5 ) Jul 4 - Jul 11 ( 4 ) Jun 27 - Jul 4 ( 3 ) Jun 20 - Jun 27 ( 4 ) Jun 13 - Jun 20 ( 4 ) Jun 6 - Jun 13 ( 5 ) May 30 - Jun 6 ( 3 ) May 23 - May 30 ( 5 ) May 16 - May 23 ( 5 ) May 9 - May 16 ( 5 ) May 2 - May 9 ( 4 ) Apr 25 - May 2 ( 5 ) Apr 18 - Apr 25 ( 5 ) Apr 11 - Apr 18 ( 5 ) Apr 4 - Apr 11 ( 5 ) Mar 28 - Apr 4 ( 5 ) Mar 21 - Mar 28 ( 4 ) Mar 14 - Mar 21 ( 4 ) Mar 7 - Mar 14 ( 5 ) Feb 28 - Mar 7 ( 4 ) Feb 21 - Feb 28 ( 3 ) Feb 14 - Feb 21 ( 5 ) Feb 7 - Feb 14 ( 5 ) Jan 31 - Feb 7 ( 5 ) Jan 24 - Jan 31 ( 5 ) Jan 17 - Jan 24 ( 5 ) Jan 10 - Jan 17 ( 4 ) Jan 3 - Jan 10 ( 4 ) Dec 27 - Jan 3 ( 4 ) Dec 20 - Dec 27 ( 2 ) Dec 13 - Dec 20 ( 4 ) Dec 6 - Dec 13 ( 3 ) Nov 29 - Dec 6 ( 5 ) Nov 15 - Nov 22 ( 4 ) Nov 8 - Nov 15 ( 4 ) Nov 1 - Nov 8 ( 5 ) Oct 25 - Nov 1 ( 5 ) Oct 18 - Oct 25 ( 4 ) Oct 11 - Oct 18 ( 5 ) Oct 4 - Oct 11 ( 5 ) Sep 27 - Oct 4 ( 4 ) Sep 20 - Sep 27 ( 3 ) Sep 13 - Sep 20 ( 3 ) Sep 6 - Sep 13 ( 4 ) Aug 30 - Sep 6 ( 5 ) Aug 23 - Aug 30 ( 5 ) Aug 16 - Aug 23 ( 4 ) Aug 9 - Aug 16 ( 5 ) Aug 2 - Aug 9 ( 5 ) Jul 26 - Aug 2 ( 5 ) Jul 19 - Jul 26 ( 4 ) Jul 12 - Jul 19 ( 5 ) Jul 5 - Jul 12 ( 4 ) Jun 28 - Jul 5 ( 5 ) Jun 21 - Jun 28 ( 5 ) Jun 14 - Jun 21 ( 5 ) Jun 7 - Jun 14 ( 5 ) May 31 - Jun 7 ( 5 ) May 24 - May 31 ( 4 ) May 17 - May 24 ( 4 ) May 10 - May 17 ( 4 ) May 3 - May 10 ( 5 ) Apr 26 - May 3 ( 5 ) Apr 19 - Apr 26 ( 5 ) Apr 12 - Apr 19 ( 5 ) Apr 5 - Apr 12 ( 5 ) Mar 29 - Apr 5 ( 5 ) Mar 22 - Mar 29 ( 2 ) Mar 15 - Mar 22 ( 3 ) Mar 8 - Mar 15 ( 4 ) Mar 1 - Mar 8 ( 5 ) Feb 22 - Mar 1 ( 5 ) Feb 15 - Feb 22 ( 2 ) Feb 8 - Feb 15 ( 5 ) Feb 1 - Feb 8 ( 5 ) Jan 25 - Feb 1 ( 4 ) Jan 18 - Jan 25 ( 5 ) Jan 11 - Jan 18 ( 5 ) Jan 4 - Jan 11 ( 4 ) Dec 28 - Jan 4 ( 4 ) Dec 21 - Dec 28 ( 1 ) Dec 14 - Dec 21 ( 4 ) Dec 7 - Dec 14 ( 5 ) Nov 30 - Dec 7 ( 5 ) Nov 23 - Nov 30 ( 2 ) Nov 16 - Nov 23 ( 4 ) Nov 9 - Nov 16 ( 5 ) Nov 2 - Nov 9 ( 6 ) Oct 26 - Nov 2 ( 6 ) Oct 19 - Oct 26 ( 5 ) Oct 12 - Oct 19 ( 5 ) Oct 5 - Oct 12 ( 5 ) Sep 28 - Oct 5 ( 5 ) Sep 21 - Sep 28 ( 5 ) Sep 14 - Sep 21 ( 5 ) Sep 7 - Sep 14 ( 5 ) Aug 31 - Sep 7 ( 4 ) Aug 24 - Aug 31 ( 5 ) Aug 17 - Aug 24 ( 4 ) Aug 10 - Aug 17 ( 5 ) Aug 3 - Aug 10 ( 5 ) Jul 27 - Aug 3 ( 5 ) Jul 20 - Jul 27 ( 5 ) Jul 13 - Jul 20 ( 5 ) Jul 6 - Jul 13 ( 5 ) Jun 29 - Jul 6 ( 4 ) Jun 22 - Jun 29 ( 6 ) Jun 15 - Jun 22 ( 5 ) Jun 8 - Jun 15 ( 5 ) Jun 1 - Jun 8 ( 5 ) May 25 - Jun 1 ( 4 ) May 18 - May 25 ( 5 ) May 11 - May 18 ( 6 ) May 4 - May 11 ( 5 ) Apr 27 - May 4 ( 4 ) Apr 20 - Apr 27 ( 5 ) Apr 13 - Apr 20 ( 5 ) Apr 6 - Apr 13 ( 5 ) Mar 30 - Apr 6 ( 5 ) Mar 23 - Mar 30 ( 5 ) Mar 16 - Mar 23 ( 1 ) Mar 9 - Mar 16 ( 5 ) Mar 2 - Mar 9 ( 5 ) Feb 24 - Mar 2 ( 4 ) Feb 17 - Feb 24 ( 5 ) Feb 10 - Feb 17 ( 5 ) Feb 3 - Feb 10 ( 4 ) Jan 27 - Feb 3 ( 5 ) Jan 20 - Jan 27 ( 5 ) Jan 13 - Jan 20 ( 5 ) Jan 6 - Jan 13 ( 5 ) Dec 30 - Jan 6 ( 4 ) Dec 23 - Dec 30 ( 3 ) Dec 16 - Dec 23 ( 4 ) Dec 9 - Dec 16 ( 5 ) Dec 2 - Dec 9 ( 5 ) Nov 25 - Dec 2 ( 5 ) Nov 18 - Nov 25 ( 1 ) Nov 11 - Nov 18 ( 5 ) Nov 4 - Nov 11 ( 5 ) Oct 28 - Nov 4 ( 5 ) Oct 21 - Oct 28 ( 5 ) Oct 14 - Oct 21 ( 5 ) Oct 7 - Oct 14 ( 5 ) Sep 30 - Oct 7 ( 5 ) Sep 23 - Sep 30 ( 5 ) Sep 16 - Sep 23 ( 5 ) Sep 9 - Sep 16 ( 5 ) Sep 2 - Sep 9 ( 4 ) Aug 26 - Sep 2 ( 5 ) Aug 19 - Aug 26 ( 5 ) Aug 12 - Aug 19 ( 5 ) Aug 5 - Aug 12 ( 5 ) Jul 29 - Aug 5 ( 4 ) Jul 22 - Jul 29 ( 5 ) Jul 15 - Jul 22 ( 5 ) Jul 8 - Jul 15 ( 5 ) Jul 1 - Jul 8 ( 4 ) Jun 24 - Jul 1 ( 5 ) Jun 17 - Jun 24 ( 5 ) Jun 10 - Jun 17 ( 5 ) Jun 3 - Jun 10 ( 4 ) May 27 - Jun 3 ( 5 ) May 20 - May 27 ( 5 ) May 13 - May 20 ( 5 ) May 6 - May 13 ( 5 ) Apr 29 - May 6 ( 5 ) Apr 22 - Apr 29 ( 5 ) Apr 15 - Apr 22 ( 6 ) Apr 8 - Apr 15 ( 6 ) Apr 1 - Apr 8 ( 7 ) Mar 25 - Apr 1 ( 7 ) Mar 18 - Mar 25 ( 5 ) Mar 11 - Mar 18 ( 5 ) Mar 4 - Mar 11 ( 7 ) Feb 25 - Mar 4 ( 6 ) Feb 18 - Feb 25 ( 6 ) Feb 11 - Feb 18 ( 7 ) Feb 4 - Feb 11 ( 7 ) Jan 28 - Feb 4 ( 7 ) Jan 21 - Jan 28 ( 7 ) Jan 14 - Jan 21 ( 7 ) Jan 7 - Jan 14 ( 7 ) Dec 31 - Jan 7 ( 7 ) Dec 24 - Dec 31 ( 3 ) Dec 17 - Dec 24 ( 7 ) Dec 10 - Dec 17 ( 7 ) Dec 3 - Dec 10 ( 7 ) Nov 26 - Dec 3 ( 7 ) Nov 19 - Nov 26 ( 5 ) Nov 12 - Nov 19 ( 7 ) Nov 5 - Nov 12 ( 10 ) Oct 29 - Nov 5 ( 8 ) Oct 22 - Oct 29 ( 6 ) Oct 15 - Oct 22 ( 5 ) Oct 8 - Oct 15 ( 9 ) Oct 1 - Oct 8 ( 8 ) Sep 24 - Oct 1 ( 12 ) Sep 17 - Sep 24 ( 8 ) Sep 10 - Sep 17 ( 10 ) Sep 3 - Sep 10 ( 9 ) Aug 27 - Sep 3 ( 11 ) Aug 20 - Aug 27 ( 11 ) Aug 13 - Aug 20 ( 13 ) Aug 6 - Aug 13 ( 9 ) Jul 30 - Aug 6 ( 8 ) Jul 23 - Jul 30 ( 9 ) Jul 16 - Jul 23 ( 9 ) Jul 9 - Jul 16 ( 10 ) Jul 2 - Jul 9 ( 12 ) Jun 25 - Jul 2 ( 11 ) Jun 18 - Jun 25 ( 11 ) Jun 11 - Jun 18 ( 13 ) Jun 4 - Jun 11 ( 7 ) May 28 - Jun 4 ( 11 ) May 21 - May 28 ( 10 ) May 14 - May 21 ( 12 ) May 7 - May 14 ( 10 ) Apr 30 - May 7 ( 12 ) Apr 23 - Apr 30 ( 13 ) Apr 16 - Apr 23 ( 12 ) Apr 9 - Apr 16 ( 21 ) Apr 2 - Apr 9 ( 33 ) Mar 26 - Apr 2 ( 5 )
Courts in recent years have been raising the evidentiary bar law enforcement agents must meet in order to obtain historical cell phone records that reveal information about a target 's location .
But documents obtained by civil liberties groups under a Freedom of Information
Act request suggest that " triggerfish " technology can be used to pinpoint cell phones without involving cell phone providers at all .
Triggerfish , also known as cell - site simulators or digital analyzers , are nothing new : the technology was used in the 1990s to hunt down renowned hacker Kevin Mitnick .
By posing as a cell tower , triggerfish trick nearby cell phones into transmitting their serial numbers , phone numbers , and other data to law enforcement .
Most previous descriptions of the technology , however , suggested that because of range limitations , triggerfish were only useful for zeroing in on a phone 's precise location once cooperative cell providers had given a general location .
This summer , however , the American Civil Liberties Union and Electronic Frontier Foundation sued the Justice Department , seeking documents related to the FBI 's cell - phone tracking practices .
Since August , they 've received a stream of documents — the most recent batch on November 6 — that were posted on the Internet last week .
In a post on the progressive blog Daily Kos , ACLU spokesperson Rachel Myers drew attention to language in several of those documents implying that triggerfish have broader application than previously believed .
As one of the documents intended to provide guidance for DOJ employees explains , triggerfish can be deployed " without the user knowing about it , and without involving the cell phone provider . "
That may be significant because the legal rulings requiring law enforcement to meet a high " probable cause " standard before acquiring cell location records have , thus far , pertained to requests for information from providers , pursuant to statutes such as the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ( CALEA ) and the Stored Communications Act .
The Justice Department 's electronic surveillance manual explicitly suggests that triggerfish may be used to avoid restrictions in statutes like CALEA that bar the use of pen register or trap - and - trace devices — which allow tracking of incoming and outgoing calls from a phone subject to much less stringent evidentiary standards — to gather location data .
" By its very terms , " according to the manual , " this prohibition applies only to information collected by a provider and not to information collected directly by law enforcement authorities .
Thus , CALEA does not bar the use of pen / trap orders to authorize the use of cell phone tracking devices used to locate targeted cell phones . "
Perhaps surprisingly , it 's only with the passage of the USA PATRIOT
Act in 2001 that the government has needed any kind of court order to use triggerfish .
While previously , the statutory language governing pen register or trap - and - trace orders did not appear to cover location tracking technology .
Under the updated definition , these explicitly include any " device or process which records or decodes dialing , routing , addressing , and signaling information . "
Can you teach zombies to eat other delights , besides delicious brains ?
A difficult task perhaps , but one George Romero sinks his teeth into , in a promo video for his film ... Of The Dead .
Romero's next movie takes place on a little island being overrun by the undead .
But instead of hacking up each former family member into little zombie bits , the residents are trying to find a cure .
Unfortunately we all know what happens when you have one zombie : they reproduce like bunnies .
There 's a fight over who shall inherit the island — people looking for a zombie - free oasis , or those looking for a cure .
But most folks in the little town are content to chain up their loved ones inside their houses and pretend everything is all right .
So of course , havoc and mayhem ensue .
Advertisement
There still is n't a release date for this film , as it is in production , and who knows if the ... Of The Dead title will stay .
But still , it 's good to see Romero back in the undead business , even thought the quality of this clip is questionable .
But I keep my mind open for a redeeming and graphic thriller , after that whole Diary nonsense .
[ Voltage Pictures ]
FIVE times a day , Muslims around the world turn to face Mecca in prayer .
At least once in their lives , Muslims are also urged to join the annual pilgrimage to Islam 's holiest city .
This year , as in years gone by , millions of Muslims flocked to Mecca at the beginning of December on the haj , crowding its streets and filling the central Haram mosque to bursting .
The city has always struggled to deal with this massive influx of visitors and there is now talk of redesigning the mosque to increase its capacity .
At present the Haram mosque can hold up to 900,000 worshippers .
The new plans envisage creating space for 1.5 m people in the main part of the complex , with the intention of expanding capacity still further in the future to allow up to 3 m people to congregate there .
Norman Foster and Zaha Hadid , two respected and influential British architects , are among those who have apparently been approached to take on the project by King Abdullah , Saudi Arabia 's monarch whose list of titles also includes “ custodian of the two holy mosques ” .
Their involvement has raised hackles in Saudi Arabia .
Lord Foster may have won the prestigious Pritzker architecture prize but he is not a Muslim .
The idea of a non-Muslim redesigning one of the world 's most important mosques has provoked deep unease in Saudi Arabia .
And as only Muslims are permitted to enter Islam 's holiest city , were he to win the commission , Lord Foster would have the tricky task of seeing through his design from a distance .
This would not be the first time that foreign firms have been involved in sensitive building projects in the Middle East .
Ten years ago , United Automation , an American firm , was given the job of redesigning the sound system in Mecca 's central mosque .
The entire system was successfully planned and built without those in charge in attendance .
But rebuilding large sections of the world 's biggest mosque without ever setting foot inside would be quite a proposition .
Sami Angawi , a Saudi architect who founded the Haj Research Centre , which aims to preserve the history and architecture of Mecca and Medina , Islam 's second city , is apprehensive about the plans , reasonably pointing out that in order to design a mosque , you have to visit it .
Mr Angawi has also expressed his concern at the apparent lack of Saudi involvement .
Even before the plans to give the Haram mosque a facelift emerged , many Muslims were uneasy about the renovations already underway in Mecca .
The modern city bears little resemblance to the birthplace of the prophet Muhammad .
Visitors to Mecca can buy a latte from Starbucks and a snack from KFC or McDonald's .
Moreover , the first Islamic school where Muhammad is believed to have taught as well as the house of Khadija , his first wife , are believed to have been destroyed as construction in Mecca has boomed .
Critics such as Mr Angawi fear that if these plans go ahead , more damage will be wrought upon Mecca 's historic buildings .
Some suggest that Saudi Arabia 's rulers do n't concern themselves much about preserving these historic sites because their interpretation of Islam regards venerating holy places as akin to idol worship .
The proliferation of global chains , high - rise apartment blocks and five - star hotels has already raised fears that Saudi Arabia 's rulers are less worried about the welfare of the millions of pilgrims who voyage to Mecca every year than they are about squeezing as much money out of them as possible .
Tourism is a valuable component of the Saudi economy and of the 9 m visitors each year some 2.5 m come for the haj .
Taking part in the haj is a precarious business .
People are often killed in the crush as hundreds of thousands of pilgrims jostle their way through tunnels and over bridges to complete the various rituals that form the pilgrimage .
And as travelling to Saudi Arabia has become easier , more and more people are making the journey .
The Saudi authorities have come under considerable criticism in the past for failing to prevent the stampedes in which many have died .
The Saudi rulers are doubtless well aware of the sensitivities involved in the attempts to renovate Mecca .
And Lord Foster and Ms Hadid are used to criticism of their uncompromising modern architectural style .
But if they do end up revamping Mecca , they should be prepared for a particularly hostile reaction .
Alcoholism is a disease .
Does that mean that it is treatable by drugs , like many other diseases ?
An eminent French doctor believes he has found not just a treatment for compulsive drinking but a miracle cure .
He points in evidence to his star patient – himself .
The claims made by Dr Olivier Ameisen in a book which has jumped into the best - sellers ' list in France , have created a huge stir in the European medical establishment .
Fellow doctors in France and Switzerland – often under pressure from patients – have tested his methods and say they have been " astonished " by the results .
Other specialist doctors and anti-alcoholism campaigners are sceptical and even angry that Dr Ameisen – a leading cardiologist – should claim there is a simple pharmaceutical solution to what they insist is a complex physical , mental and social disease .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Nonetheless , anti-alcoholism clinics are being besieged by demands for treatment with the drug prescribed by Dr Ameisen in his book , Le Dernier Verre [ The Last Glass ] .
An English translation will be published next year .
The French government agency which tests new drugs has taken the unusual step of deciding to examine the doctor 's claims – unusual because the drug " discovered " is not new .
Baclofen is a cheap drug which has long been known as a cure for muscle spasms , especially among sufferers of cystic fibrosis or people who are partly or wholly paralysed .
Dr Ameisen says his own experience and that of other patients suggests it can also be used to ease and then destroy an intolerable craving for alcohol .
It is so effective , he claims , that alcoholics can go back to social drinking without fear of renewed dependency .
" Mine is the first case in which a course of medicine has completely suppressed alcohol addiction , " Dr Ameisen said .
" Now I can have a glass and it has no effect .
Above all , I no longer have that irrepressible need to drink . "
Another doctor who has tested it is Dr Renaud de Beaurepaire of the Paul - Guiraud hospital at Villejuif near Paris .
" I prescribed it to two alcoholics who were at the end of the road , " he said .
" It was pretty miraculous . "
Another alcoholism specialist , Philippe Michaud , is less convinced .
" This book has really dropped us in it , " he said .
" We are being besieged by calls and letters from people who want the same treatment . "
Dr Ameisen , 55 , became an eminent heart specialist as a young man in France and then associate professor of cardiology at Cornell University in New York .
In 1994 he began a lucrative private practice in Manhattan .
Despite his success , he felt crushed by a sense of inadequacy .
He writes in his book that he felt like " an impostor waiting to be unmasked " .
His means of relief was large doses of whisky and gin .
" I detested the taste of alcohol but I needed its effects to exist in society , " he says in Le Dernier Verre .
He spent nine months in alcohol - dependency clinics , treated with everything from hypnosis to acupuncture , to no avail .
He gave up his American practice and returned to France .
In 2000 , a friend sent him an article in The New York Times on how a course of baclofen , given to a patient with muscle problems , had cured his addiction to cocaine .
Dr Ameisen read the literature and discovered that the drug was also known to have cured alcohol and cocaine addiction in laboratory rats .
It had , however , never been used to treat human addiction .
In March 2002 he prescribed small daily doses of 5 mg of baclofen to himself .
" The first effects were a magical muscular relaxation and baby - like sleep , " he said .
He also found that he was no longer racked by a compelling necessity to drink .
After increasing the dose to 270mg a day , the doctor declared himself " cured " .
He still takes 50 mg a day .
Alcoholism specialists , without dismissing the claims , have been irritated to find a doctor from another specialism making such sweeping claims .
Xavier Laqueille , head of the St Anne hospital in Paris which treats addicts , said : " Alcoholism is a complex disease , in which both neuro - biological and psychosocial factors are entwined . "
Dr Michel Reynaud of the Paul - Brousse hospital in Paris said : " Encouraging people to think there is a miracle molecule is to completely misunderstand the nature of alcoholism and extremely irresponsible . "
The French government agency which tests and approves drugs , L'Agence française de securité sanitaire des produits de santé ( Afssaps ) , warns that baclofen is " not an anodyne drug " and can have adverse side - effects .
Nonetheless , Fabienne Bartoli , assistant to Afssaps ' head , says the agency will consider " how to organise clinical trials " which would put Dr Ameisen 's claims to the test .
No pharmaceutical company would sponsor such trials because baclofen has been out of copyright since 1997 .
A limited experiment has already been conducted by Dr Pascal Garche of the Geneva University Hospital alcoholism unit .
He gave 12 patients a course of baclofen .
Seven showed remarkable signs of recovery .
" I have never had reactions like this before , " he said .
" The book is going to set the cat among the pigeons . "
Dr Garche admitted that some patients withstand large doses of baclofen better than others .
He has sought permission to extend his programme .
Dr Renaud de Beaurepaire of the Paul - Guiraud hospital is in no doubt .
" Ameisen has made an extraordinary discovery , " he said .
" The whole world will thank him for it . "
Buck Burnette Facebook Comment Gets Him Kicked Off Team
, backup center for the # 5 Texas Longhorns , has been kicked off the team over racist comments he posted on his Facebook profile afterwon the presidential election .
Updating his status message shortly after Obama was elected president , Burnette wrote that hunters should get their guns .
Those who saw his Facebook page claim he also used a racial slur .
Burnette changed his status message to an apology , saying , “ Clearly I was in the wrong for what I did and I apologize for being a sore loser . ”
In another apology he said : “ Clearly I have made a mistake and apologized for it and will pay for it .
I received it as a text message from an acquaintance and immaturely put it up on facebook in the light of the election .
Im not racist and apologize for offending you .
I grew up on a ranch in a small town where that was a real thing and I need to grow up .
I sincerely am sorry for being ignorant in thinking that it would be ok to write that publicly and apologize to you in particular .
I have to be more mature than to put the reputation of my team at stake and to spread that kind of hate which I dont even believe in .
Once again , I sincerely apologize . ”
Burnette 's Facebook account has since been deleted .
When coach Mack Brown learned of what happened , he made the decision to release Burnette for what he called a violation of team rules .
Burnette , a sophomore , played in 20 games for the Longhorns , including seven this season at center or on special teams .
He missed the Colorado and Oklahoma games because of an injury .
View screencap of Buck Burnette 's Facebook page .
Yesterday it was learned that New England Patriots cheerleader Caitlin Davis was fired after posting inappropriate photos on Facebook .
It never ceases to amaze me that these people do n't realize everything on their profiles is public .
Report : Warner Bros. senior executive told staff “ something big is happening that day ”
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , November 3 , 2008
According to a report by Jeremy R. Hammond of the Foreign Policy Journal , senior executives of a major U.S. corporation were warned by a former CIA operative to leave New York on September 11 , 2001 , the latest smoking gun to add to a bulging stack of examples concerning specific prior knowledge of the attacks .
The article cites an anonymous source who worked under a managing director as number two at a European branch of the media giant Warner Bros .
The source ’s boss was close friends with a senior executive who worked at the head office in L.A. and had also formerly worked for the CIA .
During the memorial arrangements for a senior director from a foreign office who had died , the L.A. executive rejected September 11th as a date for the service because “ something big is happening that day ” and the top executives from the New York office would all be traveling out of the city .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
When asked further about this big event , the executive replied that it was a confidential matter and disclosed no further details , except to say that it was “ not corporate ” .
The source told the Journal , “ I had no reason to think that the ‘ event ’ could be anything more than perhaps a junket , an out of town think tank exercise or whatever – I remember that these possibilities ran through my mind . ”
But after 9/11 , thinking back upon the conversation , he grew more curious and tried to ascertain where the board members had been that day .
They had indeed been out of New York , he says , traveling not to one location , but each to their own destination .
Destinations included overseas locations such as Paris , London , and Amsterdam .
Foreign Policy Journal has not been able to verify the location of individuals on 9/11 or other aspects of the story concerning any potential warning received or given by any Time Warner executives , but did confirm the source ’s position at the foreign branch office , the name and position of that office ’s managing director , and the name and position of the senior executive from the Los Angeles office .
The fact that senior corporate executives were absent from New York on 9/11 is interesting considering what we know about Warren Buffet hosting a “ charity fundraiser ” that was preceded by CEO ’s receiving a tour of the US Strategic Command ( Stratcom ) headquarters at Offutt Air Force Base in Omaha , Nebraska , and also being given an “ unclassified mission briefing ” .
The corporate media has given limited coverage to reports of general prior knowledge about 9/11 , while almost universally ignoring specific examples of foreknowledge .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Perhaps the most blatant example of specific prior knowledge is the fact that , as Newsweek reported in its September 13th 2001 issue , top brass Pentagon officials were warned the night before the attacks and cancelled a trip scheduled for the next day .
Warnings about a big event happening in New York were widespread in the weeks and days before the attacks .
In a story entitled Some Got Warning : Do n’t Go Downtown on Sept. 11 , the New York Daily News reported , “ Some Middle Easterners in the New York area were warned ahead of time to stay out of lower Manhattan the morning of Sept. 11 , ” noting that federal investigators received tips about overheard conversations in which people were “ boasting about or warning about coming attacks . ”
Another case involved a Palestinian boy at the New Utrecht High School in Brooklyn .
On September 6th , 2001 , the boy looked out of his classroom window towards lower Manhattan and said , “ Do you see those two buildings ? ” while pointing at the WTC twin towers .
“ They wo n’t be standing there next week . ”
This was not an “ urban legend ” as some have claimed , it has been proven in triplicate by numerous mainstream media reports and acknowledged by federal authorities and the FBI .
This was just one example amongst several reports of schoolchildren in the New York area circulating knowledge of the attacks before they happened .
If school kids knew that a major attack was about to take place , how on earth could the most sophisticated intelligence apparatus in the world have failed to pick up on it ?
German police confirmed that an Iranian man frantically tried to warn U.S. authorities of an attack on the eve of 9/11 , attempting to call them from his deportation cell .
Another proven example of specific prior knowledge that the establishment has attempted to sideline as an “ urban myth ” is the story concerning the Israeli instant messaging company , Odigo .
A report by the Israeli newspaper Haaretz , which was later confirmed by the Washington Post , related how employees of Odigo were warned specifically about the attack via instant messages two hours in advance .
Mayor of San Francisco Willie Brown was set to fly into New York on the morning of September 11 .
However , he got a call from what he described as his ‘ airport security ’ late September 10th advising against flying due to a security threat .
Brown awoke on September 11th to scenes of the WTC on fire and his flight was cancelled .
A record number of ‘ put ’ options , speculation that the stock of a company will fall , were placed on American and United Airlines in the days preceding September 11th .
This despite a September 10th Reuters report stating ‘ airline stocks set to fly . ’
Between September 6 and 7 , the Chicago Board Options Exchange saw purchases of 4,744 put options on United
Airlines , but only 396 call options .
On September 10 , 4,516 put options on American Airlines were bought on the Chicago exchange , compared to only 748 calls .
The investigation as to which criminals benefited from advance knowledge of the terrorist attack led straight to Alex Brown / Deutsche Bank – chaired up until 1997 by executive director of the CIA , Buzzy Krongard .
This article was posted : Monday , November 3 , 2008 at 12:04 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Compared with straight men , gay men are more likely to be left - handed , to be the younger siblings of older brothers , and to have hair that whorls in a counterclockwise direction .
Researchers are finding common biological traits among gay men , feeding a growing consensus that sexual orientation is an inborn combination of genetic and environmental factors that largely decide a person ’s sexual attractions before they are born .
Such findings — including a highly anticipated study this winter — would further inform the debate over whether homosexuality is innate or a choice , an undercurrent of the recent Proposition 8 campaign in which television commercials warned that “ schools would begin teaching second - graders that boys could marry boys , ” suggesting homosexuality would then spread .
Some scientists say the political and moral debate over same - sex marriage frequently strayed from established scientific evidence , including comments by vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin that homosexuality is “ a choice ” and “ a decision . ”
Until 2007 , CNN polls had found that a majority of Americans believed gay people could change their sexual orientation if they chose to ; it was only last year that a majority for the first time said homosexuality was an inborn trait .
Christian groups such as Exodus International argue “ that homosexuals who desire to change can do so . ”
One prominent psychiatrist , Dr. Robert Spitzer of Columbia University , found controversial evidence that therapy can cause some gay people to change to a heterosexual orientation , although the study concluded that a “ complete change ” was uncommon .
While sexual behavior may be chosen , the preponderance of researchers say attraction is dictated by biology , with no demonstrated contribution from social factors such as parenting or other factors after birth .
A host of studies since the mid-1990s have found common biological traits between gay men , including left - handedness and the direction of hair whorls .
The likelihood that if one identical twin is gay , the other will also be gay is much higher than the “ concordance ” of homosexuality between fraternal twins , indicating that genes play a role in sexual orientation , but are not the entire cause .
“ In the past decade , I think the pendulum has swung more toward biological theory and biological causes , ” said Richard Lippa , a psychology professor at California State University - Fullerton , who has studied hair patterns and other biological traits in gay men . ”
Sven Bocklandt , a geneticist at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA , is bewildered by the argument that people choose their sexual attraction .
He said that virtually every animal species that has been studied — from sheep to fruit flies — has a small minority of individuals who demonstrate homosexual activity .
“ I really believe the reason most humans are straight is the same reason that most crocodiles are straight , and the same reason most whales are straight , ” Bocklandt said .
“ Nature would not leave something so important for reproduction , for the survival of the species , to coincidence . ”
Less understood is the degree to which sexual orientation is determined by genes or environmental factors , such as hormones or immunological factors that may act on a fetus .
What scientists call “ the fraternal birth order effect , ” the fact that each successive boy born to the same mother has a greater chance of being gay , may be due to an increasing immunological response by a mother ’s body to each male fetus in her womb .
Long discredited are theories that parenting — one mid-20th century theory held that boys raised by a domineering mother with a distant father were more likely to be gay — has anything to do with sexual orientation .
Evidence of that , said Michael Bailey , a professor of psychology at Northwestern University , comes from studies of genetically male infants born with malformed or ambiguous genitals .
In many such cases , surgeons would construct a vagina , and instruct parents to raise the child as a girl , with no knowledge of his medical history .
As adults , those prenatally male / postnatally female people were virtually all attracted to women , Bailey said .
“ If you ca n’t make a male attracted to other males by cutting off his penis , castrating him and rearing him as a girl , then how likely is any social explanation of male homosexuality ? ” he said .
Researchers are eagerly awaiting a DNA study of male siblings with at least one gay brother by Bailey and other scientists at Northwestern University due in early 2009 , because it may shed light on the role genetics plays in sexual attraction .
By researching 800 sets of brothers , by far the largest study of its type , the Northwestern study is searching for the specific genes that influence some brothers to be gay and others to be heterosexual .
Women may have more fluidity of sexual expression than men , but that does n’t mean they do n’t have a specific sexual orientation , said Lisa Diamond , a professor of psychology and gender studies at the University of Utah who studies female sexual orientation .
One explanation is that women ’s sexual behavior is driven more by relationships .
For some women , “ your sexual orientation does not provide the last word on the sorts of behaviors and identities you might experience in your lifetime , ” Diamond said .
“ Some lesbian women are predominantly attracted to women , but some of them have found themselves becoming incredibly close to their best male friends , sometimes having sex with them .
It does not make them straight .
It ’s not , since you had a one - night stand with your male friend , that you can choose to become straight . ”
Contact Mike Swift at ( 408 ) 271-3648 or at mswift@mercurynews.com .
Kennedy chose Robert Frost in 1961 .
Carter was joined by James Dickey in 1977 .
Clinton invited Maya Angelou in 1993 , and she was followed , four years later , by Miller Williams .
A president is not obligated to have a poet read at his inauguration ( indeed , a poetless George W. Bush was swarn into office in 2001 , a decision that David Lehman in Salon called " a bleak omen of his administration 's attitude toward culture " ) .
But Barack Obama 's soaring rhetoric and eloquent speaking style that captivated millions during his long campaign has some wondering if he will invite a poet to read a little something next January .
More than one blogger has suggested poet laureate Kay Ryan could get the call .
It 's doubtful that Obama would invite Angelou for a repeat performance , but the final stanza of her 1993 poem , " On the Pulse of Morning , " dovetails nicely with Obama 's message of hope :
Here on the pulse of this new day
You may have the grace to look up and out
And into your sister 's eyes , into
Your brother 's face , your country
And say simply
Very simply
With hope
Good morning .
Do you think Obama will invite a poet to read at his inauguration ?
If so , who will it be ?
Let us know by posting a comment below .
In June astrobiologists announced [ pdf ] they had found a key component of genetic material within a meteorite .
The discovery supports the idea that asteroid bombardment four billion years ago may have jump - started the emergence of life .
Zita Martins of Imperial College London and her colleagues identified the organic molecules in the 4.6 - billion - year - old Mur­chison meteorite , a carbon - rich rock that fell to Earth in Australia in 1969 .
Earlier researchers had detected subunits of DNA and RNA , called nucleobases , in the meteor­ite .
But nobody could be sure whether the nucleobases were extraterrestrial or were simply soil contaminants .
Martins found the answer by extracting two molecules from the meteorite : uracil , a nucleobase found in RNA , and xanthine , an intermediate in the synthesis of DNA and RNA .
She then compared the ratio of the two isotopes of carbon ( carbon 13 and carbon 12 ) in them and found that the heavier carbon 13 predominated and matched the ratio found in carbon - containing chemicals created in space .
By contrast , soil samples from the meteorite ’s fall site contained uracil with more carbon 12 .
“ This is the first time anybody has proved that nucleobases in a meteorite are extraterrestrial , ” Martins says .
The results imply that prebiotic chemistry may be bubbling up in other parts of the cosmos too .
“ Meteorites and comets bombarded other planets , ” Martins says .
“ So it means that the building blocks of life were delivered to other points in our solar system .
If these building blocks were synthesized in space , they could be widespread throughout the universe . ”
" It 's always a sweet feeling to be a champion , " the Dolphins quarterback said after beating the New York Jets 24 - 17 on Sunday .
" That 's what we are : AFC East champions .
It 's a great feeling .
This organization has been unbelievable .
They accepted me from the get - go .
This has been an unbelievable ride . "
And an improbable one at that .
Pennington , cut in the offseason by the Jets to make room for an aging Brett Favre , threw two touchdown passes against his former team and helped the Dolphins ( 11 - 5 ) complete a remarkable turnaround .
" It 's not a revenge factor , " Pennington said .
" This week , being the 17th week , it was strictly focused on winning the championship , knowing that we controlled our own destiny .
It just so happened that it had to come through New York .
That 's the only way fate would have it . "
A year after going 1 - 15 , the Dolphins joined the 1999 Indianapolis Colts as the only teams in NFL history to make 10 - game improvements .
Miami , under first - year coach Tony Sparano , has won five straight and nine of 10 in making the playoffs for the first time in seven seasons and winning its first AFC East title since 2000 .
" I do n't think words can describe it , " running back Ronnie Brown said .
" Earlier in the season , we could only imagine being in this situation . "
And now , Miami ( 11 - 5 ) will host Baltimore ( 11 - 5 ) in the first round next Sunday .
" Around this time last year , we were going home with no return , " receiver Ted Ginn Jr. said .
Meanwhile , Favre and the Jets ( 9 - 7 ) were left to wonder what happened to them -- and what 's to come .
After an 8 - 3 start and being mentioned as possible Super Bowl contenders with an NFL - high seven Pro Bowl selections , New York went into a tailspin by losing four of its last five -- with Favre looking every bit a 39 - year - old quarterback .
" The hardest part is the finality of it , " Favre said , " especially when you expect to go on . "
Whether Favre goes on remains to be seen .
He said he 'll have an MRI exam Monday on his ailing right shoulder , saying it would affect his decision on whether he 'll come back for another season .
Favre said he 's been feeling discomfort in the shoulder for quite some time .
" It hurts in the back [ of the shoulder ] , hurts down in the biceps and , occasionally , in my neck , " he said .
" Other than that , it 's fine . "
Five Major Misconceptions about Evolution
Copyright © 1995 - 1997 by Mark Isaak
[ Last Update : October 1 , 2003 ]
Other Links : A Creationist Rebuts this FAQ Creationist Tim Wallace has written a rebuttal of each of the points made in this FAQ .
( Despite its pilfered masthead , Wallace 's web page is not a part of the Talk .
Origins Archive . )
A Critique of Wallace Evolutionist Wayne Duck responds to Tim Wallace 's rebuttal .
large part of the reason why Creationist arguments against evolution can sound so persuasive is because they do n't address evolution , but rather argue against a set of misunderstandings that people are right to consider ludicrous .
The Creationists wrongly believe that their understanding of evolution is what the theory of evolution really says , and declare evolution banished .
In fact , they have n't even addressed the topic of evolution .
( The situation is n't helped by poor science education generally .
Even most beginning college biology students do n't understand the theory of evolution . )
The five propositions below seem to be the most common misconceptions based on a Creationist straw - man version of evolution .
If you hear anyone making any of them , chances are excellent that they do n't know enough about the real theory of evolution to make informed opinions about it .
Evolution has never been observed .
Evolution violates the 2nd law of thermodynamics .
There are no transitional fossils .
The theory of evolution says that life originated , and evolution proceeds , by random chance .
Evolution is only a theory ; it has n't been proved .
" Evolution has never been observed . "
Biologists define evolution as a change in the gene pool of a population over time .
One example is insects developing a resistance to pesticides over the period of a few years .
Even most Creationists recognize that evolution at this level is a fact .
What they do n't appreciate is that this rate of evolution is all that is required to produce the diversity of all living things from a common ancestor .
The origin of new species by evolution has also been observed , both in the laboratory and in the wild .
See , for example , ( Weinberg , J.R. , V.R. Starczak , and D. Jorg , 1992 , " Evidence for rapid speciation following a founder event in the laboratory . "
Evolution 46 : 1214-1220 ) .
The " Observed Instances of Speciation " FAQ in the talk .origins archives gives several additional examples .
Even without these direct observations , it would be wrong to say that evolution has n't been observed .
Evidence is n't limited to seeing something happen before your eyes .
Evolution makes predictions about what we would expect to see in the fossil record , comparative anatomy , genetic sequences , geographical distribution of species , etc. , and these predictions have been verified many times over .
The number of observations supporting evolution is overwhelming .
What has n't been observed is one animal abruptly changing into a radically different one , such as a frog changing into a cow .
This is not a problem for evolution because evolution does n't propose occurrences even remotely like that .
In fact , if we ever observed a frog turn into a cow , it would be very strong evidence against evolution .
" Evolution violates the 2nd law of thermodynamics . "
This shows more a misconception about thermodynamics than about evolution .
The second law of thermodynamics says , " No process is possible in which the sole result is the transfer of energy from a cooler to a hotter body . "
[ Atkins , 1984 , The Second Law , pg. 25 ]
Now you may be scratching your head wondering what this has to do with evolution .
The confusion arises when the 2nd law is phrased in another equivalent way , " The entropy of a closed system cannot decrease . "
Entropy is an indication of unusable energy and often ( but not always ! ) corresponds to intuitive notions of disorder or randomness .
Creationists thus misinterpret the 2nd law to say that things invariably progress from order to disorder .
However , they neglect the fact that life is not a closed system .
The sun provides more than enough energy to drive things .
If a mature tomato plant can have more usable energy than the seed it grew from , why should anyone expect that the next generation of tomatoes can't have more usable energy still ?
Creationists sometimes try to get around this by claiming that the information carried by living things lets them create order .
However , not only is life irrelevant to the 2nd law , but order from disorder is common in nonliving systems , too .
Snowflakes , sand dunes , tornadoes , stalactites , graded river beds , and lightning are just a few examples of order coming from disorder in nature ; none require an intelligent program to achieve that order .
In any nontrivial system with lots of energy flowing through it , you are almost certain to find order arising somewhere in the system .
If order from disorder is supposed to violate the 2nd law of thermodynamics , why is it ubiquitous in nature ?
The thermodynamics argument against evolution displays a misconception about evolution as well as about thermodynamics , since a clear understanding of how evolution works should reveal major flaws in the argument .
Evolution says that organisms reproduce with only small changes between generations ( after their own kind , so to speak ) .
For example , animals might have appendages which are longer or shorter , thicker or flatter , lighter or darker than their parents .
Occasionally , a change might be on the order of having four or six fingers instead of five .
Once the differences appear , the theory of evolution calls for differential reproductive success .
For example , maybe the animals with longer appendages survive to have more offspring than short - appendaged ones .
All of these processes can be observed today .
They obviously do n't violate any physical laws .
" There are no transitional fossils . "
A transitional fossil is one that looks like it's from an organism intermediate between two lineages , meaning it has some characteristics of lineage A , some characteristics of lineage B , and probably some characteristics part way between the two .
Transitional fossils can occur between groups of any taxonomic level , such as between species , between orders , etc .
Ideally , the transitional fossil should be found stratigraphically between the first occurrence of the ancestral lineage and the first occurrence of the descendent lineage , but evolution also predicts the occurrence of some fossils with transitional morphology that occur after both lineages .
There 's nothing in the theory of evolution which says an intermediate form ( or any organism , for that matter ) can have only one line of descendents , or that the intermediate form itself has to go extinct when a line of descendents evolves .
To say there are no transitional fossils is simply false .
Paleontology has progressed a bit since Origin of Species was published , uncovering thousands of transitional fossils , by both the temporally restrictive and the less restrictive definitions .
The fossil record is still spotty and always will be ; erosion and the rarity of conditions favorable to fossilization make that inevitable .
Also , transitions may occur in a small population , in a small area , and / or in a relatively short amount of time ; when any of these conditions hold , the chances of finding the transitional fossils goes down .
Still , there are still many instances where excellent sequences of transitional fossils exist .
Some notable examples are the transitions from reptile to mammal , from land animal to early whale , and from early ape to human .
For many more examples , see the transitional fossils FAQ in the talk . origins archive , and see http://www.geo.ucalgary.ca/~macrae/talk_origins.html for sample images for some invertebrate groups .
The misconception about the lack of transitional fossils is perpetuated in part by a common way of thinking about categories .
When people think about a category like " dog " or " ant , " they often subconsciously believe that there is a well - defined boundary around the category , or that there is some eternal ideal form ( for philosophers , the Platonic idea ) which defines the category .
This kind of thinking leads people to declare that Archaeopteryx is " 100 % bird , " when it is clearly a mix of bird and reptile features ( with more reptile than bird features , in fact ) .
In truth , categories are man-made and artificial .
Nature is not constrained to follow them , and it does n't .
Some Creationists claim that the hypothesis of punctuated equilibrium was proposed ( by Eldredge and Gould ) to explain gaps in the fossil record .
Actually , it was proposed to explain the relative rarity of transitional forms , not their total absence , and to explain why speciation appears to happen relatively quickly in some cases , gradually in others , and not at all during some periods for some species .
In no way does it deny that transitional sequences exist .
In fact , both Gould and Eldredge are outspoken opponents of Creationism .
" But paleontologists have discovered several superb examples of intermediary forms and sequences , more than enough to convince any fair - minded skeptic about the reality of life 's physical genealogy . "
- Stephen Jay Gould , Natural History , May 1994
" The theory of evolution says that life originated , and evolution proceeds , by random chance . "
There is probably no other statement which is a better indication that the arguer does n't understand evolution .
Chance certainly plays a large part in evolution , but this argument completely ignores the fundamental role of natural selection , and selection is the very opposite of chance .
Chance , in the form of mutations , provides genetic variation , which is the raw material that natural selection has to work with .
From there , natural selection sorts out certain variations .
Those variations which give greater reproductive success to their possessors ( and chance ensures that such beneficial mutations will be inevitable ) are retained , and less successful variations are weeded out .
When the environment changes , or when organisms move to a different environment , different variations are selected , leading eventually to different species .
Harmful mutations usually die out quickly , so they do n't interfere with the process of beneficial mutations accumulating .
Nor is abiogenesis ( the origin of the first life ) due purely to chance .
Atoms and molecules arrange themselves not purely randomly , but according to their chemical properties .
In the case of carbon atoms especially , this means complex molecules are sure to form spontaneously , and these complex molecules can influence each other to create even more complex molecules .
Once a molecule forms that is approximately self - replicating , natural selection will guide the formation of ever more efficient replicators .
The first self - replicating object did n't need to be as complex as a modern cell or even a strand of DNA .
Some self - replicating molecules are not really all that complex ( as organic molecules go ) .
Some people still argue that it is wildly improbable for a given self - replicating molecule to form at a given point ( although they usually do n't state the " givens , " but leave them implicit in their calculations ) .
This is true , but there were oceans of molecules working on the problem , and no one knows how many possible self - replicating molecules could have served as the first one .
A calculation of the odds of abiogenesis is worthless unless it recognizes the immense range of starting materials that the first replicator might have formed from , the probably innumerable different forms that the first replicator might have taken , and the fact that much of the construction of the replicating molecule would have been non-random to start with .
( One should also note that the theory of evolution does n't depend on how the first life began .
The truth or falsity of any theory of abiogenesis would n't affect evolution in the least . )
" Evolution is only a theory ; it has n't been proved . "
First , we should clarify what " evolution " means .
Like so many other words , it has more than one meaning .
Its strict biological definition is " a change in allele frequencies over time . "
By that definition , evolution is an indisputable fact .
Most people seem to associate the word " evolution " mainly with common descent , the theory that all life arose from one common ancestor .
Many people believe that there is enough evidence to call this a fact , too .
However , common descent is still not the theory of evolution , but just a fraction of it ( and a part of several quite different theories as well ) .
The theory of evolution not only says that life evolved , it also includes mechanisms , like mutations , natural selection , and genetic drift , which go a long way towards explaining how life evolved .
Calling the theory of evolution " only a theory " is , strictly speaking , true , but the idea it tries to convey is completely wrong .
The argument rests on a confusion between what " theory " means in informal usage and in a scientific context .
A theory , in the scientific sense , is " a coherent group of general propositions used as principles of explanation for a class of phenomena " [ Random House American College Dictionary ] .
The term does not imply tentativeness or lack of certainty .
Generally speaking , scientific theories differ from scientific laws only in that laws can be expressed more tersely .
Being a theory implies self - consistency , agreement with observations , and usefulness .
( Creationism fails to be a theory mainly because of the last point ; it makes few or no specific claims about what we would expect to find , so it can't be used for anything .
When it does make falsifiable predictions , they prove to be false . )
Lack of proof is n't a weakness , either .
On the contrary , claiming infallibility for one 's conclusions is a sign of hubris .
Nothing in the real world has ever been rigorously proved , or ever will be .
Proof , in the mathematical sense , is possible only if you have the luxury of defining the universe you 're operating in .
In the real world , we must deal with levels of certainty based on observed evidence .
The more and better evidence we have for something , the more certainty we assign to it ; when there is enough evidence , we label the something a fact , even though it still is n't 100 % certain .
What evolution has is what any good scientific claim has -- evidence , and lots of it .
Evolution is supported by a wide range of observations throughout the fields of genetics , anatomy , ecology , animal behavior , paleontology , and others .
If you wish to challenge the theory of evolution , you must address that evidence .
You must show that the evidence is either wrong or irrelevant or that it fits another theory better .
Of course , to do this , you must know both the theory and the evidence .
Conclusion
These are not the only misconceptions about evolution by any means .
Other common misunderstandings include how geological dating techniques work , implications to morality and religion , the meaning of " uniformitarianism , " and many more .
To address all these objections here would be impossible .
But consider : About a hundred years ago , scientists , who were then mostly creationists , looked at the world to figure out how God did things .
These creationists came to the conclusions of an old earth and species originating by evolution .
Since then , thousands of scientists have been studying evolution with increasingly more sophisticated tools .
Many of these scientists have excellent understandings of the laws of thermodynamics , how fossil finds are interpreted , etc. , and finding a better alternative to evolution would win them fame and fortune .
Sometimes their work has changed our understanding of significant details of how evolution operates , but the theory of evolution still has essentially unanimous agreement from the people who work on it .
Further Reading
The " FAQ " files listed below are available on World Wide Web via http://www.talkorigins.org/.
They are also available via ftp at ics.uci.edu , directory / pub / origins .
Messages with more information on how to access them are posted regularly to talk .origins .
The archive also contains many other files which may be of interest .
For what evolution means , how it works , and the evidence for it :
Colby , Chris. faq - intro - to - biology : Introduction to Evolutionary Biology
Mayr , Ernst .
1991 .
One Long Argument
Darwin , Charles .
1859 .
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection
Boxhorn , Joseph . faq - speciation : Observed Instances of Speciation
Weiner , Jonathan .
1994 .
The Beak of the Finch : A Story of Evolution in Our Time
Dawkins , Richard .
1986 .
The Blind Watchmaker
Bonner , John T. 1988 .
The Evolution of Complexity by Means of Natural Selection
Kauffman , Stuart A. 1993 .
The Origins of Order : Self - Organization and Selection in Evolution [ very technical ]
Atkins , Peter W. 1984 .
The Second Law
Colbert , Edwin H. 1991 .
Evolution of the Vertebrates , 4th ed .
Hunt , Kathleen .
faq - transitional : Transitional Fossils
Strahler , Arthur . 1987 .
Science and Earth History
Isaak , Mark ( ed. )
An Index to Creationist Claims
Reflective Crops Could Counteract Climate Change
January 22nd , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Sometimes , the best solutions are the ones that nature gives us .
Researchers at the University of Bristol in England think that one easy way to counteract global warming is to plant crops that reflect more sunlight .
Plants reflect different amount of sunlight depending on their waxiness and growth patterns .
The researchers ’ bio-geoengineering technique could potentially lead to a 2 °F drop in temperature across central North America and pieces of Europe and Asia .
Existing crops could be used and more reflective crops could also be bred or genetically engineered .
While bio - geoengineering wo n’t put a complete stop to global warming , it is a relatively cheap , simple tool that could at least buy us some time .
Photo Credit : CC licensed by Flickr user Jim Moran
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Solar Energy Breakthrough Could Cut Costs By More Than 50 %
January 19th , 2009 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
A US - based company has successfully tested a revolutionary solar panel that is expected to cut the costs of photovoltaic solar power generation by more than 50 per cent , and herald a new era of improved efficiency and lower production costs of solar energy globally .
The panel , known as the Alubond Solar Collector Panel ( SCP ) , was created by American Building Technologies , a subsidiary of the UAE - based multinational group Mulk Holdings .
Commenting on the breakthrough , a spokesman for Mulk said , “ We hope the success of this project will lead to an upsurge in the development of more solar energy plants , which will not only lessen the strain on existing energy resources , but also severely reduce the pollution levels that are currently witnessed in power generation . ”
>>
Want cheap solar ?
Join the most effective community solar purchasing program in the US .
Conventional solar troughs used in solar generation are either embedded in heavy glass mirrors , weighing over 12.5 kg per sq m , or single - skin aluminium with a high - reflective laminated film , requiring heavy support structures and numerous riveting that reduces the efficiency of the troughs .
The spokesman said “ Alubond SCP is a 3 mm composite weighing approximately 4 kg per sq m with a 92 - per-cent reflectivity .
The product ’s ability to retain a parabolic shape to precise coordinates , and its lightweight features and innovative rivetless joining process , substantially reduces the substructure costs . ”
The patented SCPs have already been chosen for a $ 200 million - plus solar energy generation plant project in New Mexico City .
The company hopes that the second phase of the project , scheduled to go ‘ live ’ in December 2009 , will have great implications for the Gulf region and Middle East energy requirements .
Image Credit – markus941 via flickr on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Just in time for the holidays , we bring you the latest YouTube sensation : A video of Sarah Palin talking to reporters on a turkey farm yesterday while , in the background , a farm worker slaughters turkeys and drains their blood .
The gruesome footage was shot at a farm in Gov. Palin 's hometown of Wasilla , Alaska .
She was there to grant the traditional Thanksgiving pardon to one turkey .
You can watch what happens to the turkeys who were n't pardoned below .
But be warned : it is not for the faint of heart .
-- Kate Linthicum
Tribune Co. is preparing for a possible filing for bankruptcy - court protection as soon as this week , according to people familiar with the matter , in a sign of worsening trouble for the newspaper industry .
In recent days , as Chicago - based Tribune continued talks with lenders to restructure its debt , the newspaper - and - television concern hired investment bank Lazard Ltd. as its financial adviser and law firm Sidley Austin to advise the company on a possible trip through Chapter 11 bankruptcy , people familiar with the matter ...
Click to print ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
In an ingenious geek - out that ’s almost too perfectly suited for TED , designer Ken Moore presents a much - anticipated hack of the Nintendo Wii Remote : a theremin .
It seems to be a nearly serendipitous merger of TEDTalks by thereminist Pamelia Kurstin and Wii hacker Johnny Lee .
Has anyone seen other hybridized Ideas Worth Spreading ( coincidental or not ) ?
Leave us a comment .
( Via Boing Boing and a zillion others . )
Home Winemaking and Home Beermaking ( homebrew ) are exciting and rewarding hobbies .
They are fun to make and save you money .
The purpose of this site is to show everyone who would like to make wine just how easy it really is ! for BEER , go to
www.homebeermaking.co.uk
Today there are many thousands of enthusiasts making wines many of which are comparable , or even better than , commercial products .
Standards are steadily rising and many winemakers are making wines of such high quality , that they are only too happy to share them with absolute pride .
A glass of home made wine is a tradition of old English hospitality that your guests will always appreciate .
However , remember the virtues of moderation ... home made wines are often surprisingly high in alcohol content .
You can start by using your own fresh fruit or that gathered from the many pick - your - own orchards and fields that are open to town dwellers , where there are many fruits to choose from .
First - class kit wines can also be made by using grape concentrate that is available from your local home winemaking stockist .
By using grape concentrates , you can make wine that originates in many parts of the world , bringing to your table a truly international flavour .
You can choose to make dry or sweet wines , light or full bodied , white , rose or red .
Winemaking can be a novel experience in its planning , making , tasting and by the sharing with others , adding to the joy of having a good time with good company .
Nowadays , the quality of home made wines are better than ever .
The items described on this web site are available from your local homebrew specialist .
Whatever you need , please use and support a specialist shop .
Unfortunately , we realise that nowadays many winemakers do not have a local homebrew specialist shop , which concerns us because there is a need for the winemaker to maintain continuity of supplies .
We can supply mail order but only in cases where there are no known specialist shops in your area .
Rogues Gallery
Accused of running a $ 50 billion Ponzi sceme , Bernie Madoff may have masterminded the biggest fraud in Wall Street history .
But he ’s not alone .
Over the years , people from CEOS to traders have tried to take advantage of the system .
Here are a few of them in past two decades .
Accused of running a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme , Bernie Madoff may have masterminded the biggest fraud in Wall Street history .
But he ’s not alone .
Over the years , people from CEOS to traders have tried to take advantage of the system .
Here are some of the notables from the past two decades .
Jerome Kerviel
The French trader was charged in January 2008 of abuse of confidence and illegal access to computers for losing a reported $ 7 billion for Societe Generale
The French trader was charged in January , 2008 , of abuse of confidence and illegal access to computers for losing a reported $ 7 billion for Societe Generale .
His case is still pending .
Dennis Kozlowski
The former Tyco International CEO was convicted in June 2005 for misappropriation of about $ 400 million of the company ’s funds .
He was sentenced to a prison term of eight years and four months to 25 - years .
The former Tyco International CEO was convicted in June , 2005 , for misappropriation of about $ 400 million of the company ’s funds .
He was sentenced to a prison term of up to 25 years .
Kenneth Lay , Jeffrey Skilling
Enron filed for bankruptcy in 2001 following massive accounting fraud and a run on its stock and the two CEOs were convicted in 2006 .
Lay died before sentencing .
Skilling is in prison .
Enron filed for bankruptcy in 2001 following massive accounting fraud and a run on its stock .
The two CEOs , Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skillling , were convicted in 2006 .
Lay died before sentencing .
Skilling is in prison .
Bernie Ebbers
Ebbers , the former CEO of WorldCom , was convicted of fraud and conspiracy for falsifying the telecommunications company ’s finances and later imprisoned .
It ’s estimated that the fraud cost investors about $ 11 billion .
Ebbers , the former CEO of WorldCom , was imprisoned on charges of fraud and conspiracy for falsifying the telecommunications company ’s finances .
It ’s estimated that the fraud cost investors about $ 11 billion .
John Rigas
Once the world 's largest cable company , Adelphia filed for bankruptcy in 2002 amid allegations of corruption among the company 's founders and leaders , including CEO John Rigas .
Rigas was convicted in 2005 and is currently serving a prison sentence .
Once the world 's largest cable company , Adelphia filed for bankruptcy in 2002 amid allegations of corruption among the company 's founders and leaders , including CEO John Rigas .
Rigas was convicted in 2005 and is currently serving a prison sentence .
Nick Leeson
The British investment bank Barings collapsed after massive currency market losses incurred yet hidden by trader Leeson in 1995 .
The fraud cost the company about $ 1.4 billion in losses .
ING bought the company for one British pound , and assumed all of its debt .
Leeson is now out of prison .
The British investment bank Barings collapsed after massive currency market losses were incurred but hidden by trader Leeson in 1995 .
The fraud cost the company about $ 1.4 billion in losses .
ING bought the company for one British pound , and assumed all of its debt .
Leeson is now out of prison .
Charles Keating
Keating was charged with fraud , racketeering and conspiracy in 1993 over the 1989 failure of Lincoln Savings and Loan
He spent over 4 years in jail before the charges were overturned in 1996 .
The failure of Lincoln cost the government an estimated $ 3 billion .
Keating was charged with fraud , racketeering and conspiracy in 1993 over the 1989 failure of Lincoln Savings and Loan .
He spent more than four years in jail before the charges were overturned in 1996 .
The failure of Lincoln cost the government an estimated $ 3 billion .
Michael Milken
Junk bonds pioneer Michael Milken was convicted on securities charges in 1990 .
He was released from prison after less than two years .
Junk bonds pioneer Michael Milken was convicted on securities charges in 1990 .
He was released from prison after less than two years .
Ivan Boesky
Boesky pleaded guilty to insider trading in 1986 , and said that he amassed much of his $ 200 million fortune using illegal information .
He served two years in jail before being released .
Boesky pleaded guilty to insider trading in 1986 , and said that he amassed much of his $ 200 million fortune using illegal information .
He served two years in jail before being released .
Hunt Brothers
Oil executive Nelson Hunt and his brother William Hunt tried to corner the market on silver .
The market eventually crashed in 1980 , a day known as Silver Thursday .
The Hunts were convicted in 1988 .
A Good Samaritan whose well - meaning but careless rescue effort injures an accident victim can be sued for damages , the state Supreme Court ruled Thursday .
The court said California 's shield against liability for emergency help applies only to people trying to provide medical help .
The 4 - 3 ruling allows a 27 - year - old Los Angeles woman to go to trial in her suit against a friend who pulled her out of a wrecked car and , in the process , allegedly caused injuries that left her permanently paralyzed .
The friend , Lisa Torti , said she had seen smoke and thought the car was about to explode , but other witnesses said they had seen no signs of danger .
The court majority said the law Torti cited to try to dismiss the lawsuit was intended only to encourage people to learn first aid and use it in emergencies , not to give Good Samaritans blanket immunity when they act negligently .
Dissenting justices said the ruling would discourage people from trying to save lives .
The case dates from 2004 , when a group of friends including Torti and Alexandra Van Horn left a bar in suburban Chatsworth ( Los Angeles County ) in two cars after a Halloween party .
The car in which Van Horn was a passenger went out of control and hit a light pole .
Torti , in the other car , pulled Van Horn out just before emergency crews arrived to take her to the hospital , where she underwent surgery for a spinal cord injury and a lacerated liver .
Torti testified that she had carried her friend out carefully , with one arm under her legs and one behind her back .
But Van Horn said Torti had grabbed her by the arm and yanked her out .
Other witnesses said Torti had set Van Horn down next to the car , despite Torti 's testimony that she was worried the vehicle would blow up .
Torti sought to dismiss the suit under a 1980 state law that bars damage suits against anyone who " in good faith , and not for compensation , renders emergency care at the scene of an emergency " - even for negligent acts that injure the victim .
Although the law does not distinguish between types of emergency care , the court majority said the context shows it was meant to be limited to medical care .
The law was part of a package of legislation on emergency medical services , Justice Carlos Moreno said in the majority opinion .
Mozilla is set to remove Google from its lofty seat atop Firefox browsers , for Russian language users at least , in favor of rival Russian search engine Yandex .
Now the default search provider for the Russian version of Firefox 3.1 ( due in a matter of weeks ) , the move is a big win for Yandex , and a loss for Google in the Russian market .
Harvey Anderson , Mozilla General Counsel , wrote that after research efforts were conducted that Mozilla came , " to the conclusion that our Russian users really wanted direct access to the Yandex search services in official Firefox RU builds .
As a result , we ’re planning on setting Yandex as the default search provider for the Firefox 3.1 Russian locale builds ( these changes should go into the current beta for testing ) .
This means that , upon download and launch , the Firefox Start Page for RU locale builds will use Yandex for search queries , and the search bar will default to Yandex . "
The Google - Mozilla relationship is essential to both parties : it gives Google massive distribution , and provides Mozilla with most of its revenue .
And yet the Yandex move , plus Google 's debut of Firefox competitor Chrome , must surely cause a little friction in this mutually beneficial relationship .
[ via CNET ]
More Google Resources From Mashable
Headache sufferers either benefit from acupuncture or they mentally fool themselves into thinking acupuncture helps , according to two separate systematic reviews by Cochrane Researchers which show that acupuncture is an effective treatment for prevention of headaches and migraines , but faked procedures , in which needles are incorrectly inserted , can be just as effective .
In each study , the researchers tried to establish whether acupuncture could reduce the occurrence of headaches .
One study focused on mild to moderate but frequent ' tension - type ' headaches , whilst the other focused on more severe but less frequent headaches usually termed migraines .
Together the two studies included 33 trials , involving a total of 6,736 patients .
Overall , following a course of at least eight weeks , patients treated with acupuncture suffered fewer headaches compared to those who were given only pain killers .
In the migraine study , acupuncture was superior to proven prophylactic drug treatments , but faked treatments were no less effective .
In the tension headache study , true acupuncture was actually slightly more effective than faked treatments .
" Much of the clinical benefit of acupuncture might be due to non-specific needling effects and powerful placebo effects , meaning selection of specific needle points may be less important than many practitioners have traditionally argued , " says lead researcher of both studies , Klaus Linde , who works at the Centre for Complementary Medicine Research at the Technical University of Munich , Germany .
The results indicate that acupuncture could be a used as an alternative for those patients who prefer not to use drug treatments , and additionally may result in fewer side effects .
However , Linde says more research is still required , " Doctors need to know how long improvements associated with acupuncture will last and whether better trained acupuncturists really achieve better results than those with basic training only .
" Linde K , Allais G , Brinkhaus B , Manheimer E , Vickers A , White AR , '' Acupuncture for tension - type headache ( Review ) " , The Cochrane Library 2009 , Issue 1 Linde K , Allais G , Brinkhaus B , Manheimer E , Vickers A , White AR , " Acupuncture for migraine prophylaxis ( Review ) " , The Cochrane Library 2009 , Issue 1
[ rabbitmq- announce ] RabbitMQ 1.5.1 released
The RabbitMQ team is pleased to announce the release of RabbitMQ 1.5.1 .
This release has ' final ' status and fixes a number of bugs in the server , the .net client , and the Debian / RPM packaging .
For details see the attached release notes .
Binary and source distributions of the new release can be found in the usual place , at http://www.rabbitmq.com/download.html
We recommend that all users of earlier versions of RabbitMQ upgrade to this latest release .
As always , we welcome any questions , bug reports , and other feedback on this release , as well as general suggestions for features and enhancements in future releases .
Mail us via the RabbitMQ discussion list at rabbitmq - discuss at lists.rabbitmq.com , or directly at info at rabbitmq.com .
Regards , The RabbitMQ Team Release : RabbitMQ 1.5.1 Status : final Release Highlights ==================
server ------ bug fixes - handle race condition between routing and queue deletion that could cause errors on message publication - the default settings for RABBITMQ_SERVER_ERL_ARGS were not taken into account , resulting in decreased network performance - add workaround for the Erlang / OTP bug OTP - 7025 , which caused errors in topic routing in Erlang / OTP versions older than R12B - 1 - display the nodes of queue and connection processes in rabbitmqctl 's list_{queues , connections} command .
Previously we displayed pids , which was broken and not particularly useful .
enhancements - enable ' channel.flow '- based producer throttling by default on Linux - include stack traces in error reports in rabbit.log - speed up rabbitmqctl and rabbitmq - multi Java client -----------
no significant changes . net client ----------- bug fixes - handle race condition in client - initiated connection closure that could result in an OperationInterruptedException enhancements - re-enable heartbeating by default building & packaging --------------------
bug fixes - fix bug that caused removal of RPMs to be incomplete - produce separate RPMs for SuSE - like systems to resolve various incompatibilities - rename BUILD to README in order to prevent build failures on systems with case - insensitive file naming ( such as OS X ) enhancements - minor tweaks in Debian and RPM packaging for better compliance with packaging guidelines - better handling of errors encountered during code generation Upgrading =========
No special precautions are necessary when upgrading from RabbitMQ - 1.5.0 .
When upgrading from earlier releases , note that the database schema has changed in RabbitMQ - 1.5.x .
When the RabbitMQ server detects the presence of an old database , it moves it to a backup location , creates a fresh , empty database , and logs a warning .
If your RabbitMQ installation contains important data , such as user accounts , durable exchanges and queues , or persistent messages , then we recommend you contact support at rabbitmq.com for assistance with the upgrade .
Credits =======
We would like to thank the following individuals for submitting bug reports and feedback that we incorporated into this release : Aymerick Jéhanne Chuck Remes Ezra Zygmuntowicz Glenn Robuck Mathias Gug Michael Barker
I am a strong supporter of SETI – the search for extraterrestrial intelligence .
To me this is a fascinating scientific endeavor with a potentially huge payoff .
And yet , I find that even within skeptical circles I hear grumblings that SETI is not real science .
The primary complaint stems from the misapplication of an important scientific principle – that a necessary criterion for any scientific hypothesis is that it needs to be falsifiable .
If you cannot make an observation or conduct an experiment to prove an idea wrong , then that idea is not useful to science .
SETI critics argue that the notion of extraterrestrial intelligence is inherently unfalsifiable .
No matter how much you look with negative results , one could always argue that it is not enough , we have to look deeper into space , for fainter signals , in more EM frequencies .
But this , however , does not render SETI unfalsifiable in the that is meant by philosophers of science , because it runs up against another scientific principle – the notion that you cannot prove a negative .
It is logically impossible to prove completely that a phenomenon does not exist ( unless it can be demonstrated that it violates know laws – but even then the proof is only as good as the degree to which the violated laws are established ) .
Evidence for the lack of a phenomenon is always only as good as the thoroughness and efficacy of the search methods .
You can apply this to anything is science , even drug trials .
If a large well - designed clinical trial shows that drug A does not improve disease B what it really showed is at the dose and duration given it did not have an effect big enough to be detected with statistical significant by the study .
You can not rule out a small effect , a subpopulation effect , or that a higher dose would not have shown an effect .
What the study does , in effect , is set statistical limits on the size and scope of an effect .
The search for ET ( or any new phenomenon ) is the same .
We can never prove that there are no ET ’s in the universe – but that ’s not the point .
The more searching we do with negative results the more statistical limits we can set on the number of ET civilizations that are engaging in specific behaviors – like broadcasting at certain frequencies .
Right now , for example , we can say there are n’t numerous nearby ET civilzations or artifacts braodcasting in our direction in the radio frequencies we have listened to .
In a recent Nature commentary , Philip Ball also feels the need to defend SETI .
He discusses another method ( other than listening for radio signals ) for looking for ET , writing :
Dyson suggested that a sufficiently advanced civilization would baulk at the prospect of its star ’s energy radiating uselessly into space .
They could capture it , he said , by breaking up other planets in their solar system into rubble that would form a spherical shell — known as a Dyson sphere — around the star , creating a surface on which the solar energy could be harvested .
He is talking about the work of Richard Carrigan , who asked a specific question : are there any detectable Dyson spheres within about 1000 light years .
That is not the same thing as asking if there are any ET ’s , rather its a proxy question .
It ’s a method of looking where the light is good .
What behaviors might ET be engaged in that we can detect .
Well , they may be broadcasting at us in the radio frequency .
Or they may have buit something like a Dyson sphere around their star – perhaps we can detect that .
Of course , these methods require speculation about what an ET civilization might do .
This is problematic because really we have no idea .
All we really can do is assume that humanity is somewhat representative of technological intelligence and then speculate about what a more advanced version of our own civilization might do .
It ’s a pretty thin line of reasoning , although it is legitimate as far as it goes .
We just know we are speculating from too little information .
Another recent SETI “ innovation ” was to assume that ET might be interested in looking for life elsewhere in the galaxy .
They might start by looking for planets around other systems , and planets like earth would be easiest to detect from a direction in the plane of our system .
Therefore , to those observers the earth would eclipse the sun and that is one way they could detect it .
It might be more likely , therefore , that such civilizations are broadcasting at us , because they know we are here , or at least life might be here .
Perhaps , then , SETI should focus its efforts by looking at stars in the plane of our system .
That is another long chain of speculation – but very interesting , and legitimate as far as it goes .
This is an effective investigational logic to use – imagine what might be the case , then take a look .
It still strikes me as odd when people use this feature of SETI to argue that it is pseudoscience .
No - it would only be pseudoscience if SETI proponents concluded that ET exists based on such reasoning , or to explain away negative results .
But this is a perfectly reasonable hypothesis upon which to design a program for searching for data .
SETI programs also use a very reasonable protocol for dealing with signals when they encounter them .
They consider such signals an anomaly , then they systematically rule out possible known causes .
So far , every candidate signal has turned out to be something known – no enduring anomalies .
This behavior is very different from pseudoscientists , who might call such signals “ ET signals ” and then proceed to only rule out a couple of obvious known causes , or then dismiss non-ET explanations for the signals .
Take ghost hunters , for example .
They typically look for anomalous photographic effects , declare such anomalies to be “ ghost globules ” and then dismiss any non -ghost explanation .
I think it is important to properly demarcate legitimate science from the “ cheap imitation . ”
In my book , SETI is legit .
And , of course , with SETI we just might hit the cosmic lottery and find genuine evidence for ET .
That ’s worth the tiny investment currently going to SETI projects .
Even knowing that our galactic neighborhood is relatively empty is interesting information .
Perhaps humanity is more rare than we imagine .
But of course nothing would be more fascinating than discovering that we are being bathed in a stream of information from an advanced alien culture .
I like just knowing that SETI makes that possible .
YOU COULD JUST SLIDE INTO THAT WITHOUT TOUCHING HER LEGS EVEN .
Al Gore has made Global Warming his life 's mission , after his previous life 's mission of becoming President was not renewed for another season .
This is nothing to be sneered at .
Though I disagree with Gore on a lot of the global warming issues , this looks like a good use of his talents .
He is a caring and thoughtful man .
His eight years as the Executive branch spare tire has left him with a reserve of political capital .
He has invested in something he thinks will show returns both for himself and for the world .
Good enough .
Here is the opening of his testimony before Congress .
We are here today to talk about how we as Americans and how the United States of America as part of the global community should address the dangerous and growing threat of the climate crisis .
We have arrived at a moment of decision .
Our home - Earth - is in grave danger .
What is at risk of being destroyed is not the planet itself , of course , but the conditions that have made it hospitable for human beings .
Moreover , we must face up to this urgent and unprecedented threat to the existence of our civilization at a time when our country must simultaneously solve two other worsening crises .
Our economy is in its deepest recession since the 1930s .
And our national security is endangered by a vicious terrorist network and the complex challenge of ending the war in Iraq honorably while winning the military and political struggle in Afghanistan .
That 's actually pretty good , as it takes back a lot of Gore 's past excessive rhetoric .
It is n't earth that 's in the balance , or even life on earth .
If the worst predictions of the IPCC come true , the earth will do just fine , and life will adjust as it has throughout its history on the former .
What is at stake is human security and comfort .
But that might , conceivably , be at stake in a big way .
But if Gore asks all of us to take this threat seriously , seriously enough to change the way we live as a people , might he not do the same himself ?
If human civilization is at stake , as he says , and he wishes to be the prophet pointing the way to salvation , might he not first put his own house in order ?
Maybe a good way to begin is by not buying a 100 foot house boat .
Powerline has the scoop :
Gore assures us that his 100 - foot houseboat is so " green " that it " will create 40 - 50 % less carbon emission and use half the fuel of other similar houseboats . "
Let 's take that claim at face value .
I have n't been able to find data on carbon emissions by " similar houseboats " -- there are n't many 100 - foot houseboats around -- but I located this information about a much smaller ( 60 foot ) houseboat :
Generally speaking , they burn just on 10 gals an hour at full cruising speed .
( 10 mph ) This includes the Westebeak generator 's 1.5 gal an hour to look after electricity .
Whilst anchored , depending on how cold the air conditioning is and other power outlets running , the generator will burn just over 1 gal an hour 24/7 .
If we assume that a boat spends six hours cruising ( 60 gallons ) and 18 hours at anchor ( 18 gallons ) , that boat - - one - half the size of Gore 's - - will consume 78 gallons of fuel for every 24 hours of use .
Let 's take Gore at his word and assume that his much larger boat will emit just half as much carbon into the atmosphere as this benchmark .
That would be 39 gallons per 24 hours .
If you get 25 miles per gallon in your car , you would have to drive 975 miles -- farther than from Chicago to New York - - to emit an equal amount of carbon .
And that does n't count the jetski on the back of Gore 's elephantine boat , which , you can be sure , takes real gasoline
Now I do n't blame
Al for living the highlife that his movie , books , and carbon - belching jet set speaker schedule have earned him .
It 's just that a 100 foot houseboat is not the kind of thing one would buy if one were really serious about global warming .
I have a friend who rides his bicycle pretty much everywhere he goes , and wo n't eat imported lettuce .
That 's how you behave if you are serious about this issue .
Al Gore is not a serious person .
Global warming scare mongering is his day job .
It 's his act .
The headquarters of the New York Times is pictured on 8th Avenue in New York in this February 5 , 2008 file photo .
China , widely criticized for its censorship of the media , this week blocked access to The New York Times , the newspaper said on Saturday .
REUTERS / Gary Hershorn
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China , widely criticized for its censorship of the media , this week blocked access to The New York Times , the newspaper said on Saturday .
When computer users in cities like Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou tried to connect on Friday to nytimes.com , they received a message that the site was not available , the newspaper said .
There was no access to the site from Beijing late on Saturday without the protection of a virtual private network ( VPN ) .
The State Information Office said it had no information on the case .
The Foreign Ministry said this week that China , which eased its rein on the Internet before and during the Beijing Olympics in August , was within its rights to block websites with content illegal under Chinese law .
China regularly blocks sites it finds unsavory , particularly those related to Tibet or critical of the Communist Party .
Access to the Chinese - language versions of the BBC , Voice of America and Hong Kong media Ming Pao News and Asiaweek were blocked early this month , Asiaweek said .
China has the world ’s greatest number of Internet users , allowing its citizens vastly increased access to information .
In response , it has set up a team of personnel who police the Internet to remove sensitive content and posts , warn bloggers who cross the line and block access to certain sites .
Google has not yet provided a specific date for a Mac and Linux release of Chrome , Google spokesperson Eitan Bencuya told InternetNews.com .
" Since Chrome is open source , all development is done in the open , and you can track the progress of the Mac version at http://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/how-tos/mac-detailed-status, Bencuya noted .
To date , Google has only offered Chrome on Windows in two versions , the Stable - channel and the Dev-Channel .
With the latest dev-channel release , Google is adding a third development milestone release with a Beta - channel as well .
Why a new milestone release channel ?
Apparently , it does n't think the current dev-channel release is stable .
" It 's less polished than what Dev channel users have been getting during Google Chrome 's Beta , so we 've moved all of our existing Dev channel users to the Beta channel , " wrote Mark Larson , Google Chrome program manager , in a blog post .
Breaking down the Chrome channels
All Google Chrome users start with the stable channel when they first download Chrome .
Users then choose which version of Chrome they want to use by selecting an update channel using the Google Chrome Channel Changer application , which is available at http://chromium.googlecode.com/files/chromechannel-2.0.exe.
The stable channel is by definition the most stable version of Chrome and it includes fixes and features that have previously been tested by Beta and Dev-channel users .
The new Beta channel will be updated approximately every month and is intended to be more stable than the Dev-Channel .
The Dev-Channel will now be the bleeding edge of public Chrome release milestones with releases that are n't as stable as either the Beta or Stable versions .
Reviled as vermin through the ages , rats are becoming unlikely soldiers in the struggle against two scourges of the developing world : land mines and tuberculosis .
In Mozambique , special squads of raccoon - size rats are sniffing out lethal explosive devices buried across the countryside , remnants of the country 's anticolonial and civil wars of the last century .
In neighboring Tanzania , teams of rats use their twitchy noses to detect TB bacteria in saliva samples from four clinics serving slum neighborhoods .
So far this year , the 25 rats trained for the pilot medical project have identified 300 cases of early - stage TB - infections missed by lab technicians with their microscopes .
If not for the rodents , many of these victims would have died and others would have spread the disease .
" It 's fair , I think , to call these animals ' hero rats , ' " said Bart Weetjens , the Belgian conceiver of both programs .
The rat squads , at first derided by some interna tional aid officials as ridiculous , have won support from the World Bank and praise from the UN and land mine eradication groups .
Now there are plans to deploy the creatures to Angola , Congo , Zambia , and other land mine - infested lands .
The rats ' " noses are far more sensitive than all current mechanical vapor detectors , " Havard Bach , a mine - clearing specialist with the Geneva International Center for Humanitarian Demining , wrote in a study .
Although rats make almost everyone 's short list of horrors - associated with filth , disease , and destruction of food crops - they " are really nice creatures , " according to Weetjens .
" They are organized , sensitive , sociable , and smart , " said the former product engineer in a telephone interview from Antwerp , Belgium , home base for Apopo International , the nonprofit organization that trains and deploys the rats .
In the 1990s , he journeyed to Africa to study land mine clearance techniques .
He put his engineer 's mind to the expensive , clumsy , and often risky methods employed to detect the lethal contraptions of metal and explosive that detonate underfoot .
Land mines claim casualties for decades after the last shot is fired in a conflict ; millions are strewn in former and present fighting zones across Africa , Asia , and Europe .
The wickedly durable antipersonnel devices kill or maim thousands of people every year , mainly in the poorest of countries .
Removal of the weapons is a priority of the United Nations and other groups .
" In Africa , it came to me : Rats can be part of this great effort , " Weetjens recalled .
So he started training giant pouched rats - an African species known for its large size , sunny disposition , and ultra - keen nostrils - to detect the faintest whiff of TNT and other explosives .
Because the rats are too light to trigger the explosive , they are not harmed in the exercise ; they simply signal the location of the explosive to a handler , who has it defused and removed .
BASKING RIDGE , N.J .
“ I do n’t want it misunderstood , ” said Lynn Evelyn , 52 , the mother of three teenage girls .
“ I ’m not in favor of kids using drugs or alcohol .
“ My approach is to tell them : ‘ I do n’t want you to do it .
I think it ’s absolutely the wrong kind of behavior for adolescents to engage in .
But if you do choose at some point to experiment ’  and my girls are all social 
I talk about how , in our own family , there ’s a history of alcohol dependency .
They know my older brother died of drug addiction . ”
Her oldest daughter is now a college freshman , but last year , when she was a senior , a few times she came home after drinking heavily , the mother said , and they talked .
“ I made it clear this upset me , ” Ms. Evelyn said . “ I did n’t expect this to be a regular thing . ”
The mother supports what ’s called “ suspicion - based testing ”  testing students if they appear to be impaired at school .
“ Kids should n’t go to school drunk or high , ” she said .
“ It ’s not just the school ’s right to test , it ’s the school ’s responsibility . ”
The first bombardment took three minutes and 40 seconds .
Sixty Israeli F - 16 fighter jets bombed 50 sites in Gaza , killing more than 200 Palestinians , and wounding close to 1,000 more .
A few hours after the deadly strike , Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert convened a press conference in Tel - Aviv .
With foreign minister Tzipi Livni sitting on his right and defence minister Ehud Barak on his left , he declared : " It may take time , and each and every one of us must be patient so we can complete the mission . "
But what exactly , one might ask , is Israel 's mission ?
Although Olmert did not say as much , the " mission " includes four distinct objectives .
The first is the destruction of Hamas , a totally unrealistic goal .
Even though the loss of hundreds of cadres and some key leaders will no doubt hurt the organisation , Hamas is a robust political movement with widespread grassroots support , and it is unlikely to surrender or capitulate to Israeli demands following a military assault .
Ironically , Israel 's attempt to destroy Hamas using military force has always ended up strengthening the organisation , thus corroborating the notion that power produces its own vulnerability .
The second objective has to do with Israel 's coming elections .
The assault on Gaza is also being carried out to help Kadima and Labour defeat Likud and its leader Binyamin Netanyahu , who is currently ahead in the polls .
It is not coincidental that Netanyahu 's two main competitors , Livni and Barak , were invited to the press conference – since , after the assault , it will be more difficult for Netanyahu to characterise them as " soft " on the Palestinians .
Whether or not the devastation in Gaza will help Livni defeat Netanyahu or help Barak gain votes in the February elections is difficult to say , but the strategy of competing with a warmonger like Netanyahu by beating the drums of war says a great deal about all three major contenders .
The third objective involves the Israeli military .
After its notable humiliation in Lebanon during the summer of 2006 , the IDF has been looking for opportunities to re-establish its global standing .
Last spring it used Syria as its laboratory and now it has decided to focus on Gaza .
Emphasising the mere three minutes and 40 seconds it took to bomb 50 sites is just one the ways the Israeli military aims to restore its international reputation .
Finally , Hamas and Fatah have not yet reached an agreement regarding how to proceed when Mahmoud Abbas ends his official term as president of the Palestinian National Authority on January 9 .
One of the outcomes of this assault is that Abbas will remain in power for a while longer since Hamas will be unable to mobilise its supporters in order to force him to resign .
What is clearly missing from this list of Israeli objectives is the attempt to halt the firing of Qassam rockets into Israel 's southern towns .
Unlike the objectives I mentioned , which are not discussed by government officials , this one is presented by the government as the operation 's primary objective .
Yet , the government is actively misleading the public , since Israel could have put an end to the rockets a long time ago .
Indeed , there was relative quiet during the six - months truce with Hamas , a quiet that was broken most often as a reaction to Israeli violence : that is , following the extra-judicial execution of a militant or the imposition of a total blockade which prevented basic goods , like food stuff and medicine , from entering the Gaza Strip .
Rather than continuing the truce , the Israeli government has once again chosen to adopt strategies of violence that are tragically akin to the ones deployed by Hamas ; only , the Israeli ones are much more lethal .
If the Israeli government really cared about its citizens and the country 's long term ability to sustain itself in the Middle East , it would abandon the use of violence and talk with its enemies .
More seriously , I 'm not the final say on these talking points .
Anyone who has participated in a sales meeting will tell you that these meetings are dynamic .
Many times the person with the least seniority has a great new way to explain a concept .
So , give me what ya got !
I picked five of the objections that I hear most often when it comes to opposition to health care reform , Universal Health Care and Single - Payer Insurance .
I put links into the peer reviewed sources for the information in my responses , but usually in everyday conversation , people do n't challenge your sources .
Unless you work at a school like I do , where , yes , I can also say where I found the factoid du jour ; in that case that information is there for you too .
:::::
The government screws up everything !
Offer :
It 's easy to say that , but ;
The National Weather Service ( NOAA ) does an incredibly good job tracking hurricanes and telling us with good accuracy the wind speed , track cone and likely level of destruction .
The National Park Service does a good job in preserving our wild spaces .
( I 'm sure a lot of environmentalists would disagree with this , but you are likely to be arguing with Republicans who wo n't . )
Our Libraries do an incredible job with the shrinking budgets allocated to them .
Their librarians are unsung heros in my town .
The National Archive tracks , maintains , files and can produce on demand a myriad of documents on demand .
I do n't have any complaints with the water , sewer or garbage collection services my city provides and they stepped up their recycling programs without prodding in my community .
My fire department has a great response time , is well trained and performs well .
911 service for the number of calls they take , they are incredibly able to route and respond to these calls correctly .
Yes , there are occasional tragedies , but thankfully they are rare .
The US interstate road system is 65,000 miles of interstate roads regularly maintained .
Yes , there are problems ; but thankfully few .
We could live in Iraq .
I 'm sure they'd be fine with our roads if they could have them .
Animal control offers adoption services , low cost spaying and neutering as well as traditional collection services .
Torture and a few other issues aside , the U.S. military is actually pretty good considering what BushCo has asked them to do over the last 5 years .
( Again , you are more likely to use this one on Republicans where it will work .
Do NOT use this argument on a Libertarian , Progressive or Anarchist . )
Leave this one for last :
Tricare - a government insurance that has a high level of participant satisfaction .
Medicare beneficiaries report greater satisfaction than people in employer sponsored plans and their satisfaction does n't vary with regional spending differences .
So , no , I 'm not afraid the government will totally screw up health insurance .
They 're more likely to improve it .
:::::
That 's Socialized Medicine !
I 've always found this one more than a little annoying and if you do too , you 'll need to practice saying it so you do n't say it through clinched teeth or sound like a parrot because you memorized it .
We have socialized fire departments , police departments , water , sewer , libraries and education .
We would n't know where to begin if we did n't have these government services offered to us .
About 60 % * of the $ 2.3 + trillion dollars spent on health care in the U.S. every year already comes from tax dollars .
22.1 % of all U.S. collected tax dollars is spent on health care initiatives like Medicare , Medicaid and SCHIP .
An undisclosed amount is spent on Tricare from the military 's budget and all the other government agencies also keep their own health care budgets .
There is no one pot in the U.S. budget for health care programs - there 's about 500 pots to tally up .
Tax dollars fund Medicare , Medicaid , Tricare , SCHIP , Worker 's Comp , Veterans programs and FECA Black Lung as well as pay for the benefits for government workers .
It seems to me that the only people who do n't get the medical benefits of these programs are the working people who pay for them .
Social Security is a social program that thankfully was n't privatized like George Bush wanted to do 2 years ago .
If he had succeeded , our bailout would be more like $ 16 trillion dollars which is a case in point that not all socialized programs are bad .
Obama 's Health Care Exchange is more comparable to the U.S. Postal Service .
The post office is socialized to provide a steady important service , but there are many profitable private companies providing package services and courier services .
Which also tend to keep the post office somewhat competitive and the private companies from price gouging .
UPDATE
U.S employers who provide health care for their employees compete globally with international companies that do n't have these expenses due to their countries having a Universal Health Care System that is n't employer dependent .
Moving health care onto a " socialized " model will improve our global competitivness .
:::::
Universal Care is Second Rate Care .
You have limited choice in doctors and long waiting lists for specialized care .
And I do n't want to deal with rationed care .
This is really all one objection .
I do n't want any obstacles in my way when I 'm getting health care .
Yep , it 's all about me , me , me !
Our current health care system is second rate .
It 's a general assessment from many peer reviewed sources .
The U.S. health care system is expensive , inefficient and does n't serve the U.S. population very well .
We have the second worst newborn death rate .
In fact , the U.S. is pretty far down the list on any health care indicator you wish to choose .
The countires with higher life expectancies and lower infant mortality rates and better rates on just about everything else are countries with a first rate , progressive health care systems .
Our current government plans , Medicare and Tricare , have a great deal of customer satisfaction .
Many people who have these insurances are very pleased with what they receive in the way of care and their choice of doctors and facilities .
Medicare patients and Tricare patients do n't complain about waiting lists lasting longer than a month for normal care .
Medicare and Tricare enrollees are an indication of the quality healthcare system the U.S. can develop .
We already have waiting lists in this country for care .
If you have the money and can pay in advance for care , you go first .
If you do n't have the cash and use your insurance and you have stingy insurance , you will go when there is n't anybody more profitable ahead of you .
The waiting lists are heavily weighted along ethinicity and those in poverty .
Medicaid and HMO patients often deal with long waiting lists while Medicare and Tricare do n't .
There is no way the U.S. will stand for " Medicaid for all " we want a progressive and functional Universal Health Care System .
The U.S. currently rations care based on your ability to pay for your care or your ability to get a third party to pay for your care .
Your prognosis has nothing to do with our current health care rationing system .
If you are terminally ill , but have the ability to pay , you will get care .
If you are acutely ill and have a prognosis of a full recovery , but no ability to pay for your care ; you wo n't get it until you are hours away from death under how EMTALA is interpreted today .
Currently , if your provider can't get you into the hospital for a procedure they will tell you the physician or surgeon is booked , but if that same surgeon is offered a patient who is willing to pay cash in advance ; I guarantee you an opening will be found .
If you look at the Commonwealth Fund 's studies and WHO 's studies and Kaiser Family Foundation studies that compare the U.S. health care quality with other nations , you 'll see the U.S. has lower ratings on multiple quality of care measures .
There are multiple studies done by peer reviewed organizations that show people in the U.S. are ready for a Universal Health Care system and that they are not afraid of a Single - Payer system .
Those same studies show the average person in the U.S. is very disatisfied with the status quo .
:::::
Yeah , but how can we afford it ?
We can't make health care " free " !
There 's several approaches to this one .
It 's important to get the finance better understood .
We are already financing the full $ 2.3 trillion dollars and getting a lousy ROI as our system does n't include nearly 16 % of our population .
We can rearrange the dollars we are already paying , get everyone under the umbrella , improve access to health care which , in turn , will improve our national patient outcome statistics .
Changing up how we structure health care delivery will drastically improve our ROI in health care dollars invested into our society .
We 're already nearly financing Universal Health Care in the U.S.
People think the entire $ 2.3 trillion annual cost will be added to the U.S. budget in one year , but the U.S. taxpayer already pays 60 % * of that $ 2.3 trillion .
You 'll never find that figure in a single line item .
You have to go through the U.S. budget picking up the lines for health care in every department ( the U.S. armed forces , EPA , CIA , FDA , FBI , ATF , Congress and so on ) .
You have to add all those items up and add it to the single line item for Medicare , Medicaid and SCHIP and that 's just for the feds .
You then need to figure out how much the states and local governments pay toward health care with your property and sales tax dollars and add that in .
You 'll be amazed at the final figure .
The other 40 % ?
That 's already paid out by you and me in cost sharing in our premium contributions , deductibles , excluded services and co-pays .
No one really believes health care will be " free " for everyone in every circumstance .
We know it will be funded with taxes , premiums , deductibles and co-pays .
What we want is to replace our current regressive health care system with a progressive system where health care will be more accessible to those who need it most .
:::::
The uninsured is n't that big a problem .
Any health care system that excludes nearly 16 % ( 47mil/300 mil ) of it 's population from it is regressive and uncivilized .
The unisured are n't stereotypical .
They are young , disabled waiting for Medicare , workers who can't afford the premiums and many are latino .
Even if uninsured only went without insurance for a few months in the year , people tend to be nervous about using a new insurance policy .
Plus , if there are gaps in the policy dates , there are the preexisting condition issues .
The uninsured are a problem .
It 's a moral problem and the U.S. is not dealing with it in an ethical , moral way .
The numbers of uninsured have increased from 40 million in 2000 to about 47 million in 2005 and it's held at that level for 3 years .
Much of this increase is from employers cutting back on coverage and benefits in response to rising costs and adverse economic circumstances .
There is further evidence that this trend is increasing pushing more and more working people off their employer provided insurance to " going bare " .
Eventually this problem will get bigger and bigger until only highly paid employees will be able to buy the insurance offered to their workers .
The uninsured have a greater chance of going without care and then run up a big bill once they get on some insurance like Medicare that does n't have issues with preexisting conditions .
They also are a source of uncompensated care for many providers .
Some uninsured are young and healthy and do n't need care , but those who are designated as disabled , but ineligible for Medicare do need care .
These are the people who only get care when they are in a crisis and then the provider often does n't get paid .
And some of these uninsured are children between the cracks of SCHIP and well compensated parents .
The number of uninsured children grew by one million between 2004 - 2006 .
Many of those that have employer insurance currently only cover themselves .
You usually have to pay extra to cover the rest of the family .
Not that children get as sick as adults but they have no ability to trade up parents like you can at least try to change your job .
********************************************************************************
* The 60 % figure is hard to track down .
It takes work on your part and it helps to have spreadsheet software available when you do the calculations .
Some people say it 's 50 % and AHRQ has said it 's 45 % .
I 'm OK with all of these figures because they change with the date , year and cohort included in the calculations ; but to the uninitiated it looks like everybody 's a liar .
The first statement my statistical professor said to us is true .
When you look at a stat , identify exactly what the statistician is talking about before you accept it .
The point I make about funding Universal Health Care remains the same , a huge chunk of health care is already paid for with tax dollars .
Whichever figure you use is fine as long as you understand the basis of the stat .
Page 26 - 29 id'd page number ( or 45 - 48 using Adobe 's page numbers ) of this CDC publication shows per capita and total health care expecditures and near that page is the table with out - of - pocket expenditures .
In general , these pages refer to the year 2003 .
This AHRQ table is for 2005 .
Here 's another look at 2005 .
Then , the CMS chimes in with these figures for 2006 .
Then if you have time you can wade through this batch of tables .
What should strike you is that these tables all come from the government , but different agencies and the numbers are similar , but not spot on .
That does n't mean these figures are meaningless , it means they are within an acceptable statistical varience .
Another issue with the government figures is that they seem to be inconsistent with including health insurance premium payments into health care costs .
I can't prove that , because since BushCo has moved in , any table that would have proved that case seems to have been purged from the census , CDC , CMS and AHRQ sites .
I think the data is still there , but hard to recognize .
This is one area where I believe Obama as President will have some impact .
I think he 'll direct the agencies to stop deleting uncomfortable facts and report them without the subterfuge .
Then occasionally you run across something like this and have a WTF moment .
It takes a while to determine these figures came from the UN and WHO on a 2007 document .
I try not to use a source like this in my diaries and work my way back to the original source ( look at the page labels 247 , adobe page number = 19 ; the U.S. is number 12 on this table ) .
Finally , some of you might be starting to understand why sometimes there 's a week between my diaries .
Slogging through this stuff takes time .
It also points out why the talking heads often get it wrong .
Verifying the statisical source and pouring through this stuff is n't a " quick and dirty " endeavor .
RIO VISTA , Calif . -- California may soon have more bankrupt towns on its hands .
The city of Vallejo , Calif. , gained national attention earlier this year by filing for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection .
Now , two neighbors are fighting to avoid the same fate , as the state 's economic crisis spreads .
Isleton and Rio Vista , small towns roughly 50 ...
Skip to comments .
The Resistance Begins
The mind of Infidel Puppy | First Day of America 's Demise | Infidel Puppy
Posted on by Infidel Puppy
Today , we begin to work against this coup .
Today , we start to take back America .
Dear God , help us .
TOPICS :
Culture / Society
Government
KEYWORDS :
wolverines
No more words .
Time to start hurting the enemy .
To : Infidel Puppy
Great graphic you dug up ... I plan to steal it .
Courage , you people .
To : Infidel Puppy
calm down .
To : Infidel Puppy
I ’d change some of the imagery but the message is right on ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PkzeX0_uTM
by 4 posted onby Uriah_lost ( Obama just woke up with a moose head in his bed ....)
To : Infidel Puppy
Let the lawsuits begin !
To : Infidel Puppy
It ’s going to take more than sitting at our computers .
But know this :
If BHO causes a mass Republican take over of the Congress like 1994 we ca n’t let that bastard get away with governing from the middle like Clinton did .
by 6 posted onby CommieCutter ( voted 6:45 am Johnson County , Indiana )
To : Infidel Puppy
America has spoken !
We want us Barabbas !
To : Infidel Puppy
Heh ...
That 's a little over the top but I like the graphic .
by 8 posted onby Mitt Romney ( Text " SLATE WRIGHT " to 98999 to get a Reverend Wright ringtone )
To : Infidel Puppy
it is not a coup .
he was voted in .
the work is much harder .
we must get OFF the computer and talk to our neighbors and earn money and donate it to conservative causes and educate the children and win hards and minds .
by 9 posted onby brannon ( we are all dying ; some of us faster than others )
To : Infidel Puppy
They will quickly move to take away one of our main voices in talk radio .
After that they will go after the guns ( the ‘ good ’ ones anyway ) .
It may not be in that order , but it ’s coming .
To : durasell
durasell — our perpetual low - octane liberal troll .
To : brannon
He was “ voted in ” my arse .
He won OHIO , which cinched it for him .... remember OHIO ?
Oh yeah , that ’s the state where ACORN ADMITTED to massive voter fraud , registering voters 70 + times , registering toddlers , registering goldfish .... No doubt as to why Ohio went to B.O. so handily .
by 12 posted onby I'm ALL Right !
( When the people find that they can vote themselves money , that will herald the end of the republic . )
To : Infidel Puppy
, we begin to work against this coup .
Today , we start to take back America .
The only way to do it is through a taxe revolution .
Since most people have their estimated taxes withheld , they should change their withholding .
On April when they have to pay , just do n't write a check .
The IRS would be compelled to try to collect .
That would be difficult if there were millions of us engaging in a tax revolution .
Large corporations could simply not pay their quarterly taxes , but I doubt the Board of Directors would condone this behavior of a corporate tax revolution .
To : Infidel Puppy
Sheesh ... do n't be so nasty .
I think we need to show President Obama the same respect the opposition showed President George W. Bush for the last eight years .
Fair enough ?
To : Infidel Puppy
It was n’t a coup , McCain took a beating .
Obama received the greatest percentage of the popular vote for a democrat since LBJ .
Republicans need to fix what ’s broken .
They might want to start with actually running to the right of the democrat on taxes , although I think many Obama voters are going to be surprised at their tax increases .
Scary part will be the international stage , bad guys all over the world were scared of GWB , they ’re just tickled about Obama .
To : Infidel Puppy
Well , 232 years was a pretty good run .
Am I the only one who is sort of hoping the Mayan countdown calendar is right ?
by 16 posted onby Bobarian ( Green : It 's the new Red . )
To : Carl LaFong
I ’m a coldly pragmatic .
Also , I like to think of myself as dynamic , and not “ low octane , ” in real life .
To : Infidel Puppy
Take the children and yourself
And hide out in the cellar
By now the fighting will be close at hand
Do n’t believe the church and state
And everything they tell you
Believe in me , I ’m with the high command Can you hear me , can you hear me running ?
Can you hear me running , can you hear me calling you ?
Can you hear me , can you hear me running ?
Can you hear me running , can you hear me calling you ?
There ’s a gun and ammunition
Just inside the doorway
Use it only in emergency
Better you should pray to God
The Father and the Spirit
Will guide you and protect from up here Can you hear me , can you hear me running ?
Can you hear me running , can you hear me calling you ?
Can you hear me , can you hear me running ?
Can you hear me running , can you hear me calling you ?
Swear allegiance to the flag
Whatever flag they offer
Never hint at what you really feel
Teach the children quietly
For some day sons and daughters
Will rise up and fight while we stood still Can you hear me , can you hear me running ?
Can you hear me running , can you hear me calling you ?
Can you hear me , can you hear me running ?
Can you hear me running , can you hear me calling you ?
Can you hear me running ( can you hear me calling you ? )
( Can you hear me ) hear me calling you ?
( Can you hear me running ) hear me running babe ?
( Can you hear me running ) hear me running ?
Calling you , calling you
by 18 posted onby BreitbartSentMe ( Ex - Dem since 2001 * Folding@Home for the Gipper - Join the FReeper Folders * )
To : truthkeeper
> Great graphic you dug up <
It ’s a still shot from Planet of the Apes .
by 19 posted onby Califreak ( Hope -n- Che 'nge is the battle cry of the zombies . )
To : daler
I think we need to show President Obama the same respect the opposition showed President George W. Bush for the last eight years .
Sounds like a plan to me !
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
SPOKANE , Wash .
( AP )  A Spokane woman who hid a sedated monkey under her blouse on a flight from Thailand to Los Angeles — pretending she was pregnant — has been convicted of smuggling charges .
Gypsy Lawson , 29 , successfully passed through U.S. Customs in Los Angeles with the rhesus monkey hidden in her shirt after the November 2007 trip .
Her mother , Fran Ogren , 55 , of Northport , Wash . , accompanied her on the flight from Bangkok and was also convicted .
A jury found the two women guilty Monday on separate charges of conspiracy and smuggling goods into the United States .
Sentencing is set for March 3 .
They were arrested after Lawson boasted to a clothing store clerk about the airport escapade .
The monkey is now at a primate rescue facility in Oregon .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In London , Mr Day said he expected many women to make false claims , but he said he had no evidence of wrongdoing by members of Impact .
" It 's impossible to be absolutely certain about what 's going on on the ground , but I would be very surprised if it was true , " he told The Telegraph .
He said women from the town of Nanyuki had been deliberately excluded from the claim because the presence of many prostitutes could complicate his case .
Computer makers are recalling 100,000 laptop battery packs made by Sony after 40 reports of overheating , according to a U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission notice .
The voluntary recall applies to certain Sony 2.15 Ah lithium - ion cell batteries made in Japan and sold around the world in laptops made by Hewlett - Packard , Dell and Toshiba .
Some incidents involved smoke or flames , according to Sony .
Twenty - one of the reports claimed minor property damage , and small burns were reported in four cases .
Health Insurers Propose Coverage for All
Representatives of the insurance industry told Congress yesterday that they support an overhaul of the healthcare system that would call for them to accept any customer who applies for coverage , regardless of health status , the Associated Press reports .
But insurers also favor a requirement for all Americans to have health insurance .
Requiring health insurance for all is needed , according to industry analysts , because mandatory inclusion of both healthy and sick people would allow insurers to distribute risk over a larger group of people .
Two health insurance trade organizations — America 's Health Insurance Plans and the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association — put forth separate proposals that each called for coverage of those with pre-existing medical conditions in conjunction with mandating coverage for all Americans .
In September , U.S. News 's Michelle Andrews reported that health insurance premiums are up again .
Earlier , she listed four ways to save on your medical bills .
How to Deal With Digestive Problems
The digestive system has many varied and unpleasant ways of asserting itself when the process is n't going smoothly — all well worth pondering as the holidays approach .
But while everyone suffers the occasional Imodium moment , a surprisingly large number of people wrestle every day with more disabling disorders , from Crohn 's disease to gastroesophageal reflux disease and irritable bowel syndrome , which by itself afflicts as many as 1 in 5 people , Michelle Andrews reports .
For many , severe pain and the unpredictable need for a bathroom can mean living as prisoners in their own homes .
Andrews explores whether hypnosis and counseling can help ease the symptoms of IBS and Crohn 's disease .
Also , U.S. News lists seven common digestive problems and how to end them .
And Adam Voiland reports on the growing use of the gluten - free diet , a therapy for celiac disease , in people who do n't have that digestive condition .
Exploring the Usefulness of Hospital Ratings
Last Friday , U.S. News 's Avery Comarow criticized a report in the public policy journal Health Affairs arguing that consumers ' relatively restrained use of hospital ratings and data ( such as America 's Best Hospitals ) can be blamed on confusion :
The ratings and rankings measure different aspects of care , cannot be compared , and often contradict one another .
He wrote that consumers can wade through the information , just as families sift through facts and numbers in America 's Best Colleges and other college guides of more than 1,500 pages and cobble together custom lists online by sorting and clicking .
He charged the study authors with condescending to consumers and underestimating their capabilities to do the same with hospital data .
More Popular New Articles From USNews.com
Update
Improves the reliability of AirPort connections , including improvements when roaming in large wireless networks with an Intel - based Mac .
Improves reliability of Address Book syncing with iPhone and other devices and applications .
Includes general improvements to gaming performance .
Includes fixes for possible graphics distortion issues with certain ATI graphics cards .
Contacts , calendars , and bookmarks on a Mac automatically sync within a minute of the change being made on the computer , another device , or the web at me.com .
Improves Apple File Service performance , especially when using a home directory hosted on an AFP server .
Improves reliability and performance for AT&T 3G cards .
Improves printing for USB - based Brother and Canon printers .
Fixes issues that could cause Time Machine to state the backup volume could not be found .
Improves Time Machine reliability with Time Capsule .
Adds a Trackpad System Preference pane for portable Macs .
Personal Engadget favorite : Improves the performance and reliability of Chess .
Nary a mention of Blu-ray .
It 's still hurting , we guess .
Headline pretty much says it all , and it's a big one .
Tipping the scales at 377MB ( or 190 MB for some ; see image after the break ) , the OS X 10.5.6 update is now available via Software Update .
We 're sucking it down and will report back with any changes .
We strongly encourage you to do the same ( if you dare ) . :
Apple has posted the official changelog .
Here are the highlights : [ Thanks , Fraser ]
A new Citigroup scandal is engulfing Robert Rubin and his former disciple Chuck Prince for their roles in an alleged Ponzi - style scheme that ’s now choking world banking .
Director Rubin and ousted CEO Prince – and their lieutenants over the past five years – are named in a federal lawsuit for an alleged complex cover - up of toxic securities that spread across the globe , wiping out trillions of dollars in their destructive paths .
Investor - plaintiffs in the suit accuse Citi management of overseeing the repackaging of unmarketable collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) that no one wanted – and then reselling them to Citi and hiding the poisonous exposure off the books in shell entities .
The lawsuit said that when the bottom fell out of the shaky assets in the past year , Citi ’s stock collapsed , wiping out more than $ 122 billion of shareholder value .
However , Rubin and other top insiders were able to keep Citi shares afloat until they could cash out more than $ 150 million for themselves in “ suspicious ” stock sales “ calculated to maximize the personal benefits from undisclosed inside information , ” the lawsuit said .
The latest troubles for Rubin , Prince and others emerged in a 500 - page investigation by Citigroup investors represented by law firm Kirby McInerney .
The probe was used to amend and add new details to a blanket investor lawsuit filed against Citigroup a year ago .
The amended suit called the actions of Citi leaders “ a quasi - Ponzi scheme ” to hide troubles – and keep Citi stock afloat while insiders unloaded about 3 million shares between Jan. 1 , 2004 and Feb. 22 , 2008 for huge profits .
In addition to Citigroup , Rubin and Prince , the complaint names Vice Chairman Lewis Kaden , ex-CFO Sallie Krawcheck and her successor CFO Gary Crittenden .
Rubin cleared $ 30.6 million on his stock sales , while Prince got $ 26.5 million , former COO Robert Druskin got nearly $ 32 million and former Global Wealth Management unit chief Todd Thomson got $ 25.7 million , the suit said .
Citi denied the allegations and said it “ will defend against it vigorously . ”
Troubled OneUnited Bank in Boston did n't look much like a candidate for aid from the Treasury Department 's bank bailout fund last fall .
The Treasury had said it would give money only to healthy banks , to jump - start lending .
But OneUnited had seen most of its capital evaporate .
Moreover , it was under attack from its regulators for allegations of poor lending practices and executive - pay abuses , including owning a Porsche for its executives ' use .
Nonetheless , ...
Check this wicked case of Newborned Side - Ears !
His ears are totally pointing at 9 and 3 o'clock respectively !
No , I can't tell which parts are the feets either .
Maybe a smooshed - face kitteh expert can enlighten us ?
I think one is a tail , one is a paw ?!?!?
This mini-hissy fit brought to you by Ann Lorraine S .
I predicted when the Ethiopians rode into Mogadishu in January , 2007 , that the minute they fled with their tails between their legs , the Islamists would swarm back in to retake their place of power .
I was right , but the time period was off — only because the occupiers , and the “ Transitional National Government ” they propped up , stayed far longer than anyone expected .
It ’s been barely two years , but in that time span , Somalia ’s economy and civil society has been gutted as if by fire — and in many cases , the literal sense applies .
Of course , many things have changed since early 2007 .
Some of the more radical Islamists have gained strength after hardening as an armed insurgency .
Half of Mogadishu ’s population has been displaced by the fighting between the “ transitional government ” and the Islamist factions .
The tragedy is even more bitter because this is not par for the course in Somalia .
Over the 15 years from 1991 after the end of the civil war , Somalia went from famine to having a functioning economy .
Somalis enjoyed services such as schools , hospitals , multiple competing electricity , phone and internet companies and even a Coca - Cola bottling plant .
It was n’t Belgium by any stretch , but Somalis did for themselves what decades of foreign intervention never accomplished in any other country .
All this despite the United States ’ funding and arming of warlords — to “ fight al - Qaeda , ” of course — who continually threw off any peaceful equilibrium that might have been reached through economic stability .
Those warlords now make up much of the foundering “ government . ”
The pirates that the world has been sweating lately do not exist in a vacuum — Somalia ’s slide back down into the pit of poverty at the hands of its UN - installed “ government ” has forced the toughest among them to make a living where they can .
Most of them would surely rather return to making money in another , less dangerous trade .
The Islamist groups have been fighting each other in recent weeks , but even this has n’t kept one faction or another from snapping up bits of former “ government ” property and power .
It seems the more moderate factions and tribal militias are fed up with the brutal tactics of the al - Shabaab group and are trying to finish them off before the “ transitional ” regime is officially routed .
I do n’t know how this situation will end , except that it ’s clear that forcing a state on authority - averse Somalis did n’t work the first 15 times , and likely wo n’t again in the future .
The big question is , why was n’t that obvious to “ the international community ” ?
Or — don your tin foil — maybe it was all along .
( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain said Monday that Americans are looking for leaders who will come together and " change the bad habits of Washington . "
In a joint statement issued after their first meeting since the presidential election , the former rivals said they hoped to work together on challenges such as the financial crisis , creating a new energy economy and protecting the country 's security .
" At this defining moment in history , we believe that Americans of all parties want and need their leaders to come together and change the bad habits of Washington so that we can solve the common and urgent challenges of our time , " the statement said .
" It is in this spirit that we had a productive conversation today about the need to launch a new era of reform where we take on government waste and bitter partisanship in Washington in order to restore trust in government , and bring back prosperity and opportunity for every hardworking American family , " they said .
Obama and McCain met Monday at Obama 's transition headquarters in Chicago , Illinois .
Watch more on their first post-election meeting »
The two were not expected to talk about any possible Cabinet position for McCain , according to McCain and Obama advisers .
Shortly before the meeting got under way , Obama told reporters he and McCain were going to " have a good conversation about how we can do some work together to fix up the country . "
He also said he planned to thank McCain for his service to the country .
Asked whether he would help Obama with his administration , McCain responded , " Obviously . "
The meeting comes as Obama is trying to fill out his Cabinet with the most capable people and show he can reach across party lines .
In Obama 's first television interview since the election , he told CBS ' " 60 Minutes " that the global economic crisis provides an opening for the two parties to come together .
" You actually have a consensus among conservative , Republican - leaning economists and liberal , left - leaning economists .
And the consensus is this : that we have to do whatever it takes to get this economy moving again , that we 're going to have to spend money now to stimulate the economy , " Obama said on the program , which aired Sunday .
The last time Obama and McCain appeared together was in a debate during the bruising campaign season .
They were joined Monday by Sen. Lindsey Graham , R - South Carolina , and Obama 's new chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel .
Obama last week met with two former rivals for the Democratic nomination -- Sen. Hillary Clinton and Gov. Bill Richardson -- about the secretary of state position in his administration , sources told CNN .
iReport.com : Who should be in Obama 's cabinet ?
Ed Rollins , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor , said Obama 's meeting with Clinton " makes the Democratic Party very powerful . "
" I think it shows Barack Obama 's a bigger man than most people in the sense that he 's willing to take the person who gave him a real race for his money into his Cabinet , " he said .
Obama 's transition team has made public some key staff appointments , but no Cabinet positions have been announced .
Republicans have praised the prospect of Clinton becoming secretary of state .
Henry Kissinger , who was secretary of state in the Nixon and Ford administrations , said Clinton would be an " outstanding " selection , Bloomberg News reported .
GOP Sen .
Jon Kyl of Arizona told Fox News , " She 's got the experience ; she 's got the temperament for it . "
And California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger told ABC it would be a " great move . "
A new poll suggests most Americans are confident the president - elect will make the right decisions when it comes to picking his top officials .
Forty - three percent of those questioned in a CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey released Monday morning are very confident that Obama will make the right choices , with 34 percent somewhat confident and only 23 percent not confident .
" Obama is having the kind of honeymoon that no president - elect has had in at least 30 years , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland .
" It 's no surprise that Americans have a positive view of anything Obama might do -- at least until he does something controversial . "
Asked which appointment will matter the most to the country 's future , 41 percent said the secretary of the treasury ; 25 percent said secretary of state ; 24 percent , secretary of defense ; and 8 percent named the attorney general .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted November 6 to 9 , with 1,246 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
Meanwhile , members of Obama 's transition team on Monday met with key officials in the State and Defense departments , including Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
Rice met with Tom Donilon and Wendy Sherman , Obama 's State Department transition team leaders , and promised a smooth hand - over , according to State Department deputy spokesman Robert Wood .
In the half - hour meeting , held at Rice 's request , Rice " expressed her desire to work closely with the team on a smooth and professional transition , " Wood said .
Obama 's Defense Department transition team leaders , John White and Michele Flournoy , made office calls to four senior officials and requested more meetings for later this week , senior Pentagon officials said .
The transition team over the weekend announced several White House appointments .
Peter Rouse , Obama 's chief of staff in his Senate office , will serve as a senior adviser to the president .
Watch more on the Obama transition picks »
Mona Sutphen will serve as a deputy chief of staff .
Sutphen is a member of the transition team staff and has been managing director of Stonebridge International LLC , an international strategic consulting firm based in Washington .
Jim Messina was also named a deputy chief of staff .
Messina is currently the director of personnel for the president - elect 's transition team .
He served as a national chief of staff for Obama 's presidential campaign .
Also , a longtime friend of the Obamas , Valerie Jarrett , was officially named Saturday as a senior adviser to the incoming president .
Obama , in a statement released Saturday morning by his transition staff , announced that Jarrett will serve as senior adviser and assistant to the president for intergovernmental relations and public liaison .
Jarrett is currently co-chair of Obama 's transition team and was senior adviser for his presidential campaign .
CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Paul Steinhauser , Elise Labott and Mike Mount contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • John McCain
Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland collapsed today in the wake of the Government 's latest rescue bid and news that the bank is facing the worst loss in UK corporate history .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The NatWest parent company 's market value slumped below £ 5 billion after shares plunged by as much as 70 per cent at one stage .
RBS estimated bad debts and write - downs on the value of past acquisitions could leave it as much as £ 28 billion in the red for 2008 - higher than the current record of £ 15 billion set by mobile phone group Vodafone in 2006 .
It spooked investors further after admitting that more credit write - downs " seem certain " , but was unable to say how much or when .
The warning overshadowed a second bank bail out unveiled by the Government to help the sector through the crisis and kick - start lending .
London's FTSE 100 Index slumped more than 2 per cent at one stage as the market gave a poor reception to the rescue plan .
RBS was the worst hit in the sector as the prospect of potential full nationalisation loomed large .
The bank will be about 70 per cent Government owned after the Treasury agreed to replace £ 5 billion of preference shares with new ordinary shares .
But the taxpayer is already sitting on paper losses of more than £ 12 billion on its existing 58 per cent stake in the group .
Other bank stocks also plunged in the sell - off , with the newly created Lloyds Banking Group shedding more than 30 per cent in a poor start to life after the merger of Lloyds and HBOS .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The group is minority owned by the State and is not currently set to follow RBS with a preference share swap .
Barclays and HSBC , the only major high street banks not yet to receive state aid , also fell heavily , seeing double digit falls .
Price movements were so marked in stocks such as RBS that they triggered price monitoring measures throughout the session , according to the London Stock Exchange .
The Footsie had risen in early trade , but fell back sharply as the City digested implications of the bank rescue and RBS losses .
David Fineberg , chief dealer at CMC Markets , said : " There is now mounting concern that the bail outs will indeed prove to be unsustainable given the sheer extent of the losses that are being talked about and also the fact that there 's little confidence that the exact size of the toxic debt pool has been fully realised yet .
" RBS is clearly sitting very much in the middle of this , hence the reason its shares are down so heavily , and overall this is simply going to encourage the nervous mood as we edge towards the bank reporting season next month . "
RBS said a review of past acquisitions , most notably its share of Dutch bank ABN Amro , would result in a non-cash hit of between £ 15 billion and £ 20 billion .
It also expects core losses of between £ 7 billion and £ 8 billion as a result of credit and market conditions in the fourth quarter of the year .
Asked about the record losses , Prime Minister Gordon Brown voiced his anger about the bank 's decision - making , in particular international investments " that were clearly wrong investments " .
He added : " Today 's write - off by the Royal Bank of Scotland is for irresponsible losses accumulated in American sub - prime markets that partly derive from the acquisition of the Dutch bank ABN Amro . "
However , he refused to say whether action should be taken against former chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin or other senior figures over " irresponsible " behaviour .
The Government 's increased stake in RBS will help the bank to lend more by removing the annual cost of preference share dividends of £ 600 million and is expected to bolster the group 's cashflow .
RBS said it intended to increase lending across its UK businesses by £ 6 billion , extending the lending commitment it gave in October in respect of UK mortgage and corporate customers .
It added that its retail and commercial banking businesses in the UK remained profitable , offset by losses in its global banking and markets division .
The group owns the Citizens commercial bank in the US and has a large investment banking presence in America , while it also operates across Asia and provides a wealth management service , through its private bank Coutts .
It gained a chunk of ABN Amro's European and global assets when it led a consortium takeover of the Dutch bank last year .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran said it test - fired a new generation of surface - to - surface missile on Wednesday and that the Islamic Republic was ready to defend itself against any attacker .
Iran ’s latest missile test followed persistent speculation in recent months of possible U.S. or Israeli strikes against its nuclear facilities , which the West suspects form part of a covert atomic weapons program , a charge Tehran denies .
U.S. President - elect Barack Obama , like outgoing U.S. President George W. Bush , has not ruled out military action although he has criticized the Bush administration for not pursuing more diplomacy and engagement with Tehran .
Washington said the test highlighted the need for a missile defense system it plans to base in Poland and the Czech Republic to counter threats from what it calls “ rogue states . ”
Iranian Defence Minister Mostafa Mohammad Najjar said the Iranian - made surface - to - surface Sejil missile had “ extremely high capabilities ” and was only intended for defensive purposes .
He said it had a range of close to 2,000 km ( 1,200 miles ) , almost as far as another Iranian missile , Shahab 3 .
That would enable it to reach Israel and U.S. bases in the Gulf .
“ This missile test is in the framework of Iran ’s deterrent doctrine , ” the official IRNA news agency quoted him as saying .
“ It will only land on the heads of those enemies ... who want to make an aggression and invade the Islamic Republic , ” said Najjar , who did not mention any country by name .
Iran ’s English - language Press TV said the Sejil missile had two stages and was of a type that used combined solid fuel .
An Iranian surface - to - surface missile lifts off from a launch platform during a test firing at an undisclosed location in the Iranian desert in this image released to Fars News by the military November 12 , 2008 .
REUTERS / FARS NEWS
A missile was shown soaring from a platform in desert - like terrain , leaving a long vapor trail .
“ Honor ”
It came a day after media said the Revolutionary Guards had test - fired another missile called Samen near the Iraqi border .
“ They do it all the time .
It ’s Iranian machismo , ” said Tim Ripley , an analyst at Jane ’s Defence Weekly .
Two stages could increase a missile ’s range , he said , noting that Iran had in the past borrowed technology from North Korea although he said he could not say if that was true this time .
The United States accuses Iran of seeking to build atomic bombs , while Iran says it only aims to generate electricity .
Iran has said it would respond to any attack by targeting U.S. interests and America ’s ally Israel , as well as closing the Strait of Hormuz , a vital route for world oil supplies .
The United States is planning to install a defensive shield in central Europe against missiles it says could be fired by states such as Iran .
“ We ’ve consistently pointed out that Iran ’s missile program is a concern and this testing is another reminder of the importance of establishing a missile defense site in Poland and the Czech Republic to defend the U.S. and Europe against a threat that is developing in Iran , ” Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman told reporters .
Moscow on Wednesday rejected U.S. proposals intended to allay its concerns about the system .
Senior officials from the United States , Russia , Britain , France , China and Germany were due to meet in Paris on Thursday to discuss their next steps in their nuclear showdown with Iran .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who often rails against the West , told a provincial rally Iran would defeat its enemies .
“ The Iranian nation defends its honor and whichever power that wants to stand against the movement of the Iranian nation , the Iranian nation will crush it under its foot and slap it on the mouth , ” he said in a speech broadcast live on television .
Last week , Iran ’s military said U.S. helicopters had been seen flying close to Iran ’s border and that it would respond to any violation , a message analysts said seemed directed at Obama more than American troops in Iraq .
It followed a cross - border raid in October by U.S. forces into Syria , a move that was condemned by Damascus and Tehran .
The December alert , issued by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , warned consumers not to purchase or consume 25 products claiming weight loss benefits .
Of the 25 products listed in the warning , many are manufactured in or contain ingredients from China or Japan and not deemed compliant with U.S. standards .
However , there are many weight management products sold over - the - counter that are compliant and clinically shown to work .
The December alert , issued by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , warned consumers not to purchase or consume 25 products claiming weight loss benefits .
Of the 25 products listed in the warning , many are manufactured in or contain ingredients from China or Japan and not deemed compliant with U.S. standards .
There are , however , many weight management products sold over - the - counter that are compliant and clinically shown to work .
As those struggling with weight resolve to shed unhealthy pounds in the New Year , it is increasingly important to know what to look for before choosing a weight loss aid .
Here are some tips to help you determine which diet aid may be right for you .
Look for Diet Aids with Full Formula Clinical Trials
Many products claim an " ingredient " or " ingredients " that " may help with " or are " demonstrated " to aid in weight loss .
Mixing together multiple ingredients can , however , alter the effect of any one ingredient 's attributes and result in a less - than - effective diet aid .
Look for products with clinical trials conducted on the full formula , such as SlimShots , SlimFast , or Alli .
These products ' formulas , in their entirety , have been clinically shown to be effective in weight management .
Look for Diet Aids that Suppress Your Appetite and Help You Reduce Calories
Weight loss , pure and simple , is a result of eating less and burning more calories than you consume .
Transitioning from super - sized to right - sized food portions can be made less difficult with the use of an appetite suppressing diet aid .
SlimShots , for example , is a stimulant - free appetite controller that has been clinically shown to help users reduce calories up to 30 % each day and works for 8 - hours .
SlimFast , although a meal replacement product , helps to control the appetite for up to 4 - hours .
Look for Products with No to Low Side Effects
Educate yourself on a product 's ingredients and talk with your physician and pharmacist before using any diet aid .
Common diet aid ingredients such as Green Tea , Cocoa , and Guarana are stimulants and can cause heart palpitations , jitters , or nervousness .
Fiber ingredients like Glucomannan provide a sense of fullness , but that fullness is often described as bloating .
Fat blocking products , like Alli , can cause loose , runny , even unpredictable bowel movements when users do not adhere to the strict low - fat diet .
In short , it is important to know how the product works , how it may interact with other medications you are taking , and whether the possible side effects are tolerable for you before purchasing or using the product .
Look for Product Dosing Requirements to Understand the True Cost of the Aid
Products that appear to give you more for your money are often more expensive .
This is due to the dosing requirements for the full benefit of the aid .
For example , the suggested retail price on a 30 - count box of SlimShots is $ 39.99 while a 60 - count starter kit of Alli costs $ 49.99 .
While it appears that Alli provides more for your money , the opposite is true .
Here is why : the recommended dosing for SlimShots is 1 time per day while Alli 's recommended dosing is 3 times per day .
This equates to a 30 - count box of SlimShots lasting a full 30 - days at a cost of $ 1.33 per day versus Alli's 60 - count starter kit lasting just 20 - days at a cost of $ 2.49 per day .
Look for Diet Aids Promoting Healthy Eating and Exercise
The key to healthy weight loss and sustained weight management is balance - eating healthier and in the proper portions and burning the calories you ingest .
A good guide for a nutritionally balanced diet is the FDA Food Pyramid and exercise can be as simple as spending 15 minutes in the morning and evening jumping rope , taking a brisk walk around the block with your dog , walking through a mall , or even playing tag with your kids .
As you consider losing those unhealthy pounds in the New Year , remember that good quality diet aids can help you accomplish your goals , but changing the lifestyle behaviors that lead to weight gain is ultimately up to you .
Shortly after President Obama took the oath of office at noon in Washington , the Dow was down 127.63 points at 8,152 , as the second bail - out of the UK banking system sparked new fears that banks around the world will need more government help .
As ministers and officials gather in Poznan one year ahead of the Copenhagen summit on global warming , the second part of a major series looks at the crucial issue of targets
At a high - level academic conference on global warming at Exeter University this summer , climate scientist Kevin Anderson stood before his expert audience and contemplated a strange feeling .
He wanted to be wrong .
Many of those in the room who knew what he was about to say felt the same .
His conclusions had already caused a stir in scientific and political circles .
Even committed green campaigners said the implications left them terrified .
Anderson , an expert at the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research at Manchester University , was about to send the gloomiest dispatch yet from the frontline of the war against climate change .
Despite the political rhetoric , the scientific warnings , the media headlines and the corporate promises , he would say , carbon emissions were soaring way out of control - far above even the bleak scenarios considered by last year 's report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and the Stern review .
The battle against dangerous climate change had been lost , and the world needed to prepare for things to get very , very bad .
" As an academic I wanted to be told that it was a very good piece of work and that the conclusions were sound , " Anderson said .
" But as a human being I desperately wanted someone to point out a mistake , and to tell me we had got it completely wrong . "
Nobody did .
The cream of the UK climate science community sat in stunned silence as Anderson pointed out that carbon emissions since 2000 have risen much faster than anyone thought possible , driven mainly by the coal - fuelled economic boom in the developing world .
So much extra pollution is being pumped out , he said , that most of the climate targets debated by politicians and campaigners are fanciful at best , and " dangerously misguided " at worst .
In the jargon used to count the steady accumulation of carbon dioxide in the Earth 's thin layer of atmosphere , he said it was " improbable " that levels could now be restricted to 650 parts per million ( ppm ) .
The CO2 level is currently over 380 ppm , up from 280 ppm at the time of the industrial revolution , and it rises by more than 2 ppm each year .
The government 's official position is that the world should aim to cap this rise at 450 ppm .
The science is fuzzy , but experts say that could offer an even - money chance of limiting the eventual temperature rise above pre-industrial times to 2C , which the EU defines as dangerous .
( We have had 0.7C of that already and an estimated extra 0.5C is guaranteed because of emissions to date . )
The graphs on the large screens behind Anderson 's head at Exeter told a different story .
Line after line , representing the fumes that belch from chimneys , exhausts and jet engines , that should have bent in a rapid curve towards the ground , were heading for the ceiling instead .
At 650 ppm , the same fuzzy science says the world would face a catastrophic 4C average rise .
And even that bleak future , Anderson said , could only be achieved if rich countries adopted " draconian emission reductions within a decade " .
Only an unprecedented " planned economic recession " might be enough .
The current financial woes would not come close .
Lost cause
Anderson is not the only expert to voice concerns that current targets are hopelessly optimistic .
Many scientists , politicians and campaigners privately admit that 2C is a lost cause .
Ask for projections around the dinner table after a few bottles of wine and more vote for 650 ppm than 450 ppm as the more likely outcome .
Bob Watson , chief scientist at the Environment Department and a former head of the IPCC , warned this year that the world needed to prepare for a 4C rise , which would wipe out hundreds of species , bring extreme food and water shortages in vulnerable countries and cause floods that would displace hundreds of millions of people .
Warming would be much more severe towards the poles , which could accelerate melting of the Greenland and West Antarctic ice sheets .
Watson said : " We must alert everybody that at the moment we 're at the very top end of the worst case [ emissions ] scenario .
I think we should be striving for 450 [ ppm ] but I think we should be prepared that 550 [ ppm ] is a more likely outcome . "
Hitting the 450 ppm target , he said , would be " unbelievably difficult " .
A report for the Australian government this autumn suggested that the 450 ppm goal is so ambitious that it could wreck attempts to agree a new global deal on global warming at Copenhagen next year .
The report , from economist Ross Garnaut and dubbed the Australian Stern review , says nations must accept that a greater amount of warming is inevitable , or risk a failure to agree that " would haunt humanity until the end of time " .
It says developed nations including Britain , the US and Australia , would have to slash carbon dioxide emissions by 5 % each year over the next decade to hit the 450 ppm target .
Britain 's Climate Change
Act 2008 , the most ambitious legislation of its kind in the world , calls for reductions of about 3 % each year to 2050 .
Garnaut , a professorial fellow in economics at Melbourne University , said : " Achieving the objective of 450 ppm would require tighter constraints on emissions than now seem likely in the period to 2020 ...
The only alternative would be to impose even tighter constraints on developing countries from 2013 , and that does not appear to be realistic at this time . "
The report adds : " The awful arithmetic means that exclusively focusing on a 450 ppm outcome , at this moment , could end up providing another reason for not reaching an international agreement to reduce emissions .
In the meantime , the cost of excessive focus on an unlikely goal could consign to history any opportunity to lock in an agreement for stabilising at 550 ppm - a more modest , but still difficult , international outcome .
An effective agreement around 550 ppm would be vastly superior to continuation of business as usual . "
Henry Derwent , former head of the UK's international climate negotiating team and now president of the International Emissions Trading Association , said a new climate treaty was unlikely to include a stabilisation goal - either 450 ppm or 550 ppm .
" You 've got to avoid talking and thinking in those terms because otherwise the politics reaches a dead end , " he said .
Many small island states are predicted to be swamped by rising seas with global warming triggered by carbon levels as low as 400 p pm .
" It 's really difficult for countries to sign up to something that loses them half their territory .
It 's not going to work . "
A new agreement in Copenhagen should concentrate instead on shorter term targets , such as firm emission reductions by 2020 , he said .
Worst time
The escalating scale of human emissions could not have come at a worst time , as scientists have discovered that the Earth 's forests and oceans could be losing their ability to soak up carbon pollution .
Most climate projections assume that about half of all carbon emissions are reabsorbed in these natural sinks .
Computer models predict that this effect will weaken as the world warms , and a string of recent studies suggests this is happening already .
The Southern Ocean 's ability to absorb carbon dioxide has weakened by about 15 % a decade since 1981 , while in the North Atlantic , scientists at the University of East Anglia also found a dramatic decline in the CO2 sink between the mid-1990s and mid-2000s .
A separate study published this year showed the ability of forests to soak up anthropogenic carbon dioxide - that caused by human activity - was weakening , because the changing length of the seasons alters the time when trees switch from being a sink of carbon to a source .
Soils could also be giving up their carbon stores : evidence emerged in 2005 that a vast expanse of western Siberia was undergoing an unprecedented thaw .
The region , the largest frozen peat bog in the world , had begun to melt for the first time since it formed 11,000 years ago .
Scientists believe the bog could begin to release billions of tonnes of methane locked up in the soils , a greenhouse gas 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide .
The World Meteorological Organisation recently reported the largest annual rise of methane levels in the atmosphere for a decade .
Some experts argue that the grave nature of recent studies , combined with the unexpected boom in carbon emissions , demands an urgent reassessment of the situation .
In an article published this month in the journal Climatic Change , Peter Sheehan , an economist at Victoria University , Australia , says the scale of recent emissions means the carbon cuts suggested by the IPCC to stabilise levels in the atmosphere " cannot be taken as a reliable guide for immediate policy determination " .
The cuts , he says , will need to be bigger and in more places .
Earlier this year , Jim Hansen , senior climate scientist with Nasa , published a paper that said the world 's carbon targets needed to be urgently revised because of the risk of feedbacks in the climate system .
He used reconstructions of the Earth 's past climate to show that a target of 350 ppm , significantly below where we are today , is needed to " preserve a planet similar to that on which civilisation developed and to which life on Earth is adapted " .
Hansen has suggested a joint review by Britain 's Royal Society and the US National Academy of Sciences of all research findings since the IPCC report .
Rajendra Pachauri , who chairs the IPCC , argues that suggestions the IPCC report is out of date is " not a valid position at all " .
He said : " What the IPCC produces is not based on two years of literature , but 30 or 40 years of literature .
We 're not dealing with short - term weather changes , we 're talking about major changes in our climate system .
I refuse to accept that a few papers are in any way going to influence the long - term projections the IPCC has come up with . "
At Defra , Watson said : " Even without the new information there was enough to make most policy makers think that urgent action was absolutely essential .
The new information only strengthens that and pushes it even harder .
It was already very urgent to start with .
It 's now become very , very urgent . "
Editor 's Note :
We are posting this feature from our March 2002 issue because of news from the annual meeting of the American Astronomical Society about the phenomenon discussed here .
We live in a universe that is full of bright objects .
On a clear night one can see thousands of stars with the naked eye .
These stars occupy merely a small nearby part of the Milky Way galaxy ; telescopes reveal a much vaster realm that shines with the light from billions of galaxies .
According to our current understanding of cosmology , however , the universe was featureless and dark for a long stretch of its early history .
The first stars did not appear until perhaps 100 million years after the big bang , and nearly a billion years passed before galaxies proliferated across the cosmos .
Astronomers have long wondered :
How did this dramatic transition from darkness to light come about ?
After decades of study , researchers have recently made great strides toward answering this question .
Using sophisticated computer simulation techniques , cosmologists have devised models that show how the density fluctuations left over from the big bang could have evolved into the first stars .
In addition , observations of distant quasars have allowed scientists to probe back in time and catch a glimpse of the final days of the “ cosmic dark ages . ”
The new models indicate that the first stars were most likely quite massive and luminous and that their formation was an epochal event that fundamentally changed the universe and its subsequent evolution .
These stars altered the dynamics of the cosmos by heating and ionizing the surrounding gases .
The earliest stars also produced and dispersed the first heavy elements , paving the way for the eventual formation of solar systems like our own .
And the collapse of some of the first stars may have seeded the growth of supermassive black holes that formed in the hearts of galaxies and became the spectacular power sources of quasars .
In short , the earliest stars made possible the emergence of the universe that we see today — everything from galaxies and quasars to planets and people .
The Dark Ages
The study of the early universe is hampered by a lack of direct observations .
Astronomers have been able to examine much of the universe ’s history by training their telescopes on distant galaxies and quasars that emitted their light billions of years ago .
The age of each object can be determined by the redshift of its light , which shows how much the universe has expanded since the light was produced .
The oldest galaxies and quasars that have been observed so far date from about a billion years after the big bang ( assuming a present age for the universe of 12 billion to 14 billion years ) .
Researchers will need better telescopes to see more distant objects dating from still earlier times .
Cosmologists , however , can make deductions about the early universe based on the cosmic microwave background radiation , which was emitted about 400,000 years after the big bang .
The uniformity of this radiation indicates that matter was distributed very smoothly at that time .
Because there were no large luminous objects to disturb the primordial soup , it must have remained smooth and featureless for millions of years afterward .
As the cosmos expanded , the background radiation redshifted to longer wavelengths and the universe grew increasingly cold and dark .
Astronomers have no observations of this dark era .
But by a billion years after the big bang , some bright galaxies and quasars had already appeared , so the first stars must have formed sometime before .
When did these first luminous objects arise , and how might they have formed ?
Many astrophysicists , including Martin Rees of the University of Cambridge and Abraham Loeb of Harvard University , have made important contributions toward solving these problems .
The recent studies begin with the standard cosmological models that describe the evolution of the universe following the big bang .
Although the early universe was remarkably smooth , the background radiation shows evidence of small - scale density fluctuations — clumps in the primordial soup .
The cosmological models predict that these clumps would gradually evolve into gravitationally bound structures .
Smaller systems would form first and then merge into larger agglomerations .
The denser regions would take the form of a network of filaments , and the first star - forming systems — small protogalaxies — would coalesce at the nodes of this network .
In a similar way , the protogalaxies would then merge to form galaxies , and the galaxies would congregate into galaxy clusters .
The process is ongoing : although galaxy formation is now mostly complete , galaxies are still assembling into clusters , which are in turn aggregating into a vast filamentary network that stretches across the universe .
According to the cosmological models , the first small systems capable of forming stars should have appeared between 100 million and 250 million years after the big bang .
These protogalaxies would have been 100,000 to one million times more massive than the sun and would have measured about 30 to 100 light - years across .
These properties are similar to those of the molecular gas clouds in which stars are currently forming in the Milky Way , but the first protogalaxies would have differed in some fundamental ways .
For one , they would have consisted mostly of dark matter , the putative elementary particles that are believed to make up about 90 percent of the universe ’s mass .
In present - day large galaxies , dark matter is segregated from ordinary matter : over time , ordinary matter concentrates in the galaxy ’s inner region , whereas the dark matter remains scattered throughout an enormous outer halo .
But in the protogalaxies , the ordinary matter would still have been mixed with the dark matter .
The second important difference is that the protogalaxies would have contained no significant amounts of any elements besides hydrogen and helium .
The big bang produced hydrogen and helium , but most of the heavier elements are created only by the thermonuclear fusion reactions in stars , so they would not have been present before the first stars had formed .
Astronomers use the term “ metals ” for all these heavier elements .
The young metal - rich stars in the Milky Way are called Population I stars , and the old metal - poor stars are called Population II stars ; following this terminology , the stars with no metals at all — the very first generation — are sometimes called Population III stars .
In the absence of metals , the physics of the first star - forming systems would have been much simpler than that of present - day molecular gas clouds .
Furthermore , the cosmological models can provide , in principle , a complete description of the initial conditions that preceded the first generation of stars .
In contrast , the stars that arise from molecular gas clouds are born in complex environments that have been altered by the effects of previous star formation .
Therefore , scientists may find it easier to model the formation of the first stars than to model how stars form at present .
In any case , the problem is an appealing one for theoretical study , and several research groups have used computer simulations to portray the formation of the earliest stars .
A group consisting of Tom Abel , Greg Bryan and Michael L. Norman ( now at Pennsylvania State University , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of California at San Diego , respectively ) has made the most realistic simulations .
In collaboration with Paolo Coppi of Yale University , we have done simulations based on simpler assumptions but intended to explore a wider range of possibilities .
Toru Tsuribe , now at Osaka University in Japan , has made similar calculations using more powerful computers .
Fumitaka Nakamura and Masayuki Umemura ( now at Niigata and Tsukuba universities in Japan , respectively ) have worked with a more idealized simulation , but it has still yielded instructive results .
Although these studies differ in various details , they have all produced similar descriptions of how the earliest stars might have been born .
Let There Be Light !
The simulations show that the primordial gas clouds would typically form at the nodes of a small - scale filamentary network and then begin to contract because of their gravity .
Compression would heat the gas to temperatures above 1,000 kelvins .
Some hydrogen atoms would pair up in the dense , hot gas , creating trace amounts of molecular hydrogen .
The hydrogen molecules would then start to cool the densest parts of the gas by emitting infrared radiation after they collide with hydrogen atoms .
The temperature in the densest parts would drop to about 200 to 300 kelvins , reducing the gas pressure in these regions and hence allowing them to contract into gravitationally bound clumps .
This cooling plays an essential role in allowing the ordinary matter in the primordial system to separate from the dark matter .
The cooling hydrogen settles into a flattened rotating configuration that is clumpy and filamentary and possibly shaped like a disk .
But because the darkmatter particles would not emit radiation or lose energy , they would remain scattered in the primordial cloud .
Thus , the star - forming system would come to resemble a miniature galaxy , with a disk of ordinary matter and a halo of dark matter .
Inside the disk , the densest clumps of gas would continue to contract , and eventually some of them would undergo a runaway collapse and become stars .
The first star - forming clumps were much warmer than the molecular gas clouds in which most stars currently form .
Dust grains and molecules containing heavy elements cool the present - day clouds much more efficiently to temperatures of only about 10 kelvins .
The minimum mass that a clump of gas must have to collapse under its gravity is called the Jeans mass , which is proportional to the square of the gas temperature and inversely proportional to the square root of the gas pressure .
The first star - forming systems would have had pressures similar to those of present - day molecular clouds .
But because the temperatures of the first collapsing gas clumps were almost 30 times higher than those of molecular clouds , their Jeans mass would have been almost 1,000 times larger .
In molecular clouds in the nearby part of the Milky Way , the Jeans mass is roughly equal to the mass of the sun , and the masses of the prestellar clumps observed in these clouds are about the same .
If we scale up by a factor of almost 1,000 , we can estimate that the masses of the first star - forming clumps would have been about 500 to 1,000 solar masses .
In agreement with this prediction , all the computer simulations mentioned above showed the formation of clumps with masses of several hundred solar masses or more .
Our group ’s calculations suggest that the predicted masses of the first star - forming clumps are not very sensitive to the assumed cosmological conditions ( for example , the exact nature of the initial density fluctuations ) .
In fact , the predicted masses depend primarily on the physics of the hydrogen molecule and only secondarily on the cosmological model or simulation technique .
One reason is that molecular hydrogen cannot cool the gas below 200 kelvins , making this a lower limit to the temperature of the first star - forming clumps .
Another is that the cooling from molecular hydrogen becomes inefficient at the higher densities encountered when the clumps begin to collapse .
At these densities the hydrogen molecules collide with other atoms before they have time to emit an infrared photon ; this raises the gas temperature and slows down the contraction until the clumps have built up to at least a few hundred solar masses .
What was the fate of the first collapsing clumps ?
Did they form stars with similarly large masses , or did they fragment into many smaller parts and form many smaller stars ?
The research groups have pushed their calculations to the point at which the clumps are well on their way to forming stars , and none of the simulations has yet revealed any tendency for the clumps to fragment .
This agrees with our understanding of present - day star formation ; observations and simulations show that the fragmentation of star - forming clumps is typically limited to the formation of binary systems ( two stars orbiting around each other ) .
Fragmentation seems even less likely to occur in the primordial clumps , because the inefficiency of molecular hydrogen cooling would keep the Jeans mass high .
The simulations , however , have not yet determined the final outcome of collapse with certainty , and the formation of binary systems cannot be ruled out .
Different groups have arrived at somewhat different estimates of just how massive the first stars might have been .
Abel , Bryan and Norman have argued that the stars probably had masses no greater than 300 solar masses .
Our own work suggests that masses as high as 1,000 solar masses might have been possible .
Both predictions might be valid in different circumstances : the very first stars to form might have had masses no larger than 300 solar masses , whereas stars that formed a little later from the collapse of larger protogalaxies might have reached the higher estimate .
Quantitative predictions are difficult because of feedback effects ; as a massive star forms , it produces intense radiation and matter outflows that may blow away some of the gas in the collapsing clump .
But these effects depend strongly on the presence of heavy elements in the gas , and therefore they should be less important for the earliest stars .
Thus , it seems safe to conclude that the first stars in the universe were typically many times more massive and luminous than the sun .
The Cosmic Renaissance
What effects did these first stars have on the rest of the universe ?
An important property of stars with no metals is that they have higher surface temperatures than stars with compositions like that of the sun .
The production of nuclear energy at the center of a star is less efficient without metals , and the star would have to be hotter and more compact to produce enough energy to counteract gravity .
Because of the more compact structure , the surface layers of the star would also be hotter .
In collaboration with Rolf - Peter Kudritzki of the University of Hawaii and Abraham Loeb of Harvard , one of us ( Bromm ) devised theoretical models of such stars with masses between 100 and 1,000 solar masses .
The models showed that the stars had surface temperatures of about 100,000 kelvins — about 17 times higher than the sun ’s surface temperature .
Therefore , the first starlight in the universe would have been mainly ultraviolet radiation from very hot stars , and it would have begun to heat and ionize the neutral hydrogen and helium gas around these stars soon after they formed .
We call this event the cosmic renaissance .
Although astronomers cannot yet estimate how much of the gas in the universe condensed into the first stars , even a fraction as small as one part in 100,000 could have been enough for these stars to ionize much of the remaining gas .
Once the first stars started shining , a growing bubble of ionized gas would have formed around each one .
As more and more stars formed over hundreds of millions of years , the bubbles of ionized gas would have eventually merged , and the intergalactic gas would have become completely ionized .
Scientists from the California Institute of Technology and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey have recently found evidence for the final stages of this ionization process .
The researchers observed strong absorption of ultraviolet light in the spectra of quasars that date from about 900 million years after the big bang .
The results suggest that the last patches of neutral hydrogen gas were being ionized at that time .
Helium requires more energy to ionize than hydrogen does , but if the first stars were as massive as predicted , they would have ionized helium at the same time .
On the other hand , if the first stars were not quite so massive , the helium must have been ionized later by energetic radiation from sources such as quasars .
Future observations of distant objects may help determine when the universe ’s helium was ionized .
If the first stars were indeed very massive , they would also have had relatively short lifetimes — only a few million years .
Some of the stars would have exploded as supernovae at the end of their lives , expelling the metals they produced by fusion reactions .
Stars that are between 100 and 250 times as massive as the sun are predicted to blow up completely in energetic explosions , and some of the first stars most likely had masses in this range .
Because metals are much more effective than hydrogen in cooling star - forming clouds and allowing them to collapse into stars , the production and dispersal of even a small amount could have had a major effect on star formation .
Working in collaboration with Andrea Ferrara of the University of Florence in Italy , we have found that when the abundance of metals in star - forming clouds rises above one thousandth of the metal abundance in the sun , the metals rapidly cool the gas to the temperature of the cosmic background radiation .
( This temperature declines as the universe expands , falling to 19 kelvins a billion years after the big bang and to 2.7 kelvins today . )
This efficient cooling allows the formation of stars with smaller masses and may also considerably boost the overall rate at which stars are born .
In fact , it is possible that the pace of star formation did not accelerate until after the first metals had been produced .
In this case , the second - generation stars might have been the ones primarily responsible for lighting up the universe and bringing about the cosmic renaissance .
At the start of this active period of star birth , the cosmic background temperature would have been higher than the temperature in present - day molecular clouds ( 10 kelvins ) .
Until the temperature dropped to that level — which happened about two billion years after the big bang — the process of star formation may still have favored massive stars .
As a result , large numbers of such stars may have formed during the early stages of galaxy building by successive mergers of protogalaxies .
A similar phenomenon may occur in the modern universe when two galaxies collide and trigger a starburst — a sudden increase in the rate of star formation .
Such events are now fairly rare , but some evidence suggests that they may produce relatively large numbers of massive stars .
Puzzling Evidence
This hypothesis about early star formation might help explain some puzzling features of the present universe .
One unsolved problem is that galaxies contain fewer metal - poor stars than would be expected if metals were produced at a rate proportional to the star formation rate .
This discrepancy might be resolved if early star formation had produced relatively more massive stars ; on dying , these stars would have dispersed large amounts of metals , which would have then been incorporated into most of the low - mass stars that we now see .
Another puzzling feature is the high metal abundance of the hot x-ray - emitting intergalactic gas in clusters of galaxies .
This observation could be accounted for most easily if there had been an early period of rapid formation of massive stars and a correspondingly high supernova rate that chemically enriched the intergalactic gas .
The case for a high supernova rate at early times also dovetails with the recent evidence suggesting that most of the ordinary matter and metals in the universe lies in the diffuse intergalactic medium rather than in galaxies .
To produce such a distribution of matter , galaxy formation must have been a spectacular process , involving intense bursts of massive star formation and barrages of supernovae that expelled most of the gas and metals out of the galaxies .
Stars that are more than 250 times more massive than the sun do not explode at the end of their lives ; instead they collapse into similarly massive black holes .
Several of the computer simulations mentioned above predict that some of the first stars would have had masses this great .
Because the first stars formed in the densest parts of the universe , any black holes resulting from their collapse would have become incorporated , via successive mergers , into systems of larger and larger size .
It is possible that some of these black holes became concentrated in the inner part of large galaxies and seeded the growth of the supermassive black holes — millions of times more massive than the sun — that are now found in galactic nuclei .
Furthermore , astronomers believe that the energy source for quasars is the gas whirling into the black holes at the centers of large galaxies .
If smaller black holes had formed at the centers of some of the first protogalaxies , the accretion of matter into the holes might have generated “ mini quasars . ”
Because these objects could have appeared soon after the first stars , they might have provided an additional source of light and ionizing radiation at early times .
Thus , a coherent picture of the universe ’s early history is emerging , although certain parts remain speculative .
The formation of the first stars and protogalaxies began a process of cosmic evolution .
Much evidence suggests that the period of most intense star formation , galaxy building and quasar activity occurred a few billion years after the big bang and that all these phenomena have continued at declining rates as the universe has aged .
Most of the cosmic structure building has now shifted to larger scales as galaxies assemble into clusters .
In the coming years , researchers hope to learn more about the early stages of the story , when structures started developing on the smallest scales .
Because the first stars were most likely very massive and bright , instruments such as the Next Generation Space Telescope — the planned successor to the Hubble Space Telescope — might detect some of these ancient bodies .
Then astronomers may be able to observe directly how a dark , featureless universe formed the brilliant panoply of objects that now give us light and life .
A New Hampshire couple was taken into police custody on Christmas Day after an argument over gifts turned violent , reports Boston 's WCVB .
26 - year - old Heath Blom grew incensed after he did not receive a $ 1,000 radio - controlled plane as a Christmas gift from his grandparents , according to police reports .
When his girlfriend , 24 - year - old Randi Young , presented Blom with a Nintendo Wii , he began insulting both the console and Ms. Young , leading to a violent altercation between the two .
" He dragged me down two flights of stairs , by the hair , " Young claims .
Though Blom says : " I stood in the doorway trying to block her .
She punched me in the eye .
She punched me three times .
I said ' That ’s it . '
And I pulled her hair . "
Ricky Young , Sr. ( Young 's grandfather who both she and Blom live with ) corroborates her version of events and says the duo " fight like little kids ...
But to fight on Christmas , of all days .
That 's crazy . "
Image courtesy Nintendo
Couple Arrested After Christmas Gift Fight [ WCVB , via Shacknews ]
Maybe they thought he was gay .
[ I ]t ’s hard not to see Dean as a lesson in how political hardball is played in Washington .
Never liked by establishment party figures —
Dean publicly feuded with incoming White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel ( Ill. ) when the latter headed the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee during the 2006 election cycle —
Dean finds himself on the outside looking in as a new Democratic administration comes to town … .
Dean then made a play to be secretary of health and human services in the Obama administration but was quickly shot down in favor of former senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota , a confidante of the president - elect .
Dean ’s confrontational style and aversion to fundraising led to clashes with party leaders ( Emanuel among others ) during his four years at the helm of the DNC , but , in hindsight , some of his most controversial strategic moves paid off .
Dean was widely disparaged within the party for his “ 50 - state strategy ” — a plan to put DNC - paid staffers on the ground in every state to ensure the party fielded a competitive slate of candidates .
Yet , the 2006 and 2008 elections seemed to justify Dean ’s decision as Democrats won in such states as North Carolina , Virginia , Alabama , Kansas and Idaho — places that , as recently as a few elections ago , were considered impenetrable ….
A source familiar with Dean ’s 2004 presidential campaign and his DNC chairmanship argued not only that the former governor ’s presidential bid lay the technological foundation for Obama ’s successes but also that the chairman ’s unbending enforcement of the primary rules — stripping Florida and Michigan of their delegates and their meaningfulness — played a large role in Obama ’s victory over Hillary Rodham Clinton .
“ I guess it proves that no good deed goes unpunished , ” the source said .
Inside 1&1's Giant Web Hosting Data Center
Photos of the ISP 's newly green data center in Kansas reveal the infrastructure behind the Web host 's strategically located facility .
From the parking lot , it does n't look like much , but inside a former storage facility on the outskirts of Kansas City lies a powerhouse of data connectivity .
Here , one of the world 's largest Web hosting companies has built its U.S. data center .
At its Kansas data center , 1&1 's five server rooms hold 860 racks and can accommodate at least 40,000 servers .
( click for image gallery )
With an abundance of fiber lines running parallel to Kansas City 's railroads -- it 's the second largest railroad hub in the United States -- Lenexa , Kan. , was a natural choice for 1&1 Internet to set up shop .
Two redundant backbone routing systems handle data over geographically diverse gigabit connections , and its location in the center of the country make the data center uniquely capable of providing equal latency for both East and West coasts .
Co-location is not offered in the 2 - year - old facility .
That and " a high rate of automation [ are ] good for stability , " explained Thorsten Ziegler , head of the U.S. data center , during a tour of the facility .
Data is transferred between servers and the Internet via 20 - Gbps metropolitan area network connections .
The center is IPV6 - enabled -- it 's " running all over the network , " said Ziegler , and is offered to customers , but not advertised .
Less than 1 % of 1&1 's dedicated server customers are using it .
" IPv6 shortage is an industry challenge , " Ziegler acknowledged .
The backbone must make big investments in order to provide the next generation Internet protocol .
But until content providers create a demand for IP v6 , it 's unlikely to take off .
The company has four other data centers in Europe , where it is based , and hosts more than 10 million domain names for its customers , who are primarily individuals and small businesses .
About 40 % of 1&1's U.S. customers run on Microsoft .
" People in the U.S. want a brand .
With Exchange , you know what you 're getting , " explained U.S. general manager Sebastian Moser .
The rest run on a Debian - based flavor of Linux that Ziegler calls " Schlunix " ( pronounced " schloooonix " ) -- after company cofounder Rainer Schlund .
In Europe , 90 % prefer Linux , Ziegler said .
" There 's a profound distrust of Microsoft in Germany , " where the company is headquartered .
This week 1&1 announced that the Lenexa data center will be purchasing renewable energy certificates ( RECs ) to offset 100 % of the data center 's electricity use .
Most of the credits will be sourced from a Kansas hydroelectric facility .
View photos of 1&1 's data center here .
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels , or [ contact us directly ] with questions about the site .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy has denied he was caught napping as the Senate debated his legislation .
Stephen Conroy was in the chamber listening to debate on a bill relating to the planned digital TV switchover .
He appeared to rest his eyes through much of a speech by Liberal backbencher Alan Eggleston before being roused by a second speaker .
" Sorry to disturb your slumber , " Liberal Ian Macdonald said .
The football field , which was speared by debris , is again lush green , lined with stripes and mowed perfectly .
The mangled signs of 205 - mile - an - hour chaos are gone , replaced by new bleachers , light towers , goal posts and a short chain - link fence behind which restless men and children watch the games .
A new scoreboard stands in a corner .
A rumpled metal piece of the old one , proclaiming this to be “ Falcon Country , ” hangs as a twisted memorial where the players take the field .
“ You get beat up , battered , but you get back up off the ground , ” Thomas said .
The Falcons , beyond reasonable expectations , are 10 - 0 and ranked No. 1 in Iowa ’s Class 1A , for small schools but not the smallest .
There is no high school here , not anymore and not yet , but there is a team .
And those who never dreamed of such destruction now imagine a recovery that includes a championship .
Aplington - Parkersburg opened the state playoffs with a 42 - 0 victory against St. Ansgar on Wednesday night at Ed Thomas Field .
As people gathered in the chilled twilight before the game , many stopped at the orange construction fence to look at the school being resurrected .
They saw backhoes and dump trucks .
They saw a horizon filled with houses and businesses in various states of construction .
When asked about May 25 , some of them cried .
Then they filled the new bleachers and cheered .
“ We ’re just happy to help out the town , ” said Alex Hornbuckle , a junior running back who scored five touchdowns Wednesday and is one of three 1,000 - yard rushers on a team running an old - school wing - T offense .
“ Whether it ’s building houses or playing football , we ’re just happy to help , ” he said .
A weekly series from the Ruby Masters
Welcome to the next installment of the weekly interview series on the RL blog – “ Path to Ruby Mastery ” – by top trainers and developers in the Ruby community , from across the globe .
The interview series will provide insight and commentary from these notable Ruby trainers and developers , with the goal of facilitating and providing answers to the questions Ruby beginners face .
We welcome your suggestions for interviewees and questions .
Look for a new post every Tuesday !
This week , we ’re happy to have Josh Susser from USA .
Satish Talim >>
Welcome , Josh and thanks for taking out time to share your thoughts .
For the benefit of the readers , could you tell us something about your self ?
Josh >>
I ’ve been doing object - oriented programming since the mid-80s , back when hardly anyone had heard the term let alone understood what it was .
I ’ve worked on a wide range of object technologies , from Smalltalk applications and virtual machine code to distributed component systems to defining Sun ’s JavaCard virtual machine .
Now I ’m a senior developer at Pivotal Labs , one of the premiere Rails consulting shops and a seriously awesome place to work .
I ’m probably best known in the Ruby community for my blog , has_many : through and the occasional conference presentation .
I almost started using Ruby in 2002 , but I could n’t find much documentation for it on short notice so I ended up doing the project with a combination of Perl and PHP instead .
It took until 2005 for me , to really discover Ruby and what it was about .
Like so many , I finally came to Ruby because of Rails , and then kicked myself I had n’t started using it earlier .
I found Ruby very easy to pick up ; I had done Smalltalk development for years and some functional stuff here and there , so the basics of the language felt very familiar .
But do n’t worry if you do n’t have that kind of background ; Ruby is a very accessible language for anyone willing to make the effort .
Dennis Theisen , Germany >>
Could you name three features of Ruby that you like the most , as compared to other languages ?
Why ?
Josh >>
First off , Ruby is fully object - oriented , as opposed to Java , C++ and Objective - C which are hybrid languages .
In hybrid languages programs can create data values that are n’t objects but are some other kind of primitive data type .
But in Ruby , every data value you can name is a first - class object .
This makes programs more consistent and gives you smaller code since you can use polymorphism everywhere .
Next , Ruby is dynamically typed , also known as “ duck typed ” , as opposed to being statically typed .
This does n’t mean Ruby is not strongly typed .
It just means that types are enforced at runtime dynamically ( via dynamic binding and method lookup ) rather than by the compiler .
Java on the other hand is statically typed , which is great if you want to be able to prove your programs are correct , but nearly useless in most real - world programming .
It just means you spend a lot of time making the compiler happy instead of getting your features working .
Finally , Ruby has a rich set of control structures and exception handling .
The designers of Smalltalk decided that all control structures must be expressed as message sends .
This made for very ugly if - then - else ( actually ifTrue : ifFalse : ) chains , and no one has ever managed to create a useful case statement .
Matz rejected this ideological extremism to include special syntax for a number of control structures .
As a result the code is smaller and much easier to understand .
This is a big part of why I like Ruby better than Smalltalk .
Willian Molinari , Brazil >>
What has been your biggest challenge while working with Ruby ?
Josh >>
As much as I like TextMate , I ’m frustrated by the lack of a really good IDE for Ruby .
There have been some decent attempts to integrate Ruby into products like IntelliJ and NetBeans , but so far nothing has even reached the point where Smalltalk was 20 years ago .
Some of that is due to the extreme dynamism of the Ruby language , and how meta - programmable it is .
But whatever the cause , I think we should be able to do better .
The other challenging thing about Ruby is that it does n’t have a major corporate sponsor .
Engine Yard , bless their hacker hearts , are doing as much as they can to support Ruby and its ecosystem .
But languages like PHP and Python did n’t really become successful until they got a corporate sponsor who could afford to support development of the language and system libraries .
It ’s a testament to Ruby that it ’s come so far without a Yahoo or Google to throw a lot of money and people at it .
But that still leaves Ruby with some rough spots that are going to need to be smoothed over before it can live up to its potential .
Jerry Anning , USA >>
What best practices are most important for a new Ruby programmer to learn and understand ?
Josh >>
I ’m a big fan of XP so I ’d generally encourage developers to adopt those practices .
But specifically , TDD ( Test Driven Development ) is important for Ruby development .
Ruby is a dynamically typed language , which means you do n’t have a compiler to help you find type errors .
In practice , type errors are n’t all that common , but if you want to be able to have confidence that your code is doing what you expect , TDD is the best way to get there .
One of the great things about Ruby development is the ease of doing TDD .
There are a number of mature and well - supported test frameworks to choose among , and good integration with the popular IDEs and code editors .
Pair programming is also a good practice to adopt , especially when learning a new language .
If you can find a mentor to pair with that ’s great , but pairing with someone who is also learning Ruby is a good way to go too .
Jerry Anning , USA >>
Can you recommend things to study after learning Core Ruby , including different frameworks , gems and external libraries ?
Josh >>
This question seems to be based on the assumption that you can go off and learn the Ruby language , then some add - ons , then do something with it .
I think that ’s the backwards way to go at things .
I ’d suggest finding a project that interests you and figuring out how to use Ruby to do that project .
That should naturally suggest other technologies , libraries , frameworks , etc .
You can even jump in on an existing open - source project , and that way you wo n’t have to think to hard about making those initial technology choices .
My point is that learning in a vacuum is the worst way to learn .
Learning by doing is more effective and also more satisfying .
That said , there are probably some good foundation libraries you ’ll want to be familiar with .
Learn the three major testing frameworks : test / unit , RSpec and Shoulda .
Also get familiar with mocking libraries like RR and Mocha .
Beyond that , most of what you ’ll care about is going to be domain - specific , so there is n’t much point in answering such a generic question with likely irrelevant recommendations .
As for Ruby itself , there is a lot worth mastering in the Core and Standard Libraries ( stdlib ) .
The most high - leverage classes to learn about are String , Array and Hash , as well as the Enumerable mixin .
File and IO are pretty useful too .
Study and understand those classes and you ’ll be well on your way to Ruby mastery .
Satish Talim >>
Most beginners in Ruby , would like to contribute their time , skills and expertise to a project but invariably are unaware of where and how to do so .
Could you suggest some ?
Josh >>
First off , get an account on GitHub .
( If you have n’t learned git yet , get going on that too – it ’s the future for open source SCM . )
Then do some exploring around the various projects and see where you think you can jump in and contribute something .
Pick a project that is currently under development and has an active community .
You ’ll have enough going on that you do n’t want to be championing a project just yet .
Victor Goff , USA >>
How do you see the market for Ruby Programmers in the work place , and do you see it as primarily tied to Rails and Web related work ?
Do you see trends in administration or other work ?
Whatâ€™s the future for Ruby ?
Josh >>
From what I ’ve seen over the past year , it ’s a very good market for Ruby developers .
Most of the Ruby jobs are about building Rails applications or web - related things , but not entirely .
I know quite a few developers building all sorts of things in Ruby that are n’t web apps .
But for the moment Ruby is best suited for web development , and that ’s probably going to be true for another year or two .
Once we see a faster VM and better library coverage , I think you ’ll see Ruby being used in a wide variety of applications .
And if you want to build desktop applications , you should watch out for MacRuby .
Satish Talim >>
What can / should job candidates ( for Ruby ) do to distinguish themselves from their competition ? \
Note :
The candidate has done his / her homework on the company that they are interviewing with .
The candidate understands what they ’re looking for , and the candidate is prepared to show them that he / she fits the bill , based on the candidate ’s skills and experience .
What else can the candidate do , to set themselves apart from other equally well - qualified and well - prepared candidates ?
Josh >>
This is getting to be a cliche , but contributing to open source projects is one of the best ways to show your stuff .
You can demonstrate your technical proficiency , as well as your ability to work in a team , make decisions as a group , resolve conflicts , and deal with rejection ( a big part of open source work ! ) .
The other thing I ’d suggest is to keep a technical blog .
Contributing code to a project is great , but that does n’t show the whole picture of you .
If you keep a blog you can use it to discuss your contributions , document issues , and sound off about things you care about .
This is a great way to let employers learn about you , and also demonstrates your communication skills ( an essential requirement for almost any job ) .
Satish Talim >>
Do you have any other suggestions for these participants ( would - be Ruby developers ) ?
Josh >>
Ruby is a superb language .
It is fully object - oriented , has functional language features like lambdas and higher - order functions , is very easy to meta - program , and has an accessible syntax and flexible structure .
But Matz did n’t invent all those things himself .
In fact Ruby is a synthesis of some of the most powerful ideas in computer science .
If you want to really appreciate Ruby , you should take some time to study up on the systems from which it is derived .
I would start with Smalltalk ( Squeak is a free , open source implementation ) , then read up on Scheme or some other flavor of Lisp .
If you have n’t used Perl , take a look at it just to see how much nicer Ruby ’s syntax is .
And finally , get out and meet other Rubyists .
A big part of what makes Ruby awesome is the community of people who use and contribute to it .
Go to a local meetup or a conference and get connected to the community .
Satish Talim >>
Thanks Josh for sharing your views with the RubyLearning participants .
On 13th Jan. we talk to Thibaut Barrere from France .
Disclaimer : \
The opinions expressed are those of Josh Susser and do not necessarily reflect those of www.RubyLearning.com.
The Path to Ruby Mastery Series ( So Far ) :
We reported yesterday that the only way you ’ll be able to get hold of a demo of Killzone 2 is by pre-ordering it at Gamestop .
Naturally , this only applied to our American readers , but thought it was worth mentioning .
For everyone else , it looks like your individual SCE division will be handling the demo their own way , and for Europe that means SCEE , who , thankfully , will simply be uploading the demo to the PSN according to an official spokesperson this afternoon .
No pre-order , no nonsense .
And no date , yet , but we ’ll keep you in the loop .
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
We tend to think of recumbents as a “ new ” type of bike , but as Solomon observed “ there is no new thing under the sun . ”
The recumbent has been around , in one form or another , since before the turn of the 20th century .
These pictures show that many features of “ modern ” recumbent design have been around quite a while too !
1896 “ The Horizontal Bicyclette normale ” – M. Challand , picture from “ La Nature ” October 1896 .
Exhibited in Geneva this innovative bike had horizontal pedaling to allow greater thrust on the pedals .
The lower seat allowed easier mounting and improved stability .
Commonly called the “ Challand recumbent ” nowadays , it never became popular , maybe because it weighed about three times as much as its rider !
1905
“ THE LATEST IN CYCLES ” ( text from 1905 ) “ A novel bicycle has been built in London which has been pronounced “ as comfortable as a rocking chair ” and which shows remarkable mechanical ingenuity .
This new machine is fitted with an anti-vibrating easy chair - like saddle which affords wonderful relief to a tired back and which proves a luxury when coasting down long hills .
The ladies ’ machines are meeting with particular favor .
They are of exactly the same construction as are the machines built for the men .
The illustration gives some idea of the comfort found in these new bicycles .
Besides the chair like saddle , the machine has another improvement .
Note the position of the handlebars .
They are almost directly under the saddle .
It is this arrangement that enables the woman to ride the diamond frame with ease .
The steering gear is under perfect controle and it will be seen that a smaller circle can be described on this machine than on any other .
The first machine of this make was built by P.W. Bartlett , of Richmond , England , for a Java resident .
He was so pleased that he has now placed an order for twelve more of the same construction .
The weight is somewhat greater than that of the light - weight racing machines , but as these bicycles are built for comfort and not alone for speed this is no detriment .
The cost is the same as of any other high grade bicycle . ”
This bike is the first USS ( Under Seat Steering ) recumbent I know of .
It may also be the first production recumbent , the customer ordered 12 more .
Notice the rod steering linkage , still popular on USS recumbents .
Notice also that the reviewer found it not only comfortable but also easy to control .
You can see that using a 26 ″ rear wheel on a CLWB ( Compact Long Wheel - Base ) bike raises the seat considerably .
I wonder why the woman ’s model was more popular .
Can you imagine how they got on and off with the long skirt of the day ?
Here is another iteration of the “ Recumbents are slow ” error that pops up several times over the years .
It seems that it was assumed that a comfy bike could not be fast , I ’ve gotten similar comments form traditional road bike riders as I past them .
As much was stated in 1919 , see below .
Check out the 1933 Velo car info which should have pretty much put that line of reasoning to rest .
To bad it did n’t .
Does n’t this SWB recumbent look remarkably modern ?
But then you probably would not notice if your typical 1890 upright bike passed you on the street .
1914
This recumbent picture is dated 1914 .
“ Armstoel - fiets ” is Dutch for “ Armchair Bike . ”
Its derailleur is similar to a 1932 Benelux 3 - speed derailleur I have on a French woman ’s bike ( wedgie . )
1919
“ The easy - chair bicycle is obviously built for comfort and not for speed ”
“ It has remained for a French mechanic to design a bicycle which is really comfortable .
Indeed , while the conventional bicycle has been made in much the same manner for years , motorcycle manufacturers did not take long to provide their cars with special backs for the seats , so as to reduce fatigue and increase comfort .
Now there comes this bicycle which reminds one of an easy chair .
The easy chair bicycle is provided with a steering wheel and horn , following French automobile practice .
Judging from the reclining posture of the rider this bicycle is designed for comfort rather than speed . ”
The “ experts ” of the day made the same mistake many people do today .
They assumed that because a recumbent looks comfortable it must be slow .
Fifteen years later , in 1934 , it would be outlawed from racing by the UCI ( though it does n’t look like this gentleman would care . )
That seat looks pretty comfortable , do n’t you think ?
In 1919 it was noted that “ the conventional bicycle has been made in much the same manner for years . ”
After another 80 years of refinements conventional bikes still have n’t changed much , have they ?
Should we blame it all on the UCI who kept recumbents from public view by banning them from their races ?
The more things change , the more they remain the same !
1921
This 1921 recumbent , labeled “ J - fiets ” ( translated J- Bike ) has treadle drive .
( Did anyone really think “ Alenax ” was the first treadle bike ? )
Again , notice the high seat height when a CLWB bike has a 700 c.
rear wheel
1933
In 1933 Francis Faure , a Frenchman , rode a recumbent 28 miles ( 45 km ) in an hour , a new record .
In 1934 the UCI ( Union Cyclist International ) outlawed recumbent bicycles , and has not relented to this day .
In 1938 Francois Faure rode the recumbent streamliner “ velocar ” 50.5 km / hour , another new record .
Francesco Moser surpassed this mark on a wedgie .
Moser rode 51.1 km / hour , but not till 1984 , 46 years later !
The Velocar ’s first race .
From left : Plassat , Lemoine , Faure 1933
The most prestigious record was distance in one hour which stood at 44.247 km .
Oscar Egg , held the hour record at that time , which made his name a household word in France .
Along came the self - taught engineer , Charles Mochet .
Charles had invented a four wheel pedal car that was gaining popularity
It occurred to him that it would be lighter and faster with only two wheels .
There is no evidence that he knew of the previous recumbent bikes , but he may have .
He seems to have developed his two wheel design from the four wheeled pedal cars he manufactured .
Named “ Velocar ” after his popular four wheel vehicle , his recumbent bike was ready to race in 1933 .
Mochet interested Francis Faure a French 43 year old “ second rate racer ” in the bike .
Faure hoped to set a new hour record on it .
In 1933 , Francois Faure , a Frenchman , rode a recumbent 49.99 km in an hour , a new record .
The day of Faure ’s hour attempt the other racers jeered at him and his bike .
Stand up and pedal like a man they joked , lying down will make you sleepy .
Their laughter died as he out paced two professional riders .
Faure went on to beat the world hour record , going 45.055 km in one hour .
In 1934 the UCI ( Union Cyclist International ) ruled that the Velocar was not a bicycle and could not be raced in UCI events of for UCI records .
Faure ’s record was relegated to a foot note in cycling history with the stroke of their bureaucratic pen .
The recumbent was faster , and they did n’t want to have to compete with it .
They have not relented to this day .
In 1938 Marcel Berthet rode a streamlined velocar 50.5 km / hour , another new record .
Francesco Moser surpassed this mark on a wedgie .
Moser rode 51.1 km / hour , but not till 1984 , 46 years later !
Without the UCI ’s endorsement to race or have the record , Mochet ’s recumbent never had a chance to become a mainstream item .
That is why recumbents have not been mass - produced until now .
Who knows , if the UCI had n’t banned recumbents from racing you could have been riding a recumbent years ago .
The rest of this page is pretty jumbles , sorry .
I would like to work on it more ( especially USA recumbent history ! ) but that will probably wait till next winter .
I include this prone - recumbent ( if that is n’t an oxymoron ) lest we think that horizontal means comfortable .
I would n’t look forward to a century ride on this one .
How well could you breathe on climbs ?
It does however have the advantage of a short chain line !
Windshield for cyclists with the aid of which Berthet has beaten some indoor records .
There is a wedgie in that fairing .
Berthet saw the advantage of aerodynamics long before he raced recumbents .
The UCI would n’t allow either .
These are modern racing recumbents with fairings .
They are all record holders .
They show that aerodynamics is still the name of the game for top speeds .
Some other images of intriguing bikes of the past …
The first mountain bike ?
View the BicycleMan Recumbent Museum
In response to this post , and the suggestion that even hardened atheists should occasionally feel faint tremors of " maybe God does exist " doubt , several scoffing readers have directed me to Bertrand Russell 's famous teapot analogy , which supposedly settles once and for all the question of whether nonbelievers should give any credence to the possibility that God exists :
If I were to suggest that between the Earth and Mars there is a china teapot revolving about the sun in an elliptical orbit , nobody would be able to disprove my assertion provided I were careful to add that the teapot is too small to be revealed even by our most powerful telescopes .
But if I were to go on to say that , since my assertion cannot be disproved , it is intolerable presumption on the part of human reason to doubt it , I should rightly be thought to be talking nonsense .
If , however , the existence of such a teapot were affirmed in ancient books , taught as the sacred truth every Sunday , and instilled into the minds of children at school , hesitation to believe in its existence would become a mark of eccentricity and entitle the doubter to the attentions of the psychiatrist in an enlightened age or of the Inquisitor in an earlier time .
This analogy - like its modern descendant , the Flying Spaghetti Monster - makes a great deal of sense if you believe that the idea of God is an absurdity dreamed up by crafty clerics in darkest antiquity and subsequently imposed on the human mind by force and fear , and that it only survives for want of brave souls willing to note how inherently absurd the whole thing is .
As you might expect , I see the genesis of religion rather differently :
An intuitive belief in some sort of presiding Agent seems to be an extremely common , albeit hardly universal , feature of human nature ; this intuition has intersected , historically , with an enormous amount of subjective religious experience ; and this intersection ( along with , yes , the force of custom and tradition ) has produced and sustained the religious traditions that seem to Richard Dawkins and company like so much teapot - worship .
The story of our civilization , in particular , is a story in which an extremely large circle of non-insane human beings have perceived themselves to be experiencing an interaction with a being who seems recognizable as the Judeo - Christian God ( here I do feel comfortable using the term ) , rather than merely being taught about Him in Sunday School .
I am unaware of anything similar holding true for orbiting pots or flying noodle beasts .
And without the persistence of this perceived interaction ( and beneath it , the intuitive belief in some kind of God ) , it 's difficult to imagine religious belief playing anything like the role it does in human affairs , no matter how many ancient scriptures there were propping the whole thing up .
This is not to say that humanity 's religious experiences and intuitions are anything like a dispositive argument for the existence of God .
Certainly , there are all sorts of interesting efforts to explain them without recourse to the hypothesis that they correspond to anything real , and all kinds of reasons to choose atheism over faith .
But it is one thing to disbelieve in God ; it is quite another to never feel a twinge of doubt about one 's own disbelief .
And just as the Christian who has never entertained doubts about his faith probably has n't thought hard enough about the matter , the atheist who perceives the Christian God and the flying spaghetti monster as equally ridiculous hypotheses really needs to get out more often .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
In the Internet statement , Al Qaeda in Yemen identified its new deputy leader as Abu Sayyaf al - Shihri , saying he returned from Guantánamo to his native Saudi Arabia and then traveled to Yemen “ more than 10 months ago . ”
That corresponds roughly to the return of Mr. Shihri , a Saudi who was released from Guantánamo in November 2007 .
Abu Sayyaf is a nom de guerre , commonly used by jihadists in place of their real name or first name .
A Saudi security official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said Mr. Shihri had disappeared from his home in Saudi Arabia last year after finishing the rehabilitation program .
A Yemeni journalist who interviewed Al Qaeda ’s leaders in Yemen last year , Abdulela Shaya , confirmed Thursday that the deputy leader was indeed Mr. Shihri , the former Guantánamo detainee .
Mr. Shaya , in a phone interview , said Mr. Shihri had described to him his journey from Cuba to Yemen and supplied his Guantánamo detention number , 372 .
That is the correct number , Pentagon documents show .
“ It seems certain from all the sources we have that this is the same individual who was released from Guantánamo in 2007 , ” said Gregory Johnsen , a terrorism analyst and the editor of a forthcoming book , “ Islam and Insurgency in Yemen . ”
Mr. Shihri , 35 , trained in urban warfare tactics at a camp north of Kabul , Afghanistan , according to documents released by the Pentagon as part of his Guantánamo dossier .
Two weeks after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , he traveled to Afghanistan via Bahrain and Pakistan , and he later told American investigators that his intention was to do relief work , the documents say .
He was wounded in an airstrike and spent a month and a half recovering in a hospital in Pakistan .
The documents state that Mr. Shihri met with a group of “ extremists ” in Iran and helped them get into Afghanistan .
They also say he was accused of trying to arrange the assassination of a writer , in accordance with a fatwa , or religious order , issued by an extremist cleric .
However , under a heading describing reasons for Mr. Shihri ’s possible release from Guantánamo , the documents say he claimed that he traveled to Iran “ to purchase carpets for his store ” in Saudi Arabia .
They also say that he denied knowledge of any terrorists or terrorist activities , and that he “ related that if released , he would like to return to Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , wherein he would reunite with his family . ”
Police Investigating After Dead Baby Dug Up by Family Dog Couple were shocked when their dog unearthed a dead infant in the backyard .
Dec. 31 , 2008  --
Police are investigating the discovery of a dead infant after a Florida family 's dog dug up the body in the backyard .
Henry McGill said his wife was outside with their dog Coco Monday afternoon when the 2½ - year - old Labrador retriever - pit bull mix ran into the woods on the family 's property in Milton , about 35 miles north of Pensacola .
" She saw her take a few swipes at the soil , " Henry McGill , 43 , said .
" Like she was digging . "
As Tonya McGill , 40 , went over to see what Coco had found , the dog -- who had her left front leg amputated when she was 10 months old -- came back out of the woods and " kind of laid the body at my wife 's feet , " Henry McGill said .
" At first she did n't know what it was because it had dirt on it and everything . "
Once the couple realized it was a human baby , Henry McGill , who had been power - washing the house out front , immediately dialed 911 .
He said the baby was naked and missing its left arm .
" It [ the arm ] looked like it had been pulled away , " he said .
" The detective told me he saw bear tracks in the woods . "
Anyone with information about the baby or its mother can call the Santa Rosa Sheriff 's Office at 850-437- STOP .
But police are saying very little about the investigation .
Sgt. Scott Haines from the Santa Rosa Sheriff 's Office told ABCNews.com that the baby was " recently newborn " but Haines would not release the infant 's gender or race .
An autopsy was performed on the child Tuesday but authorities have not yet released a cause of death .
Haines said the baby had been in the woods for " a few days .
That 's our guess . "
Searching for the Mother
Haines said he could n't comment on what leads police are investigating to find the baby 's mother .
" We have been receiving some assistance from the public , " he said .
And the McGill family , he added , has been " extremely cooperative . "
Henry McGill said he believes the baby was left on his property at random .
His house sits on three acres , bordered in a U shape by woods and close to the highway .
" It 's out in the country , " he said .
' It 's Pretty Sad '
For Henry McGill and his wife , parents to two teenagers , the discovery was especially hard to take .
Tonya McGill , her husband said , suffered a miscarriage early in their marriage .
" To see someone possibly going to have a healthy baby and do something like that ? " he said .
" It 's pretty sad . "
As for Coco , an avid digger , this was one of the rare occasions in which she brought one of her finds back to her owners , he said .
" Normally , when she finds things , though , she 's not going to give it to you , " he said .
" You 've got to chase her down . "
Posted on December 15 , 2008 at 4:43 AM
Share
No one .
At least that ’s my view .
Certainly not American Catholics who use birth control , IVF , pre-implantation genetic diagnosis , and a wide range of other reproductive technologies previously and even more so now get a Holy finger wagging from Rome .
Moreover , I do n’t know any American Catholics who oppose the commonplace forms of human enhancement we use today and even the borderline ones such as taking brain - boosting drugs or drugs to help us sleep at night .
And this concept that the conservative movement more generally keeps leveraging –human dignity –the centerpiece of Catholic bioethics ?
Perhaps it could be useful , if anyone knew what it meant .
The only group , as was claimed in a Washington Post story on Friday , who may care about the Vatican ’s edicts are bioethicists who will , for a short period of time ponder the what , the why and the implication of Rome ’s declarations .
Bioethicists care about what Rome does , but I would argue not any more than we care what other nations rule in regard to reproductive technologies or other major religions decide on these very same issues .
So the Vatican has taken its stance like any other organization , religion or individual can .
We will discuss it , debate it and wonder what difference it will make .
But the Catholic church is fundamentally different from governments or other kinds of organizations .
The Catholic church is neither in touch with or interested in developing recommendations for the 21st century to which its followers could or would adhere and it is not a government with police power , at best the Catholic church will do what it has just done .
Take positions knowing full well that no real change will come of it .
Summer Johnson , PhD
Corn is the key ingredient in U.S. fast food , but it is n't easy for consumers to find out what 's in their burgers , sandwiches and fries , according to a U.S. study released Monday .
Researchers from the University of Hawaii sampled more than 480 servings of hamburgers , chicken sandwiches and fries from three leading chains in six cities , and concluded there was evidence that all of the chicken and 93 per cent of the beef had been fed corn exclusively .
Tests indicated that only 12 servings of beef had " an additional food source besides corn , " the report published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences said .
( All 12 came from Burger Kings on the West Coast . )
The tests for the presence of corn used to prepare fries differed significantly , suggesting that the chains — Wendy ’s , McDonald ’s and Burger King — used different materials for deep - frying .
" Wendy ’s clearly used only corn oil , whereas McDonald ’s and Burger King favoured other vegetable oils ; this differed from ingredient reports , " the study said .
" Of 160 food products we purchased at Wendy ’s throughout the United States , not one item could be traced back to a non-corn source , " A. Hope Jahren and Rebecca A. Kraft of the university 's department of geology and geophysics wrote .
" Our results highlighted the overwhelming importance of corn agriculture within virtually every aspect of fast food manufacture . "
They did n't study beverages , but said drinks are often sweetened with fructose corn syrup .
Not much information
The three fast food companies , which account for more than half the restaurants in the U.S. , have sales of more than $ 100 billion US a year , the report said .
The top chains oppose ingredient reporting , the authors said .
Distribution companies , including Martin–Brower L.L.C. for McDonald ’s and Maines Paper and Food Service Inc. for Burger King and Wendy’s , " provide little information beyond their use of ' local farms ' that feed ' mixed grains . ' "
The authors said , " Ingredients matter for many reasons : U.S. corn agriculture has been criticized as environmentally unsustainable and conspicuously subsidized . "
Because fast foods represent a " disproportionate " amount of meat and calories within the U.S. diet , " our work highlights the absence of adequate consumer information necessary to facilitate an ongoing evaluation of the American diet . "
A consumer who ate one cheeseburger , chicken sandwich , and small order of fries would consume :
Half of the day ’s recommended calories .
Four - fifths of the recommended carbohydrates .
Three - quarters of the recommended protein ( 90 per cent for a woman ) .
The full day ’s limit of dietary fat .
The researchers used carbon and nitrogen stable isotopes to infer the source of feed to meat animals and the source of fat in fries .
They bought samples from the three chains in Los Angeles , San Francisco , Denver , Detroit , Boston , and Baltimore .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An Israeli soldier has been killed and three others injured in a bomb attack on their patrol near the border with Gaza , the Israeli army has said .
Israeli troops entered Gaza backed by helicopters in response and one Palestinian was killed , medics said .
It is the worst violence since Israel 's offensive against Hamas in Gaza ended with both sides declaring ceasefires .
It comes as US President Barack Obama 's Middle East envoy arrives in the region to seek a more permanent truce .
The US envoy , George Mitchell , is due to talk with Egyptian officials , who have been negotiating separately with the Israelis and Hamas to broker a longer term peace between the two sides .
Response promised One Israeli officer was badly wounded in the explosion and the other soldiers were lightly wounded , an army spokesman said .
No Palestinian militant group has said it carried out the attack .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" This is a severe terrorist attack .
It can not be accepted , and we will respond , " Israeli defence minister Ehud Barak was quoted as saying by a military spokesman .
Israeli troops crossed into Gaza looking for the militants who carried out the attack , Israeli defence officials said .
Palestinian residents of Kissufim , the border crossing into Gaza near where the blast hit the Israeli patrol , said they could hear Israeli helicopters circling overhead and the sound of heavy gunfire .
Medics in Gaza said a Palestinian farmer was killed by gunfire .
Israel has closed the border crossings into Gaza because of the attack on the patrol , Israeli officials said , stopping the flow of aid supplies to Gaza 's 1.5 million residents .
Aid agencies have been struggling to meet the urgent needs of tens and thousands of displaced , homeless and injured people in Gaza .
Ceasefire negotiations Israel and Hamas declared separate ceasefires on 17 and 18 January , ending a three - week Israeli offensive in which nearly 1,300 Palestinians and 10 Israeli soldiers were killed .
Three Israeli civilians were killed by rocket fire from Gaza in the same period .
Israel said its objective was to stop militant rocket fire into southern Israel from Gaza .
When Hamas called its ceasefire , it said Israel had one week to fully open all the crossings into Gaza , in order to end an 18 - month blockade of the territory that has crippled its economy .
Israel wants guarantees that Hamas militants will not re-arm via smuggling tunnels under the border with Egypt .
Egyptian mediators have been meeting separately with Israel and Hamas , which controls Gaza , to negotiate a more permanent ceasefire .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
George Mitchell , a former US senator who chaired the talks that ended Northern Ireland 's troubles as Bill Clinton 's envoy in 1998 , is now beginning a week - long tour of the Middle East with a stop in Egypt .
He will meet Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and then visit Israel , the West Bank , Jordan , Turkey and Saudi Arabia , as well as making stops in Europe , said state department spokesman Robert Wood .
He has been charged by Mr Obama with making " concrete progress " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It was , in the eyes of much of the world , the defining symbol of the George Bush presidency : the prison camp at Guantánamo that deviated from America 's founding ideals in its use of torture and indefinite detention .
But the offshore centre that had resonated so strongly in Bush 's presidency could be near its end .
Barack Obama , in one of his first acts as president , yesterday circulated a draft of an executive order to shut down the camp .
Obama is expected to issue the order today along with additional presidential directives banning waterboarding and other forms of torture .
" The detention facilities at Guantánamo for individuals covered by this order shall be closed as soon as practicable , and no later than one year from the date of this order , " the draft said , according to Associated Press which first reported the story .
The draft order also calls for an end to the widely condemned military trials at Guantánamo .
Two trials were stopped yesterday as Obama took his first step towards dismantling the justice regime put in place by Bush to try al - Qaida suspects .
Military judges ordered a 120 - day suspension of the trial of the former teenage soldier Omar Khadr , which was due to start on 26 January .
They also suspended pre-trial hearings for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused in the 2001 attacks in the US .
Obama had directed prosecutors to seek a suspension in the Khadr and 9/11 cases within hours of his inauguration on Tuesday to enable a full - scale review of the military commissions system .
" In order to permit the newly inaugurated president and his administration time to review the military commission process generally , and the cases currently pending before the military commissions specifically , the secretary of defence has , by order of the president , directed the chief prosecutor to seek continuances of 120 days in all pending case , " the prosecutor , Clay Trivett , said in the written request to the judges .
Human rights groups viewed the order as the beginning of the end for military tribunals and the regime of indefinite detention at Guantánamo .
" This is a giant step forwards towards finally closing Guantánamo , " said Anthony D Romero , the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union .
" The 120 days is a time - out that gives the Obama administration time to develop a plan for executing the president 's promise to close Guantánamo . "
But Vincent Warren , director of the Centre for Constitutional Rights , which has represented hundreds of detainees , said Obama should have provided details of the closure and made a commitment to try terror suspects in US courts .
" It only took days to put these men in Guantánamo .
It should n't take a year to get them out .
We are disappointed that he outlined no concrete steps for closing the base and gave his administration an entire year to sort out its plans . "
Joanne Mariner , an attorney for Human Rights Watch , who was in the courtroom at Guantánamo yesterday , said it was clear from the prosecution that Obama intended to scrap the entire legal apparatus at the camp , and try the terror suspects in US courts .
" They emphasised that this was not a technical thing or a little breather .
They emphasised that it was going to be a comprehensive review , " she said .
" The implication was that this would be ending . "
She said there was little visible reaction from the 9/11 suspects to the order , or to Obama 's election .
Obama had to move swiftly to shut down the trials to avoid being seen to legitimise the military tribunals put in place by Bush .
Human rights organisations were especially concerned about the 9/11 proceedings .
Had Mohammed and the others entered guilty pleas in the tainted tribunals , that might have prevented their prosecution in a US federal court .
Obama has acknowledged that the larger business of shutting down the camp will be more complicated .
Only 18 of the 245 suspects remaining at Guantánamo have been charged .
The Obama administration hopes to try these people in US courts and wants to move ahead swiftly in the case against the 9/11 plane hijackers .
There are signs of opposition to transferring the hijackers to US prisons to await trial .
Officials in Kansas say they do not want the prisoners at Fort Leavenworth military prison , which is in the state .
But the far greater challenge will be deciding the fate of the majority of detainees who will not be brought to trial .
Most have been waiting seven years to be sent home , either as free men or to be transferred to another facility .
Obama intends to conduct a review of the evidence against the detainees to decide which cases should go to trial .
He is also hoping that goodwill towards the new administration will encourage other governments to take some of the detainees who cannot return to their home countries .
Switzerland yesterday issued a statement saying it would consider taking some detainees .
Portugal has also called on EU states to take in detainees .
Britain 's biggest supermarket , Tesco , is facing two official investigations over claims that it deliberately advertised cut - price alcohol as " bait " to lure bargain - hunters .
Trading standards officers have launched an investigation into whether Tesco broke new laws by running special offers while failing to ensure it had enough stock to meet demand .
In a separate move , the Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) is looking into whether Tesco broke advertising rules in the way that it promoted the offers and refused to remove banners at front of stores despite not having the stock to sell .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The investigations are the latest moves as retailers come under increasing scrutiny for the way that they bend guidelines designed to ensure that the public are not misled by bogus sales and money - off deals .
The consumer group
Which ?
recently completed a three - month investigation during which it found several examples of misleading deals from retailers .
Among several misleading cases ,
Which ?
found :
* Waitrose blueberries were on " half - price " for six weeks after two weeks at the " higher price " .
Goods should be sold at the higher price for at least 28 days , government guidelines say ;
* Marks & Spencer had " half - price " cherries at £ 2.49 when the higher price was only 50 p more ;
* Sainsbury 's sold Jacob 's Creek chardonnay for £ 4.79 for months after offering its higher price of £ 6.79 for just two weeks .
Under the Unfair Consumer Practice Directive , which came into force in May last year , retailers are forbidden from advertising goods for which they can expect they have insufficient stock – a practice known as " bait advertising " .
The allegations against Tesco were made by Rosie Cooper , a Labour MP , who contacted trading standards and the ASA after visiting a branch of the store in Liverpool .
She said she tried to buy a one - litre bottle of Baileys which had been advertised for sale at £ 8 .
But the West Lancashire MP found the offer was " out of stock " .
She then tried a further two stores which were also out of stock .
She said : " When I contacted Tesco 's head office their customer services department told me ' all stores should get some stock , but not a lot , granted ' . "
She did not say that she was an MP .
" So I told them I was contacting trading standards and they still said they would not act which I find absolutely amazing . "
Ms Cooper , who said other shoppers had made complaints about the non-availability of special offers in Tesco , said Tesco had refused to remove the misleading advertising from the front of its stores .
" On a personal level , it does n't matter but on a national level I think Tesco is getting too big for its boots .
If they have been using bait advertising and think they can get away with it then somebody should stop it . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Tesco denied that it had deliberately understocked the offer in question .
" The response from our customer service centre to Ms Cooper was wrong , " a spokesman said .
" There was plenty of stock ordered to ensure enough of these products for all customers across the country and we apologise that she was not given an adequate explanation .
" As you would expect in the run-up to Christmas , these promotions were extremely popular with customers .
Additional supplies were ordered in as quickly as possible . "
Tesco said it was addressing another complaint from the MP – namely , that Jacob 's Creek wine was on offer advertised for £ 3 but was being sold for £ 6 .
Liverpool Trading Standards
Office confirmed it was looking into a complaint and said that any company found to be in breach of regulations on bait advertising " could face a substantial fine or be at risk of prosecution " .
An ASA spokeswoman said : " We do get these kind of complaints on a very small but regular basis .
People feel very put out if they have gone to a store for a particular offer and it has not been available . "
The ASA investigated and rejected two complaints against Tesco last year for allegedly running promotions which were not fully supported .
Jeff Bray , who is a lecturer in retail consumer behaviour at Bournemouth University , said retailers sometimes understocked special offers , especially for " big ticket " items at electrical and furnishings stores , in order to create a buzz and ensure customers flock through the doors .
Supermarkets would find that such tactics rarely worked , however , because the items would rarely offer enough money off and could irritate customers .
He added : " There are a number of questionable ethics in some of the offers retailers are exposing us to .
The first and obvious one is that there are quite loose laws on money - off deals and some retailers are exploiting those rules by putting up the price of goods for a limited time before making a discount .
" There are other slightly less obvious tricks like putting coloured bands on a product saying 10 per cent off where the band is much bigger than the extra amount in the pack meaning that , cognitively , the consumer is being misled . "
He added : " The law is very loosely regulated in this country compared to others and retailers as are looking to exploit every opportunity . "
By Emma Wilkinson
BBC News health reporter
Proton pump inhibitors are the standard treatment for reflux People with persistent heartburn should be considered for early surgery to prevent a lifetime of popping pills , NHS research suggests .
A year after keyhole surgery , only 14 % of patients were still taking medication , compared with 90 % of those treated with drugs alone .
The £ 1 m trial of 800 patients suggests surgery should be done more routinely in patients with chronic acid reflux .
Experts said there was a view among GPs that surgery was " too extreme " .
Researchers at the University of Aberdeen co-ordinated the trial of laparoscopic fundoplication at 21 hospitals around the UK .
For some people , it is a serious problem which could potentially mean a lifetime of tablet taking
Professor Roger Jones , King 's College London
The results so far suggest the procedure , although expensive at £ 2000 per patient , is cost - effective because reflux sufferers no longer have to take medication and their quality of life improves .
But they are following the patients for five years to check the benefits are long - term .
The operation involves wrapping a piece of the stomach around the oesophagus to create a new valve to prevent acid backing up from the stomach .
It used to be done by opening up the chest cavity , but with the advent of keyhole surgery is now a lot safer .
Common problem Reflux is a very common condition with 20 % of the population experiencing it at some point in their lives .
Those at the more severe end of the spectrum end up taking tablets for the rest of their lives - potentially for 20 to 30 years in younger patients - and few currently receive surgery .
Study leader , Professor Adrian Grant , said : " It looks pretty promising .
" I think these results will mean that surgeons will be suggesting the operation in those patients who are not quite so bad . "
He added : " Like all surgery , fundoplication has some risks , but the more troublesome the symptoms , the greater the potential benefit from the operation . "
Professor Roger Jones , head of general practice at King 's College London and chair of the Primary Care Gastroenterology Society said surgery was often regarded as " too extreme " for something which is not a serious problem .
" But for some people , it is a serious problem which could potentially mean a lifetime of tablet taking . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For those of you who enjoyed the Star Wars Costume T - shirts that we wrote about last year , here ’s something that should be right up your alley : the Batman costume hoodie .
This Batman Costume Hooded Sweatshirt is based on the original gray Caped Crusader Bat -suit .
The outside of the hood features Batman ’s ears .
The inside of the hood features a “ drop down ” mask that can be worn or kept folded under the hood .
The cape can be easily taken off with metal snaps .
This shirt is printed on both sides using a technique called belt printing .
Because the print goes over seams and also due to the size of the print each shirt has some small differences and small spots where ink may be missing .
The Batman Costume Hoodie is available from 80stees.com and NerdyShirts for $ 50 .
As a strike wave sweeps the country , the Maoist leadership agrees to banning strikes .
Since the Maoists emerged in the April 2008 Nepal elections as the largest party ( though without an absolute majority ) to lead the new coalition government , they have failed to heal existing divisions - in their own party , within the parliamentary political system and its ruling class - or within the intermingled social , caste and ethnic tensions across the wider society .
In fact , all these divides have widened .
And since November a strike wave has spread across the country .
Maoist ' People 's Vanguard ' versus striking workers
The ongoing strike wave is diverse ( 1 ) ; everyone from transport workers , labourers and poor villagers to doctors , teachers , students , journalists and other professionals are striking and blockading across the country .
The demands are equally wide - ranging ; wage rises to counter rising food and fuel prices , demands for better public services , local councils in remote rural areas demanding increased funding from central government , calls for land distribution to the rural poor .
There are also many short local strikes and actions in protest at attacks , murders and intimidation by political factions ; relatives of murdered victims demand compensation and investigation of the crimes .
Some strikes are led by different unions ( with their various political affiliations , including the Maoists ) , others actions are self - organised by participants .
Therefore some will be a more genuine expression of self - organisation in pursuit of material need - while others may be called as political strikes to pursue , not workers interests , but only political advantages of one party faction over another .
And the conditions of life giving rise to the social unrest grow worse .
Inflation of basic goods continues , the electricity infrastructure cannot meet anywhere near the demand of consumers ; 16 hr interruptions to supply for " load - shedding " have become routine across the country and both domestic and business life is planned around them .
( Some claim this is partly a result of the Maoist destruction of electricity sub-stations during the 10 year guerilla war and the subsequent decline in infrastructure projects .
( 2 ) )
This frustrates employers and workers alike , limiting productivity for bosses and also lowering pay for workers who are n't paid for interruptions .
The hungry bellies of the poor are rumbling with discontent , and even the professional middle classes are feeling pangs of frustration .
Faced with the unrest , Maoist Party leader and Nepalese Prime Minister Prachanda proposed to fellow politicians a ban on all public sector strikes , to which the seven major parties all agreed .
In a recent press interview , just prior to the agreement , the Maoist governmental Finance Minister Dr Baburam Bhattarai tried to justify a ban ;
Q : The business community 's concerns are exactly what you stated .
One , they say , the government 's attitude to labour issues leaves a lot to be desired and that labour problems are getting worse .
Second , there cannot be high growth until there is an adequate supply of power .
Bhattarai : I would n't say the situation is getting worse .
Things were much worse in the past .
But the people wanted very fast recovery ; that has n't happened .
Things are improving but not to the desired level .
Both the management and workers have a common interest now , for the development of the economy .
They both fought against the feudalism , autocracy and monarchy .
Now , to create a vibrant industrial economy , is in the interest of both the management and the workers .
But this reality is not sinking in their minds .
This government is playing its role in creating a healthy relationship between the two .
There were some disputes , especially regarding the minimum wage issue .
This has been solved .
So what I appeal to the management is that they should provide the minimum wage .
The workers should n't resort to bandas and strikes .
If this understanding is honoured we 'll have a healthy environment in the days to come .
Q : So the party wants to ensure that whenever there is a labour dispute , legal recourse should be taken ?
Bhattarai : Yes .
At least for some time , there should be no bandas and strikes in the industrial , health , education sectors , on the major highways , in the public utility sectors .
The government is trying to build political consensus on this issue .
http://www.kantipuronline.com/interview.php?&nid=175026
80 % of Nepal 's population is rural and amid the rocky mountain terrain there is a shortage of arable land ( only about 20 % can be cultivated ) and a lack of infrastructure ; unsurprisingly there is increasing seasonal and permanent migration to cities into casualised employment .
But most of the country is too economically weak to develop much beyond a subsistence economy - and in the present global recession attracting significant foreign investment looks more remote than ever .
Nepal is in reality an underdeveloped capitalist economy with certain remaining feudal hangovers within social relationships .
( These traditions are either declining or adapting to modern - day norms . )
Abolition of monarchy and the pro-democracy movements in recent decades might be seen as part of an unfinished bourgeois revolution ( 3 ) - yet the Maoist leadership generally present their desire to move towards greater industrialisation as the beginning of a bourgeios - democratic revolution .
The Maoists portray the present period as one in which Nepal is emerging from feudalism ( as supposedly evidenced by the recent abolition of the monarchy ; unlike , e.g , ' feudal ' royalist Britain ! ) and so needs to build up a strong national industrial economy .
The lack of a strong national entepreneurial bourgeoisie has hindered such a development in Nepal , and - like nationalist and leftist parties across the ' 3rd World ' - the Maoists intend to play that developmental role themselves , in alliance with other ' progressive ' bourgeios forces .
The Maoist leadership are reported to be discussing with China the creation of Special Economic Zones ( SEZ ) in Nepal .
SEZ's are industrial zones offering partial or complete tax exemption to foreign investors ( and sometimes also to native capitalists ) along with other financial benefits including stricter labour discipline .
Having just passed the relevant legislation , their concern to impose stricter discipline on unruly workers is clearly linked to establishing SEZ's and a general desire to attract greater foreign investment ;
KATHMANDU , Jan 22 : After four years of finalizing the draft , the cabinet on Thursday endorsed Special Economic Zone ( SEZ )
Act , paving way for the implementation of the SEZ projects in the country . [...]
... the Act treats SEZ as a land where other domestic laws related to labor and industries would not be applicable .
It has mooted an autonomous SEZ Authority to oversee its operations .
The source stated that the ratification of the Act , which had so far lingered due to the differences over the tighter labor provisions , had became possible after the seven parties recently agreed not to launch strikes in the industries or disturb productions .
“ The Act allows workers to unite and practice collective bargaining , but prohibits them from undertaking activities that affect production and normal operations of industries , ” said the source .
It also allows the entrepreneurs to hire workers on a contract basis .
[ Our emphasis . ]
http://myrepublica.com/portal/index.php?action=news_details&news_id=1357
Courted by rivals
Last year we observed ;
Any future Maoist rule in Nepal , whether in local or central government is likely to try to model itself on the regimes of those Indian states run by local ' Communist ' Parties - crude forms of municipal Stalinism with an increasingly market - oriented openness to foreign investors enticed by tax - free Economic Processing Zones .
Much like those typically seen in other more developed Asian economies , but with even more ' competitive ' wage levels .
But that is so far wishful thinking for Nepal ; one of the least developed economies with one of the least skilled workforces and a weak infrastructure - and consequently , so far , one of the least attractive investment options .
http://libcom.org/news/nepal-terai-ethnic-strike-ends-concessions-010320...
Maoist leaders have expressed desires for closer economic co-operation with both its big brother neighbours .
It is likely that in the long term , China intends to treat Nepal as an extended zone of its economic activity , somewhere with cheaper labour costs to outsource to , so as to offset rising labour costs in China .
But , for the moment , the global recession limits the likelihood of such investments .
Nepal 's southern neighbour , India , is never happy to see closer relations between Nepal and its rival China , but it has its own economic leverage .
India is downstream from the untapped hydro-electric potential locked in Nepal 's great Himalayan water systems , has longed wanted to exploit it and can offer investment and expertise .
China is investing in various infrastructure and transport links in poorer South Asian countries , but northern Nepal is hemmed in by the Himalayan peaks and so remains dependent on India for the continued flow of essential supplies across its southern border .
It is a commonplace that Nepali politicians periodically use the anti-Indian nationalist card to distract from their problems and failings at home , as the Maoists are doing at present ; but for all the nationalist rhetoric , they know any threat to an open border would be , at present , close to economic suicide .
( This was illustrated when India expressed its dissatisfaction at Nepal buying arms from China by closing the border for several months in the 1980s - a move that progressively paralysed Nepal . )
The Nepalese and Indian armies have traditionally had a close relationship .
The famous Ghorkas serve in both armies .
The Indian army trains most Nepalese officers - there is such a close relationship that the Indian Army chief is honorary chief of the Nepali Army traditionally and vice - versa .
The negotiations that are dragging on over how / if / when Nepal 's Maoist ex-guerillas should be integrated into the Nepalese Army are therefore of some concern to India .
The Maoists are attempting to gain greater control over the Army , causing serious unease in rival parties .
Old or new maoism for the Party ?
A deep split in the Maoist Party has emerged ; Prachanda and co.'s ruling elite are comfortably settled in their lucrative governmental positions ( 4 ) and appear to prefer to pursue a ' parliamentary road to [ so - called ] socialism ' .
Having ended the 10 year civil war after realising its limits as , at best , an indefinite stalemate between state and guerillas - and being forced to acknowledge that , in any case , powerful neighbours India and China would probably not sit idly by in the event of a bloody military coup likely to destabilise the wider region - the party leadership committed itself to parliamentary conquest and secured electoral victory .
Meanwhile , the lower level party cadre have gained little from the electoral road .
Unlike in many other ' national liberation struggles ' , the Nepali Maoists did not decisively defeat other ruling class factions - instead , they achieved political power via a compromise with them .
So many of the comfortable official posts are already filled ; as one of the poorest countries in the world , Nepal has too few resources to expand its existing bureaucratic class or its entrepeneurial middle class sufficiently to absorb former guerilla personnel to their satisfaction .
So , after ten years of war , what 's on offer for those lower in the Party hierarchy seems scant reward for their efforts .
Now a faction led by a senior Party leader Mohan Biadhya , popularly known as Kiran , are demanding an immediate progression towards ' full communism ' ; i.e. , a one party state capitalist system in the style of traditional Maoism .
What 's in a name ?
The PFDNR
These dissatisfied Party elements who want to ' march firmly onward to a communist state / People 's Republic ' are becoming more openly critical of the democratic gradualism of the Party leadership and their parliamentary roles .
One recent manifestation has been the dispute over names ; the pro-democratic faction wants to drop ' Maoist ' from the party name and become simply the Nepal Communist Party .
This is largely a gesture to the IMF and other foreign aid and investment providers , showing them that the NCP has put down the gun and embraced mainstream politics .
But for the Party hardliners this is the most despicable renegade ' revisionism ' .
( Both sides are aware that such disputes and any resolution symbolically reflect the balance of power in the Party .
Those who control the slogans , symbols , labels and icons remake the Party in their own image partly by the dissemination of images of the powerful ; for the " vanguard party " they are an essential tool of hierarchical power .
See " The Mao Cult " ; http://www.iisg.nl/~landsberger/cult.html)
Similarly , a long debate between the two factions at a recent Party conference over ' the way forward ' included a clumsy compromise over the retitling of the the nation - state .
As " blogdai " , a cynically amused Nepali blogger , put it ;
Those brilliant Maoists have been banging their heads together for six days to try and mend a catastrophic rift in their party .
It seems most of the hard - liners want to announce an all Communist " People 's Republic " immediately ; while Prachanda wants to go a little slower so as not to throw the country back into chaos .
After what blogdai can only assume to be an excruciating application of sheer brainpower , our boys in red have decided to call Nepal the " People 's Federal Democratic National Republic . "
Just think of the expense in stationary this will incur !
PFDNR Nepal .
http://nepalnow.blogspot.com/
The growth of political and economic gangsterism
The Young Communist League ( YCL ) is sometimes described as the disguised military arm of the Maoists , or , increasingly , as their paramilitary wing ( 5 ) .
In 2006 , after the Maoists agreed to end their 10 - year “ People ’s War , ” they signed a peace pact with the government , thereby agreeing to confine their “ People ’s Liberation Army ” ( PLA ) in designated cantonments under UN supervision .
About 20,000 members of the Maoist PLA are living in forest camps as the government seeks to integrate them into the national Army .
However , Nepal 's military has said it does n't want to accept the fighters immediately " because they are still politically motivated " .
There is general disbelief at the small number of PLA fighters registered in the cantonments .
It seems that the party transferred a substantial number of PLA personnel to the YCL so that they could move around freely , provide support to the party ’s activities and continue their fundraising activities of extortion and protection rackets levied on businesses .
At present , the frustrated former soldiers have too much time on their hands , too little money and few prospects for advancement .
This is a serious problem for the Maoist politicians and for the wider society .
Their racketeering and extortion , intimidation and assassination of political rivals and critics destabilises the country , inhibits industrial production , retards the formal political process and encourages the growth of other paramilitary factions such as the UML ' Youth Force ' and various ethnic / separatist groups .
Paramilitary or parliamentary ?
The YCL has been both an asset and a burden to the Maoist leadership since the ceasefire .
During tough negotiations with other parties , it has been useful for the Maoists to encourage a certain level of paramilitary activity by the YCL .
It has served as a warning that , if the Maoists do n't get what they want , the possibility of a return to guerilla war remains .
It has also implied that if political concessions are not given , the Maoist leaders will look discredited in the eyes of their hotheaded youth and so risk losing control of them and / or be less concerned at reining them in .
But now , as the two rival Party factions - hardliners and parliamentarians - face each other , who can command the loyalty of the YCL may become crucial .
It seems likely that the hardliners may have the YCL on their side , the parliamentary road having delivered so little to the rank 'n ' file soldiers .
Yet a hardline effort to immediately advance to a state of one - party rule would mean an attempted military coup ; in effect , a probable return to an indefinitely stalemated guerilla war .
So we could see a smaller Maoist guerilla faction taking again to the hills , while the Maoist politicians remain in Parliament .
( The Maoist parliamentarians could retain their own paramilitary force and / or ally with other parliamentary groups . )
In response to growing post-election Maoist brutality , other political parties have formed youth groups .
Youth cadre of the non-Maoist Communist Party of Nepal - Unified Marxist Leninist ( UML ) ( 6 ) - the third largest party in Parliament - have been abducted and murdered by the YCL ; last week another was viciously attacked with machetes by YCL cadre .
Now the UML Youth Force - itself accused of intimidation and involvement in extortion - is threatening its own ' People 's War ' against the Maoist - led government if the YCL are allowed to continue in their gangsterism .
As one former UML leader put it , when expressing fears that the Youth Force may become as much of a problem as the YCL ;
" If the ruling party itself keeps a paramilitary force then there is no reason why other parties wo n't also try to form their own , " he said , adding " and if everybody starts to form their own paramilitary forces then the atmosphere in the country will be very dark .
The Prime Minister should seriously think about this thing , " Nepalnews reported .
http://www.newkerala.com/topstory-fullnews-59575.html
This seems to be what is increasingly happening - " War is the continuation of politics by other means " - ( Clausewitz ) .
Maoists have also intimidated journalists critical of their brutality and have admitted murdering at least one ( 7 ) .
Several newspapers have been targetted and temporarily shut down by Maoist trade unions and journalists attacked by Maoist goon squads ; the union activity here being used for intimidating critics rather than pursuing workers ' interests .
The UML's Youth Force have also recently carried out a similar attack on a newspaper office .
In the southern Terai plains region an ethnic Madhesi movement ( which includes ex-Maoists ) continues to call for national independence for the territory and to compete with Maoists and other factions for paramilitary dominance of the area .
A female journalist , Uma Singh , was killed in Terai last week ; her murder may be a response to her writings against the dowry marriage - payment system that has such oppressive consequences for women in Nepal ( 8 ) .
But she was also critical of land seizures and extortion rackets in Terai carried out by a former Maoist cabinet minister ( now sacked ) ( 9 ) , and her father and brother were ' disappeared ' by the Maoists during the civil war .
Some suspects have now been arrested , one a local Maoist leader .
Class , state or nation ?
Back in 2006 during the popular pro-democracy protests that eventually toppled the King and preceded the Maoist ceasefire , we commented ;
And the consequences for the development of any autonomous movement of self - organised class struggle beyond and against bourgeois democracy ?
The industrial working class is a minority in a predominantly peasant population .
We make no hierarchies of one sector of the poor being more important or radical than the other ; but the industrial workers have certain specific potential areas of struggle ( transport , industry etc ) that are unique to them and would be of crucial importance in any future movement .
The rural and urban poor are dependent on an alliance with each other to affect any real change in their own mutual interests .
So far they have only taken sides with one or other of the factions competing to rule over them .
To go further than a more democratic management of continued poverty they will have to stop taking sides and start making sides .
Despite the limits of the pro-democratic framework of recent events , many of the poor may have realised , through the flexing of their collective muscle , a sense of their own potential power to act more directly in their own class interests .
Without wanting to be determinist , in the absence of an autonomous movement of the poor moving beyond demands for democracy , there will probably need to be a period of disillusionment with a new Kingless democracy system before any such autonomous movement will emerge .
http://libcom.org/news/article.php/nepal-maoists-protests-analysis-2006
Is the time ripe for such a movement , is it close and soon to emerge from the present confusion ?
The Maoists were , for many Nepalese , a hope for major change in the stagnating corruption of political life .
But this illusion is evaporating .
The options ahead look difficult for the ruling class and bleak for the poor - as the Parliamentary political process is impeded by distrust and the added decision - making problems of a coalition government ; as parliamentary rivalries threaten to spill over into paramilitary war ; as a split within the Maoists between gradualist democrats and one - party state capitalists looks more likely ; as electricity infrastructure , food and fuel inflation hardships increase daily .
If the Maoist hardliners break away from the parliamentarians and take the YCL paramilitaries with them , this could easily spark a renewed civil war involving the national Army , various paramilitary wings of parliamentary parties ( including Maoist oppositionists ) and also smaller ethnic separatist groups .
Perhaps the one bright spark is the ongoing strike wave ; maybe an independent social movement of rural and urban poor will emerge from the growing cynicism with the false promises of political solutions .
Most Nepalis appear weary of war and many disillusioned with politics .
But with these class struggles surrounded by a tangled web of intersecting ethnic , separatist , nationalist and political group tensions , and these divisions and rivalries becoming more brutal and militarised - the potential of an autonomous working class movement emerging look difficult , to say the least .
And divided though the ruling class is , the one thing that unites them , from left to right , is the necessity to ban strikes .
The politicians have already illustrated that - whatever the gloss put on it - they understand their conflict as an inter-class one to decide among themselves who will govern and exploit the poor , and by what methods .
====88888888====
Footnotes
1 ) http://www.nepalbandh.com/index.php
- is a site that lists an updated chronology of ' bandhs ' ( [ b - awN - dh ] adj. : Bandh , a Nepali word literally meaning ' closed ' ) - i.e. strikes and public protests in Nepal .
2 ) As one blogger in Nepal says ; " The Maoists can not just shrug off from their share of responsibility to their bourgeois counterparts for accepting past mistakes .
While the past Panchayat , Kangressi , & “ hijda ” UML governments were certainly corrupt to their bone - marrows , the Maoists should not forget that they were also running a parallel government for the past 15 years .
During their People ’s War , the Maoists claimed to control all Nepal ’s territory except Kathmandu and not only obstructed new development projects but also destroyed the existing infrastructures – a revolutionary method of weakening the “ feudal governments ” by forcing people into the Dark Ages .
The Maoists even used to warn people not to expect any construction projects , as they were uprooting the remnants of feudalism . "
http://drdivas.wordpress.com/
3 ) See our earlier analysis ; http://libcom.org/news/article.php/nepal-maoists-protests-analysis-2006
4 ) See our earlier comments ; http://libcom.org/news/nepal-a-nice-little-earner-maoist-ruling-class-le...
5 ) See our earlier comments on the YCL ; http://libcom.org/news/democratic-stresses-nepal-its-regional-implicatio...
6 ) Somewhat confusingly , the non-Maoist ' Communist Party of Nepal - Unified Marxist Leninist ' ( UML ) is a long - established parliamentary party , while the Maoist party - until recently the ' Nepal Communist Party ( Maoist ) ' ( NCP -M ) - has just merged with / absorbed the smaller CPN - Ekata Kendra Mashal ( EKM ) and so become the United
CPN - Maoist .
Though , as noted in the text above , the ' Maoist ' may soon be dropped .
7 ) " In 2007 , a year after signing the peace agreement and pledging not to attack the media , Maoists killed journalist Birendra Shah in southern Nepal .
For almost a month , the former guerrillas denied having a hand in Shah ’s disappearance .
However , after continuous pressure by Nepal ’s leading media organization , the Federation of Nepalese Journalists , [ the Maoists ] accepted responsibility .
The main suspects accused of actually carrying out the attack are still at large . "
http://www.isn.ethz.ch/isn/Current-Affairs/Security-Watch/Detail/?fecvno...
http://www.isn.ethz.ch/isn/
8 ) Dowry is a financial obligation paid by the bride 's family to the family of the bridegroom .
( Less commonly , in some cultures payment can be in the opposite direction - referred to as " bride - price " . )
On dowry , see ; http://english.ohmynews.com/articleview/article_view.asp?menu=c10400&no=... and for speculation on the caste basis for dowry and bride - price traditions ;
http://www.hindubooks.org/sudheer_birodkar/hindu_history/practices1.html
9 ) http://www.nepalitimes.com.np/issue/2009/01/19/Comment/15576
Have you tried Google 's new voice - enabled search application for the iPhone yet ?
No , and neither have we .
Amidst the big launch on Friday , and the corresponding ballyhoo in The New York Times , one thing was forgotten : the application itself .
Apple did n't get around to actually putting it in the App Store .
As of now ( Monday morning in Europe ) , only the old , non-voice version is available at the store .
According to Michael Arrington at Tech Crunch , Google is subject to the same arbitrary application approval scheme as everyone else .
The search company fully expected Google Mobile App to go live on Friday , but nothing showed up .
The only indication of the app's status was the message displayed in the iPhone Developer Tools which read " In Review " .
Arrington paints Google as the wounded party in his piece .
Here 's what he says about Google launching first on the iPhone , and not on its own Android platform :
The fact that they decided to launch first on the iPhone shows a willingness to embrace what ’s right for the user .
We doubt it .
The fact is that next to nobody has the T - Mobile G1 , and more than 10 million people have an iPhone .
Still , Apple needs to sort out the App Store , and quick .
It 's clearly a broken model , and the only person hurt is the iPhone user .
Update On Google iPhone Voice Recognition App : Look For It On Monday [ Tech Crunch ]
The Madoff scandal has the damaged investors looking for scapegoats -- other than their own cupidity and Mr. Madoff himself , of course .
Sooner or later the question had to be asked :
Where was the SEC ?
[ Thanks to Ca.uky.edu for the image .
]
Now , goodness knows I am the last person in the world to defend the Securities and Exchange Commission .
I do n't know what there record is today , but in the 1980s one would have been hard - pressed to find a case where the SEC saved an investor a penny .
This may not be true today , I do n't know .
But what is certain is that they did n't do their job in the Madoff case , as Christopher Cox seems to be admitting publicly But is this really the SEC 's fault ?
Yes of course it is ; but it is also the fault of voters who elected the legislators who created the SEC in the first place .
Just like the FDIC , the SIPC , the PBGC , and ( hiccup ) now even the Federal Reserve , federal guarantee agencies can be grouped under the common heading " Lenders of Last Resort , " a kind of national insurance policy for each risk involved ( banks , brokerages , pension funds , and ... well , everything else ) .
The problem with national insurance policies is that , unlike private entities entering into any other venture , the government has no bottom line to manage .
A private insurance company would only insure risks it felt certain it could insure and survive .
The government , on the other hand , insures whatever risks it thinks it must to protect the electorate , This leads us to what economists call " Moral Hazard , " where market players -- who are not stupid -- take into account the fact that what they are about to do is insured by the government , which allows them to take on more risk than they ordinarily would .
This backfiring of intent is a well - known phenomenon in economic research .
For example , wearing seat belts actually causes more accidents because people feel safer and take more risks while driving .
It distorts the incentives , as economists say .
Thus the government that started out to be the protector of the consumer becomes a kind of Risk Devil , encouraging more risk - taking than is healthy , eventually guaranteeing havoc in the marketplace , creating its own program 's ultimate failure , and harming the very constituents it intended to protect .
Government oversight may sound like a good thing ; but it often ricochets .
We might do well to abolish these entities and create in their stead citizen watch - dog groups that will use current legislation to police the bad guys but guarantee nothing and no one .
Read more about the hubris of the financiers who were hit by Mr. Madoff 's game in this great piece by John Kay in the Financial Times today .
Also , read how Madoff investors are looking for people to sue .
It 'll just be a matter of time before they decide to sue the SEC -- which is us , by the way ; and instead of abolishing the SEC , just watch : Legislators , responding to your demands , will strengthen it .
Good grief .
We 'll never learn .
Labels : economics , government intervention , John Kay , lender of last resort , moral hazard , SEC
The massacres in Gaza are the latest phase of a war that Israel has been waging against the people of Palestine for more than 60 years .
The goal of this war has never changed : to use overwhelming military power to eradicate the Palestinians as a political force , one capable of resisting Israel 's ongoing appropriation of their land and resources .
Israel 's war against the Palestinians has turned Gaza and the West Bank into a pair of gigantic political prisons .
There is nothing symmetrical about this war in terms of principles , tactics or consequences .
Israel is responsible for launching and intensifying it , and for ending the most recent lull in hostilities .
Israel must lose .
It is not enough to call for another ceasefire , or more humanitarian assistance .
It is not enough to urge the renewal of dialogue and to acknowledge the concerns and suffering of both sides .
If we believe in the principle of democratic self - determination , if we affirm the right to resist military aggression and colonial occupation , then we are obliged to take sides ... against Israel , and with the people of Gaza and the West Bank .
We must do what we can to stop Israel from winning its war .
Israel must accept that its security depends on justice and peaceful coexistence with its neighbours , and not upon the criminal use of force .
We believe Israel should immediately and unconditionally end its assault on Gaza , end the occupation of the West Bank , and abandon all claims to possess or control territory beyond its 1967 borders .
We call on the British government and the British people to take all feasible steps to oblige Israel to comply with these demands , starting with a programme of boycott , divestment and sanctions .
Professor Gilbert Achcar , Development Studies , SOAS
Arshin Adib - Moghaddam , Politics and International Studies , SOAS
Dr. Nadje Al - Ali , Gender Studies , SOAS
Professor Eric Alliez , Philosophy , Middlesex University
Dr. Jens Andermann , Latin American Studies , Birkbeck
Dr. Jorella Andrews , Visual Cultures , Goldsmiths
Professor Keith Ansell - Pearson , Philosophy , University of Warwick
John Appleby , writer
Dr. Claudia Aradau , Politics , Open University
Dr. Walter Armbrust , Politics , University of Oxford
Dr. Andrew Asibong , French , Birkbeck
Professor Derek Attridge , English , University of York
Burjor Avari , lecturer in Multicultural Studies , Manchester Metropolitan University
Dr. Zulkuf Aydin , International Development , University of Leeds
Dr. Claude Baesens , Mathematics , University of Warwick
Dr. Jennifer Bajorek , Cultural Studies , Goldsmiths
Professor Mona Baker , Centre for Translation Studies , University of Manchester
Jon Baldwin , lecturer in Communications , London Metropolitan University
Professor Etienne Balibar , Birkbeck Institute for the Humanities
Dr. Trevor Bark , Criminology , WEA Newcastle
Dr. Susan Batchelor , Sociology , Glasgow University
Dr. David Bell , Tavistock Clinic and British Psychoanalytic Society
Dr. Anna Bernard , English , University of York
Professor Henry Bernstein , Development Studies , SOAS
Anindya Bhattacharyya , writer and journalist
Dr. Ian Biddle , Music , Newcastle University
Sana Bilgrami , filmmaker and lecturer , Napier University , Edinburgh
Professor Jon Bird , School of Arts & Education , Middlesex University
Nicholas Blincoe , writer
Dr. Jelke Boesten , Development Studies , University of Leeds
Dr. Julia Borossa , Psychoanalysis , Middlesex University
Dr. Mark Bould , Film Studies , UWE
Dr. Mehdi Boussebaa , Said Business School , University of Oxford
Professor Wissam Boustany , Trinity College of Music , London
Professor Bill Bowring , Law , Birkbeck
Dr. Alia Brahimi , Politics , University of Oxford
Professor Haim Bresheeth , Media Studies , University of East London
Professor John D Brewer , Sociology , Aberdeen
Victoria Brittain , writer and journalist
Professor Celia Britton , French , UCL
Professor Charles Brook , Paediatric Endocrinology , UCL
Dr. Muriel Brown , writer
Professor Ian Buchanan , Critical and Cultural Theory , University of Cardiff
Professor Ray Bush , African Studies and Development Politics , University of Leeds
Professor Alex Callinicos , European Studies , KCL
Dr. Conor Carville , Irish Studies , St. Mary 's University College
Professor Noel Castree , Geography , University of Manchester
Matthew Caygill , lecturer in History and Politics , Leeds Metropolitan University
Dr. Rinella Cere , Arts , Design , Communication and Media , Sheffield Hallam University
Dr. John Chalcraft , Government , LSE
Dr. Claire Chambers , English Literature , Leeds Metropolitan University
Dr. Sue Chaplin , Cultural Studies , Leeds Metropolitan University .
Dr. Sharad Chari , Geography , LSE
Dr. Lorenzo Chiesa , Critical Theory , University of Kent
Dr. Andrew Chitty , Philosophy , University of Sussex
Professor Emilios Christodoulidis , Law , Glasgow
Professor Sue Clegg , Education , Leeds Metropolitan University
Professor Claire Colebrook , English Literature , Edinburgh University
Dr. John Collins , Philosophy , UEA
Professor Guy Cook , Education and Language Studies , The Open University
Professor Diana Coole , Politics and Sociology , Birkbeck
Professor Annie E. Coombes , History of Art , Birkbeck
Charlie Cooper , lecturer in Social Policy , University of Hull
Julia Copus , poet
Professor Andrea Cornwall , Institute of Development Studies , Sussex
Dr. Don Crewe , Criminology , Roehampton University
Professor Simon Critchley , Philosophy , University of Essex
Dr. Stephanie Cronin , Social Sciences , University of Northampton
Eleanor Crook , sculptor & lecturer , University of the Arts London
Laura Cull , artist and researcher , Drama , University of Exeter
Dr. Sonia Cunico , Modern Languages , University of Leicester
Dr. David Cunningham , English , University of Westminster
Catherine Czerkawska , writer and historian
Dr. Sarah Dadswell , Drama , University of Exeter
Dr. Gareth Dale , Politics and History , Brunel University
Dr. Gary Daniels , Public Policy and Management , Keele University
Neil Davidson , Senior Research Fellow , Geography and Sociology , University of Strathclyde
Dr. Graham Dawson , Cultural History , University of Brighton
Christophe Declercq , lecturer in Translation , Imperial College London
Dr. Helen May Dennis , English and Comparative Literary Studies , University of Warwick
Dr. Caitlin DeSilvey , Geography , University of Exeter
Dr. Mark Devenney , Humanities , University of Brighton
Dr. Pat Devine , Social Science , University of Manchester
Dr. Jorge Díaz - Cintas , Translation , Imperial College London
Professor James Dickins , Arabic , University of Salford
Kay Dickinson , Media and Communications , Goldsmiths College
Jenny Diski , writer
Dr. Bill Dixon , Sociology & Criminology , Keele University
Noel Douglas , lecturer and graphic designer , University of Bedfordshire
Professor Sionaidh Douglas - Scott , Law , University of Oxford
Professor Allison Drew , Department of Politics , University of York
Dr. Judit Druks , Psychology & Language Science , UCL
Professor Mick Dunford , Geography , University of Sussex
Dr. Sam Durrant , English , Leeds University
Dr. Graham Dyer , Economics , SOAS
Professor Abbas Edalat , Computer Science , Imperial College
Professor Rasheed El - Enany , Arab and Islamic Studies , University of Exeter
Gregory Elliott , writer and translator
Dr. Richard Elliott , Music , Newcastle University
Professor Hoda Elsadda , Arabic Studies , University of Manchester
Bernardine Evaristo , writer
Dr. Howard Feather , Sociology , London Metrolitan University
Professor Patrick ffrench , French , King 's College London
Dr. Clare Finburgh , Theatre Studies , University of Essex
Professor Jean Fisher , Fine Art , Middlesex University
Dominic Fox , writer
Dr. Jennifer Fraser , Spanish , Birkbeck
Professor Murray Fraser , Architecture , University of Westminster
Dr. Des Freedman , Media and Communications , Goldsmiths
Maureen Freely , writer and journalist , English , University of Warwick
Dr. Diane Frost , Sociology , University of Liverpool
Dr. Geetanjali Gangoli , School for Policy Studies , University of Bristol
Juliet Gardiner , writer
Dr. James Garvey , philosopher
Professor Conor Gearty , Centre for the Study of Human Rights , LSE
Dr. Julie Gervais , Government , LSE .
Dr. Jeremy Gilbert , Cultural Studies , University of East London
Dr. Aisha Gill , Criminologist , Roehampton University , UK
Professor Paul Gilroy , Sociology , London School of Economics
Charles Glass , writer
Dr. Andrew Goffey , Media , Middlesex
Professor Barry Goldson , Sociology and Social Policy , University of Liverpool
Professor Philip Goodchild , Theology and Religious Studies , University of Nottingham
Dr. Paul Goodey , lecturer and oboist
Professor Ian Gough , Social Policy , University of Bath
Dr. David Graeber , Anthropology , Goldsmiths
Dr. James Graham , Media Culture and Communication , Middlesex University
Professor Penny Green , Law , Kings College London
Dr. Simon Gieve , Education , University of Leicester
Dr. Steve Hall , Sociology and Criminology , Northumbria
Professor Peter Hallward , Philosophy , Middlesex University
Keith Hammond , lecturer in Education , University of Glasgow
Dr. Sameh F. Hanna , Translation Studies , University of Salford
Nicky Harman , lecturer in Translation , Imperial College London
M John Harrison , writer
Dr. Rumy Hasan , Science & Technology Policy Research , University of Sussex
Owen Hatherley , journalist and academic
Dr. Jane Haynes , writer & dialogic psychotherapist
Dr. Jonathan Hensher , French Studies , University of Manchester
Dr. Barry Heselwood , Linguistics & Phonetics , University of Leeds
Tom Hickey , Tutor in Philosophy , Politics and Aesthetics , University of Brighton
Dr. Jane Hiddleston , Modern Languages , University of Oxford
Dr. Nicki Hitchcott , French and Francophone Studies , University of Nottingham
Professor Eric Hobsbawm , President , Birkbeck
Dr. Jane Holgate , Working Lives Research Institute , London Metropolitan University
Professor Derek Holt , Mathematics , University of Warwick
Professor Ted Honderich , Philosophy , UCL
Professor David Howell , Politics , University of York
Professor Richard Hudson , Linguistics , UCL
Professor John Hutnyk , Centre for Cultural Studies , Goldsmiths
Dr. Colin Imber , Turkish , University of Manchester
Professor Lyn Innes ( emeritus ) , English , University of Kent
Professor Yosefa Loshitzky , Film , Media and Cultural Studies , University of East London
Dr. Lars Iyer , Philosophy , Newcastle University
Dr. Ian James , French , University of Cambridge
Dr. Daniel Katz , English and Comparative Literary Studies , University of Warwick
Dr. Mark Kelly , Philosophy , Middlesex University
Joanna Gilmore , lecturer in the School of Law , University of Manchester
Susan Kelly , lecturer in Fine Art , Goldsmiths
Dr. Christian Kerslake , Philosophy , Middlesex University
Dr. Alexander King , Anthropology , University of Aberdeen
David Kinloch , poet
Dr. Dianne Kirby , History and International Affairs , University of Ulster
Dr. Graeme Kirkpatrick , Sociology , University of Manchester
Dr. Laleh Khalili , Politics and International Studies , SOAS
Dr. Stathis Kouvelakis , European Studies , KCL
Professor Basil Kouvaritakis , Engineering Science , University of Oxford
Dr. John Kraniauskas , Spanish , Birkbeck
Dr. Cecile Laborde , Political Science , UCL
Professor Ernesto Laclau , Government , Essex
Dave Laing , writer and journalist
Dr. Juan Antonio Lalaguna , Humanities , Imperial College London
Professor William Large , Philosophy , University College Plymouth , St Mark and St John
Nicholas Lawrence , lecturer in English & Comparative Literary Studies , University of Warwick
Professor Andrew Leak , French , UCL
Dr. Barbara Lebrun , French , University of Manchester
Dr. Keekok Lee , Philosophy , University of Manchester
Professor Esther Leslie , English and Humanities , Birkbeck
Dr. Jo Littler , Media and Cultural Studies , Middlesex University
Tim Llewellyn , journalist and writer
Dr. Caroline Lloyd , Social Sciences , Cardiff University
Dr. Jill Lovecy , Politics , University of Manchester
Simon Lynn , lecturer in Social Work , UEL
David Mabb , artist and Reader in Art , Goldsmiths
Dr. Stephen Maddison , Cultural Studies , University of East London
Dr. Kevin Magill , Arts and Humanities , University of Wolverhampton
Michael Mahadeo , lecturer in Health and Social Sciences , University of Ulster
Dr. Suhail Malik , Art , Goldsmiths
Dr. Johanna Malt , French , KCL
Dr. Matteo Mandarini , Business and Management , QMUL
Professor Susan Marks , Law , KCL
Dr. Lee Marsden , International Relations , University of East Anglia
Professor Lauro Martines , historian
Dr. Luciana Martins , Spanish , Birkbeck College
Dr. Nur Masalha , Religion and Politics , St Mary 's University College
Dr. Dina Matar , Centre for Media and Film Studies , SOAS
Dr. Graeme Macdonald , English , University of Warwick
Professor ( emeritus ) Moshé Machover , Philosophy , KCL
Dr. Maeve McCusker , French Studies , Queen 's University Belfast
Dr. James McDougall , History , SOAS
Dr. Sonia McKay , Working Lives Research Institute , London Metropolitan University
Dr. Susan McManus , Politics , Queen 's University Belfast
Dr. Saladin Meckled - Garcia , Human Rights Studies , UCL
Professor Susan Melrose , Performing Arts , Middlesex University
Dr. Farah Mendlesohn , Media and Creative Writing , Middlesex University
Dr. Mahmood Messkoub , Business , University of Leeds
Dr. China Miéville , writer and academic
Dr. Anna-Louise Milne , French , University of London Institute in Paris
Dr. Surya Monro , Politics , University of Sheffield
John Moore , lecturer in Sociology & Criminology , University of the West of England
Professor Bart Moore - Gilbert , English and Comparative Literature , Goldsmiths
Dr Farhang Morady , Globalisation and Development , University of Westminster
Dr. Stephen Morton , English , Southampton University
Dr. Pablo Mukherjee , English and Comparative Literature , University of Warwick
Professor John Mullarkey , Philosophy , University of Dundee
Professor John Muncie , Criminology , The Open University
Professor Martha Mundy , Anthropology , LSE
Dr. Alex Murray , English , University of Exeter
Dr. Karma Nabulsi , Politics , University of Oxford
Ali Nasralla , Senior Fellow ( retired ) at Manchester University Business School
Professor Mica Nava , Cultural Studies , University of East London
Marga Navarrete , Lecturer in Spanish and Translation , Imperial College
Dr. Nick Nesbitt , French , Aberdeen
Dr. Michael Niblett , Translation and Comparative Cultural Studies , University of Warwick
Professor Christopher Norris , Philosophy , University of Cardiff
Julia O'Faolain , writer
Michael Oliva , composer and lecturer , Royal College of Music
Wendy Olsen , Development Studies , University of Manchester
Professor Peter Osborne , Philosophy , Middlesex University
Dr. George Paizis , French , UCL
Professor Ilan Pappé , History , University of Exeter
Professor Benita Parry , English and Comparative Literature , University of Warwick
Dr. Diana Paton , History , Newcastle University
Dr. Ian Patterson , Queens ' College , Cambridge
Lara Pawson , writer and journalist
Dr. Maeve Pearson , English , University of Exeter
Carmen Perea - Gohar , lecturer in Spanish , Imperial College
Dr. Luis Perez - Gonzalez , Translation Studies , University of Manchester
Dr. Andrea Phillips , Art , Goldsmiths
Dr. Nina Power , Philosophy , Roehampton University
Dr. Jane Poyner , English , University of Exeter
Professor Scott Poynting , Sociology , Manchester Metropolitan University
Dr. Nicola Pratt , Political , Social & International Studies , UEA
Professor Al Rainnie , Centre for Labour Market Studies , University of Leicester
Dr. Kamran Rastegar , Arabic and Persian Literatures , University of Edinburgh
Professor Jane Rendell , Architecture , UCL
Professor Dee Reynolds , French , University of Manchester
Dr. Chris Roberts , School of Community Based Medicine , University of Manchester
Dr. Mark Robson , English Studies , University of Nottingham
Professor William Roff , Islamic & Middle Eastern Studies , University of Edinburgh
Professor Bill Rolston , Sociology , University of Ulster
Caroline Rooney , English and Postcolonial Studies , Kent
Professor Hilary Rose , Social Policy , University of Bradford
Michael Rosen , writer
Dr. Elaheh Rostami-Povey , Development Studies , SOAS
Professor William Rowe , Spanish and English , Birkbeck
Dr. Juliet Rufford , Theatre Studies , University of Reading
Professor Jonathan Rutherford , Cultural Studies , Middlesex University
Professor Alfredo Saad Filho , Development Studies , SOAS
Dr. Gabriela Saldanha , English Language , University of Birmingham
Dr. Shahira Samy , Politics , University of Oxford
Dr. Stella Sandford , Philosophy , Middlesex University
Professor Sanjay Seth , Politics , Goldsmiths
Carole Satyamurti , writer
Professor Yezid Sayigh , War Studies , KCL
Professor Phil Scraton , Law and Criminology , Queen 's University Belfast
Professor Richard Seaford , Classics and Ancient History , University of Exeter
Amanda Sebestyen , writer and asylum campaigner
Professor David Seddon , Development Studies , University of East Anglia
Richard Seymour , writer and activist
Dr. Subir Sinha , Development Studies , SOAS
Dr. Debra Benita Shaw , Social Sciences , Media & Cultural Studies , University of East London
Professor Avi Shlaim , International Relations , St Antony 's College , University of Oxford
Mark Shuttleworth , lecturer in Translation , Imperial College London
Professor David Slater , Geography , Loughborough University
Dr. Andrew Smith , Sociology , Anthropology and Applied Social Science , University of Glasgow
Dr. Graham Smith , Law , University of Manchester
Professor Neil Smith ( emeritus ) , Linguistics , UCL
Olivia Smith , Centre for Editing Lives and Letters , Queen Mary , University of London
Dr. Anthony Soares , Portuguese , Queen 's University Belfast
Ahdaf Soueif , writer and journalist
Professor William Spence , Physics , QMUL
Dr. Robert Spencer , Postcolonial Literatures , University of Manchester
Professor Paul Stewart , Human Resource Management , University of Strathclyde
Dr. Alison Stone , Philosophy , Lancaster
Colin Stoneman , writer
Professor Paul Sutton , Caribbean Studies , London Metropolitan University
Professor Helen Taylor , English , University of Exeter
Professor Phil Taylor , Business , University of Strathclyde
Dr. Jennifer Terry , English Studies , University of Durham
Dr. Nicholas Thoburn , Sociology , University of Manchester
Adriana Tortoriello , translator
Dr. Alberto Toscano , Sociology , Goldsmiths
Professor Martin Upchurch , Business , Middlesex University
Dr. Anastasia Valassopoulos , English and American Studies , University of Manchester
Dr. Rashmi Varma , English and Comparative Literary Studies , University of Warwick
Dr. Ritu Vij , International Relations , University of Aberdeen
Professor Dennis Walder , Ferguson Centre for African and Asian Studies , Open University
Dr. Geoffrey Wall , English , University of York
Sean Wallis , Survey of English Usage , UCL
Dr. Vron Ware , Social Sciences , The Open University
Dr. Eyal Weizman , Centre for Research Architecture , Goldsmiths
Professor Lynn Welchman , Law , SOAS
Dr. Jutta Weldes , Politics , University of Bristol
Tony
White , writer
Geoff Whittam , Reader in Entrepreneurship , University of the West of Scotland
Dr. David Whyte , Sociology , University of Liverpool
Dr. Paula Wilcox , Criminology , University of Brighton
Dr. Caroline Williams , Politics , QMUL
Professor Eddie Williams , Linguistics , Bangor University
Professor James Williams , Philosophy , University of Dundee
Dr. Carla Willig Psychology , City University
Dr. Jon E. Wilson , History , KCL
Dr. Nicole Wolf , Visual Cultures , Goldsmiths
Dr. Jim Wolfreys , French and European Politics , KCL
Professor Andy Wood , History , University of East Anglia
Professor Geof Wood , International Development , University of Bath
Robin Yassin- Kassab , novelist
Professor Nira Yuval - Davis , Gender & Ethnic Studies , University of East London
Dr. Shamoon Zamir , American Studies , KCL
Professor Slavoj Zizek , Birkbeck Institute for the Humanities
Dr. Paquita de Zulueta , Medicine , Imperial College
We regard Israel 's indiscriminate killing in Gaza as a crime against humanity .
We protest against Israel 's exterminating tactics and offer our wholehearted support to the people of Gaza .
Stephen Frears – Film Director – UK
Nigel Kennedy - Musician , Poland / UK
Miriam Margolyes – Actress UK
Brian Eno – Musician and producer UK
Robert Wyatt – Musician UK
William Dalrymple - Writer and historian
Dhafer Youssef – Musician France
Dave Robinson - Producer & pioneer of Stiff Records , UK
Razanne Carmey – Playwright UK
Chaz Jankel – Musician UK
Philip Bagenal - Music Producer and mixer UK
Christine Tobin - Singer UK
Jeffrey Blankfort - Photographer USA
Liane Carroll - Musician singer UK
Martin Coogan - Musician UK
Anis Hamadeh - Musician Germany
Radhika Jha – Writer India
Prem Shankar Jha Author & journalist India
Uzma Aslam Khan - Novelist and Essayist Pakistan
Sarah Gillespie - Musician UK
Darrell Lawrence - Music & film producer USA
Shadia Mansour - Singer UK
Moni Ovadia - Actor Italy
Gilad Atzmon - Musician and writer UK
Susheela Raman - Singer UK
Karl Sabbagh – Writer UK
Rich Siegel – Musician USA
Paul Sussman – Author UK
Sunny Singh – Writer India
David Toop - Musician & author UK
John Turnbull – Musician UK
As members of the Jewish Black Asian Forum , we are distressed and outraged at the pointless loss of life and humanitarian disaster in Gaza .
The values we share , and the stories of loss and exclusion we bring to our discussions , drive us to speak out together .
As members of British communities closely connected to Israel and Palestine , we call on Israel to immediately end its use of military force in Gaza and on Hamas to cease firing rockets into Israel .
Our government , together with other governments and international actors , must engage with the authorities in Israel , Palestine and Gaza to help facilitate a lasting peace in the region and an end to the occupation .
Tanaka Loha , Antony Lerman , Geoffrey Bindman , Francesca Klug , June Jacobs , Imam Sajid , Arlington Trotman , Lincoln Crawford , Mumtaz Rahim , Simon Wooley
Jasa Almuli's claims ( Letters , 15 January ) that Israel has accepted a Palestinian state and that the obstacle to peace is Hamas 's refusal to recognise the state of Israel are false .
Israel 's response to every offer of a viable two - state solution has been to expand the settlements , as during the Oslo " peace " process .
On the other hand , the political leadership of Hamas has many times said that it would accept a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders and has offered a long - term truce on that basis .
This offer was repeated by the Hamas prime minister , Ismail Haniyeh , on 8 November 2008 to a group of 11 European parliamentarians , including Clare Short .
He denied that Hamas was seeking to destroy the state of Israel .
" Our conflict is not with the Jews ; our problem is with the occupation , " he said .
Israel , however , just as it rejected Hamas 's ceasefire offer of 23 December , rejects all negotiation with Hamas 's political leadership and prefers to try to smash its military wing instead .
Hamas does not have to accept Israel 's right to exist as a Jewish state before peace can be negotiated any more than Sinn Féin had to accept Northern Ireland as part of the UK before negotiating a peace there .
Leon Rosselson
Wembley Park , Middlesex
At last the west is coming clean .
Palestinians are freedom fighters , not terrorists , who have suffered 60 years of injustice inflicted by the real axis of evil , Israel and the US .
The murderous attack on Gaza is an insane attempt at ethnic cleansing before Obama takes over .
Eva Figes
London
Iranian military aid to Hamas has been steady and vital to Hamas since its coup of July 2007 .
The movement has been equipped with dozens of Iranian Fajr - 3 missiles - the longest - range ordnance it is thought to possess .
The 122 mm Grad rockets it has been firing at Israel are in its possession because of the Iranian connection .
Like Hezbollah , Hamas is an Iranian proxy .
And just as in 2006 , Iran was instrumental in inciting the current war .
Israel 's fight is a fight for western values of secular democracy and human rights against those that would unleash a medieval theocracy upon us all .
Chris Gale
Chippenham , Wiltshire
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - An Austrian man , charged with drink driving , drove to a police station to complain about the charge whilst drunk , officials said on Monday .
The 65 - year - old had his driving license and car keys first taken away from him on Sunday after driving while over the alcohol limit in the northern city of Linz .
He then went home , picked up his spare car keys , went back to the abandoned car and drove to police headquarters to explain why he was unhappy with the charge .
“ When the driver tried to show police officers what had happened the first time , they detected he was still under the influence of alcohol , ” police said in a statement .
The driver was charged a second time .
Click to embiggen vastly
This Lovecraftian landscape is jasmine tobacco .
Not waving , photosynthesizing .
From Louisa Howard at the Dartmouth Electron Microscope Facility .
Affordable Memorex Blu-ray MVBD - 2510 is now sub -$ 100
Retailed at $ 269 , and has previously appeared on Woot for $ 139.99 , the first generation Memorex MVBD - 2510 Blu-ray player has now sank below $ 100 .
The affordable value - pack has gone cheap , partly because of the newly announced successor MVBD - 2520 with profile 2.0 enabled .
The 2nd - gen Memorex will feature additional BD Live to download extra features and online bonus content , but not be here until early summer , and will cost you a penny short of $ 200 .
At sub $ 100 , the Memorex MVBD - 2510 is worth every penny if you ’re seeking out a basic Bonus - View Blu-ray player .
The only features that are missing from this unit are profile 2.0 , 7.1 analogue out and internal decoder for DTS - MA .
[ slickdeal via engadgethd ]
Be careful how you reach out :
A new study suggests that just fingering an item on a store shelf can create an attachment that makes you willing to pay more for it .
Previous studies have shown that many people begin to feel ownership of an item – that it " is theirs " – before they even buy it .
But this study , conducted by researchers at Ohio State University , is the first to show " mine , mine , mine " feelings can begin in as little as 30 seconds after first touching an object .
Here is the full story .
I thank Deron Bauman for the pointer .
ROGERS , Ark. ( AP ) 
An Arkansas woman has given birth to her 18th child .
Michelle Duggar delivered the baby girl by Caesarean section Thursday at Mercy Medical Center in Rogers .
The baby , named Jordyn - Grace Makiya Duggar , weighed 7 pounds , 3 ounces and was 20 inches long .
" The ultimate Christmas gift from God , " said Jim Bob Duggar , the father of the 18 children .
" She 's just absolutely beautiful , like her mom and her sisters . "
The Duggars now have 10 sons and eight daughters .
Jim Bob Duggar said Michelle started having contractions Wednesday night .
She needed the C- section , her third , because the baby was lying sideways .
Jim Bob said both baby and mother were doing well Thursday night .
" We both would love to have more , " he said .
The cable network TLC broadcasts a weekly show about the Duggars , called " Seventeen and Counting . "
Chris Finnegan of TLC — which handles public relations for the Duggar family — said the show 's name would be updated to account for the latest addition to the family .
He said TLC also will air a show Monday on the baby 's delivery .
Jim Bob Duggar is 43 , a year older than his wife .
Their oldest child , Joshua , is 20 .
The other Duggar children , in between Joshua and Jordyn - Grace , are Jana , 18 ; John - David , 18 ; Jill , 17 ; Jessa , 16 ; Jinger , 14 ; Joseph , 13 ; Josiah , 12 ; Joy - Anna , 11 ; Jeremiah , 9 ; Jedidiah , 9 ; Jason , 8 ; James , 7 ; Justin , 6 ; Jackson , 4 ; Johannah , 3 ; and Jennifer , 1 .
" Our whole family is excited about Jordyn 's addition to our family , " Jim Bob Duggar said .
" She 's just perfect in every way . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The Los Angeles Zoo announced Thursday the arrival of four rock hyrax and four antelope ground squirrels , as well as the birth of a black duiker and a Brazilian agouti .
With the addition of the rock hyrax , the Los Angeles Zoo is now home to the closest living relative to the elephant .
Although the hyrax has a rodent like appearance , it is the hyrax 's DNA that links it to the largest land mammal , the elephant .
However , the hyrax 's stature is of a completely different nature .
When full grown , male Asian elephants can reach a height of about 11 feet and weigh from 3 to 6 tons ; while rock hyraxes grow to a length of 17 to 21 inches and weigh between 4 and 12 pounds .
Native to most of Africa , they feast on a variety of grasses , shrubs and forbs .
The hyrax share a habitat at the zoo with two species of African birds .
Taking up residence in the Winnick Family Children 's Zoo , the Harris antelope ground squirrel holds the distinction of being the zoo 's smallest mammal .
These little creatures weigh in around 1 / 4 to 1/3 pounds and stand about 5 1/2 to 6 3/ 5 inches tall with a tail that reaches approximately 2 1/5 to 3 3/4 inches .
Native to southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , these squirrels eat seeds , fruit , plant stems , roots , some insects and carrion .
These adorable antelope ground squirrels are extremely entertaining and delight visitors as they scamper excitedly about their habitat .
On Jan. 9 , a black duiker was born at the Los Angeles Zoo .
Hailing from West Africa , the duiker lives in dense lowland forests .
The word " duiker " means dive in Afrikaans , which fits the duiker perfectly as they have a habit of diving for cover in the forest or brush .
Living by themselves or in pairs , duikers eat leaves , fruit , shoots , buds , seeds and bark .
They can also capture and eat small birds , rodents , insects and carrion .
The Los Angeles Zoo is one of only four zoos in the United States to display this species .
A Brazilian agouti was born on Jan. 11 at the zoo .
Native to parts of South America and the Lesser Antilles , these rodents are able to jump straight in the air as high as 6 feet from a standstill .
Agoutis tend to eat fallen fruits and nuts as well as succulent plants .
One of the few animals capable of breaking open the pods of the Brazil nut tree , they have a symbiotic relationship with the tree .
After they open the pods , agoutis bury the extra nuts over a wide area .
The seeds that are n't later retrieved by the agoutis for food will grow into new trees .
The Los Angeles Zoo and Botanical Gardens is located in Griffith Park at the junction of the Ventura ( 134 ) and Golden State ( 5 ) freeways .
Admission is $ 12 for adults and $ 7 for children ages 2 to 12 .
The Zoo is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily .
For information , call 323-644-4200 or visit the zoo's Web site at www.lazoo.org.
The Crossley Reflector
Amateur astronomer Andrew A. Common built the Crossley Reflector in Great Britain in 1879 , around the time that the Great Lick Refractor was built .
The Great Refractor was one of the last large refractors built , and the Crossley was one of the first large reflectors built .
Large reflectors became practical after 1880 , when a new technology for making concave , silver - coated glass mirrors was perfected .
Prior to this , such mirrors required constant polishing to remain reflective .
With his reflector , A.A. Common was the first to discover that stars too faint to be seen through a telescope with the eye could be imaged in photographs taken through the telescope using a long exposure time .
This discovery is the basis for all modern astrophotography and spectroscopy .
For these early astronomical photographs , Common was awarded the Royal Astronomical Society gold medal for Astronomy .
After deciding to build a larger telescope , Common sold the 36 - inch reflector to Edward Crossley in 1885 .
Crossley built a new dome enclosure to protect the telescope and observers from the harsh Halifax ( UK ) weather , but this climate was far from ideal for observation .
After about 10 years , Crossley donated both telescope and dome to Lick Observatory , where it was put into operation in 1896 .
Crossley Research at Lick Observatory
Lick Observatory director James Keeler used the Crossley to produce early photographs of nebulae , fuzzy - looking areas in the night sky , in the hopes of better understanding their nature .
To his surprise , he saw many fainter nebulae in the background of his Orion Nebula images .
Previously , astronomers had thought that all nebulae were pretty much the same , and that they were rare phenomena .
Keelers photos with the Crossley reflector showed that nebulae were in fact quite common .
They also showed a variety of different types of " nebulae . "
Some of these were areas of interstellar dust that we still call nebulae today .
Others were actually spiral galaxies filled with billions of stars .
Such detailed photographs were possible because this reflecting telescope focused light more effectively than the 36 - inch refractor .
Thus Keelers photos also showed the superiority of reflectors to refractors for modern astronomical research .
The 36 - inch Crossley reflector was used for observation extensively before the 120 - inch Shane reflector was built on Mt. Hamilton in 1959 .
After this , the Crossley reflector was used occasionally for research until 2009 , although it has limited light - gathering ability and is not physically easy to use ( see 2004 image above with scientist standing in observing position ) .
Research in the recent past includes SETI ( Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ) projects , eclipsing binary star research , and some extrasolar planetary search observations .
Building and Rebuilding
When the Crossley Reflector first arrived on Mt. Hamilton in 1896 , William Hussey , who had been assigned the task of making the Crossley operational , called it a " pile of junk . "
This attitude was reflected in his work on the Crossley , and it was not until James Keeler arrived in 1898 that serious rennovation of the Crossley was begun .
The Crossley telescope has now been upgraded to the extent that no original telescope parts remain ( note photos above ) .
Keeler adjusted the inclination of the axis of the telescope to the correct angle for Lick Observatory 's latitude , aligning the telescope with the earth 's axis .
He then adjusted the drive clock , enabling the Crossley to follow star motions more accurately .
He also removed the old mirror coating , applied a new reflective surface , and made other upgrades .
By 1899 , Keeler had taken his series of nebulae images .
These were impressive enough to cause a sensation at a meeting of the fledgling American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) .
After Keeler 's death in 1900 , Charles Perrine completed Keeler 's collection of nebulae photographs as well as overseeing dramatic improvements to the Crossley .
Between 1902 - 1904 , Perrine improved the mechanical mounting , drive , and gears such that the telescope tracked more accurately .
He redesigned the way that photos were taken by removing a secondary mirror and installing a plateholder at prime focus ( top of telescope ) .
This increased the amount of light available to expose the photographic plates , as light reflected off only one mirror instead of two .
Finally , as illustrated in the 1905 photo above , he replaced the minimal lens mounting structure with a rigid tube .
This solved the problems of the mirror slipping and the telescope flexing under its own weight during observation at certain angles and under windy conditions .
Compare the photos above to see how the Crossley has changed .
( Click on images for enlargements ) .
The photo at the top of the page , taken in 2004 , and the photo from 1965 illustrate one of the fundamental challenges of observing with the Crossley .
To look through the telescope , observers must stand on a mezzanine 25 feet above the dome floor .
Observers must take extreme care not to step too close to the edge , to avoid falling , regardless of how sleepy they might be during long observing nights .
Remarkably , considering the physical challenge of using this telescope , its age , and its limited light - gathering capacity , this telescope was still used until recently for research .
The photograph of the Orion Nebula above , taken with the Crossley reflector in 1928 , illustrates the fine detail that the Crossley is capable of imaging .
Click on photo for enlargement .
This photograph is frequently used in science educational materials and amateur astronomy publications .
Telescope home <- last telescope | next telescope ->
Thursday , 15 Jan , 2009 Environment
Besides warming our planet , exhaust fumes from cars were found to increase lightning strikes for many miles around .
Each working day the level of air pollution increases due to a lot of vehicles on the road .
The pollution was noticed to change the rainfall patterns during the whole week by producing powerful updraft of air and more intense clouds .
Recent findings suggest that pollution may cause lightning as well as rain .
Using ground - based National Lightning Detection Network , Daniel Rosenfeld and his team from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem calculated lightning strikes registered across the United States during the period between 1998 and 2008 .
Researchers noticed that during the working week lightning strikes , recorded in south - eastern states , increased with pollution by about 25 percent .
This region features a muggy air that creates low - lying clouds , the latter having enough space to rise and produce the charge necessary for a thunderstorm , informs New Scientist .
However , scientists were surprised to discover that the effect was not that strong in big cities with an increased level of pollution .
Increased lightning strikes were registered in the suburbs and rural areas that surround these cities .
" There is a misconception that if you get away from cities , you get away from the pollution .
Actually , it follows you for hundreds of miles , " outlines Rosenfeld .
The researcher presented his study at the American Geophysical Union meeting in December 2008 .
According to Rosenfeld , the heat produced by urban areas is able to override the influence of pollution on lightning .
It ’s safe to say that the biggest tax on a web developer is spending so much time dealing with browser bugs and incompatibilities .
Thus it has become the favorite past - time of all web developers to complain about having to deal with them .
Browser bugs are annoying , frustrating , and make your job incredibly difficult .
Because browser bugs are so frustrating and such a burden on top of normal development it should be the responsibility of every web developer to make sure that the browsers they develop for are able to find and fix their bugs .
By taking responsibility for the bugs that you find – and to not assume that “ someone else will find it ” – will accelerate the rate at which browsers can improve .
The solution to helping browsers is two - fold : 1 ) Every time you find a browser bug , file a bug report to the respective browser .
2 ) Actively test your sites in the latest builds of the major browsers .
The vast majority of web developers have never filed a bug report with a browser vendor – or even used a nightly version of a browser – which is a shame .
If you think about it there are few who are more qualified to assess what is going wrong in a browser than those who spend every day developing for them .
I ’m especially surprised when I see professional developers not filing bugs with browsers , or testing on nightlies .
Since one of the primary tasks of most developers is to paper over cross - browser issues it becomes in their best interest to see the number of bugs reduced ( and making their job dramatically simpler ) .
I ’ve personally filed bug reports with every major browser vendor and I ’ve noted a couple characteristics that make for a good report .
How to File a Good Bug Report
The three points that make for a good bug report are : categorization , test case , and reduction .
Any bug that is categorized correctly and provides a reduced test case is guaranteed to be reviewed by a browser developer .
Let ’s start with where to file the bug itself .
Filing a Bug Report
Frequently when you go to file a bug report you have to wade a couple layers deep before you can get to the actual submission form .
I ’ve provided direct URLs to the best forms to use , below .
When you ’re filing your bug be sure to also test it in the latest nightly of the browser you ’re filing against ( which I ’ll describe later on ) .
This will be one of the first things that a browser developer asks .
If you can show that the bug still exists in the current development version of the browser , that it has not been fixed , then it ’ll be that much easier for them to get started .
Note : Many of the bug report pages require that you create an account before submitting a report .
This is an annoying one - time cost .
Categorizing the Bug
Categorizing a bug properly is an important first step .
Frequently the owners of particular modules ( such as layout or DOM ) watch all new submissions that come in .
Assigning a bug to the correct category will instantly put it before the eyes of the very person most capable of fixing the bug .
The categorization of a bug depends on the browser ( some browsers , like Opera and Internet Explorer ) , provide simplified categories for filing a bug while others ( WebKit / Safari and Mozilla / Firefox ) use complex categories to denote the specific module where a piece of functionality might exist .
Mozilla / Firefox : Choose a Component .
Some of the most common ones : DOM , Layout , JavaScript Engine .
WebKit / Safari : Choose a Component .
Some of the most common ones : HTML DOM , Layout and Rendering , JavaScriptCore .
Google Chrome : Figuring out if you should file for Chrome is tricky .
First test your bug in both the latest release of Safari and in the latest WebKit nightly .
If the bug exists only in Chrome then file there , otherwise file the bug with WebKit / Safari .
One problem , though : Bugs that only exist with the Chrome JavaScript engine ( V8 ) should be filed in the V8 bug tracker instead of the Chrome one ( lest it get lost in the shuffle ) .
Also , Chrome does not provide an explicit means of categorization .
All bugs are reviewed by a developer and then categorized ( you have no control over this process ) .
You should also take the quick step of testing on more than one platform ( OS X and Windows , Windows and Linux , etc. ) .
Simply determining that the bug exists on more than one platform can dramatically help to reduce the time needed to locate the cause of the bug by the browser developer .
Providing a Test Case
Any type of reproducible test case is better than nothing .
A web page that ’s able to encapsulate the problem is generally a good start .
If the web page is able to be attached to the bug report directly , that ’s even better ( it may take a while for the browser developer to get around to your ticket and if your test case no longer exists at the URL that you specified then they ’ll likely just close your ticket and move on ) .
That being said there is such a thing as a bad test case .
The worst kind is something like : “ I have a web site at http://example.com and it does n’t work in browser X , please fix . ”
That will take someone a considerable amount of time to locate the exact reasons for failure and will likely push your bug much farther back on the queue .
The best kind of test case is one that provides a reduction .
Providing a Reduction
Providing a simple test case is absolutely the hardest and most frustrating part of creating a bug report – but it ’s also the point that ’ll make your report most likely to be noticed and fixed .
Even for the most qualified developers it should take no more than 30 minutes to create a good - enough test case .
The process for creating one is simple :
Take a page that has the bug in it and rip out anything that does n’t affect the reproduction of the bug .
This includes stylesheets , images , JavaScript files , JavaScript libraries , and HTML .
For example , a while back when I was running the Dromaeo test suite and I noticed that WebKit kept crashing when it hit a certain point .
I began by ripping out tests , unnecessary HTML , CSS , and images .
I eventually worked my way down to a single test : Splitting a string .
I then worked to strip out as much of the test suite as possible so that there were no external dependencies required .
Note the final result :
var str = “ ” , ret , fn = [ ] ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 16384 ; i++ ) str += " a " ; for ( var i = 16384 ; i <= 131072 ; i *= 2 ) ( function ( i ) { fn.push ( function ( ) { ret = str.split ( " " ) ; } ) ; str += str ; } ) ( ) ; window.onload = function ( ) { setInterval ( function ( ) { if ( fn.length ) fn.shift ( ) ( ) ; } , 13 ) ; } ;[/ js ]
What was left was about as simple as you could get while still having the crash occur .
This is a good reduction .
Based upon this reduction the reason for the problem was quickly identified and resolved just a couple weeks later .
Is my bug being worked on ?
This is a challenging point – but one that ’s easier to determine with Mozilla / Firefox , WebKit / Safari , and Chrome ( since they ’re all relatively open projects ) .
Here ’s the best way to determine the status of the bug with each of those browsers .
Mozilla / Firefox :
Your bug will start out being assigned to the default contact for the component category that you originally selected .
This does n’t mean anything , yet , it ’s simply attracting people in to look at your ticket .
People will start to CC themselves in to the ticket ( which means that they ’re interested in its progress ) .
The defining moment , though , is when someone assigns the bug to themselves , effectively stating that they are taking responsibility for the status of this bug .
Most contributors have it set up so that any future comments on the bug are automatically emailed to them so if you have any questions about the status of the bug you can feel free to post a comment – but please do so at a reasonable pace ( asking for daily , or even weekly , updates would be frustrating ) .
WebKit / Safari : WebKit uses a very similar setup to Mozilla / Firefox – just look for someone to take control of the bug and drive it to completion .
The golden ticket , though , is when your bug “ goes to rdar “ .
Radar is Apple ’s internal ( private ) bug tracker .
Having your bug move to there means that your bug is , effectively , guaranteed to be completed at some point ( if not by the person who ‘ owns ’ it then by another Apple employee ) .
Since Apple is still the major driving force behind WebKit updates having your bug move to rdar is what you should be hoping for .
That being said , since rdar is private to Apple employees you no longer get the benefit of knowing if or when your bug will be completely fixed – it ’s just a waiting game .
Chrome : Chrome uses a system very similar to Mozilla / Firefox .
Be sure to keep up communication with whom the bug is currently assigned to and to answer any questions that they might have .
If your bug eventually gets resolved then congratulations !
You just helped to make the web a better place for everyone .
But that ’s not always the case .
What happens if my bug gets rejected ?
Rejected bugs fall into two categories :
It was rejected because it was not a bug .
It was rejected because they browser vendor does not feel like working on it .
The first point is broken down into two further sub-categories :
It ’s legitimately not a bug .
Congratulations !
You ’ve learned something about a standard , or some other browser obscurity , that you were n’t familiar with : you ’re now a better web developer !
You should fire up your blog and write about the obscure new bug or API that you discovered and explain it to the world .
Or it is a bug and the owner unnecessarily closed it .
At this point you need to argue your case to re-open it .
The second point ( the vendor does not feel like working on it ) is also handled in two ways :
First , argue your case for the bug .
This should help inform the browser developer that they should dedicate valuable resources to fixing this issue .
Or second , if they are truly unwilling to fix the bug : Raise holy hell on your blog , Twitter account , and any other place where other web developers will listen to you .
If you ca n’t find anyone else who agrees with your plight then you are probably crazy – but if it ’s a legitimate problem that the browser vendor is refusing to fix then you should easily find others with whom you can band together and complain openly to .
But that ’s OK :
You ’ve earned this right .
By doing all the due diligence necessary to bring this bug to light you earn full privileges of bitching about it in every other sentence .
Arguing a Bug
So you ’re at the point where your bug has been closed and you need to convince the closer that this was a mistake – that what you have is an actual , legitimate , bug .
Here are some of the best arguments that you can use , in order of which they should be used :
Show that the bug was a regression .
Prove that it was something that worked in a previous release that stopped working because of a change .
Works great in conjunction with # 2 .
Show real - world web sites breaking .
If you can show that actual users are going to no longer visit X bank in Poland or Y shopping site in Canada then browsers will easily bend over backwards to fix the issue ( unless it ’s Opera , in which case they may use their browser .js to force a site to work – but that ’s another story ) .
Show a web standard that is being violated by not fixing this bug .
If you ’re able to show that the W3C DOM specification is not implemented correctly because a certain bug is not fixed then a browser vendor should feel compelled to fix it .
If not , this will make for great blog fodder .
Show that not fixing the bug makes a browser incompatible with other browsers .
If IE , Safari , and Opera all implement a specific feature or fix a specific bug then Firefox should be compelled to comply with the other implementations ( as long as its not in contradiction with a specification ) .
This is the hardest one to argue – but it becomes easier the more browsers that are on board .
If you ca n’t prove any of those steps then you ’re probably just scratching your own itch anyway – and should lay off .
Examples
I want to show some representative examples of bugs that I ’ve filed with different browser vendors .
WebKit / Safari
Canvas arc ( ) with radius of 0 throws exception : Calling the Canvas arc ( ) method was throwing an exception .
I provided a super - simple test case and pointed to the specification that they were in disagreement with .
Was resolved the same day it was posted .
Out of Memory Error with .split ( “ ” ) due to large number of live objects :
Provided a simple reduction with hosted web page , was fixed about 3 weeks later .
Mozilla / Firefox
Huge Speed Drop in Array.prototype.sort : Showed a regression with a simple reduction .
Included a bunch of very - useful Shark profiling data to help pinpoint the exact issue .
Was fixed within a month .
Implement .children : Argued that Mozilla needed to implement the .children method ( which was in every other major browser ) .
A good debate led to its eventual inclusion ( about 6 months later ) .
Internet Explorer 8
querySelectorAll NodeList Exception : Provided simple test case , was rejected due to ‘ lack of time ’ :
At this time we do not plan on fixing this issue .
We appreciate the report , but unfortunately we are at a stage where need to choose what we work on to maximize the value for customers and web developers .
So while they agree that it is an issue – they do not plan on fixing it .
That means that I now get to complain about it !
HTMLElement.prototype.querySelectorAll does n’t exist :
As it turns out this was because querySelectorAll only exists in standards - compliant pages ( not in quirksmode ) .
This is positively bizarre but I think I understand their rationale behind the decision .
I suspect that this will bite a lot of people once IE 8 goes live , we ’ll see .
I now know more about IE8 and am a better developer for it .
Google Chrome
for in loops do n’t occur in defined order :
This was a compatibility issue ( all other browsers behaved in a particular manner ) .
I provided a simple test case .
It was accidentally closed as WontFix ( which caused confusion ) but was actually fixed .
I made a mistake here and actually filed this bug against Chrome when it should ’ve been against V8 – here ’s the bug that dealt with the issue over there .
setTimeout (… , 0 ) fires too quickly :
This was actually due to a structural change made by the Chrome team .
Mike Belshe ( the author of the change ) personally emailed me to explain what happened .
I became much more informed as a result and blogged about it .
Opera
( Opera does not provide an official public view for bug reports , that I know of . )
How to Test a Nightly Build
Before we get into the details of testing a nightly build of a browser I should probably answer the most common question :
Why should I care about testing a nightly build of a browser ?
There are a couple reasons .
First , when filing a bug report you ’re going to need to determine if the bug you ’re submitting has already been fixed , or not .
If it ’s already been fixed in a nightly then you do n’t need to worry about submitting it – the bug will be fixed in the next release .
If the bug has not been resolved , though , then you should be sure to continue filing the bug .
Second , you should periodically test your site or library in the latest browser nightlies – to make sure that your code is n’t going to break when the browser is released .
How often you test is up to you – but the more frequently you test the more likely it is that your site or library wo n’t hit a massive regression at some point .
I think it ’s pretty safe to say that no developer likes finding out that there ’s a new browser version on the market that breaks their site .
Filing a bug for a nightly is just like filing any other bug .
Provide a reduced test case and be sure to emphasize that a regression occurred .
If you ’re testing frequently enough this should be sure to get the developers hopping into action .
Getting the Latest Nightly
Browser vendors provide a variety of techniques for getting the latest version of a browser .
Some browsers release more frequently than others , as well ( for example , Chrome updates multiple times a day , Firefox once a day , and Opera every couple weeks or so ) .
Mozilla / Firefox
Mozilla provides nightly releases of Firefox .
It can be installed , and used , alongside your existing copy of Firefox using Firefox Profiles .
Once you download one nightly release it should update itself , automatically , every day .
Download : Firefox Nightly Release
WebKit / Safari
WebKit nightlies are easy to install on OS X – they can live completely side - by - side with no profile details .
However they do not update automatically .
I use NightShift to make sure that my WebKit nightly is kept up to date ( on OS X ) .
Doing a nightly install on Windows is much more cumbersome ( it involves running some scripts and copying files around ) but it works .
Download : WebKit / Safari Nightly Release
Internet Explorer
Internet Explorer installs are “ a big deal ” – they completely blow away any previously - installed copy of the browser .
For this reason you should be sure to use some tricks to keep multiple copies of Internet Explorer installed on your system .
There ’s one installer that can handle IE 6 ( and older ) and another one for taking care of IE 7 .
Once you have all those standalone versions installed you can feel safe downloading and installing IE 8 .
IE 8 automatically updated from each beta release but it does n’t appear to do it any more .
If you sign up for the Microsoft IE Beta Connect program you can get more recent builds to test against .
Again , all of these builds will overwrite older versions of the current browser .
Download : IE 8 Betas , IE 8 Weekly Builds
Google Chrome
Google provides multiple builds per day ( one for each revision ) .
These builds can live side - by - side with one another but they do not update automatically .
One user built an automatic update application that you can use to make that happen .
Download : Google Chrome Nightly Builds
Opera
Multiple versions of Opera can be installed side - by - side and they update automatically .
They do n’t provide nightly builds ( they come out every couple weeks , or so ) but they should serve as a relatively - current example of the browser .
Download : Opera Desktop Team Blog ( builds are posted here )
The importance of taking an active role in the future of web development cannot be overstated .
Shifting from a passive position of hoping that other developers will be proactive about filing bugs or hoping that browser vendors will notice every possible regression to one of active diligence gives you an incredible amount of power .
The minimal amount of work that you do to improve communication between the web community and browsers does volumes for helping to improve the quality of the entire web .
You should wear every bug that has gotten fixed , because of you , as a badge of honor :
You ’ve done your part to make the web a better place .
I recently asked a good friend how happy he was on a scale of 0 to 10 .
He only had to think for a few seconds .
“ A five , ” he said .
“ You ? ”
“ I ’m at 9 or 10 , ” I replied .
Interestingly , he makes about twice as much money as I do , and even likes his job ( as do I ) .
The social sciences have studied happiness quite thoroughly , so what have they learned about what makes us happy ?
Plenty , but the single viewing - lens I ’ll choose for today is the year in which people in the U.S. reported their highest level of happiness , which was 1957 .
In 1957 people did less T.V. - watching , more socializing and more bridge - playing with friends and neighbors than now .
They ate more meals together at home and did less dining out .
They voted more .
They walked and used public transit more , owned fewer cars per household , and did less driving .
They bought fewer clothes .
In fact , Americans were less affluent and did much less purchasing of most items in general during the time in history in which they reported the most happiness .
And they had more sense of community .
Would I want to be living in 1957 ?
Absolutely not .
Back then our culture was stiflingly homogeneous and repressive of women and minorites .
I do n’t believe in idolizing ‘ good old days ’ that really never were , but instead , in learning all we can from our history .
In its favor ( if you care about social justice in addition to happiness ) 1957 America had a strikingly smaller gap between rich and poor than it does now .
Of course in all times and places , if your survival needs are not met , you have no chance of happiness .
Incomes were much more moderate than now during the peak of happiness in the U.S .
All the above makes it unsurprising that I report twice as much happiness as my friend who earns twice what I earn .
( Note : he is single and I would like to set him up with a cool single woman .
Any ideas ? )
Related Posts :
Photos by David Deal
Michelle Rhee is always on message and always on call .
If she ’s not speaking , she ’s thumbing away on her BlackBerry , or working a cell phone , or flipping open a laptop .
When I met with her recently , she sat at her desk clasping a BlackBerry and a cell phone in her right hand ; in front of her was a sleek Sony Vaio laptop , which she monitored incessantly during our conversation , while off to her right was yet another computer , a desktop PC .
Apparently there is a second BlackBerry somewhere .
And it ’s not for show .
“ Every e-mail a parent sends me , I answer , ” she said , a boast that even her critics grudgingly concede .
BlackBerry - wielding type - A personalities out to shake up the system are a common sight in Washington .
Until recently , their habitat consisted almost exclusively of the halls of Congress and the K Street corridor — the think tanks , lobby shops , and congressional staffs most of us talk about when we talk about the capital .
Rarely would you find them in the “ other ” Washington , the one most Americans would prefer to forget : the perennially dysfunctional city of 580,000 people , many of them poor and black ; the city of the Marion Barry machine , of sky - high murder rates and voter disenfranchisement and the 1968 King riots .
And , of course , the city of abysmal schools .
But thanks to Rhee and her boss , the young and charismatic Mayor Adrian Fenty , the city government is awash with the sort of überprofessionals once found exclusively in congressional committee rooms and white - shoe law firms .
Fenty is a big part of the rush .
Like a number of young mayors — Newark ’s Cory Booker and , until he moved to the governor ’s office , Baltimore ’s Martin O’Malley — Fenty is a data - focused decision maker , less interested in politics as usual than a politics of results .
Soon after taking office , in January of last year , Fenty focused his energy on wresting control of the city schools from the all - powerful school board , as New York ’s Michael Bloomberg did in 2002 , a move that has gained the interest of many fellow mayors around the country .
By last July , the city council had approved the mayor ’s appointment of Rhee as Washington ’s first schools chancellor .
Also see :
Interviews : " Crusader of the Classrooms "
Michelle Rhee , the young chancellor of the D.C. public school system , talks about her career path , what makes a good teacher , and her efforts to transform a struggling school district .
Michelle Rhee , the young chancellor of the D.C. public school system , talks about her career path , what makes a good teacher , and her efforts to transform a struggling school district .
Since her arrival , in the summer of 2007 , Rhee , just 38 years old , has become the most controversial figure in American public education and the standard - bearer for a new type of schools leader nationwide .
She and her cohort often seek to bypass the traditional forces of education schools and unions , instead embracing nontraditional reform mechanisms like charter schools , vouchers , and the No Child Left Behind Act .
“ They tend to be younger , and many did n’t come through the traditional route , ” says Margaret Sullivan , a former education analyst at the Georgetown Public Policy Institute .
And that often means going head - to - head with the people who did .
People forget that without the support of the adult industry that VHS was unlikely to beat out Beta as a leading home video format a generation ago , and that without VHS there would n't be a home theater market like we know today
Leading home theater and consumer electronics news and review site , HomeTheaterReview.com , is out with a lead story that sheds light on the often seedy world of pornography and how that industry once again is leading the way with home video content - now with high definition video for Blu-ray and HD downloads .
This time the adult entertainment industry may not just reshape the lucrative world of mainstream home video , they could redefine the mainstream Hollywood theatrical business model .
" People forget that without the support of the adult industry that VHS was unlikely to beat out Beta as a leading home video format a generation ago , and that without VHS there would n't be a home theater market like we know today , " says HomeTheaterReview.com publisher Jerry Del Colliano .
" Adult content was key in DVD - Video getting over 91 percent U.S. household market penetration and is now helping Blu-ray get over 15 percent penetration just one year after the Blu - Friday format war victory at CES 2008 .
Beyond Blu-ray as the current HD home video format , the adult industry is pushing limits for HD video downloads from the Internet which represents the future of Hollywood , not just the San Fernando Valley . "
Today , over 500,000 people pay $ 1 extra per month to get high definition content on Blu-ray discs from leading online rental house Netflix .
Netflix does n't rent adult content , sticking with more traditional and less " blue " content for its subscribers .
Clearly , there is a lot for the adult industry to learn and experiment with in terms of lighting , make - up , sets and especially talent .
Many of today 's titles define the term TMI or " too much information " , but in time this multi-billion dollar industry likely will find the sweet spot for the next frontier of its content .
Dr. Ken Taraszka 's full article on the topic of the future of HD content through the eyes of the adult industry can be seen at http://www.hometheaterreview.com/av-news/2009-home-theater-news/2009-feature-news-stories/adult_content_shaping_the_future_of_hi-def_content002306.php
Home Theater Review is best seen at http://hometheaterreview.com.
Newsletter subscriptions are free at http://hometheaterreview.com/subscribe.
For more information or additional comment on the topic - contact Jerry Del Colliano at 310.860.9988 .
###
The continued improvements in lithography have been the driving force that has upheld Moore 's Law .
Shorter wavelengths , better lenses , and adaptive optics have all contributed to this success story , which has allowed commercial chips to be fabricated with 45 nm feature sizes , with 32nm in testing .
This process has succeeded beyond everyone 's wildest expectations , but that does not mean that future feature reductions that rely on the same basic technology are guaranteed .
This week , researchers published an adapted maskless lithography technique that may provide an alternative path to sub - 32nm features .
The maskless part is pretty important .
Normal lithography creates an image of the features that will be etched into a chip by imaging a negative mask .
This mask is big , expensive , and can take quite a while to make .
When you are just trying to get a chip design right , each little change means a new mask .
You can imagine that this might increase the development cost somewhat , while also slowing circuit development .
Maskless lithography gets around the problem by writing the chip directly .
This can be done by milling the silicon with a beam of electrons or ions .
Electrons and ions can be focused to very small spots , meaning that features just a few nanometers in size can be written , but this is a seriously slow way to write an entire chip .
Running many beams in parallel would speed the process up .
Unfortunately electrons and ions are charged , so the beams interact with each other — parallel beams do n't focus , and do n't go where they are directed .
Light , on the other hand , does n't interact so strongly with itself , making it the perfect candidate for parallel beam maskless lithography .
Unfortunately , it does n't focus so well — a really good lens will focus light to , at best , a quarter of the wavelength .
Fortunately , there may be another option : the field of nanophotonics and something called a plasmon , and plasmon lenses .
A plasmon is created by the interaction between light and the sea of electrons in a metal .
The light causes the electrons to oscillate and , when conditions are right , they oscillate as a group , creating extremely large electric fields .
These fields are exactly like the light field that created the plasmon , except that they extend just a hundred or so nanometers from the metal surface .
A lens , based on plasmons , can be created by a set of concentric metal rings .
The fields from the plasmons in each ring act in such a way as to create a tightly focused spot of light .
In principle , these lenses could focus light tightly enough to create features about five to ten nanometers in size .
There is , of course , a catch — the distance between the lens and the focal point is about 20nm .
This is a bit of headache , because it means that the lens has to move accurately over a silicon wafer while maintaining a distance of just 20nm between it and the wafer .
This is precisely the step forward described in the new paper .
The paper actually describes a bit more than that .
The problem is n't so much maintaining the separation , but rather maintaining the separation while moving the lens with any speed .
Since we only have a limited array of lenses , they have to move over the wafer in order to write the whole circuit ; to write with enough speed , they need to move fast .
Feedback electronics cound maintain the lens at the correct height , but their response time is too slow .
To get around this problem , the researchers used airflow over and under the lens to maintain its height .
Basically , if the lens lifts too high , the air pressure under the lens falls , forcing it back down .
Likewise , if it sinks too low , the air pressure increases , forcing it back up .
The response time is governed by the mass of the lens , which is very light , allowing it respond very quickly .
In the actual apparatus , the airflow is provided by spinning the wafer under an array of 16 lenses at 2000 revolutions per minute .
The write position is controlled by translating the lenses from the center of rotation outwards to the edge of the wafer and flashing laser light into the lenses at appropriate times — getting the sequencing right for a complicated structure must be quite tricky , but that is what computers are for .
Now , since the rotation rate is constant , the speed of the wafer under the lens depends on where the lens is , which means that the write speed and control over the height vary as the lenses move outwards .
The researchers showed that they could maintain the lens within 20nm of the surface over the full speed range , and importantly , keep the lens nearly flat as well ( within a few millidegrees ) .
It is important to emphasize that there are still some big hurdles to overcome .
First of all , for this to compete with the speed of commercial lithography , the number of lenses will need to be of the order of 1000 .
Second , they used a small glass wafer to test this on .
A 12 inch silicon wafer will be quite another story .
Third , the feature resolution was 145nm , which is far from ideal .
I worry about the last part the most .
Once feature sizes get below 32nm , the silicon wafer does n't look very smooth anymore .
In fact , it rather resembles downtown Manhattan .
Obtaining features that are smaller , or even about the same size , as the depth variations in the silicon surface is going to be very challenging for any lithographic technique .
That said , this work has a lot going for it .
No nasty vacuums , no horrible discharge lamps , no complicated optics train , and no expensive mask .
Instead , only a laser , a spindle , some precision ( OK , a lot of precision ) , and a complicated computer program are required .
Nature Nanotechnology , 2008 , DOI : 10.1038/nnano.2008.303
We no longer need to kill Bin Laden , claims Barack Obama
Barack Obama has claimed it is no longer necessary to kill Osama Bin Laden to win the war against al - Qaeda .
In an unprecedented departure from the current wanted ' dead or alive policy , ' the U.S. President - Elect said that simply keeping bin Laden holed up in a cave was enough to keep America safe .
' My preference obviously would be to capture or kill him , ' he said .
' But if we have so tightened his noose that he's in a cave somewhere and can't even communicate with his operatives then we will meet our goal of protecting America .
Presidential : The official White House photograph of Barack Obama shows him posing in front of the U.S. flag .
It was released on the same day he said it was no longer necessary to kill Osama bin Laden
' I think that we have to so weaken ( his ) infrastructure that , whether he is technically alive or not , he is so pinned down that he cannot function .
' I'm confident that we can keep them on the run and ensure that they cannot train terrorists to attack our homeland .
Mr Obama 's comments mark a significant move away from the policy pursued by President Bush since the al - Qaeda attacks of September 11 and which he himself endorsed during the election campaign .
In a presidential debate in October , he said : ' We will kill bin Laden .
We will crush al - Qaeda .
That has to be our biggest national security priority . '
Mr Obama 's comments , made in an interview with CBS , came in the wake of a new audio message purporting to be from the al - Qaeda leader .
In it , bin Laden apparently calls for a holy war over the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
He also discussed Obama and said the new U.S. president would inherit the ' heavy legacy ' of a long guerrilla war that would widen to more fronts , according to internet terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group .
Threat :
The new audio tape from bin Laden was accompanied by a picture of the al - Qaeda leader superimposed on the al - Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem , one of Islam 's holiest sites
Al - Qaeda was willing to fight ' for seven more years , and seven more after that , then seven more ... we are on the way to opening new fronts , ' he said .
'( Muslims must ) join hands with the mujahedeen to continue the jihad against the enemy , to continue bleeding them .
' The question is , can America continue the war against us for several more decades ?
The reports and signs show us otherwise . '
The U.S. government dismissed the message , claiming Bin Laden was not a threat to Mr Obama 's inauguration , which takes place on Tuesday .
' It appears this tape demonstrates his isolation and continued attempts to remain relevant at a time when al Qaeda 's ideology , mission , and agenda are being questioned and challenged throughout the world , ' White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said .
He said it also looked like a fund - raising effort .
The inauguration is expected to draw record crowds of 1.5 million or more to the U.S. capital next week for three days of festivities .
Tens of thousands of police and U.S. troops will take part in an unprecedented security effort .
Obamamobile :
The new limousine that will make its debut at the inauguration next Tuesday
Asked if the tape represented a threat to the inauguration , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said , ' We have no specific or credible threat to the inauguration . '
Bin Laden is currently believed to be holed up in caves somewhere in the Pakistan - Afghanistan border area .
Intelligence agencies say even if al Qaeda 's central leadership has been weakened , its violent intentions make the militant group dangerous .
OBAMA TO END 'DON'T ASK , DON'T TELL ' POLICY TOWARDS GAYS IN MILITARY
Barack Obama is to end the ' do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy towards gay personnel in the U.S. military .
The move would allow homosexuals to serve openly for the first time .
Asked whether Mr Obama would bring the policy into effect , the President - Elect 's press secretary , replied : ' You do n't hear politicians give a one - word answer much .
But it 's " Yes " ' .
The issue was last on the table in the early days of Bill Clinton 's presidency when he backed similar reforms .
But he eventually settled for a ' do n't ask , do n't tell ' compromise .
Photo Gallery Guerilla Art on the West Bank
Paintings by the West 's favorite graffiti artist , Banksy , are part of everyday life for Palestinians around Bethlehem .
MUMBAI , India ( CNN ) -- U.S. Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice was expected to arrive in New Delhi , India , on Wednesday , seeking to ease rising tensions between India and Pakistan in the wake of last week 's deadly terror attacks .
Indian schoolchildren hold flowers and candles in memory of those killed in the Mumbai attacks .
more photos »
" I am going to , of course , express solidarity with the Indian people .
This was a horrible attack .
It was , of course , also an attack that killed American citizens .
And it is therefore of very great concern to the United States , " Rice told reporters Tuesday at the NATO headquarters in Brussels , Belgium .
A team of FBI agents was also in Mumbai to assist the investigation .
At least 179 people -- including six Americans -- were killed when a band of gunmen attacked 10 targets in Mumbai .
Most of the deaths occurred at the city 's top two hotels , the Oberoi and the Taj Mahal .
The attacks sparked three days of battles with police and Indian troops in the heart of the city .
" Everyone should cooperate fully , and Pakistan in particular needs to cooperate fully and transparently , " Rice said .
" I was pleased to see the statements of the Pakistani government that they intend to do so , but that is the nature of my trip to India . "
Her visit comes as Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari told CNN's Larry King he believed the perpetrators were " stateless actors who have been operating all throughout the region . "
" The state of Pakistan is in no way responsible , " Zardari told King . " ... Even the White House and the American CIA have said that today .
The state of Pakistan is , of course , not involved .
We 're part of the victims , Larry .
I 'm a victim .
The state of Pakistan is a victim .
We are the victims of this war , and I am sorry for the Indians , and I feel sorry for them . "
Watch Zardari discuss Pakistan 's stance »
India has made clear it believes the coordinated attacks in Mumbai , the country 's financial and entertainment capital , originated in its nuclear neighbor , Pakistan .
Watch as Mumbai tries to return to normal »
However , the Indian government is also under pressure to explain the lapse of security that allowed the siege to occur .
Anger is rising among Indians , particularly in light of reports the government had been warned .
Regarding the warnings the United States reportedly gave to India , Rice said she did n't know the sources speaking on background .
" But we obviously -- we try to pass information to countries all around the world if we pick up information .
But I 'll tell you , having been on the receiving end of information sometimes which one could constitute as , ' warnings , ' they are often difficult to act on , sometimes not very concrete . "
Even with intelligence information , terrorism is not always preventable , she said .
At the center of India 's probe was the lone suspect in police custody , who Indian authorities say is Pakistani and was trained by Lashkar - e - Tayyiba -- a Pakistan - based terror group allied with al Qaeda .
The group has denied responsibility for the attacks .
However , U.S. counterterrorism officials say signs point to Lashkar - e - Tayyiba , and they have n't seen anything to rule it out .
However , they will not definitively say the group is responsible .
U.S. Director of National Intelligence Michael McConnell said during an appearance Tuesday at Harvard University said the Mumbai attacks were carried out by the same group responsible for the parliament attack and a series of bomb explosions aboard trains and at railway stations in Mumbai in 2006 -- though he did n't specifically name Lashkar - e - Tayyiba .
Meanwhile , Mumbai 's police chief said Tuesday that he never received a warning of an impending seaborne attack on his city .
" [ The warning ] that terrorists could arrive by sea was from an intelligence report of last year that only said terrorists could attack Gujarat or industries in the south , " Hasan Gafoor said .
Mumbai is located in Maharashtra state , which borders Gujarat state .
According to Indian External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee , the 10 attackers hijacked a trawler in the Pakistani port city of Karachi -- about 575 miles ( 925 km ) north of Mumbai -- and came ashore at Mumbai in dinghies .
Gafoor said a global - positioning system , or GPS , found with the attackers showed they had come from Pakistan .
Intelligence officials told CNN - IBN that the captain of the trawler was found dead , lying face down with his hands bound behind his back .
Four crew members who had been on board were missing , they said .
Gafoor said Indian officials will provide evidence backing their conclusions " once the investigation is complete . "
India 's Foreign Ministry on Tuesday briefed diplomats representing the countries who lost nationals in the attack -- including the United States and Britain -- about the ongoing investigation and the details of the attack , the ministry said .
On Monday , India told Pakistan that the attack " was carried out by elements from Pakistan " and " the government expects that strong action would be taken against those elements , whosoever they may be . "
India also renewed its call on Pakistan 's government to hand over a group of about 20 wanted militant leaders who have taken refuge in Pakistan .
It has been demanding the extradition of some of those leaders since a 2001 attack on India 's Parliament that brought the South Asian nuclear rivals to the brink of war .
The list includes Hafiz Mohammed , the head of Lashkar - e - Tayyiba .
The Islamic militant group , now banned in Pakistan , also is blamed for the 2001 Parliament attack .
Topping India 's most - wanted list is Dawood Ibrahim , who allegedly masterminded the 1993 Mumbai bombings that killed nearly 250 people .
India is also asking Pakistan to hand over suspected terrorist Masood Azhar , who was released from an Indian prison in 1999 in exchange for hostages aboard a hijacked Indian airliner .
" We will await the response of Pakistan , " said Mukherjee , the Indian foreign minister .
Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi on Tuesday proposed a joint investigation into the attacks , saying " this is not the time to point fingers . "
" We are ready to help India , " he said .
" We need to make a common strategy to fight with a common enemy .
We need to show we 're serious . "
CNN 's Ram Ramgopal , Harmeet Shah Singh and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .
All About India • Pakistan • Mumbai • Terrorism
Jason Wu : Michelle Obama Inaugural Gown Designer ( Photos )
took center stage at ten inaugural balls last night wearing a custom designed , elaborate , one - shoulder , floor length ivory chiffongown , which was embellished with white swirl details .
She and the 44th President of the United States , were a sight to behold in their formal wear , as evidenced by the above photo .
The 26 year old design was born in Taiwan and learned to sew at age nine by making doll clothes .
He graduated from high school in Paris and enrolled in Parsons : The New School for Design and interned with Narciso Rodriguez .
Wu 's first full collection debuted in 2006 .
He won the Fashion Group International Rising Star award in 2008 .
Wu was not aware that the First Lady would be wearing his creation .
He admitted to being awe - struck when he watched the television coverage and realized that Michelle Obama had chosen his dress for the inaugural balls .
Michelle wore her first
Wu design during a November interview with
She chose a creation byfor Barack Obama 's swearing in ceremony earlier in the day .
See those photos here .
More photos below , including Sasha Obama and Malia Obama wearing J. Crew .
Mazda3 Forums
Since 2000
A forum community dedicated to Mazda 3 and all Mazda vehicle owners and enthusiasts .
Come join the discussion about MazdaSpeed performance , modifications , classifieds , troubleshooting , maintenance , and more !
4.3 M posts 237.5 K members
USING TECHNOLOGY
Published by Tim Millett
08 October 2013
Some people are naturally better at embracing technology than others .
While the onward march of computers , various applications and the internet in our working lives goes on , it can still be very challenging to embrace these changes .
That ’s where good management comes in .
It ’s pretty obvious that when any new computer system or software application is rolled out adequate training should be arranged to ensure that everyone is brought up to speed long before the new system comes into full time play .
But there are other considerations that should also be highlighted if the team performance is going to be kept to a high standard .
One good example of this is doing more than just providing those initial training sessions .
Learning how to use technology in a training session is quite different from using it in a real work situation and some employees are naturally better than others at making this leap .
It is also often the case that there are hiccups and glitches that are only caught when the new system is up and running in real time .
By providing ways in which the employees and managers can liaise with each other to identify and solve these glitches in the fastest possible time frame the installation of any new software or technology will be made that much easier – and everyone will be able to play their part as well .
Another great way of building team confidence and coherence is by arranging feedback sessions where the employees can talk directly to the managers and tell them honestly how everything actually went in reality .
Quite often the managers will only know how things should be , rather than how they actually panned out .
By filling in the gaps the management can more readily plan for future technological advances by using that newfound knowledge that comes directly from their employees .
But there does n’t have to be a big change in the technology to make big changes in the company ’s performance .
Some people will naturally find it difficult to handle computer tasks but simply wo n’t want to speak up and ask for help .
It is precisely these situations that are hard to spot , but they can be easier to identify by ensuring that the bonds between management and employees are strong and are open to two - way conversations .
Sometimes employees feel that they cannot approach their managers and this does n’t help to create a fully functioning work environment .
In the end it is essential that employees of all levels are encouraged to enhance their skills and embrace the technology they need to work with , and if managers can identify the best way to do just that with each employee they will be better able to improve the performance of their whole team .
Ultimately everyone has the potential to effect the people around them and it is vital that this effect is positive if the best team performance is to be achieved .
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
" Chandra 's Universe "
NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory is providing new insights into the frontier of X - ray astronomy .
Play
Station 's new toilet
Space station commander Mike Fincke shows the new U.S. toilet installed aboard the complex .
The astronauts are preparing the station for larger crews beginning in 2009 .
Play
The Phoenix mission
This video provides a recap of the Mars lander Phoenix and the spacecraft 's mission to the frozen northern plains of the Red Planet to dig up samples of the soil and water ice .
Play
" Debrief : Apollo 8 "
This is the story of NASA 's first journey in orbit around the Moon with comments on the significance of the Apollo 8 flight by several prominent Americans .
Play
The Apollo 8 film report
This is the Manned Space Flight Film Report for the mission of Apollo 8 that orbited around the Moon on Christmas in 1968 .
Play
Next Mars rover delayed
Launch of NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory will be postponed from 2009 to 2011 due to hardware development delays .
Play
STS - 126 : Full coverage
More than 200 videos covering shuttle Endeavour 's STS - 126 mission to the space station are archived for viewing .
Play
Daily shuttle highlights
Daily highlights movies from recent space shuttle flights can be seen here .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Secret inspection satellites boost space intelligence ops
BY CRAIG COVAULT
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : January 14 , 2009
In a top secret operation , the U.S. Defense Dept. is conducting the first deep space inspection of a crippled U.S. military spacecraft .
To do this , it is using sensors on two covert inspection satellites that have been prowling geosynchronous orbit for nearly three years .
An artist 's concept shows a DSP satellite deployed in space .
Credit : Northrop Grumman
The failed satellite being examined is the $ 400 million U.S. Air Force / Northrop Grumman Defense Support Program DSP 23 missile warning satellite .
It died in 2008 after being launched successfully from Cape Canaveral in November 2007 on the first operational Delta 4 - Heavy booster .
Since the U.S. is now demonstrating the ability to do such up close rendezvous and inspection of American spacecraft in geosynchronous orbit , it means USAF now has at least a " call up capability " to do the same to non-U.S. spacecraft like those from Russia and China .
The operation , at nearly 25,000 miles altitude , reveals a major new U.S. military space capability , says John Pike who heads GlobalSecurity .
Org , a military think tank .
" There is not much we do in space any more that is really new , but this is really new , " Pike tells Spaceflightnow.com .
Although being used in this operation to obtain data on a failed U.S. spacecraft , such inspections of especially potential enemy spacecraft , is something the Pentagon has wanted to do since the start of the space age , Pike says .
The Orbital Sciences and Lockheed Martin " Mitex " inspection spacecraft involved are part of a classified Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) technology development program .
When initially launched on a Delta 2 from Cape Canaveral in 2006 , the project involved maneuvering around and inspecting each other at geosynchronous altitude .
But there is no unclassified data to indicate whether the two spacecraft may have secretly paid visits to one or more non-U.S. spacecraft in the geosynchronous arc that circles the Earth at about 22,300 miles altitude , much like the Capital Beltway circles Washington , D.C. A U.S. Defense Dept. analyst speaking on deep background says although a visit to a non-U.S. satellite is doubtful , the demonstration will cause concern , especially among Chinese government military analysts in Beijing .
He said they will see the capability as a new U.S. intelligence tool that could theoretically also enable a sneak anti-satellite attack in geosynchronous orbit .
A DSP satellite is pictured here during pre-flight testing .
Credit : Northrop Grumman
One key feature aiding the Mitex spacecraft to fly undetected is they are unusually small -- only about 500 pounds each .
Virtually all modern geosynchronous orbit spacecraft are far larger .
" The Chinese will complain to the international community in Geneva , Switzerland " says Greg Kulacki , Chinese program manager for the Union of Concerned Scientist 's Global Security Program .
They will be concerned about whether a covert U.S. ASAT development could stem from the Mitex system , but also " about how the U.S. is always complaining about the need for transparency in Chinese space operations , but then is itself conducting secret operations like this , " Kulacki says .
At the same time , Chinese engineers will be glad to see the U.S. doing it .
This is because it will also " give Chinese space planners an opening to develop their own similar system " to achieve parity with the U.S. , Kulacki says .
At nearly 25,000 miles high , objects in geosynchronous orbit are too small to be easily seen optically or by radar .
This gives the Defense Dept. concern that China could someday conduct ASAT tests there to follow up on its low altitude ASAT capability demonstrated earlier .
In fact , DSP 23 itself carried a White House - mandated sensor package designed to detect whether rogue nuclear powers like Iran or North Korea were conducting secret nuclear tests in deep space .
That capability , however , has now been lost with the loss of DSP 23 .
But when DSP 23 malfunctioned , it gave the two Mitex satellites a U.S. target to examine that could provide information on why the 2.5 - ton satellite failed .
Imaging of the satellite could possibly show damage from a micrometeorite hit or perhaps a bent antenna .
Radio data obtained up close could also perhaps detect a malfunctioning circuit or computer .
And the exercise of coordinating the Mitex visits to the DSP in itself is valuable to DARPA .
In addition the Delta 2 that launched the Mitex spacecraft from the Cape here was a unique four - stage version that used a new , solar array - equipped upper stage developed at the Naval Research Laboratory ( NRL ) near Washington , D.C.
This new NRL upper stage is itself an important new military space element , that in the future could allow the delivery of small covert spacecraft to geosynchronous orbit .
DSP 23 , the last of a highly successful series flown since 1970 , is only the second one to fail in orbit .
But the DSP is now a ghost ship moving 69 miles per week east along the geosynchronous arc where many other spacecraft are parked .
The USAF is contacting operators who may need to move their spacecraft out of the way of the 5,000 - pound hulk .
If it were to collide with a Russian , Chinese or even European satellite , the crash would cause an international incident in space .
It can not be shot down as was the failed USA 193 reconnaissance satellite , because the debris would stay in the geosynchronous arc .
Details emerging on how the inspection exercise is playing out indicate that the DSP most likely failed around Oct. 8 , when it was supposed to maneuver to tweak its orbital position but did not complete that command .
The spacecraft was , at the time , parked at 8.5 deg .
East longitude over the equator south of Nigeria , where its infrared telescope could scan Russia and China for missile tests and threats .
But when the satellite became uncontrollable from its ground control center , orbital mechanics started moving it east at about 69 miles , or 1 degree , per week .
The two Mitex satellites then became possibly the first " first responders " in space when they were dispatched on emergency runs toward the DSP from their own parking spots on opposite sides of the planet .
These artist 's concepts depict the Orbital - and Lockheed - built Mitex satellites and the Navy upper stage .
Credit : DARPA
The initial Mitex was parked west of DSP 23 over the mid-Atlantic when , during the second week of December , it was commanded to begin to move east around the planet toward the 33 - foot DSP , which by this time was crossing south of Eurasia .
It is not known how close this initial Mitex got to DSP 23 , but their signatures essentially merged starting about Dec. 23 .
This could possibly mean the initial Mitex moved in close to DSP 23 to image it or perform other diagnostic work and could still be keeping watch there .
The second Mitex started its trip from a position much further east of DSP 23 .
It maneuvered west along the geosynchronous arc and flew past the DSP on New Years Day .
It is possible this spacecraft was being prepared to then move back east toward the failed satellite .
Failed or depleted spacecraft like DSP 23 are normally maneuvered higher into a graveyard orbit so they will not be a hazard to other spacecraft holding their positions in the geosynchronous belt .
In a few years , DSP 23 will reach a position on the equator north of Australia where orbital mechanics will start to maneuver the spacecraft back west , where it will travel until reversing the process south of Europe years from now .
It could continue this motion back and forth for thousands of years .
DSP 23 was supposed to bridge the space based U.S. missile warning capability to the lagging Space Based Infrared SBIRS program .
But the USAF is now beginning an emergency procurement for a gap filler spacecraft .
The two Mitex spacecraft have relatively little maneuvering propellant remaining and will likely fly themselves into graveyard orbits in the next few years .
But the inspection of geosynchronous spacecraft remains a high military space priority .
The USAF could theoretically go for an operational direct inspection system like the Mitex satellites for extremely high priority targets .
But it is also procuring the Space Based Surveillance Satellite System now in development by Boeing and Ball Aerospace and set for first launch in April from Vandenberg AFB , Calif .
The SBSS satellites are to be a low altitude system to optically characterize spacecraft maneuvers from a great distance away .
It will have nowhere near the imaging capability of Mitex type spacecraft operating near the target satellite , however .
Primping in Prison Even Bad Boys Need to Groom
After a ruling on Tuesday by Germany 's highest court , male prisoners will now get the same cosmetic allowance currently enjoyed by incarcerated women .
Researchers at Boston University School of Medicine ( BUSM ) have found that one fifth of both U.S. - manufactured and Indian - manufactured Ayurvedic medicines purchased via the Internet contain lead , mercury or arsenic .
Ayurveda is a form of medicine that originated in India more than 2,000 years ago and relies heavily on herbal products .
In India , an estimated 80 percent of the population practices Ayurveda .
In the United States , Ayurvedic remedies have increased in popularity and are available from South Asian markets , health food stores , and on the Internet .
Ayurvedic medicines are divided into two major types : herbal only and rasa shastra .
Rasa shastra is an ancient practice of deliberately combining herbs with metals , minerals and gems .
Ayurvedic experts in India believe that if Rasa Shastra medicines made with metals such as lead and mercury are properly prepared and administered , they will be safe and therapeutic .
Using an Internet search , the researchers identified 25 Web sites featuring 673 Ayurvedic medicines .
They randomly selected and purchased 193 products made by 37 different manufacturers for analyses .
Overall , 20.7 percent of Ayurvedic medicines contained detectable lead , mercury and / or arsenic .
U.S. and Indian manufactured products were equally likely to contain toxic metals .
Rasa shastra compared with non-rasa shastra medicines were more than twice as likely to contain metals and had higher concentrations of lead and mercury .
Among products containing metals , 95 percent were sold by U.S. Web sites and 75 percent claimed Good Manufacturing Practices or testing for heavy metals .
All metal - containing products exceeded one or more standards for acceptable daily intake of toxic metals .
" This study highlights the need for Congress to revisit the way dietary supplements are regulated in the U.S. , " said lead author Robert Saper , MD , MPH , Director of Integrative Medicine in the Family Medicine Department at BUSM .
Saper first published on this topic in December , 2004 ( JAMA ) .
In that study he and his colleagues found 20 % of Ayurvedic medicines produced in South Asia only and available in Boston area stores contained potentially harmful levels of lead , mercury , and / or arsenic .
" Our first priority must be the safety of the public .
Herbs and supplements with high levels of lead , mercury , and arsenic should not be available for sale on the Internet or elsewhere , " he said .
Saper adds , " We suggest strictly enforced , government mandated daily dose limits for toxic metals in all dietary supplements and requirements that all manufacturers demonstrate compliance through independent third - party testing . "
" The medicines which are supposed to cure sickness should not promote another illness due to the presence of toxic materials such as lead , " said co-author Venkatesh Thuppil , PhD , Director of the National Referral Centre for Lead Poisoning in India , as well as a Professor at St. John 's Medical College in India .
Bill Eager is a web technologist , engineering leader , and reckless pontificator .
Twitter , GitHub , LinkedIn
New Language Features in Idiomatic Scud 2.13a2 April 10 , 2020
An in - depth look at what 's new in the latest version of Scud .
Sales in the Time of Coronavirus April 03 , 2020
When life gives you pandemics , SDRs make pandemic -ade .
The True 10 x Engineer July 17 , 2019 Rejecting the stereotype of toxic overperformers in favor of empathic influencers .
Toward the end of an important speech in Washington last month , the president of the American Federation of Teachers , Randi Weingarten , said to her audience :
“ Think of a teacher who is staying up past midnight to prepare her lesson plan ...
Think of a teacher who is paying for equipment out of his own pocket so his students can conduct science experiments that they otherwise could n’t do ...
Think of a teacher who takes her students to a ‘ We , the People ’ debating competition over the weekend , instead of spending time with her own family . ”
Ms. Weingarten was raising a cry against the demonizing of teachers and the widespread , uninformed tendency to cast wholesale blame on teachers for the myriad problems with American public schools .
It reminded me of the way autoworkers have been vilified and blamed by so many for the problems plaguing the Big Three automakers .
But Ms. Weingarten ’s defense of her members was not the most important part of the speech .
The key point was her assertion that with schools in trouble and the economy in a state of near - collapse , she was willing to consider reforms that until now have been anathema to the union , including the way in which tenure is awarded , the manner in which teachers are assigned and merit pay .
It ’s time we refocused our lens on American workers and tried to see them in a fairer , more appreciative light .
Would n't it be great if your cell phone or mp3 player could charge itself ?
What if your house could generate electricity from the noise of the cars on the road ?
Or if the waste heat generated by your air conditioner could help put a dent in that expensive summer electric bill ?
As the demand for cheaper and more renewable energy sources increases , piezoelectrics - a class of material that produces an electric potential when mechanically deformed - may hold the key to unlocking the energy flowing all around us .
Piezoelectrics themselves are not new .
In the early 1800's , Pierre and Jacques Curie demonstrated the piezoelectric properties of some natural crystalline materials , such as quartz and sugar cane .
What they did n't predict ( although they did verify it once Gabriel Lippmann predicted it in 1881 ) was the converse effect - piezoelectric materials deform when a voltage is applied .
Strange Properties : A piezoelectric material produces a voltage when deformed , and deforms when subjected to a voltage , leading to all kinds of practical applications .
The deformation in the diagram is highly exaggerated .
Credit : Wikipedia Commons
Both piezoelectric properties have proven to be very useful for practical applications in the years since their discovery .
In a direct way , they have been used as high accuracy sensors and actuators .
Since a relatively large voltage applied or created by the piezoelectric corresponds to a very small mechanical deformation ( often on the order of picometers / volt ) , piezoelectrics will produce a readable voltage for a very small change in deformation , as is often used in very fine mass balances .
They are also used as nanoscale actuators , since the voltage applied need not be very finely controlled to produce a very accurate deformation .
Less exotic applications also exist : every computer processor uses a piezometric resonator to provide its clock signal .
The constant mechanical deformation of a resonating crystal produces voltage spikes at regular intervals - driving all modern electronic systems .
Recently , however , researchers are trying to exploit piezoelectrics not for their accuracy , but for their power - generation capabilities .
Since World War I , piezoelectrics have been used in sonar systems to detect pressure changes in the water and produce a resulting signal voltage , giving valuable information to their operators .
But what if that sound could be converted directly into power for the electrical grid ?
One could imagine freeway walls and medians covered with panels absorbing the sound of passing cars and trucks and feeding it directly into the grid - fulfilling the dual purpose of reducing freeway noise while simultaneously producing energy .
There are applications of this technology already in place - certain dance clubs in Europe utilize dance floors with piezoelectrics to help power the lights .
What would really be useful to the consumer , however , would be small piezoelectric systems that could assist in powering personal electronic devices .
Tahir Cagin , a professor in the Artie McFerrin Department of Chemical Engineering at Texas A&M University , has made progress in the development of small piezoelectric power generation devices by finding a specific size of crystal where the efficiency of energy conversion increases by 100 % .
Cagin states , " When materials are brought down to the nanoscale dimension , their properties for some performance characteristics dramatically change .
One such example is with piezoelectric materials .
We have demonstrated that when you go to a particular length scale – between 20 and 23 nanometers – you actually improve the energy - harvesting capacity by 100 percent .
" Cagin 's research may pave the way to consumer electronics that charge themselves , or perhaps lead to clothing or shoes that can produce electricity for portable devices .
Additional research , done by Orest Symko and a team of graduate students at the University of Utah , converts waste heat into electricity using piezoelectrics .
Symko's invention takes heat and produces moving air in a small chamber , which in turn produces a sound wave .
The sound wave then hits a piezoelectric material which converts the sound energy into electricity as the sound wave causes it to vibrate .
The devices are only a few inches across , and could be used to collect waste heat from electronics or other cooling systems and convert it back into usable energy .
Now that energy has become such a huge political issue in the world , we can expect to see more research into new ways to harness all the lost energy we can and recycle it .
With any luck , we 'll see cell phones without charging plugs in the near future .
Profiling Tim Cook : More and more analysts and observers are pointing to acting chief executive Tim Cook 's previous accomplishments at Apple in an unofficial vote of confidence in his leadership during Steve Jobs ' health - related absence .
Jobs praised Cook 's " rare combination of experience " when he was hired in 1998 .
Before joining Apple , Cook was vice president for corporate materials at Compaq , heaving spent twelve earlier years as IBM 's director of North American Fulfillment .
He was promoted to Apple COO in October 2005 and has served on Nike 's board of directors since late 2005 .
Cook earned his M.B.A. from Duke University and his bachelor's of science in industrial engineering from Auburn .
" We believe Steve Jobs has put a culture in place to carry on his legacy , " said Barclays analyst Ben Reitzes .
Cook was a virtual unknown when he was plucked from Compaq .
According to a 2006 Wall Street Journal story , Cook is " routinely solicited " for CEO jobs on account of his success at Apple .
As questions swirl about Apple 's leadership plan for when Steve Jobs does someday permanently step down , Cook 's decision to stay at Apple might ultimately see him become Jobs ' successor .
In a research note , Reitzes complimented Cook , 48 , on some " key Apple attributes " that usually are n't associated with Jobs , 53 .
" We credit Cook with spear - heading Apple 's successful efforts to streamline its supply chain after the tech bubble , " he said .
" Tim 's focus on low inventory has contributed to Apple 's industry - leading cash conversion cycle as well . "
Managing Money
A BusinessWeek report provided specifics :
The fiscal year before he arrived [ in 1998 ] , Apple had reported a $ 1 billion loss on sales of $ 7 billion , a drop of more than $ 2.8 billion from the year earlier .
One of the company 's biggest problems was managing its supply chain and product inventory .
With sales dropping , Apple had ordered more components than it needed .
It also had a bad habit of keeping more computers on hand than it could sell quickly , typically a month 's worth .
Cook cut the inventory kept on hand to about a week 's worth , slashing costs , while at the same time tightening distribution channel arrangements .
Cook 's decisions paid off .
By fiscal 1999 , Apple 's gross margins were up 9 % and the company earned a $ 600 million profit despite slumping sales .
The same article compared Jobs and Cook this way , through the words of a former employee : " Steve is the visionary .
Tim is the guy who makes the trains run on time . "
Tim Cook delivers the State of the Mac address in Cupertino this past October .
Managing Innovation
" We would like to note that most [ people ] overlook that the company actually had some hit products while Mr. Jobs was not there that defined the computer industry , " said Kaufman Brothers analyst Shaw Wu , who listed as examples the Macintosh Quadra , QuickTime , PowerMac , PowerBook , and Apple IIgs in his equity research note .
So while Jobs may be the visionary , Gartner analyst Mike McGuire told BusinessWeek not to underestimate Cook in that department , either .
" I do n't know Cook that well , but my guess is he is n't just an ops guy , " said McGuire , who said Apple 's new interim chief will have learned how to launch successful products from being around Jobs for a decade .
" I do n't think you survive at Apple as just an operations guy .
I do n't think you get let into the inner sanctum as just an operations guy . "
While Apple most likely has already lined up most of its early 2009 product announcements , such as Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard , Cook can lean as needed on senior vice president of design Jonathan Ive for advice on new products and senior vice president of marketing Phil Schiller to help sell them .
Jonathan
Ive is one of Apple 's many visionary leaders .
Managing People
Cook is said to be well - liked within Apple and is most often described as " soft - spoken , calm , and less prone to raise his voice , " according to BusinessWeek .
Similarly , the Wall Street Journal reported that while Jobs is known for his " mercurial temper and a sharp tongue " , the Alabama native Cook in contrast has " the courtly demeanor of a Southern gentleman ...
His quiet manner and slow drawl have a disarming effect in a fast - paced environment like Apple . "
" I think he 's wickedly smart and he does n't have a big ego , which is useful at Apple , " said John Landforce , who dealt with Cook for years on an Apple advisory board .
The Journal goes on to describe Cook as " analytical and detail - oriented " , with such a strong memory that he " rarely consults notes when recalling minutiae from past meetings . "
But when things get heated , Cook handles it in a " professional , surgical way " , " staring intensely at his [ shouting ] counterparts in silence " .
He uses humor in public shows of criticism , like the time he handed a toilet plunger to the sales team that underperformed expectations the most .
He 's also single and puts in long hours at Apple after starting his early - morning workouts at 5 a.m. , according to the Journal
Cook 's job is simplified thanks to Apple 's " uncanny ability to attract and hire ' fanatics ' who are entrepreneurial , work hard , and are looking to change the world , " said Wu .
In other words , motivation is mostly built in .
Cook , Jobs & Schiller each received the " Jeans and Dark T's " memo on Oct. 14 | Source : Getty Images .
Investment Outlook
As Cook once again takes the reins , Maynard J. Um of UBS is holding both his Neutral rating and $ 110 price target steady .
" Our fundamental concerns have more to do with end market demand , which we believe would be unchanged regardless of today 's announcement , " he wrote .
Does the arrest of Damian Green mean that we are heading for a police state ?
Was he being arrested merely for doing his job as an MP ?
Article 9 of the 1689 Bill of Rights declares that , " the freedom of speech and debates or proceedings ought not to be impeached or questioned in any court or place out of parliament " .
Privilege , however , extends only to proceedings in parliament , and to the correspondence between MPs and constituents .
It does not extend to other activities that MPs undertake in the course of doing their job .
Further , as Erskine May , the bible of parliamentary procedure declares , " Not everything that is said or done within the precincts forms part of proceedings in parliament " .
A casual conversation in the corridors of Westminster that revealed an official secret would not be protected by privilege .
Parliamentary privilege has never extended to freedom from criminal arrest .
In 1939 , when Captain Ramsay , MP , was detained under wartime defence regulations it was ruled that there had been no breach of privilege .
It would be very odd if , simply because someone was an MP , this were allowed to interfere with the administration of criminal justice .
There would then be one law for MPs and another law for the rest of us .
Some have alleged that the home secretary was using the police to silence a political opponent ; others inconsistently allege that she should have intervened to stop the arrest .
The police , however , are operationally independent , and the less they have to do with politicians the better .
If the police did inform the home secretary before the arrest – and it is not yet clear that they did – Jacqui Smith would simply have replied , " Thank you for informing me " .
Anything more would have been unconstitutional .
The police followed the correct procedure in asking the Speaker , Michael Martin , if they could search Damian Green 's office .
Had the Speaker refused , he could have been accused of condoning suspected wrongdoing .
An MP 's office can not be out of bounds for the police .
Suppose that an MP had committed a theft and had hidden stolen goods in his office .
Would it seriously be maintained that the police should not have a right to search that office ?
If , therefore , the police had genuine reason to believe that Damian Green had been involved in a serious criminal offence , they had a duty to act as they would have done with any other member of the public who had fallen under suspicion .
Of course , the police are themselves as accountable for their actions as other public servants .
The Metropolitan police are accountable both to the home secretary and to Boris Johnson 's Metropolitan Police Authority .
They will , no doubt , be called upon to explain and justify their actions .
But it is absolutely vital to maintain the principle that , apart from proceedings in parliament , MPs are entitled to no special privileges , that they can not be a caste apart .
That , after all , is what constitutional democracy means .
By Rajini Vaidyanathan
BBC News , Washington
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
There may be those who look back on his actions as president unfavourably , but George W Bush stands by his time in office .
" I hope they feel that this is a guy that came , did n't sell his soul for politics , had to make some tough decisions , and did so in a principled way , " he said in a wide - ranging interview with ABC News on Monday .
Wearing a jacket but no tie , President Bush spoke to ABC anchor Charles Gibson in front of a roaring fire at Camp David , looking and sounding relaxed .
Despite low approval ratings and widespread criticism of his policies , he said he would " leave the presidency with my head held high " .
He was not remotely flustered or nervous during the interview ; there were none of the famous " Bushisms " , which dogged his career .
Intelligence failure
When reflecting on his eight years in office , Mr Bush was self - assured and comfortable , and even somewhat candid about the most controversial of topics .
He said he had wished the intelligence on Iraq , which incorrectly suggested the country had weapons of mass destruction ( WMDs ) prior to the US - led invasion in 2003 , had been different .
Mr Bush has always defended his decision to send US troops to Iraq " The biggest regret of all the presidency has to have been the intelligence failure in Iraq , " he said .
" A lot of people put their reputations on the line and said the weapons of mass destruction [ were ] a reason to remove Saddam Hussein . "
Mr Bush , who has always defended his decision to send US troops to Iraq and overthrow Saddam , refused to speculate on whether he would have made the same decision had he known at the time that Iraq had no WMDs .
He also resolutely defended his decision not to have ordered the withdrawal of US troops since then , despite calls for him to do so .
" It would have compromised the principle that when you put kids into harm 's way , you go in to win .
And it was a tough call , particularly , since a lot of people were advising for me to get out of Iraq , or pull back in Iraq , " he explained , " I listened to a lot of voices , but ultimately , I listened to this voice - I 'm not going to let your son die in vain ; I believe we can win ; I 'm going to do what it takes to win in Iraq . "
Expect the unexpected Mr Bush said that what he would miss most about being president was the role of Commander - in - Chief .
I did n't campaign and say : ' Please vote for me , I 'll be able to handle an attack ' ...
In other words , I did n't anticipate war
US President George W Bush But , for someone whose presidency will undoubtedly be defined by his use of military force in Iraq and Afghanistan , he admitted that he was " unprepared for war " before he took office in 2000 .
" In other words , I did n't campaign and say : ' Please vote for me , I 'll be able to handle an attack ' .
In other words , I did n't anticipate war , " he said .
" One of the things about the modern presidency is that the unexpected will happen . "
Unexpected events like the 11 September 2001 attacks and Hurricane Katrina - and his response to them - will also shape the way President Bush is remembered for his time in charge .
" One of the things about the presidency is you deal with a lot of tragedy - whether it be hurricanes , or tornados , or fires , or death - and you spend time being the Comforter - in - Chief , " Mr Bush said .
" But the idea of being able to serve a nation you love is - has been joyful .
In other words , my spirits have never been down .
I have been sad , but the spirits are up . "
' New man '
The president said he was not hurt by the fact both Barack Obama and John McCain had criticised him during the recent election campaign .
Mr Bush has promised to ensure as smooth a handover as possible
He also did not seem too hurt that his successor had already stolen the political limelight from him , even though he will not take office until January .
With just over a month left , Mr Bush said he did not feel Mr Obama was interfering because he was still the president , and still the one making the decisions .
But there was a sense during the interview that when the time comes , he will be only too relieved to hand things over .
" I think it 's going to be real important for me to get off the stage .
We got a new man coming on the stage ; I wish him all the very best , " he said .
" I do n't want to be out there critiquing him , his every move . "
For many presidents and prime ministers , relinquishing power is a strange and lonely concept to deal with .
' Getting Momma coffee '
Mr Bush said he was confident he would adjust to life outside the White House .
I made tough calls - some presidencies have got a lot of tough decisions to make
US President George W Bush
He plans to move back to his home state of Texas and write a book .
He also wants to build an institute at the Southern Methodist University to serve as a non-partisan public policy forum , to debate issues and run volunteer projects from .
" I 'm going to have a lot of time to think .
My day is going to go from getting up early - early , and being at the Oval Office at 6:45 a.m. , and having a lot to do when you get there , to waking up at 6:45 a.m. , getting Momma the coffee - and kind of wandering around trying - what 's next , boss ? " he said .
Asked to describe his high point in his eight years as president , Mr Bush said it was his inauguration in 2004 , after winning a second term in office .
George and Laura Bush plan to move back plans to their home in Texas Many people will have their own assessment , but how others rate his time in charge is not a major concern for the president .
" I 'll be frank with you .
I do n't spend a lot of time really worrying about short - term history .
I guess I do n't worry about long - term history , either , since I 'm not going to be around to read it , " he said .
" But , look , in this job you just do what you can .
The thing that 's important for me is to get home and look in that mirror and say , I did not compromise my principles .
And I did n't . "
" I made tough calls .
And some presidencies have got a lot of tough decisions to make , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Saturn 's largest moon has ' active ice volcanoes '
Saturn 's largest moon may have active ice volcanoes that spew ammonia and methane instead of lava , scientists say .
The international Cassini spacecraft took radar images that point recent to liquid flows on the surface of Titan .
The findings suggest the moon could contain active ' Cryovolcanoes ' , or icy volcanoes .
An artist¿s impression of Ganesa Macula , a mountain on Saturn 's moon Titan believed to be an 'ice volcano ' .
Titan ( with Saturn in the background ) as seen by the Cassini spacecraft .
The moon may have active ice volcanoes
Rosaly Lopes , a Cassini radar team scientist , said : ' Cryovolcanoes are some of the most intriguing features in the solar system .
' To put them into perspective - if Mount Vesuvius had been a cryovolcano , its lava would have frozen the residents of Pompeii . '
Previous flybys and a probe sent to the surface in 2005 suggested ice volcanoes once existed on the moon .
But the latest data ' not only indicate that cryovolcanism has been going on on Titan in the recent geologic past , but might even be going on on Titan today , ' Cassini scientist Jonathan Lunine from Arizona University said .
Titan is one of the few bodies in the solar system with a significant atmosphere .
Scientists believe methane gas breaks up in the atmosphere and forms clouds that rain methane .
The source of the methane remains a mystery .
The location of the two regions that changed in brightness are labelled .
Scientists say these areas could be home to ice volcanoes on Titan
Scientists favouring the volcanic theory say methane eruptions from Titan 's interior could explain the moon 's smoggy atmosphere .
Data from the spectrometer instrument on Cassini found bright spots on two regions on Titan .
In one of the regions , scientists found evidence of ammonia frost that they interpreted as coming from the interior .
The results were presented at an American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco but not everyone is convinced by the evidence .
Planetary scientist Jeff Moore of NASA 's Ames Research Center said the results were intriguing , but inconclusive .
' Something is going on .
Exactly what it is is n't clear , ' he said .
The Cassini spacecraft has been orbiting Saturn and studying its rings and moons since 2004 .
Today NASA revealed the craft had also found evidence of a crust forming on Enceladus .
Enceladus is forming a crust through a process similar to that seen on Earth , NASA scientists say
The process , in which the surface splits and spreads apart is similar to that performed on the Earth , and increases the likelihood of a liquid - water sea beneath the surface .
Carolyn Porco , Cassini 's imaging group team leader told the BBC : ' Bit by bit , we 're accumulating evidence that there is liquid water on Enceladus '
New crusts on Enceladus are created by ' tiger stripes ' , cracks similar to those that split mid-ocean ridges on our own planet .
Dr Paul Helfenstein from Cornell University , who worked on the project said : On Enceladus what we see is a type of spreading but it is strongly asymmetric - it 's like a conveyor belt .
' If it 's true it 's coming up from a convection well , it seems to be only pushing in one direction .
It does happen on Earth , but only in very peculiar situations . '
PR
あるページ（URL）にアクセスすると，自動的にほかのページにジャンプするリダイレクトは，ウェブサイトを構築するうえで非常に重要な仕組みです。しかし，ユーザーの知らないうちにページの移動を行うため，ユーザーを戸惑わせることにもつながりかねません。ユーザーを惑わせないためにはどうしたらいいのか，どういうリダイレクトならユーザーの感覚に合致するのか，ということについて考えて行きましょう。
リダイレクトをして，ほかのページにユーザーを導くという手法は，様々な利用方法があります。例えば，ページのURLを移動したり，サイトごとどこかに移動したりした場合に，移動前のページにアクセスしてきたユーザーを新しいサイトに自動的に移動させたり，アクセス解析や広告のCTR計算のためにクリック数などを取得したりする目的で使われます。携帯からのPC向けのページにアクセスしてきたユーザーを，携帯向けのページに移動させる利用法もよく見かけます。
リダイレクトについては本連載の第22回（「“ 使いやす いURI（URL ）” の設計 -- ページをリソースとして考える」）でも少し取り上げましたが，ここで改めて，その使い勝手について，いくつかのトピックを取り上げてみます。
リダイレクトは誰のためのものか
まずは，SEOに絡む問題です。リダイレクトの仕方については，SEO関係の情報を公開しているサイトで，「効果的にSEOを行うために，無くなってしまったページやURLを変更したページをどう扱うか」ということがよく話題にあがっています。
しかし，こうした話題を見るにつけ，とても微妙な気分になります。というのは，リダイレクトは本来，SEOの観点から行うべきなのではなく，ユーザーの使い勝手を向上させるという観点から行うべきだと思うからです（そういう意味では，SEOで使われているテクニックはみんなそうなんでしょうけど）。少なくともSEOだけでなく，ユーザーにとっては何が一番便利か，という視点を持ってリダイレクトするほうが良いと思っています。
SEOを目的としたリダイレクトの目的は，リンクを「投票」と考える現在の検索エンジンのページ評価の仕組みに基づいています。リダイレクトによって被リンクをあるページに集めたり，古いページの被リンクを新しいページに引き継いだりするわけです（図1）。
MUZAFFARABAD , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - Pakistan shut offices and arrested scores of activists of an Islamic charity , officials said on Friday , as international pressure mounted for firm action against militants blamed for the Mumbai attacks .
Kashmiri supporters of Islamic charity organization Jamaat - ud - Dawa protest in front of a vehicle carrying United Nations officials in Muzaffarabad , capital of Pakistan - administrated Kashmir , December 12 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Abu Arqam Naqash
The overnight raids came after Pakistan said it would abide by a U.N. decision placing Hafiz Saeed , founder of the Lashkar - e - Taiba militant group , on its terrorism sanctions list of people and organisations linked to al Qaeda and the Taliban .
India and the United States have been urging Pakistani action after the Mumbai attack by gunmen that killed 179 people last month .
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte met with Pakistani political leaders and the army chief before going to New Delhi on Friday .
There , he met External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee and National Security Adviser M. K. Narayanan and urged more international cooperation into the investigation .
“ We ’re cooperating in this effort , obviously the government of India is in the lead , but all of our diplomatic partners have a responsibility to contribute to this effort , ” Negroponte said in a statement in New Delhi .
Pakistan said it was investigating links with the Mumbai attack , but that India has not provided any evidence .
“ Our own investigations cannot proceed beyond a certain point without provision of credible information and evidence pertaining to the Mumbai attacks , ” Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said in a televised statement early on Friday .
Washington has kept up diplomatic pressure to keep Pakistani - Indian relations from worsening and Islamabad focused on the war on terrorism .
Pakistan has responded by rounding up some of the 40 people India has demanded be extradited .
MILITANT SWEEP
Saeed , who founded Lashkar in 1990 and officially left the jihadi group in 2001 just days before Pakistan banned it , has been put under house arrest , according to one of his spokesmen .
Three associates were also added to the U.N. list and will be subject to sanctions freezing assets and restricting travel , but a Pakistani TV news channel reported one of them was dead and another had been in a Saudi jail for the past three years .
An intelligence official told Reuters that Maulana Masood Azhar , head of the Jaish - e - Mohammad group blamed with Lashkar for a 2001 attack on India ’s parliament , was also detained .
One close aide of Azhar ’s told Reuters : “ I think they could have detained him to relieve pressure , but I do n’t know the exact whereabouts of the Maulana . ”
In the Pakistani Kashmir capital Muzaffarabad , police raided an office , two schools and a religious seminary run by Jamaat - ud - Dawa ( JuD ) , a charity regarded as a Lashkar front .
The U.N. has put the JuD on its terrorist list too .
Hundreds of supporters and people who recalled JuD ’s work during an earthquake in Kashmir in 2005 protested the raids .
“ Pakistan should revisit its policy of bowing before international pressure immediately , without regard for the pros and cons of its actions , ” Maulana Abdul Aziz Alvi , JuD ’s head in Pakistani Kashmir , told Reuters from house arrest .
Police raided JuD offices elsewhere in Pakistani Kashmir , as well as in several cities including Multan , Bahawalpur , Rahim Yar Khan , Lahore , Karachi and Quetta .
A Jamaat spokesman said 100 workers were arrested in North West Frontier Province alone .
The charity ’s headquarters at a sprawling complex in the eastern town of Muridke appeared deserted .
Officials said the office , schools and hospitals it ran there had shut on Dec. 4 .
A spokesman for Pakistan ’s central bank said late on Thursday that directives had been issued to banks to freeze JuD accounts and assets of the four men added to the U.N. sanctions list .
Television reports said the JuD would be banned though no official announcement has yet been made .
Assistant U.S. Secretary of State Richard Boucher , after meeting Chinese officials in Beijing , said Pakistan ’s moves were “ good steps ” .
“ But you also have to find out who else was trained and what else might they have planned , and so I think we want to keep working with Pakistan and make sure that other threats , other dangers , other terrorists , can be stopped , ” he told reporters .
A Pakistani crackdown on Jaish and Lashkar after the 2001 attack on India ’s parliament was regarded as a sham , and India will be looking for more concrete and lasting steps this time .
( Additional reporting by Asim Tanveer in Multan , Gul Yousafzai in Quetta , Imtiaz Shah in Karachi , Krittivas Mukherjee in New Delhi and Chris Buckley in Beijing )
Бывают моменты , когда нужно быстренько , не копаясь в поисковиках выкачать какой либо компилятор .
А может быть даже скачать компилятор совсем уж “ иноземного языка ” .
По следующим ссылкам собраны базы из огромного колличества компиляторов на любой вкус .
От Basic до brainfuck .
Там вы найдёте любой компилятор , который вам нужен .
www.compilers.net
http://www.idiom.com/free-compilers/
http://www.iecc.com/compilers/
http://www.dunfield.com/downloads.htm
http://www.scriptol.org/
http://www.bloodshed.net/compilers/index.html
Hello World !
+ BONUS !
Программа Hello
World на всех языках программирования . >>
http://www.roesler-ac.de/wolfram/hello.htm
A man who used computer chatrooms obsessively and has been called " Germany 's first internet killer " has gone on trial .
After flirting with more than 300 women online , and meeting many of them , he admits that he met and killed two of the women – one of whom was stabbed 26 times with a bread knife .
Using the pseudonym " Rosenboy " , the accused , a builder named only as Christian G , 27 , spent years scouring the internet for women with whom he hoped to have casual sex .
His defence lawyers said he created an online world that became a substitute for reality .
Yesterday , Christian G told judges in the Ruhr city of Essen that he had killed two of his chatroom acquaintances last summer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
His case has shocked Germany and earned G the nickname " Germany 's first internet killer " in the tabloid press .
In contrast , Armin Meiwes , the German cannibal who was convicted of killing and eating a man in 2004 , advertised for a willing victim on the internet .
Christian G , who appeared in court yesterday with a goatee and close - cut hair , told judges he had killed his first victim , Jessica K , 26 , " by mistake " after the two quarrelled during their initial meeting last June .
Prosecutors alleged he stabbed her with a knife .
Chrstian G claimed to have killed his second chatroom date , a 39 - year - old mother of three called Regina B , 12 days later because she had " provoked " him by asking him for money .
Prosecutors said her corpse had been found with 26 stab wounds which seem to have been inflicted with a bread knife .
In a prepared statement read out by his lawyer , Christian G told the court that , for several years , he had spent most of his free time visiting chatrooms .
" Over the years , I built up at least 300 contacts through these chatrooms .
I met at least a hundred , if not a hundred and fifty , of these women personally , " he said .
" I spent the whole night in these forums and thought of them as my family , " he added .
His lawyer said that , after his arrest last year , Christian G had repeatedly asked for information about what his online contacts had to say about him on chatroom sites once he had been put on trial for murder .
Christian G said he had met Jessica K in her home town of Stade , near Hamburg , in early June last year and had intended to have " sex in the open air " with her .
He said that , during a quarrel that occurred , he had grasped her " tightly by the throat " , and that afterwards she had simply " fallen to the ground . "
However , prosecutors have accused Christian G of killing Jessica K with a knife .
They said that forensic scientists had found traces of her blood on his shoes .
The accused has argued that the blood stemmed from a nose bleed Jessica K had suffered during their brief meeting .
Her body was found two weeks after her death and police said it had been impossible to determine an exact cause of death .
Christian G said he had killed his second victim , Regina B , after he had had sex with her and she had demanded he pay her €500 .
He said that , when he refused , the two had taken Regina B's dachshund for a walk and she then called him a rapist and threatened to bring rape charges against him .
In testimony , Christian G claimed to have suffered a mental blackout when he subsequently attacked her .
" I felt as if I was under remote control , " he said in his statement .
" I can only say that if Regina had not said these things and accused me of being a rapist , she would be alive today , " he said .
The trial continues .
As I leave the house in the morning , I take a quick look around to make sure I 've turned everything off - the stove , the TV , various computers .
Of course , they 're all still running .
( Full article : 852 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
A minibus laden with explosives blew up in a Shiite Muslim neighborhood in west Baghdad on Saturday , killing as many as 24 people and wounding 46 less than a week before the Iraqi government is scheduled to assume responsibility for its security from the United States .
The attack in the Kadhimiya neighborhood , near a popular flea market and bus stop , underscored Iraq ’s continued instability , after days of relative calm .
Despite a significant decline in violence in Baghdad , the threat of random attacks remains .
On Tuesday , U.S. Army Gen. Ray Odierno , the senior American commander in Iraq , warned that armed groups such as Al Qaeda in Iraq are still a threat .
Police said they suspected that a suicide attacker drove the empty bus into the crowded square , then detonated the explosives .
Advertisement
A couple of hours later , city workers were busy clearing the scene , heaping debris , burned clothes and the remnants of vendors booths into the back of a GMC truck .
All that remained of the minibus was a mangled pile of metal .
Broken glass , bits of tire rubber and stray shoes covered the street .
A university professor stood in front of his house nearby , the windows shattered and a piece of car wreckage on the roof .
“ When the explosion took place , I hurried up out of the house , ” said the professor , who identified himself as Qusai , 27 .
“ I saw more than 20 dead bodies .
There were women and children between them .
. . .
I do n’t know who did it , but the goal is to create chaos . ”
Vendor Jameel Athab , 37 , said he had just left his stall to pray when he heard the explosion and saw the smoke .
The bodies , he said , were badly charred , and police carried out the dead and injured in handcarts .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t know why such attacks take place , ” Athab said .
“ Why do they want to hurt the innocent Iraqi people ?
What is the goal ?
If they want to spoil the election , such attacks will not stop [ it ] . ”
Provincial elections are scheduled for Jan. 31 , and some authorities have warned of a possible uptick in violence .
Overall , though , the number of high - profile attacks is down and many Baghdad residents have returned to more normal routines .
Businesses are reopening , restaurants are staying open past dark and more people are out and about .
A year - end study released Saturday by Iraq Body Count , which tracks violent civilian deaths , says that about 9,000 civilians were killed this year -- about 25 civilians per day on average -- or about the same number as in 2003 and 2004 , after the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq .
That is a substantial drop from 2006 , when the average was 76 deaths a day , and 2007 , with 67 a day .
Also Saturday , authorities in Ramadi , the capital of Anbar province , reported that they had tracked down and killed a suspected Sunni Arab insurgent who helped plot a jailbreak Friday that left six police officers and seven detainees dead .
Advertisement
Police described the escapee , Imad Ahmed Farhan , as a mastermind and leader in the group Al Qaeda in Iraq .
“ He held a family hostage , and we were able to free the family , ” Anbar province Police Chief Tareq Yusuf Dulaimi said .
“ The police shot him dead without harming any of the family members . ”
Two men suspected of aiding Farhan were arrested , but two escapees are still being sought , the chief said .
“ We are going to get them very soon , ” he added .
The detainees escaped early Friday after one suspect claimed that he was sick and persuaded a prison guard to open the cell .
When he opened the door , the detainee wrestled away the guard ’s AK - 47 assault rifle and killed him , setting off a deadly riot .
Advertisement
--
kimi.yoshino@latimes.com
Times staff writers Ned Parker and Saif Hameed and a special correspondent in Ramadi contributed to this report .
BOISE , Idaho -- Rick and Noreen Capp recently reduced their credit - card debt , opened a savings account and stopped taking their two children to restaurants .
Jessica and Alan Muir have started buying children 's clothes at steep markdowns , splitting bulk - food purchases with other families and gathering their firewood instead of buying it for $ 200 a cord .
As layoffs and store closures grip Boise , these two local families hope their newfound frugality will see them through the economic downturn .
But this same thriftiness , embraced ...
A Michigan butcher says that having his own wind - power plant could have a positive long - term economic benefit and help to ensure the future sustainability of his family business.[ social_buttons ]
Earl Bosch , owner of Earl ’s Meats in Holland , Michigan , says he would n’t consider himself an environmentalist , but he also says he is looking to alternative energy to power his meat cutting shop .
He ’s not your typical green - power enthusiast .
He ’s 54 year - old butcher with 35 years in the industry , not a treehugging vegetarian .
But he ’s starting to see the light .
Bosch has already purchased solar panels for the roof , and now he ’s ready to invest $ 140,000 in wind turbines in order to fully power his business from green energy sources .
His electric bills last summer were $ 2,300 per month to power the freezers and refrigerators in his shop , so Earl ’s willing to put up the cash for two 20 - kilowatt wind turbines on his property to supply electricity for his shop .
If he succeeds , he may be the first person in his city to be fully powered with green energy .
The Planning Commission in Holland is currently accepting comments on a proposal to allow businesses and homeowners to put up wind turbines on their property to supply some of their power .
The public hearing takes place in January .
Meat is kind of a taboo topic in environmental circles , even with studies showing that meat consumption has a big role in greenhouse gas emissions ( Cows worse than cars ) .
For a butcher to power his meat - cutting operation with green energy , it just makes the line between eco-friendly and greenwashing that much fainter .
Does the wind - energy offset the greenhouse gas emissions from the meat production and consumption ?
What do you think ?
Source : mlive.com
Image : rhosoi at Flickr under Creative Commons License
I mentioned to a friend my wish that , as long as the government is spending money in hopes of boosting the economy , it would spend it on something that has proven to yield very high returns , i.e. , open - source software .
He asked “ How would you decide which projects to fund ?
Most of the funding for software so far has come from the Department of Defense . ”
My proposal would be copied from the way that universities implement their race - based hiring programs for faculty .
Each department in a university is given a fixed number of slots that they can fill by hiring whomever they believe is best qualified to be an assistant professor .
If , however , a department should hire someone whose skin is dark enough to qualify them as a desirable minority , that hire does not count towards their allocation .
In other words , a department with one slot that has found a white or Asian candidate can still hire that person and a favored minority in addition .
This way the university enlists its entire staff in helping with race - based hiring , rather than having one administrator at the top whose job is to find potential professors with the appropriate skin tone .
How can we apply this to open - source software and government agencies ?
It might seem as though each government agency were spending as much money as humanly possible at all times .
Yet in fact each agency has an annual budget and is constrained by that budget .
If we were to set aside a few billion dollars we could say “ Any agency that wants enhancements to existing open - source projects or wants to fund new open - source software can do so with all of the money coming from the central open - source software fund . ”
That way agencies would be encouraged to spend money on open source because any funds spent would n’t come out of their usual budget .
How would it work ?
Suppose that a 30 - person group within the National Park Service wanted a Web - based tool for collaboration amongst themselves and a volunteer organization .
They find that a Drupal module does 85 percent of what they want .
They would hire the developer of that module to add the features .
Those features could be rolled into the public distribution or made available separately to other programmers worldwide .
The money would come from the open - source software fund , no questions asked , rather than the Parks Service budget .
Proper asset management and at least basic financial education are one of the biggest assets you can possess .
It ’s not so expensive or unattainable as most people imagine .
These below mentioned reasons are a paved path to financial hell :
1 ) No financial education .
This is definitely the number one reason why we mess up our financial lives ­ because no one taught us how to manage it !
Come to think of it : who teaches you how to manage your finances ?
The answer is a resounding “ no one ” .
The conventional school we attend does not teach us , neither does business school nor our bosses .
2 ) Leaving your money management to others ( and often , the wrong people ! ) .
Strangely enough , not many people are too concerned about their finances , thinking that others will take care of it for them .
This explains why most of us “ jump shelters ” from our parents to our employers and maybe the government .
We erroneously assume that a “ responsible ” boss or government would help take care of our finances .
In truth , your personal finances are your own responsibility .
How can people expect “ other people ” to take care of them when they do not even want to take care of themselves ?
Also , perhaps the best government can provide the guidance and opportunities but it is still you to take care of your OWN finances .
3 ) Relying on incompetent advisors .
Since many folks do not have the “ know how ” on managing their own finances , they turn in their own financial “ steering wheel ” to so - called “ experts ” such as financial planners , remisiers , and even … insurance salespeople !
Read
While there are genuinely great people among these ranks when it comes to finances , most of them are NOT personal finance gurus .
4 ) Expensive “ free ” advice .
Lousy “ free ” advice cannot only come from your own family members who have never “ been there , done that ” , but they can even come from professionals !
Be careful of people who kept saying “ just my 2 cents worth ” , because in many cases , their advices are more costly than that ­ and you are probably going to pay for it !
As a school of thought , seek advice from people who have truly “ been there , done that ” .
5 ) Greed .
Like any other drug , greed empties our minds of our logic and this is the main reason why some people are throwing in their life savings into the stock market or any “ get rich quick schemes ” without having proper education or at least professional information and guidance .
6 ) Insufficient knowledge .
Investing simply without knowing what you are doing is a financial suicide !
That is like driving a car without knowing how and where to go !
7 ) No priorities in personal finance management .
Even though many folks think that personal finance management is important , they are not treating it just as important , but too lightly in fact .
By the time they realize , it is often too late .
They are either out of time or money or even both .
Creepy !
Another irony is that many others do not want to learn how to manage their finances because they are afraid of being labeled as “ money - faced ” .
How misguided are these people !
No desire to learn and invest in financial education .
Learning how to manage your own finances has never driven you to ignore other important aspects in life and never will !
Instead , it makes you a more matured person .
You will quickly realize that mastering your finances means mastering a bigger portion of the rest of your life , because whether you like it or not , almost everything you do today is related to money in one way or another .
9 ) No specific financial goals .
A wise man once said that if you are not planning to go anywhere , you are guaranteed to get there !
And that seems to be the case with many of us today .
By the way , “ making lots and lots of money ” is not clear enough a goal .
And more often , that is a fantasy rather than a realistic goal worth achieving .
And because most of us do not have proper financial goals , we just wander aimlessly and drift through life .
10 ) “ Following the crowd ” mentality .
Some call it the “ herd ” mentality , too .
Having said that a large percentage of the population is not rich and that wealth is in the hands of the very few , you are probably not doing anything right more than 90 % of the time especially when it comes to your finances and also especially if you are taking other people ’s tip or advice .
A quick tip to get around this is to NOT do what the majority of the crowd is doing , or do exactly the opposite .
That would make you a contrarian at times , but why join everyone else in jumping down from a tall building when you can take a lift down to the ground floor ?
However , in reality , everyone tends to follow the crowd and try to be “ in ” .
We are , after all , social creatures , and we would like to know and be in what is the latest trend and be cool in our own ways .
Nothing wrong with being in the latest trend but believe me , when it comes to managing your finances ­ it is never cool to be broke , even though all of your friends are and they are making fun of you for not joining them .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Video sharing website You Tube is launching a competition to discover new classical musicians .
Billed as an online orchestra , the site wants users to submit videos showcasing their musical talent .
Users have until 28 January 2009 to submit their entries , with a final public vote taking place two weeks later .
The eventual winners will be flown to New York 's Carnegie Hall , to play at a three day classical music summit .
The contest revolves round a piece - commissioned by You Tube - scored by classical composer Tan Dun , better known for his Grammy and Oscar winning music for the movies Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , and Hero .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Users have to perform their own interpretation of Tan Dun 's composition , which does not necessarily mean using a musical instrument .
Musicians can download the score from Dun 's composition and view a video clip of him conducting Talking to the BBC , he said his latest composition was inspired by walking round the streets of New York and hearing the sounds of mechanics .
" The internet is an invisible Silk Road , joining people across the world .
Anyone can download a score of my Internet Symphony No 1 " Eroica " , pick any part of it and play it with any instrument or object , in any style . "
You can use anything , sticks , metal .
Anything can be made to make music or beat a rhythm . "
" Of course , it has to work not only in a solo environment but accompanying other instruments - that 's the challenge , " he said .
The internet is an invisible Silk Road , joining people across the world
Tan Dun
In addition to showcasing their interpretation of Tan Dun 's piece , users also have to perform a famous classical piece , with the two video submissions going to a panel of judges , with a shortlist then selected for a public vote .
" Through the YouTube Symphony Orchestra project , we will explore new ways for music lovers to create new work and learn from one another , " said the projects artistic advisor , the musical director of the San Francisco Symphony , Michael Tilson Thomas .
" Music means so much to different people , in different countries .
It 's not just about the note of music , it 's about discovery . "
The final winners will be flown to New York 's Carnegie Hall to play a three day classical music summit with the Michael Tilson Thomas , which will include playing Tan Dun Internet Symphony No 1 " Eroica " .
" This is a unique opportunity to perform on the world 's most famous stage , " said Carnegie Hall 's executive director Clive Gillinson .
" The creation of the YouTube Symphony Orchestra will be a one - of - a - kind moment in classical music , bringing musicians together in a totally new , modern , and compelling way . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
January 19 , 2009 at 17:40 Tags Python , Qt
The Qt announcement This week Nokia announced that beginning with version 4.5 , Qt will be also licensed with the LGPL .
This is a very important announcement that has been making waves in the open - source community for a few days now .
To understand why it 's so important , one has to have some experience with Qt. Qt began as a GUI library for C++ , but in time turned into a whole programming framework with classes for networking , threads , databases , binary data access , streams , and much more , all cross-platform .
Qt has been commercial and widely used for many years , and grew into a very high - quality library .
Some notable programs developed fully or partly with Qt : Google Earth , Mathematica , VLC Player , KDE , KOffice , Skype and lots of applications on embedded devices .
I 've had the pleasure to use Qt ( in C++ ) before , and have very fond memories from it .
Simply searching this blog for Qt brings up lots of very positive reviews from a few years ago .
I think I can safely say Qt is the best designed framework / API I 've ever used in C++ and probably in any language .
It has a very talented team behind it , and through years of massive use and customer feedback grew into a true gem .
Qt is fun to write in , it 's cross- platform , fun , extremely well documented , simple to use and powerful .
Python , wxPython and PyQt
When I got started with Python a few months ago , I considered the choice of a GUI library , which is important for my work .
After a brief consideration , I 've picked wxPython because it seemed to have a larger user base , and because of Qt 's lack of truly free license ( only commercial and GPL ) .
I 've enjoyed working with wxPython - it's a very good binding to wxWidgets , and the team supporting it is great and dedicated .
Really , thanks for all the hard work , guys !
However , now with the Qt announcement , I could n't help but look at PyQt - the Python binding to Qt. I expect this announcement to eventually turn PyQt to LGPL as well and bring a much larger user base to it , because Qt is a truly wonderful library .
wxPython , it 's not you , it 's me !
It has been a fun few months using you , but I 'm just madly enamored with Qt , and its Python binding is also very good , so I 'm going to switch .
Luckily , it 's not yet too late to switch , as I have n't written too much wxPython code yet .
PyQt , initial impressions PyQt seems like a robust wrapper around Qt itself .
It 's quick , stable and well documented and supported .
In the past few days , I 've reimplemented some basic GUI apps in PyQt to get a feel for it , and managed to integrate Matplotlib into it as well .
I 've also used Pyinstaller to package PyQt apps - the executables are about 9 MB in size and load quickly enough , which is reassuring .
It 's great to see a lot of classes from Qt reflected to Python : QtSvg - SVG decoding and rendering
QtScript - a JavaScript interpreter
QImage
QNetwork
Robust and optimized classes for handling XML
QtWebKit
There are also lots of smaller utility classes that can be very useful : QSettings
QTemporaryFile
QHelpEngine
QSyntaxHighlighter
QFileSystemWatcher
QCompleter Some annoyances :
The need for explicit conversions from QString to Python 's strings , from time to time
The need to specify C++ signatures in some built - in signals when connecting them to slots
Comparison with wx Python
This comparison is by no means complete , and is highly subjective .
Moreover , it 's based on a very limited experience with PyQt ( and not much more with wxPython ) , so take it with a slab of salt .
wx
Python's wins wx's widgets are more native than Qt's , especially on some platforms .
I think this is more a matter of purity than a real impact .
For me , as I write 99 % for Windows , it is n't important at all .
PyCrust - an integrated terminal and shell .
Qt has a couple in the works , none as complete and robust
The wx DLLs are smaller than Qts , so the memory footprint is smaller for wx apps .
Also the executables " compiled " with Pyinstaller / py2exe are smaller .
Much more examples and demos
Currently ( emphasis important ! ) the wxPython user community is larger PyQt 's wins Qt's API is better - more orthogonal and logical .
It 's simpler to intuitively find a needed method or class than in wxWidgets .
Qt itself has a far larger user base than wxWidgets , lots of it commercial .
This definitely reflects on the library 's overall quality , performance and stability .
And since PyQt is rather a thin and efficient layer around Qt , these qualities are important for PyQt applications too .
The graphic drawing and canvas capabilities of Qt are more advanced
As I 've mentioned before , Qt has a huge store of useful classes for various non-GUI needs .
All these classes fit very well together and play nicely with the GUI parts .
I firmly believe the user base for Qt will grow because of the LGPL license , and this will eventually reflect on the user base of PyQt as well .
I find very few reasons for a new developer looking for a Python GUI library not to pick PyQt now .
If I 'll ever need to write C++ GUIs again , I 'll definitely go for Qt , and it will be easy to share knowledge between Python and C++ , because the underlying Qt framework is the same .
Â The world 's tropical rainforests are making a comeback , but young vegetation may not be able to sustain as much diverse wildlife or lock up nearly as much climate - warming carbon dioxide as old trees did , scientists report .
The rainforest debate has raged publicly for decades , and more recently has been the subject of behind - the - scenes ferment among conservation scientists .
It is the main topic of a Smithsonian symposium on Monday at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History in Washington .
These discussions are taking place as the international community is trying to figure out how to stem global warming .
Because tropical forests sequester the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide , they are considered an essential part of the solution .
About 135,000 square miles ( 350,000 square kilometers ) of the original forested areas that were cut down by humans are growing back , according to Greg Asner of the Washington - based Carnegie Institution , a presenter at the symposium .
That is only 1.7 percent of the original forest .
This regrowth is relatively quick , with the shady forest canopy closing in after just 15 years as trees grow taller and denser , offering habitat for creatures adapted to just this environment , such as birds with huge eyes able to see in the leafy gloom .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The basic question -- will rainforests survive ? -- has been complicated by research by Joseph Wright of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama and Helene Muller - Landau of the University of Minnesota .
RAINFORESTS RETURN AS PEOPLE LEAVE
These two scientists reported that the future of tropical forests may not be as bleak as other conservation experts warn , mostly because people who once lived in or near these forests are moving away , mostly toward cities , allowing vegetation to grow .
Using United Nations projections of population growth , Wright and Muller - Landau predicted in a 2006 journal article that " large areas of tropical forest cover will remain in 2030 and beyond , and thus that habitat loss will threaten extinction for a smaller proportion of tropical forest species than previously predicted . "
Keeping a wide range of tropical rainforest species is important as a source for potential pharmaceuticals and disease - resistant crops .
The prevailing scientific prediction is that up to half of all species may be lost in the coming decades .
But these young forests can't support what the old - growth forests did , said William Laurence , also of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Center .
From the Amazon in South America to the tropical woodlands of Africa and Southeast Asia , human beings have destroyed as much as 4.6 million square miles ( 12 million sq km ) of rainforest , about half of the original tropical forests on the planet .
These forests are disappearing at the rate of 50 football fields a minute , or 32 million acres ( 13 million hectares ) a year , Laurence said in a telephone interview before the conference .
" There 's just no way that secondary forests are going to capture a lot of the biodiversity and critical ecosystem , " Laurence said .
" They 're also much more vulnerable to fire . "
Laurence also argues that people used to clear rainforest for small - scale farming , but this is being supplanted by more destructive large - scale industrial agriculture , logging and mining .
( Editing by Philip Barbara )
Reprehensor
9/11 Blogger
January 5 , 2008
( James Bamford has done another great deed for the public by revealing the extent of the NSA ’s wiretapping on U.S. soil , and how the NSA sub - contracts the vast majority of its work to Israeli high - tech firms bristling with “ former ” Israeli military intelligence agents , and in the case of Verint , a company with serious corruption issues .
It was Bamford who popularized the existence of Operation Northwoods in his 2001 book , Body of Secrets .
In The Shadow Factory , he sheds light in the secret rooms of Verizon and AT&T , and shows the NSA to be a very poor custodian of the nation ’s security . )
Bamford Brings the Goods
On October 14 , 2008 , James Bamford talked about some of the shocking research in his new book on Democracy Now ! , with Amy Goodman ;
( Continued below the fold … )
Along with the mass surveillance being conducted on all U.S. users of AT&T and Verizon by Narus and Verint , ( according to Bamford ) , two other Israeli - owned companies , Amdocs and NICE Systems , have their fingers in the wiretapping pie as well .
Christopher Ketcham preceded Bamford in September , with with the article “ Trojan Horse ” , that focuses on Verint , Amdocs , and CALEA ( the legislation which brought all of these problems into existence ) ;
“ Together , Verint and Amdocs form part of the backbone of the government ’s domestic intelligence surveillance technology .
Both companies are based in Israel – having arisen to prominence from that country ’s cornering of the information technology market – and are heavily funded by the Israeli government , with connections to the Israeli military and Israeli intelligence ( both companies have a long history of board memberships dominated by current and former Israeli military and intelligence officers ) .
Verint is considered the world leader in “ electronic interception ” and hence an ideal private sector candidate for wiretap outsourcing .
Amdocs is the world ’s largest billing service for telecommunications , with some $ 2.8 billion in revenues in 2007 , offices worldwide , and clients that include the top 25 phone companies in the United States that together handle 90 percent of all call traffic among US residents .
The companies ’ operations , sources suggest , have been infiltrated by freelance spies exploiting encrypted trapdoors in Verint / Amdocs technology and gathering data on Americans for transfer to Israeli intelligence and other willing customers ( particularly organized crime ) …
None of US law enforcement ’s problems with Amdocs and Verint could have come to pass without the changes mandated by the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement
Act of 1994 , which , as noted , sought to lock spyware into telecom networks .
CALEA , to cite the literature , requires that terrestrial carriers , cellular phone services and other telecom entities enable the government to intercept “ all wire and oral communications carried by the carrier concurrently with their transmission . ”
If Ketcham and Bamford are correct , ( so far , no lawsuits ) , then the National “ Security ” Agency has thrown the “ National Security ” of the United States under the bus .
Amdocs and NICE
The two companies that should be getting extra scrutiny from 9/11 researchers are Amdocs , and NICE Systems .
Both have direct links to 9/11 via the milieu known as the “ Israeli DEA Groups ” .
To date , the best report on the DEA Groups was assembled by retired international lawyer , Gerald Shea ; you can download the report from Antiwar.com .
I consider Shea ’s report the best so far , because it is high on content , and low on speculation , and , it names names .
The content is damning .
Consider the following graph from Shea which places the DEA Groups in the same general vicinity as the alleged 9/11 hijackers , in the time period running up to 9/11 ;
Shea notes the Amdocs and NICE connections in his report ;
“ Tomer Ben Dor ( mentioned above ) , another Israeli of interest to the DEA , was an employee of Nice - Systems Ltd. , an Israeli company specializing in systems and solutions for detecting , locating , monitoring , evaluating and analyzing voice communications and other transmissions from a variety of sources–activities commonly known as wiretapping and electronic eavesdropping .
Nice - Systems ’ U.S. subsidiary , Nice Systems Inc. , is located in Rutherford , New Jersey , adjacent to East Rutherford where five members of the Israeli New Jersey group were arrested on September 11 .
When Mr. Ben Dor was interrogated by the INS at the DFW Airport in May 2001 , an inspection of his bags revealed a printout containing a reference to a file entitled “ DEA Groups . ”
One member of the Israeli DEA Groups , Michal Gal , who was arrested in Irving , Texas ,18 was released on a $ 10,000 cash bond posted by Ophir Baer , an employee of Amdocs , Inc. an Israeli telecommunications firm with operations in the United States .
The Amdocs employee described Mr. Gal as a “ relative ” .
Shea makes a distinction between the DEA Groups , and the New Jersey Group detained on 9/11 , where two of the 5 Israelis arrested were later identified as Mossad agents .
The Mossad connection was discussed on Democracy Now ! in February of 2007 ;
Shea on the Mossad connection , and some more on Nice systems ;
“ The vans in the operations of both Israeli Groups were able to move about neighborhoods without raising undue concern .
The “ art students ” in the Israeli DEA Groups were using their vans as sometime door - to - door salesmen .
The personnel of Urban Moving Systems , the Mossad front , were ostensibly driving about northeastern New Jersey towns in their van ( or vans ) to help people move — a familiar suburban sight .
With ample room for personnel and electronic equipment , the vans were ideal vehicles for electronic eavesdropping .
The extent to which Nice Systems , the Israeli wiretapping company for which Tomer Ben Dor worked ( the Israeli with the reference to “ DEA Groups ” in his computer files ) will be a matter for the public inquiry .
Nice Systems was ideally suited to provide equipment and expertise to the Israeli New Jersey Group because its U.S. headquarters were located in Rutherford , New Jersey , near the center of the Group ’s operations . “
James Bamford was introduced to NICE Systems at the 2006 Intelligence Support System World Conference or informally … the Wiretappers ’ Ball , held in Crystal City , along the Potomac .
Bamford writes ;
“ The large Israeli firm NICE , like Verint and Narus , is also a major eavesdropper in the U.S. , and like the other two , it keeps its government and commercial client list very secret .
A key member of the Wiretappers ’ Ball , it was formed in 1986 by seven veterans of Unit 8200 , according to the company ’s founder , Benny Levin .
“ We were seven people from the Unit , ” he said , “ we all worked on a project for more than four years , we knew each other very well .
We had very good complementary skills . ”
Like a page out of Orwell , all their high - tech bugging systems are called “ Nice ” .
Nice Perform , for example , “ provides voice content analysis with features such as : word spotting , emotion detection , talk pattern analysis , and state - of - the - art visualization techniques . ”
Nice Universe “ captures voice , email , chat , screen activity , and essential call details . ”
Nice Log offers “ audio compression technology that performs continuous recordings of up to thousands of analog and digital telephone lines and radio channels . ”
And Nice VoIP “ can use both packet sniffing and active recording methods for recording VoIP sessions ( both by telephone and internet ) . ” *
“ Former ” Israeli military intelligence personnel are scattered throughout the high - tech wiretapping industry .
And this fact , ( along with Bamford ’s new book ) , prompted Israeli journalist Yossi Melman to ask this rhetorical question in Haaretz , “ Is Israel ’s booming high - tech industry a branch of the Mossad ? ” .
NSA Domestic Spying Began Before 9/11
The NSA ’s domestic spying operation began no later than February , 2001 ;
“ Within eleven ( 11 ) days of the onset of the Bush administration , and at least seven ( 7 ) months prior to the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , defendant ATT began development of a center for monitoring long distance calls and internet transmissions and other digital information for the exclusive use of the NSA .
The center was put into development by ATT following a proposal by the NSA for the construction and development of a network operations center identical to ATT ’s own network operations center located in Bedminster , New Jersey for the exclusive use of the NSA .
The NSA proposal was accepted by the ATT sales division and referred to ATT Solutions , an ATT project development division situated in Florham Park , New Jersey …
Said data center would enable the NSA to tap into any phone line and to monitor any digital transfer of information on ATT ’s networks including voice telephone calls , facsimile transmission and all internet traffic . ”
The NSA ’s early 2001 involvement with expanded domestic wiretapping is confirmed by the former CEO of Qwest ;
“ Defendant Joseph P. Nacchio … respectfully renews his objection to the Court ’s rulings excluding testimony surrounding his February 27 , 2001 meeting at Ft. Meade with representatives from the National Security Agency ( NSA ) as violative of his constitutional right to mount a defense .
Although Mr. Nacchio is allowed to tell the jury that he and James Payne went into that meeting expecting to talk about the “ Groundbreaker ” project and came out of the meeting with optimism about the prospect for 2001 revenue from NSA , the Court has prohibited Mr. Nacchio from eliciting testimony regarding what also occurred at that meeting .
[ REDACTED ]
The Court has also refused to allow Mr. Nacchio to demonstrate that the agency retaliated for this refusal by denying the Groundbreaker and perhaps other work to Qwest .
By being prevented from telling his full story to the jury or from fully and properly cross-examining any rebuttal witnesses , Mr. Nacchio has been deprived of the ability to explaoin why – after he came out of the February meeting with a reasonable , good faith , expectation that Qwest would be receiving significant contracts from NSA in 2001 … Qwest was denied significant work …
There was a feeling also , that the NSA acted as agents for other government agencies and if Qwest frustrated the NSA , they would also frustrate other agencies .
As this clip featuring Bamford on Charlie Rose shows ( 1984 ) , the CIA and the U.S. intelligence community in general would be the “ other agencies ” in question ;
The DEA began to receive reports about the Israelis in January of 2001 , with peak activity by the Groups occurring in February and March of 2001 ;
“ In January , 2001 , the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , Office of Security Programs ( IS ) , began to receive reports of Israeli art students attempting to penetrate several DEA Field Offices in the continental United States .
Additionally , there have been reports of Israeli art students visiting the homes of numerous DEA employees .
These incidents have occurred since at least the beginning of 2000 , and have continued to the present .
The number of reported incidents increased in November / December 2000 , and has continued to date .
These incidents have involved several other law enforcement and Department of Defense agencies , with contacts made at other agencies ’ facilities and the residences of their employees .
Geographically , these incidents are very widespread , ranging from California to Florida .
The majority of the incidents have occurred in the southern half of the continental U.S. with the most activity reported in the state of Florida .
Since April 2001 , the number of reported incidents has declined , however , the geographic spread of the incidents has increased to Wisconsin , Oklahoma , and Los Angeles .
The activities of these Israeli art students raised the suspicion of IS and other field offices when attempts were made to circumvent the access control systems at DEA offices , and when these individuals began to solicit their paintings at the homes of DEA employees .
The nature of the individuals ’ conduct , combined with intelligence information and historical information regarding past incidents involving Israeli Organized Crime , leads IS to believe the incidents may well be an organized intelligence gathering activity .
It is believed by IS that these incidents should not be the basis for any immediate concern for the safety and security of DEA personnel , however , employees should continue to exercise due caution in safeguarding information relating to DEA investigations , or activities …
In general , these individuals appear to be organized in teams of 8 to 10 people , with one person described as the “ Team Leader ” .
They are usually encountered in pairs or individually carrying a makeshift art portfolio .
Several times , they have , been seen or admitted to being dropped off in an area by the Team Leader , who returns later to pick them up .
The females are usually described as very attractive , and all are generally in their early to mid-20s .
Most admit to having served in the Israeli Military .
This is not surprising given the mandatory military service require in Israel , however , a majority of those questioned has stated they served in military intelligence , electronic signal intercept , or explosive ordinance units .
Some have been linked to high - ranking officials in the Israeli military .
One was the son of a two - star general , one served as the bodyguard to the head of the Israeli Army , one served in a Patriot missile unit .
That these people are now traveling in the U.S. selling art seems not to fit their background .
Their stories are remarkable only in their consistency .
At first , they will state that they are art students , either from the University of Jerusalem , or the Bezalel Academy of Arts in Jerusalem .
Other times they will purport to be promoting a new art studio in the area .
When pressed for details as to the location of the art studio or why they are selling the paintings , they become evasive .
Some claim to be the artist who painted the artwork , others claim they promoting the work of others or of Israel .
Information has been received which indicates the art is actually produced in China .
When told that they cannot solicit on federal facilities , they will claim that the paintings are not for sale , but that they are soliciting interest in the paintings , either for an art studio or for a future art sale …
When encountered at residences , some of these individuals are persistent in trying to get inside the home .
Some have asked to use the telephone when leaving .
Some employees have reported that they came only to their house , while others have reported that the students approached the entire neighborhood . ”
Questions , again …
Why is NONE of this information in the 9/11 Commission Final Report ?
Did the NSA sub - contract NICE Systems and other Israeli wiretappers to monitor the alleged 9/11 hijackers ?
And does this in turn explain why the Israelis were simply deported for “ immigration ” violations ?
How could the Israelis be in such uncanny proximity with the alleged hijackers without MASSIVE foreknowledge of their plans , identities , and locations ?
Is possible collusion between NSA and the Israelis only the tip of the iceberg ?**
And will further digging reveal operational relationships between the Israelis and other U.S. intelligence services or Private Military Contractors ( PMCs ) ?
Is the “ Wiretappers ” story merely very complex cover for the actual activities of the Israelis , including far more destructive uses of moving vans ?
Or , are stories about explosives being linked to the Urban Moving Systems vans clever disinfo to lead away from HUMINT and SIGINT being conducted by the Israelis ?
Were the Israelis merely shepherds , keeping an eye on U.S. intel assets , assets that had been tagged for a future activity ?
If the Israelis are our friends … why did n’t they stop the hijackers ?
Perhaps the quote attributed to one of the New Jersey Israelis explains it best ( see Shea ’s memo ) ;
“ We are Israeli .
We are not your problem .
Your problems are our problems .
The Palestinians are the problem . ”
* Bamford , James .
2008 .
The Shadow Factory .
New York : DOUBLEDAY .
** See also : The USS Liberty and U.S. / Israeli Covert Cooperation .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Paramedics said that when they arrived it was unclear whether the attacker had left .
" It is very difficult to do your job when you think that in two minutes he could be on my back and put a knife in my back , " said Filip Mannaert .
A Christian bus driver in Southampton has refused to take to the road in a vehicle emblazoned with an advertisement for a new campaign promoting atheism .
Ron Heather , 62 , told managers at First Bus that his beliefs would not permit him to drive a bus carrying the message : " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . "
The advertisements , initially suggested in a guardian .
co.uk article by the comedy writer Ariane Sherine , first appeared on London buses and are now being placed on 800 vehicles around the country in a campaign organised by the British Humanist Association .
First Bus has made arrangements to accommodate Heather 's beliefs , attempting to ensure he does not drive any of the buses carrying the advertisement .
" When I first saw the bus last Saturday I was shocked , " Heather said .
" I was just about to board and there it was staring me in the face .
My first reaction was horror .
I 'd heard about this silly campaign in London but I had no idea it was coming to Southampton .
I had certainly hoped they were not coming here because I did n't want to make a stand .
" I was in a dilemma but I felt strongly I could n't drive that bus and so I went up to my inspectors and told them there was no way I could drive it .
They said they did n't have another one , so I thought I 'd better go home . "
First Bus had been " very good " and was doing its best to ensure he did not have to drive any of the buses , he said .
However , if the atheist campaign continued beyond its scheduled run to the end of February " I will seriously consider giving up my job " .
A spokesman for First Bus said the company took no stance on any legal advertisements placed on its vehicles but recognised the strength of Heather 's feelings and was " doing what we can to accommodate his request not to drive the buses concerned " .
The spokesman added : " Mr Heather accepts though that he may need to drive one of these buses if no other vehicle is available for him . "
The £ 140,000 advertising campaign , backed by a number of leading atheists and secularists , among them Richard Dawkins , was launched on January 6 , with the money raised by a fundraising drive .
Sherine raised the idea in a comment article in June last year , after seeing advertisements espousing Christian views on London buses .
She argued that she found the faith 's threat of hell and damnation alarming .
Within days of the adverts appearing , more than 100 people complained to the Advertising Standards Authority , among them Stephen Green , head of the campaign group Christian Voice .
" It is given as a statement of fact and that means it must be capable of substantiation if it is not to break the rules , " he said .
" There is plenty of evidence for God , from people 's personal experience , to the complexity , interdependence , beauty and design of the natural world .
Chinese fraudsters used hidden cameras and microphones to help immigrants cheat on their ' Britishness ' exams
It looked like the kind of hitech kit you ’d find in a James Bond movie – a shirt with tiny
buttonhole cameras sewn in , a microphone and a small earpiece .
Yet this was no spy film but part of a sophisticated scam to help Chinese immigrants cheat their ‘ Britishness ’ exams and stay in the UK .
Husband - and - wife team Steven Lee and Rong Yang would give the equipment to fellow countrymen and sit in a car outside transmitting the test answers via radio airwaves .
Steven Lee and Rong Yang were rumbled when a member of the public saw wires in the car and alerted the police
The scheming couple , who were paid £ 1,000 for each test pass , were rumbled in March when a member of the public walked past their BMW 3 series , saw wires coming out from under the bonnet into the car and called police .
Baffled officers found the wires led to laptops , radio transmitters and other surveillance equipment in the car and suspected that the pair were involved
in cash machine fraud .
Lee , 36 , and Yang , 28 , claimed that they were using the top - of - the - range
gear – worth thousands of pounds – to watch Chinese TV channels .
It was only when another man , En Zhuang , arrived at the scene outside Wimbledon library in South - West London that the scam was exposed .
He told police that he had been in the middle of taking his immigration ‘ knowledge of life ’ test when Lee and Yang told him that officers were searching the car and ordered him to dump the shirt , microphone and earpiece .
Zhuang , who had £ 1,000 with him , left the kit at a nearby shop before returning to the car .
He explained to police in interview that the pair would help the person taking the
exam – who may be unable to speak , read or write English .
The husband and wife team would give the equipment to fellow countrymen and sit in a car outside transmitting the test answers via radio airwaves .
This would involve directing them via the earpiece to move their body so the camera could view the exam paper .
This would then transmitted back to Lee and Yang who would tell the person taking the test which box to tick .
The couple , both British citizens who live in a £ 600,000 home in Redhill , Surrey , have
made a fortune from the racket and detectives suspect they may be involved in other immigration scams .
It is believed to be the first court case of its kind though police think the scam could be
rife across the country .
Once it had been established that the pair were cheating the immigration system , the case was passed to the Metropolitan police ’s Operation Swale – a dedicated team of officers who work with the Borders and Immigration Agency to tackle immigration crime .
Lee and Yang were sentenced to eight months in prison at Kingston Crown Court this
week for three counts of facilitating a breach of immigration law .
Zhuang and 52 - year - old Ka Hung Pang , who was in the car when police arrived and had taken his immigration test earlier that day , were sentenced to 180 hours ’ community work for deception in seeking leave to remain in the UK .
A police spokesman said : ‘ We are now using the Proceeds of Crime Act to seize substantial amount of assets from Lee and Yang . ’
The ‘ Life in the UK ’ immigration tests were introduced last year and are intended to prove that migrants are suitable to be citizens .
You guys are gonna help me win an argument .
Not more than an hour or two ago , good buddy Hitogoroshi sent us this side by side comparison of a Yoko cosplayer and her pillowy counterpart .
Like any time similarly themed things are near each other ( ice cream , books , twins ) we began an immediate dialog over which one of these two we preferred .
Much to my astonishment , favoritism was show to the pillow .
Now I 'm not going to single out anyone other than Brad , but I was really surprised by this .
I dunno if its because most people prefer the perfectly impossible proportions of a two dimensional figure , but I , like Mike , would take the 3d equivalent and pay her for rambunctiously cuddling buy her a very , very nice dinner ... before rambunctiously cuddling her brains out .
( Thanks Hitogoroshi ! )
Oil Emperor of Dune / ANIMATION
This piece was a breakthrough for me , in terms of trying to extract a pretty visual from Flash .
I made this in Macromedia Flash 4 - not CS4 , but Flash 4 ; and it was no easy thing !
" The UN General Assembly on social and humanitarian issues has adopted a draft resolution proposed by Russia on tackling a rise in the glorification of Nazism and the desecration of WWII monuments .
The resolution was passed with 122 countries voting in favor , while 54 delegations abstained , including Ukraine , Estonia and Latvia .
Only the U.S. voted against "
" The UN General Assembly on social and humanitarian issues has adopted a draft resolution proposed by Russia on tackling a rise in the glorification of Nazism and the desecration of WWII monuments .
The resolution was passed with 122 countries voting in favor , while 54 delegations abstained , including Ukraine , Estonia and Latvia .
Only the U.S. voted against .
" You read it right : NAZI USA SUPPORTS THE GLORIFICATION OF NAZISM AND THE DESECRATION OF WW2 MONUMENTS .
This glorification of fascism has nothing to do with opposing Stalin 's crimes .
The Soviet people united and defeated the Nazis DESPITE STALIN , as the Nazis invaded their country , causing the Soviet people to call WW2 the Great Patriotic War .
They lost some 20 million Soviet citizens .
TThe heroism of the Red Army and the Soviet people in saving more Soviet Jews than expected , defeating the Nazis in the turning point of the war , the Battle of Stalingrad ( before American Lend - Lease aid arrived ) and being the first to enter Berlin , beating the American " second front " by 110 miles in the race to Berlin , with a woman Red Army major planting the Red Flag in Berlin , is applauded by all anti-fascists around the world , including in the USA .
We are horrified at the fascist US government .
Here is more from the 11/19/08 article , " UN adopts Russian proposed anti-Nazi resolution " at " The draft resolution on " combating racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance , " is aimed at tackling the practice in the former Soviet republics of Latvia and Estonia of honoring SS veterans who fought for Nazi Germany during WWII . " " Nazi monuments are unveiled in a ceremonial atmosphere and the dates of liberation from the Nazis are proclaimed as days of mourning , " Russia 's UN representative , Grigory Lykyantsev , told the UN , adding that " this attitude towards anti-fascist veterans plays into the hands of those who call for ' a pure race . '" " Parades in honor of Waffen - SS veterans , involving veterans from the Latvian Legion and the 20th Estonian SS Division and their supporters , are held annually in Latvia and Estonia .
Russia has repeatedly criticized the Baltic States for allowing these parades to take place .
"
" The dismantling in Tallinn of the Soviet war memorial , the Bronze Soldier , just before the May 9 , 2007 Victory Day celebrations in Russia led to street protests in which over 1,000 people were arrested and one Russian national was killed . "
Animator Nina Paley 's brilliant film , " Sita Sings The Blues , " has been wowing the festival circuit but you 're probably not going to see it anytime soon .
That 's because the company that controls the synch rights to the 80 + year old music in the film want so much money for licensing that Paley can't afford to distribute her movie , despite all the critical acclaim .
Question Copyright has a 42 - minute interview with Paley on the heartbreak of having to strangle her acclaimed art .
After pouring three years of her life into making the film , and having great success with audiences at festival screenings , she now can't distribute it , because of music licensing issues : the film uses songs recorded in the late 1920's by singer Annette Hanshaw , and although the recordings are out of copyright , the compositions themselves are still restricted .
That means if you want to make a film using these songs from the 1920s , you have to pay money – a lot of money .
It 's a classic example of how today 's copyright system suppresses art , effectively forcing artists to make creative choices based on licensing concerns rather than on their artistic vision .
The music in Sita Sings The Blues is integral to the film : entire animation sequences were done around particular songs .
As Nina says in the interview , incorporating those particular recordings was part of her inspiration .
To tell her – as many people did – to simply use different music would have been like telling her not to do the film at all .
And that 's part of her point : artists " internalize the permission culture " , which in turn affects the kinds of art they make .
How Copyright Restrictions Suppress Art : An Interview With Nina Paley About " Sita Sings The Blues "
( Thanks , Karl ! )
Bush : ' I Did Not Compromise My Principles '
The president tells Charlie Gibson that he leaves office with " head held high . "
Dec. 1 , 2008  --
Looking back on his eight years in the White House , President Bush pinpointed incorrect intelligence that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction as the " biggest regret of all the presidency . "
" I think I was unprepared for war , " Bush told ABC News ' Charlie Gibson in an interview airing today on " World News . "
" In other words , I did n't campaign and say , ' Please vote for me , I 'll be able to handle an attack , ' " he said .
" In other words , I did n't anticipate war .
Presidents -- one of the things about the modern presidency is that the unexpected will happen . "
Bush , who has been a stalwart defender of the war in Iraq and maintaining U.S. troop presence there , said , in retrospect , the war exceeded his expectations .
" A lot of people put their reputations on the line and said the weapons of mass destruction is a reason to remove Saddam Hussein , " Bush said .
" It was n't just people in my administration .
A lot of members in Congress , prior to my arrival in Washington , D.C. , during the debate on Iraq , a lot of leaders of nations around the world were all looking at the same intelligence . "
" I wish the intelligence had been different , I guess , " Bush said .
When pressed by Gibson , Bush declined to " speculate " on whether he would still have gone to war if he knew Saddam did n't have weapons of mass destruction .
" That is a do - over that I can't do , " Bush said .
Despite failed intelligence and accusations of mismanaging the war , Bush said his decision not to prematurely withdraw troops from Iraq was grounded in his values .
" I listened to a lot of voices , but ultimately , I listened to this voice : I 'm not going to let your son die in vain , " he said .
" I believe we can win .
I 'm going to do what it takes to win in Iraq . "
Bush said that one of his biggest disappointments was the failure to pass a comprehensive bill on immigration reform .
" I firmly believe that the immigration debate really did n't show the true nature of America as a welcoming society , " he said .
" I fully understand we need to enforce law and enforce borders .
But the debate took on a tone that undermined the true greatness of America , which is that we welcome people who want to work hard and support their families . "
Bush : Serving as President ' Joyful '
Reflecting on his time in the Oval Office , Bush said that he hopes to be remembered as a president who made difficult decisions in a principled way and " did n't sell his soul for politics . "
He also spoke about his role as the " comforter in chief . "
" The president ends up carrying a lot of people 's grief in his soul , " he said .
" One of the things about the presidency is you deal with a lot of tragedy -- whether it be hurricanes , or tornadoes , or fires or death -- and you spend time being the comforter in chief , " Bush said .
" But the idea of being able to serve a nation you love is -- has been joyful .
In other words , my spirits have never been down .
I have been sad , but the spirits are up . "
Bush underscored his reliance on his values to guide him through tough moments .
" The thing that 's important for me is to get home and look in that mirror and say , ' I did not compromise my principles , ' " he said .
" And I did n't .
I made tough calls .
And some presidencies have got a lot of tough decisions to make . "
Bush said that he regrets that he was unable to change the partisan tone in Washington -- one that permeated his presidency .
" I did n't go into this naively ; I knew it would be tough , " he said .
" But I also knew that the president has the responsibility to try to elevate the tone .
And , frankly , it just did n't work , much as I 'd like to have it work . "
" 9/11 unified the country , and that was a moment where Washington decided to work together , " he said .
" I think one of the big disappointments of the presidency has been the fact that the tone in Washington got worse , not better . "
Nevertheless , Bush said that he felt his administration brought significant change to Washington , with reforms like the No Child Left Behind education policy , and international relief efforts such as the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and the Malaria Initiative .
President Bush said that his administration responded promptly to the economic crisis .
" When you have the secretary of the Treasury and the chairman of the Fed say , ' If we do n't act boldly , we could be in a depression greater than the Great Depression , ' that 's an ' uh - oh ' moment , " he said .
Through government action such as the Troubled Assets Relief Program , Bush insisted that the government has taken the necessary first steps towards economic recovery .
" Slowly but surely , the system is becoming unthawed , and it 's going to take time for the system to become unthawed , " he said .
" What the American people have got to know is we 've taken the steps to unthaw it , which is the first step to recovery . "
" The American people got to know that we will safeguard the system , " he said .
" I mean , we 're in .
And if we need to be in more , we will . "
While many have cast blame on the Bush administration for mishandling the economy , the president said he did not have feelings of guilt for the financial collapse .
" You know , I 'm the president during this period of time , but I think when the history of this period is written , people will realize a lot of the decisions that were made on Wall Street took place over a decade or so , before I arrived in president , " Bush said .
" And when people review the history of this administration , people will say that this administration tried hard to get a regulator .
And there will be a lot of analysis of why that did n't happen .
I suspect people will find a lot of it did n't happen for pure political reasons . "
Bush on President - Elect Obama 's ' Smooth Transition '
President Bush said that he encouraged President - Elect Obama to become involved in the planning and implementation of the economic stimulus plan , personally calling Obama for a briefing on the government 's decision to infuse money into Citigroup .
" This is a very unique period in American history where a new president is coming in , where we are fighting a two - front war against terrorists and , at the same time , dealing with a very difficult economic situation , " he said .
" And the more we can work together , the better off our country will be . "
Obama has assumed a leading role on the economy , announcing key members of his economic team in three consecutive news conferences last week in Chicago , despite assurances that there is only " one president at a time . "
But Bush insisted that he did not find the president - elect 's role intrusive .
" I do n't feel any intrusion whatsoever . …
Our administration still will be making the decisions necessary until he becomes the president . "
Asked if Obama 's election was in any way a repudiation of his administration , Bush saw more nuance .
" I think it was a repudiation of Republicans , " he said .
" And I 'm sure some people voted for Barack Obama because of me .
I think most people voted for Barack Obama because they decided they wanted him to be in their living room for the next four years explaining policy . "
He also said that Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain faced a " tough head wind " in the campaign , particularly in terms of the economic climate and the perception of the Republican Party .
Bush praised the Obama campaign 's organization and message , and when asked what his parting relationship will be with President - elect Obama , Bush said that he will reach out to the incoming president .
" One of my parting words to him will be : ' If I can help you , let me know , ' " Bush said .
Bush Looks Forward to Life Out of Spotlight
President and Mrs. Bush said that they 've had enough of the limelight and are looking forward to living a " normal daily life . "
" It 's going to be an interesting adjustment .
We 'll adjust .
We got each other , we 've got our kids , we 've got fabulous friends in Texas , " Bush said .
" I 'm going to have a lot of time to think , " he added .
" My day is going to go from getting up early - early , and being at the Oval Office at 6:45 a.m. , and having a lot to do when you get there , to waking up at 6:45 a.m. , getting Momma the coffee -- and kind of wandering around trying -- ' What 's next , boss ? ' "
Bush said he plans to write a book and to continue serving the country with his wife through an institute for policy and library at Southern Methodist University .
As she and the president prepare to say goodbye to the White House , the first lady said she thinks the country is thankful for her husband 's leadership .
" I think they think he 's somebody that kept them safe for eight years , " she said .
" And I hear that all the time , people thanking me , telling me to thank him . "
1/3 of Banks Will Disappear Next Year
Many banks do n't have enough money to survive in 2009 , but mergers will keep their brands alive , said Ralph Silva of TowerGroup .
The post-election issue of conservative rag National Review has nothing about Barack Obama 's victory , having gone to press before this past week 's election .
This is a pity , but flipping through the print version of the venerable publication , you 'll find some truly noxious points - of - view , the kinds of things NR does n't trot out on its ever popular blog , The Corner .
So it is with cultural critic Jay Nordlinger , who has decided that liberal " hissing " is a feature of the enemy .
If you 're not familiar with Nordlinger 's usual anti-liberal ravings , you 're missing the writings of an insane genius .
Nordlinger believes liberals are something akin to the devil , and usually accuses them of being in league with Castro , Stalin or worse .
And if you do n't condemn atrocities constantly years after the fact like he does , you just do n't care enough .
( By the way , this is the guy who spends most of his time reviewing classical music for NR and other publications . )
In this winning harangue against the liberal practice of hissing while in an audience , he fires one shell , over and over again :
For example , it is common on Manhattan ’s Upper West Side , where I live , and where I saw the preview for W. Hissing , wherever it takes place , is always , or almost always , hateful .
It is sinister , menacing , sneaky , insidious .
( Note how those words sound like hissing itself . )
It is sort of anonymous , hiding itself , rather than being out in the open .
I like what another reader — not from Gilbert — wrote me : “ Hissing is underhanded , and it expresses disapproval without accountability .
People can hiss with their lips and jaws in a neutral position — and they can drown out that which is disapproved while obscuring the source . "
This cultural note is finely constructed — it cannot possibly be refuted , as anecdotal as it is , and it is the perfect brush with which he can paint different types of people .
Nordlinger goes on to employ his favorite practice : he attributes acts to people who never committed them :
One time , on the Upper West Side , there was no hissing — like the dog not barking .
And it was so remarkable , I wrote about it in my NRO column , on June 24 , 2002 .
An ad for the Marines came on before a movie .
My stomach tightened : Uh-oh .
And no one hissed .
There was not so much as the beginning of an ess .
I wrote that this showed something different about the culture , for surely they would have hissed pre-9/11 .
The non-hissing took place more than six years ago , of course .
What would the Marines bring today ?
You see ?
Liberals hate the military , and worse , they 've wo n't even own up to their hatred ..
They just sit , sniveling onlookers .
Considering that 's what Nordlinger and his magazine are about to be , it 's a little ironic .
Do n't you think ?
I apologize for subjecting you to more of this , but someone once hissed Jay Nordlinger :
I myself have been hissed a number of times — and not just when speaking about politics .
I was hissed at the Salzburg Festival once !
What happened was this : I was conducting a public interview of a famous singer , and I mentioned what had happened to song recitals : Everyone had to have a “ theme ” now , rather than a mixed program .
“ You know , you have songs to texts of Rilke , or songs about water , or songs by left - handed Hispanics . ”
Most people laughed or chuckled — including the interviewee — but one woman ( I think it was a woman , somehow ) hissed .
I have never forgotten that hiss :
It cut through the general appreciation and good feeling like a knife .
Everyone thought it was hilarious , Jay . Everyone .
Looking outside my window , the sky is cloudless , bright , a slight breeze .
And it ’s December , normally a time of frequent rain .
While we here in the Sierra Foothills are not yet facing a water shortage , many people in the world are .
And in places that do get sufficient rain , they may be lacking in opportunities to be physically active during the rainy season .
The Watree addresses both of these issues , in a device that some would say looks like an upside down umbrella .
While mechanically complex , the idea is simple – Able to be stored in a retracted form , the Watree unfurls to become a large bowl to capture rain , which is then directed to a series of storage tanks underground , ready to be processed as drinking water , or later used to irrigate land .
In the case of high water needs playgrounds , parks , and sporting fields , the Watree serves both to keep an area dry during heavy rain periods , allowing for activity to continue longer then was previously possible , and the accumulated water could be used later when the sun is high and the water is low .
In a deft use of spare statistics , this page summarizes the Raintree ’s potential effectiveness , laying out how two Watrees could catch and provide enough rain to maintain the playing surface for a sporting field .
Although the Watree is mostly shown as something for urban sports fields and parks , I could see this being used anywhere where there are extremes of climate from season to season , varying from quite wet to too dry to meet needs .
Melbourne based Chris Buerckner is the designer behind what is now for the moment an idea .
A great idea .
Perhaps one you can help see the light of day ?
Or in this case , the rain .
Any ecopreneurists interested in this can contact him here .
Readers :
Where else are you seeing innovative ways to manage water use ?
About The Cover Guy
The Cover Guy is one of the original online Hot Tub Cover stores in North America !
We ’ve been Providing custom quality Hot tub Covers and Hot Tub Cover Lifters to go with them at a great price and with great service since 2004 .
Along with hot tub covers or spa covers and lifters
The Cover Guy also provides all hot tub filters , chemicals and accessories for hot tubs and spas .
We take pride in providing our customers hot tub covers that last longer , and perform better than any other spa covers available .
The quality of our materials and workmanship are second to none and all the spa covers are designed to withstand even the harshest weather .
We provide over 22,000 customized covers a year for all hot tub models , including , Jacuzzi® hot tub covers , Coleman spa covers , Sundance ® hot tub covers , Hot Spring spa covers , Marquis spa covers , Cal spa covers , and Dimension One spa covers .
We also take special requests for extra long , wide or three - fold hot tub covers that are required for Swim Spas and other larger hot tubs .
With The Cover Guy you can expect a great looking hot tub cover for an excellent value all bundled together with superior customer service .
Before we get to the particulars of tonight ’s Wall Street Journal story , we need to step back a second .
Just like the war in Iraq , which had a ton of justifications served up by the Bush Administration , none of which added up ( and the most obvious one , that the Bushies wanted to control the second biggest oil reserves on the planet , somehow never gets mentioned in polite company in the US ) , we ’ve also had too many rationales offered for the TARP in its very short life .
The one that has stuck with Congress and in the public ’s mind is that it was meant to get banks lending again .
And the Journal tells us that measured against that benchmark , it has n’t worked .
Like the war in Iraq , it ’s a given that the stated rationales for the TARP were not the real one .
Cynics see it as a plutocratic transfer , son of the grossly inflated outsourcing contracts to Halliburton and friends in the Middle East , a last opportunistic looting of the Treasury ( literally , in this case ) .
But this may instead have been the a recycling of Paulson ’s bazooka notion .
Remember when he asked for and secured authority to increase Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s credit lines with the Treasury and buy equity :
If you ’ve got a squirt gun in your pocket , you probably will have to take it out .
If you have a bazooka in your pocket and people know it , you probably wo n’t have to take it out .
That , as we now know , proved to be patently untrue , as the markets called the Treasury Secretary ’s bluff .
But Paulson is a very stubborn man and also seems to have remarkably few ideas ( his initial plan for the TARP funding was a rejiggered version of his failed “ rescue the SIVs ” MLEC plan of the previous fall ) .
Recall also that Paulson is a deal guy out of Goldman .
Anyone who has been in the deal business knows that the verbal representations are meaningless , and what counts is what is in the contract , or in his Treasury role , in the legislation .
And Congress approved a huge blank check .
Thus I suspect the real rationale behind the TARP was that Paulson would have so much money at his disposal that he could credibly rescue the banking system , and in Bazooka version 2.0 , he would not need to use it in a major way ( although he would need to be perceived to have ready access to it , hence his protests over having only $ 350 billion for his immediate use ) .
The existence of the funding capability would ( presumably ) restore confidence in the banks .
That theory would be consistent with the shifting rationales and plans .
Paulson saw this as emergency authority to be used as needed and figured with that much money , he could punch above his weight ( recall that $ 700 billion seemed simply enormous back in October , we ’ve now become inured ) .
But anyone who was up on the work from Bridgewater Associates , or connected the dots from what bank analyst Meredith Whitney was saying , or took Nouriel Roubini seriously ( to name just a few ) would know that $ 700 billion was n’t sufficient to plug the leaks the banking system had ALREADY sprung .
But that aside , why should we expect that the TARP would lead to more lending ?
First , there should be less lending , independent of the economic contraction .
We know now that TONS of credit was extended to people who should n’t have gotten it at all or should have been granted much less than they got .
Those balances NEED to shrink , ideally by paying them down , although a fair bit will be via defaults and writedowns .
Second , in case you somehow missed it , the economy stinks .
Even among the solvent , far fewer businesses and consumers are keen to borrow than in “ normal ” times .
Thus , as bankers know well , those who want more credit now are likely to have a higher level of adverse selection than you ’d see most of the time .
Now offsetting that to a fair degree is that a lot of businesses are dragging out payments , which puts financial stress on their vendors .
They could really use more financing now , if you assume that the business itself is viable and the customers wo n’t default on their obligations .
But banks are n’t set up to do that level of credit investigation .
If you fit in the right box on their grid , great , otherwise , you are toast .
That is a long - winded way of saying it ’s no surprise the banks are n’t lending .
If their assets were valued realistically , most doubtless need even more equity than the TARP provided .
Shrinking their balance sheets is part of their effort to get their equity back to healthy levels ( memo to regulators : why is n’t there more in the way of formal regulatory forbearance right now ?
It ’s standard bank recession practice to let banks officially run with lower equity levels as they try to get themselves back on their feet .
It ’s better to admit banks are undercapitalized and give them a temporary waiver than play blind with balance sheet games than undermine investor confidence ) .
From the Wall Street Journal :
Lending at many of the nation ’s largest banks fell in recent months , even after they received $ 148 billion in taxpayer capital that was intended to help the economy by making loans more readily available .
Ten of the 13 big beneficiaries of the Treasury Department ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , saw their outstanding loan balances decline by a total of about $ 46 billion , or 1.4 % , between the third and fourth quarters of 2008 …
Those 13 banks have collected the lion ’s share of the roughly $ 200 billion the government has doled out since TARP was launched last October to stabilize financial institutions …..
The loan figures analyzed by the Journal exclude some big TARP recipients that have n’t reported fourth - quarter results yet , such as Wells Fargo & Co .
The overall decline in loans on the 13 banks ’ books — from about $ 3.36 trillion as of Sept. 30 to $ 3.31 trillion at year ’s end — raises fresh questions about TARP ’s effectiveness at coaxing banks to reopen their lending spigots .
“ It has failed , ” said Campbell Harvey , a finance professor at Duke University ’s business school … .
In a survey last month of 569 U.S. companies , Mr. Harvey and researchers at Duke and the University of Illinois found that 59 % felt constrained by a lack of credit .
Many of those firms are shelving expansion plans and cutting jobs as a result of funding shortages , according to the survey , which is expected to be released this week .
Yves here .
Without know the size range of these companies and more about what they want to do with loan proceeds , it is hard to know what to make of that factoid .
If some want to borrow to preserve payroll , they may be incurring debt to stave off inevitable firings .
It is n’t clear how many of these loan requests would pass muster , independent of the financial crisis .
Back to the article :
The complaint has been investigated and
resolved to the customer 's satisfaction Cash4Gold Holdings — scam
L Laura A Jones
IT'S A SCAM !!!
I gathered all my old gold jewlery , 13 pieces .
Mailed them in a envelope that i was told was insured .
Two days later i found all this negative information on the internet about cash 4 gold .
Four weeks later i was living the nightmare stories i read on the internet .
The package i was told was insured , it was but only for $ 100 , i had over $ 2000 worth of jewlery in that package .
Like many of the stories on the net my package came up missing and the company wanted to instantly send me my $ 100 insurance claim .
They told me they would intiate an investigation with the United Postal Service .
Two weeks later i found out they did n't , so I did .
I was told by my local postal service to contact the Postal Inspector who informed me that my missing package to this company is one of SEVERAL just from my state alone .
The larger valued packages are being stolen .
an investigation is on going .
So for over $ 2000.00 worth of jewelry i am going to end up with $ 100 .
After all the complaints and negative info i have uncovered about this company , i do n't understand how they they have not been investigated and shut down .
Bacon Gravy
We love biscuits and gravy around here .
I make it from either sausage or bacon .
Every once in a while I even go crazy and use a little of both .
This recipe is pretty easy and it is good too .
Great over biscuits for breakfast or lunch .
But who am I kidding , we enjoy bacon gravy biscuits for dinner as well .
Bacon Gravy Recipe Ingredients 2 to 4 ounces bacon , cut into small pieces OR 1 /4 cup bacon grease ( see note below )
1/3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon black pepper ( to taste )
1 teaspoon sugar
3 cups milk Instructions First cut the bacon into small pieces .
Put it into a large skillet and fry it over medium heat .
The bacon will release it ’s fat .
When the bits of bacon are well browned stir in the flour .
Continue stirring until the flour absorbs all of the fat .
Add the salt , sugar and black pepper .
Start out with the smaller amount of pepper and add more later if desired .
Slowly stir in the milk .
Use a whisk or a fork to prevent lumps .
Continue stirring until the gravy boils .
Allow it to boil gently for about 5 minutes .
It will thicken nicely .
Serve over toast or biscuits or mashed potatoes .
3.2.2925
NOTE : If you do n’t have bacon , but you do have bacon grease , then use 1/4 cup of bacon grease instead of the bacon .
Heat it in the skillet until it is bubbly .
Stir in the flour and proceed as directed .
Sausage Gravy
Follow the same recipe but use ground sausage instead .
I crumble it up and cook it like ground beef .
For extra flavor , I like to add a little bacon grease when I have it .
The Hillbilly Housewife Recommends – Dining On A Dime
The Dining On A Dime Cookbook is packed with over 1,200 money saving recipes and tips , kids tips and snack ideas , gift baskets , menus , food storage directions , Cleaning Cents and Pretty for Pennies .
The recipes are easy to cook with ingredients that you probably already have in your pantry .
To make shopping easy and economical , it also includes a pantry list and a shopping list .
Order your copy today at http://www.hillbillyhousewife.com/dime
To support the blog , check out the HBHW eBooks available on Amazon .
Thank you !
Bruce is a part of the Rusk County region of Wisconsin known for its skiing and golf .
Major attractions include the Christie Mountain Snow Area and Taylor 's Amacoy Golf Club .
Each year in the summer season there is a bluegrass music festival .
Among the biggest companies in Bruce are Victorian Lady , Inc. , and the Christie Mountain Snow Area .
The biggest schools here are the Bruce Public School and Bruce Head Start .
One of the best places to visit when you are in Bruce is the Flambeau River State Forest .
non -bento # 2 Shadow of the Colossus December 16 , 2008
Posted by AnnaTheRed in bento blog ( all ) Tags : bento
I was so excited when I found my bento were shown on TinyCartridge.com and gonintendo.com .
They ’re game sites and post geeky nerdy stuff daily .
But I think the first major exposure on the internet was on Destructoid.com ( not that like I think TinyCartridge and gonintendo are not major , but Destructoid has a bigger community . )
Someone found my Kamatari bento online and sent it to one of the editors .
He wrote “ If anyone needs me , I will be in the kitchen recreating a scene from Shadow of the Colossus out of my grilled cheese sandwich ” to close his article .
I took that as a challenge .
Non-bento character food #2 : Shadow of the Colossus
Created and eaten on : 10/26/2008
I LOVE Shadow of the Colossus .
It ’s such a beautiful game .
You have to climb a colossus and defeat it .
Simple and brilliant .
But those colossi are so adorable , I fell in love with them .
I ’d just wait for them to come to me , run away to wait , and repeat , , , 😛
Anyway , I was interested in doing some “ seaweed art ” , so I thought this would be a great opportunity .
First I cut the tracing paper in the same size as a cheese single .
Then I found an image of the colossus , adjusted the size of the image on my monitor , put tracing paper on it and traced it .
This probably is n’t the best way to trace an image , but your monitor acts like a light box , so it makes it easier for you to trace the image .
Then I put the paper over the seaweed and held them together with a paper clip .
I put a catalog or something under the seaweed , and cut it out with an exacto knife .
A lot of people asked me how I did this , but the answer is simple , “ very carefully . ”
I do n’t use special seaweed or anything .
All you need is a really sharp knife and patience .
Some people asked me what seaweed on cheese would taste like .
It does n’t taste bad at all .
You just kind of taste the flavor of seaweed , but you really ca n’t taste it much .
Maybe I ’ll probably do a how - to on this one someday .
All 16 of them !
The colossi :
– seaweed on cheese
– toast
For more pictures of my bento , visit Bento ! set and Bento details !
set on my flickr page .
EDIT : People who are debating whether Kraft singles are cheese or um , , , not food …
I do not use Kraft singles when I make grilled cheese sandwich .
Oh wait , this cheese is n’t even grilled , and I do n’t even eat grilled cheese sandwich .
( I did eat this one though )
This was more like a joke dedicated to the editor on Destructoid .
“ Kraft singles on Wonder Bread = good ol ’ American food ” ( <- yes , this is a joke too )
So you can stop telling me “ This is not a good grilled cheese sandwich .
You ’re doing it wrong ! ”
Thank you . 🙂
We have now ceased trading .
Now that Obama is the president , fasten your seat belts .
During his first year in office , and particularly during his first hundred days , we are about to witness the most prodigious output of legislation since 1981 - 2 ( under Reagan ) , 1964 - 5 ( under Johnson ) , and 1933 - 36 ( under Roosevelt ) .
The combination of top heavy Democratic majorities in Congress and a mood of public fear bordering on panic over the financial crisis and the looming depression will speed his legislation through a compliant Senate and House .
We will enter his Administration as the United States , buoyed by an aggressive free market economy .
We will exit his first year - and even the first hundred days - as France , burdened with massive government regulation , a vast public sector , and permanent middle class entitlements .
And Obama will take care to arrange things so that massive and permanent political change accompanies his and protects his legislative achievements in the future .
He will call this radical change a stimulus package .
He will dress up a generation of liberal priorities as necessary steps to fight the economic crisis .
His programs and policies wont do much to end the depression .
It will end only after the massive burden of debt is lifted from the shoulders of American and foreign households and companies , a process which will take years .
At most , his stimulus will act as methadone while we withdraw from our debt addiction , mitigating the pain , smoothing over the trauma , and soothing our system .
But Obamas strategy is to hide inside the Trojan Horse of stimulus an army of radical measures to change America permanently .
The most pernicious of his proposals will be the massive Make Work Pay refundable tax credit .
Dressed up as a tax cut , it will be a national welfare program , guaranteeing a majority of American households an annual check to refund taxes they never paid .
And it will eliminate the need for about 20 % of American households to pay income taxes , lifting the proportion that need not do so to a majority of the voting population .
Unlike the Bush stimulus checks , this new program will be a permanent entitlement , a part of our budget that can only go up and never down .
Politically , it will transform a majority of Americans from taxpayers , anxious to hold down government spending , into tax eaters , eager to reap new benefits .
The huge spending in his stimulus package will create a budget deficit topping one trillion dollars .
Ronald Reagan cut taxes to raise the deficit to stop liberals in future years from increasing spending .
Obama will raise spending to raise the deficit to stop conservatives in future years from cutting taxes .
As he funds every liberal dream - from alternative energy production to infrastructure renovation to more federal revenue sharing - he will force a massive expansion in the size of government for a decade to come .
If the proportion of our $ 14 trillion GDP absorbed by the public sector increases by $ 1 trillion dollars , it will mean that governments share will rise from its current 33 % to about 40 % , bringing us close to the United Kingdoms ratio .
If Obama adds a major expansion of health care to the mix , the proportion could reach into the mid-forties , French and German territory .
And Obama will likely use the Trojan Horse of stimulus to make a down payment on health care reform , expanding public coverage of those now uninsured dramatically .
Likely , he will initially use the State Childrens Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) as his vehicle .
He will ask the same pool of doctors and nurses and the same amount of medical equipment to take on the care of almost 50 million more people , necessitating rationing of medical services .
Those too old , too sick , or with bad habits like smoking , may find themselves fenced off from good medical care , even if they can pay for it themselves .
While he is making these major changes , Obama will permanently alter our politics by taking three steps designed to alter the political balance :
a) He will set illegal immigrants on a path to citizenship
b) Hell pass the card check voting system for unionization , raising the unionized share of our economy
c ) He will crack down on talk radio through requirements either for equal time or for local ownership and control - or both .
Most likely , Obamas inability to tame the depression will erode his popularity during his first two years in office .
But , by then , his proposals will be statutes .
The fiscal parameters , the middle class expectations of no taxes and government handouts , and the demographics of our electorate will be changed forever .
A little less than two years after TiVo debuted its swivel video search engine , it is now killing it in favor of a better integrated search whose biggest improvement is visual .
Announced this week at CES 2009 , the new TV search works similarly to the search bar in the Firefox address browser .
You type in the first few letters of a show in the ' discovery bar ' and relevant recommendations of shows on TV satellite and broadband networks come up .
At the same time , you get a nice looking new column arrangement of information about a show , including episode description , rating , and relevant art .
The new appearance , according to TiVo reps , was created to fit to the longer length of HDTV's .
The old swivel search had no visuals and did n't provide immediate information that could help a user choose efficiently .
Still , this is a feature that is most helpful during passive browsing – if you 're the type that already knows what you want , the new search will look much nicer but it wo n’t make a huge difference .
Already , some are saying that the search function is not fast at all but TiVo reps promise they 're working on boosting that speed .
That ’s an important development that is critical if the company really wants to make this feature the " Google of TV search . "
There are three other updates with search that are interesting .
Results now come up through the most popular of the day automatically , and you can also browse shows by the season .
This is especially helpful for serial shows like The West Wing , where I ’m constantly confused about where it falls in line .
But the one I like the most is the Wish List feature , which takes a show that is not currently available anywhere and holds a search on your behalf so that when it ’s finally offered , it will record it .
It will be even better if you end up forgetting about it and will show up one day like a present you did n’t expect .
I will be adding the “ Rebels of Oakland ” HBO documentary from a few years ago because I can never find it anywhere .
C'mon HBO , you can have three docs about the Red Sox in two years , but can't manage to release the Rebels ?
Get on it , please .
TiVo 's search update is in now in beta and available to Series 3 and HD TiVos .
Buy Steroids Information Resource - Welcome To Our Anabolic Steroids Mega Site
We are always on top of the latest news regarding steroids .
Whether it`s steroids in sports like baseball , football , bodybuilding , boxing , or the olympics - we cover it !
Our news blog is updated daily with fresh content that involves steroid use around the world .
SteroidSources.com is a great resource for learning about a variety of topics regarding performance enhancing drugs like dianabol , anadrol , deca- durabolin , winstrol - v , and sustanon .
Our website provides information about anabolic steroids strictly for educational reasons only .
If you are interested in learning about the latest headlines involving the use of steroids and HGH ( human growth hormone ) , than you have come to the right place .
It`s important to always consult your physician before taking any drugs and that includes legal steroids .
Please understand and make clear that SteroidSources.com does not approve or condone illegal use of anabolic steroids without a doctors prescription .
Be sure to understand the laws in the country you reside when you plan to buy steroids .
SteroidSources.com will not be responsible for anyone who has misused an anabolic steroid , or other legal steroids described on this website .
Must be 18 years old to visit and view the contents of Steroidsources.com
Please consult with your physician before you buy steroids or buy anabolic steroids .
Want To Learn More About Steroids ?
Read Below ...
Brief History of Steroids : A Timeline
With so many issues on steroids , does anybody wonder why steroids become so popular ?
How does steroids came into existence ?
Is it thru an in - depth research or just by mere discovery ?
From the different sources on the internet as well as other publications and journals , steroids were so popular because of its effects and the issues that always come with it .
Whether we ...
Read More >>
Where To Buy Steroids
As the lure of attaining the perfectly - sculpted body and improved performance heightens , more and more people are now spending much time trying to find out where to buy steroids conveniently and safely .
Because steroids are still associated with negative ideas because of the potential health risks that can be had from their use , the society has yet to approve their use completely .
Read More >>
Mexican Steroids
In the United States , one cannot easily buy steroids without a prescription , but that is not to say that the popularity of these performance enhancers has decreased due to the regulation .
If anything , the lure of steroid use has even increased as consumers found a more convenient way to get these products in the form of Mexican steroids .
Read More >>
Steroid Use
The issue of steroid use is a longstanding subject of various debates , especially among sports enthusiasts .
While steroids are used to treat various types of disorders including asthma and cancer , these substances are more popularly associated with athletes and bodybuilders .
There is still much talk about whether or not these people should be allowed ...
Read More >>
Coming Out from Steroids Addiction
Every year , a growing number of individuals use steroids to enhance their physique for a better personal bodily image and / or to increase their competitiveness in sports requiring physical endurance , agility and performance .
For mature sports enthusiasts , such as in bodybuilding , weightlifting and athletics , perceived to
Read More >>
Different Uses of Anabolic Steroids : A Continuing Concern
Anabolic steroids are also called anabolic - androgenic steroids ( AAS ) .
They are a kind of steroid hormone that is closely associated with testosterone , the male sex hormone .
They were first produced during the 1930s and have had extensive applications in the synthesis of protein and in the building up of muscle mass .
They also help develop male characteristics .
Read More >>
Equipoise : The Safer Way of Steroid Use
Equipose is the brand name whose main chemical content is boldenone undecylenate .
It bears and is a registered trademark of Wyeth Holdings Corporation , one of the leading multinational pharmaceutical companies in United States of America .
Equipoise is an anabolic steroid and , as what has been said earlier , has boldenone as its most potent component .
The function of the ...
Read More >>
What are Legal Steroids ?
Legal steroids seem to be the answer to the concerns associated with building muscles and achieving a strong and good physique .
Legal steroids are being sold in authorized stores and essentially cater to health and fitness buffs .
While they are not the real anabolic steroids , there are still some things consumers should know about before buying them .
Here are some of the things you need to consider before buying them .
Read More >>
About Phentermine
Today 's day and age is a culture of aesthetic beauty .
Almost everyone is well aware of how they look and how others perceive them .
The society of today puts a lot of emphasis on good looks and keeping thin and slim that it has already invaded almost all forms of mass media .
From billboards to print ads ; television to radio ; Internet to magazines ; we are all ...
Read More >>
Buy Steroid Resources :
Seagate , the biggest hard drive manufacturer , has announced today that effective January 3 , 2009 , the company will be making some important changes to its limited warranty terms for selected drives .
The warranty period for consumer electronics ( Seagate Barracuda 7200 included ) , notebook ( Momentus 7200 and Momentus 5400 included ) and personal storage bare drives sold to Seagate Authorized Distributors will be changed from 5 years to 3 years .
Seagate believes that the new warranty period and terms better reflect current industry standards .
Seagate enterprise class drives and Seagate and Maxtor external retail products that have 5 - year warranty periods will not be affected by this change .
Please take a look at the Seagate Warranty Matrix for more information .
62 Comments on Seagate Lowers Warranty Period from 5 to 3 Years on Some Desktop Hard Drives
1 to 25 of 62 Go to Page 123 PreviousNext
# 1 Tau
malware Seagate , the biggest hard drive manufacturer , has announced today that effective January 3 , 2009 , the company will be making some important changes to its limited warranty terms for selected drives .
The warranty period for consumer electronics ( Seagate Barracuda 7200 included ) , notebook ( Momentus 7200 and Momentus 5400 included ) and personal storage bare drives sold to Seagate Authorized Distributors will be changed from 5 years to 3 years .
Seagate believes that the new warranty period and terms better reflect current industry standards .
Seagate enterprise class drives and Seagate and Maxtor external retail products that have 5 - year warranty periods will not be affected by this change .
Please take a look at the Seagate Warranty Matrix for more information .
Source : Seagate
Thats a dissapointment , as that was one of the factors that set them appart .: banghead :
Thats a dissapointment , as that was one of the factors that set them appart .: banghead : Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 9:46 Reply
# 2 Mussels
Moderprator quite a pity .
i liked their warranty .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 10:03 Reply
# 3 eidairaman1
The Exiled Airman seems like they are suffering for money aswell so they lowered their warranty , hmm makes me wonder .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 10:13 Reply
# 4 qubit
Overclocked quantum bit Another " win " for the customer malware ... will be changed from 5 years to 3 years .
Seagate believes that the new warranty period and terms better reflect current industry standards ....
Indeed , how comforting .
This is a real incentive to buy , innit ? < sarcastic > : rolleyes :
EDIT : I have a friend that repairs PC 's freelance for a living and bought them exclusively for the 5 year warranty for his customers .
Guess he 'll be looking at the competition now .
Indeed , how comforting .
This is aincentive to buy , innit ?
: rolleyes : EDIT : I have a friend that repairs PC 's freelance for a living and bought them exclusively for the 5 year warranty for his customers .
Guess he 'll be looking at the competition now .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 10:51 Reply
# 5 intel igent
does 'nt make sense to me to reduce the length of a warranty , might not be a good move for them .....
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 10:53 Reply
# 6 Smith_X
I think Seagate maybe face some problem for now .
I notice that Seagate had not been release new Barracuda harddisk for a while .
( There are only 15 k enterprise harddisk and new FreeAgent model out there in 2008 . )
I still waiting for Seagate ES.3 ( which should have anything improve i.e. faster transfer rate , more reliable and consume less energy , etc.. ) but Seagate still not release it yet .
On the other hand , Western Digital launch a lot product line during third quarter recently .
i.e. Caviar Black , RE3 .
WD still offer 5 years warranty .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 11:37 Reply
# 7 MrMilli
I saw this coming for a while .
Their drives do n't have higher reliability but still they offer 5 years warranty .
I guess it started to cost them too much money .
But why would you buy a Seagate Barracuda now ?
They are slower and will have the same 3 year warranty as the rest .
Anyway , you should n't use a harddrive longer then 3 years because failure rate rises around this point .
Even if i would have 5 years warranty , warranty does n't replace my data .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 13:00 Reply
#8 WarEagleAU
Bird of Prey Yes they do and Seagate has some terrific drives .
Personally I havent ever had to use my warranty , but if they lower the warranty period , they might as well lower the price a bit more .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 13:12 Reply
# 9 Bl4ck
my 2x500 Gb Barracuda 11 ... both died after 2 months of usage , " old " WD3200AKS still works , good thing i did n't pay for the seagate 's .
For me only WD or Samsung .: nutkick : Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 13:16 Reply
# 10 Mussels
Moderprator heres a thought : what if they 're thinking " shit , we wont have any mechanical drives left in 5 years , only a pile of SSD's " Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 15:38 Reply
# 11 Top Geezer
It 's Hitachi all the way for me from now on .
They are without doubt the most reliable drives on the planet .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 15:44 Reply
# 12 Mussels
Moderprator Top Geezer
It 's Hitachi all the way for me from now on .
They are without doubt the most reliable drives on the planet .
i've never owned one .
they dont seem to be for sale around here in australia .
How are they for noise and heat ?
i've never owned one .
they dont seem to be for sale around here in australia .
How are they for noise and heat ?
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 15:48 Reply
# 13 EarlZ
The 5 year warranty was the only edge that seagate had with other brands , i guess this pretty much evens them out and people will start getting the cheaper brand ( WD / Samsung ) Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 16:50 Reply
# 14 FreedomEclipse
~ Technological Technocrat ~
I havent bought seagate for quite a few years - I bought a few with my first system build back in 2002 /03 but 1 of them failed on me within 2 weeks in quite a dramatic manner so it has been me & a great set of reliable maxtors for me back when they were actually ' good ' before they got aquired by Seagate & slowly assimilated like the body of a rat thats just been bitten by a small venomus spider / snake - Slowly but surely Dissolving in the Hoi Sin that is Seagate ....
Samsung on the other hand has really stepped up its game .
its amazing how far theyve come in such a short space of time .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 18:54 Reply
# 15 Unregistered
I buy nothing but WD drives which all run 24/7 for many years now .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 19:23 Edit | Reply
# 16 Top Geezer
We integrate Hitachi 1Tb SATA all the time in RAID systems ( 24 Bay ) and never have any problems .
We tried Samsung but they run far too hot and only last about 4 months .
Seagate was OK but not as fast as the Hitachi and also ran hotter .
We have a company policy not to buy WD after a number of failures in the field with no response or help from WD to help us sort it out but hey , each to their own my friends .
We learned a long time ago that the small savings you make when buying the cheapest Hard drive is lost when you consider the value of the data stored on them ( not to mention time , labour and transport costs when returned ) .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 20:06 Reply
# 17 FreedomEclipse
~ Technological Technocrat~ Top Geezer
We tried Samsung but they run far too hot and only last about 4 months O rly ??
when was the last time you used a Samsung HDD ??
back in the old days i admit they were a bit naff but their F1 spinpoint drives are one of the best drives around second to WD Raptors .
I have NEVER been a keen fan of Hitachi stuff - their rice steamers / cookers pwn but thats about it - their screens are crap , their TV's are crap - anything they make thats NOT a rice cooker is crap .
O rly ?? when was the last time you used a Samsung HDD ??
back in the old days i admit they were a bit naff but their F1 spinpoint drives are one of the best drives around second to WD Raptors .
I have NEVER been a keen fan of Hitachi stuff - their rice steamers / cookers pwn but thats about it - their screens are crap , their TV's are crap - anything they make thats NOT a rice cooker is crap .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 21:14 Reply
# 18 Necrofire
The 5 year warranty was nice , but it was a little unnecessary for me .
The only drives that have failed on my in the past 5 years have been ancient Fireball drives , and about 2 or 3 40 GB drives , of different flavors .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 22:02 Reply
# 19 FordGT90Concept
" I go fast !1!11!1 ! "
I hope they are n't reducing the warranty on Barracuda ES drives .
If they are n't , then that 's probably all I 'll be buying from here on out . :(
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 22:09 Reply
# 20 AsRock
TPU addict intel igent does 'nt make sense to me to reduce the length of a warranty , might not be a good move for them .....
Maybe it will cut down costs more than loose money lol .
I 'll stick with WD 's with there 5y all though other might follow .
Does make me think that there is a problem .
Maybe it will cut down costs more than loose money lol .
I 'll stick with WD 's with there 5y all though other might follow .
Does make me think that there is a problem .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 22:18 Reply
# 21 niko084
Mussels quite a pity .
i liked their warranty .
Same here and recently you have needed that warranty ... : laugh :
I RMA probably 60 % of my 7200.11 drives within 90 days ....
I just changed over to ordering the ES2's hopefully they do a better job or I 'm going to be talking to my distrib to get me some WD Blacks or even maybe Hitachi Ultrastars depending on price .
Same here and recently you have needed that warranty ... : laugh : I RMA probably 60 % of my 7200.11 drives within 90 days ....
I just changed over to ordering the ES2's hopefully they do a better job or I 'm going to be talking to my distrib to get me some WD Blacks or even maybe Hitachi Ultrastars depending on price .
Posted on Dec 12th 2008 , 22:19 Reply
# 22 eidairaman1
The Exiled Airman Mussels i've never owned one .
they dont seem to be for sale around here in australia .
How are they for noise and heat ?
They are Pretty Good drives ,
If you have a IBM Deskstar ( if you got lucky to have 1 for that long ) and its still under warranty you can send in the Drive to Hitachi and they will replace it with a Hitachi Deskstar , Trust me ive yet to have a Hitachi Drive go bad on me , because the 80 GB IBM i had at the time got the Click of Death ( Click Click Scratch continuous cycle ) , which ticked me off that i went with WD at the time , then i tried the Hitachi and the Hitachi was overall Faster at 2MB vs the WD with 8 MB .
They are Pretty Good drives ,
If you have a IBM Deskstar ( if you got lucky to have 1 for that long ) and its still under warranty you can send in the Drive to Hitachi and they will replace it with a Hitachi Deskstar , Trust me ive yet to have a Hitachi Drive go bad on me , because the 80 GB IBM i had at the time got the Click of Death ( Click Click Scratch continuous cycle ) , which ticked me off that i went with WD at the time , then i tried the Hitachi and the Hitachi was overall Faster at 2MB vs the WD with 8 MB .
Posted on Dec 13th 2008 , 20:26 Reply
# 23 niko084
eidairaman1
They are Pretty Good drives ,
If you have a IBM Deskstar ( if you got lucky to have 1 for that long ) and its still under warranty you can send in the Drive to Hitachi and they will replace it with a Hitachi Deskstar , Trust me ive yet to have a Hitachi Drive go bad on me , because the 80 GB IBM i had at the time got the Click of Death ( Click Click Scratch continuous cycle ) , which ticked me off that i went with WD at the time , then i tried the Hitachi and the Hitachi was overall Faster at 2MB vs the WD with 8 MB .
Ya a lot of people never consider Hitachi , but in reality I have had very good luck lifetime wise with their drives , speed wise they are not premier , but the hold up seems to be pretty good .
In the least an underrated company IMO .
Ya a lot of people never consider Hitachi , but in reality I have had very good luck lifetime wise with their drives , speed wise they are not premier , but the hold up seems to be pretty good .
In the least an underrated company IMO .
Posted on Dec 13th 2008 , 20:59 Reply
# 24 Woody112
I 've always used Hitachi for back up drives .
Currently have a 500gig as a back up in my rig now .
Posted on Dec 13th 2008 , 21:18 Reply
# 25 FordGT90Concept
" I go fast !1!11!1 ! "
I only had one Hitachi HDD and it died after about two years .
Hitachi honored the warranty though and replaced it free of charge .
I have eight Seagate drives right now with no failures ( 2 x 7200.7 , 2 x 7200.9 , 4 x 7200.10 ES ) .
Posted on Dec 13th 2008 , 21:24 Reply
ARE you afraid that the eco nomic downturn could get out of hand ?
I mean , really out of hand ?
Well , do n’t worry .
The US Army War College is on the case – ready to handle “ unforeseen economic collapse ” and the “ rapid dissolution of public order in all or significant parts of the US . ”
And you thought we were just dealing with a recession !
In a report published Nov. 4 – just in time for the holiday season – the War College ’s Strategic Studies Institute posited a number of shocks that the country should be prepared for , including unrest caused by the economy ’s failure .
The report has a snappy title , “ Known Unknowns : Unconventional ‘ Strategic Shocks ’ in Defense Strategy Development , ” and was written by Nathan Freier , a visiting professor at the college .
The foreword was written by Col. John A. Kardos , director of the Peacekeeping and Stability Operations Institute .
Freier lists a number of possible things we should worry about – because we probably do n’t have enough of our own – including run -of - the - mill terrorism and the fact that China and Russia could align against us politically and economically .
“ Some of the most plausible defense - relevant strategic shocks remain low - probability events , ” Freier soft - pedals before going on to scare the hell out of us .
The War College says “ widespread civil violence inside the US would force the defense establishment to reorient priorities in extremis to defend basic domestic order and human security . ”
Among things Freier wants us to worry about are “ deliberate employment of weapons of mass destruction .
. . unforeseen economic collapse , loss of functioning political and legal order , purposeful domestic resistance or insurgency and catastrophic natural and human disasters . ”
Oh , and by the way , have a Merry Christmas !
*
I have a confession to make : I am a member of the United Auto Workers union .
It ’s not a “ confession ” in the sense that there is anything wrong with it .
Here ’s how my membership happened .
I teach a course at New York University .
And a couple of years ago , the United Auto Workers unionized the university ’s adjunct professors , or teachers who are happy to be underpaid because we earn a living elsewhere .
The union apparently thought untenured teachers were a better bet than people who make cars .
And , guess what , it was right .
Anyhow , after being threatened by the union with dismissal from NYU if I did n’t join , I reluctantly began paying dues .
And I completely forgot about it until the matter came up at a Christmas party at the university last week .
So , you are probably wondering if I think my brother union members should give concessions to keep GM , Ford and Chrysler alive .
I ’ll have to get back to you on that after I check with headquarters .
*
So , you are losing sleep because of the financial markets .
Maybe it ’s because of your mattress .
A research firm in Cleveland says the economy and financial stress are affecting sales of bedding .
Longbow Research reports that 87 percent of retail ers it surveyed said mattress sales are declining .
Longbow says that the sales decline worsened in Octo ber and November .
Maybe people are afraid to change mat tresses because that ’s where all their money is hidden .
john.crudele@nypost.com
WASHINGTON - Government auditors identified at least $ 7.5 billion worth of unneeded spare parts stored in Navy warehouses yesterday , the latest example of wasteful military spending that is fueling calls for President - elect Barack Obama to take bold action to rein in the Defense Department 's bloated budget .
Between 2003 and 2007 , the Navy 's supply of replacement parts for ships and aircraft far exceeded its needs , the Government Accountability Office found during a new audit .
Indeed , in some instances investigators found stocks of equipment that the service is unlikely to use up for decades - such as 13,852 engine blades for its F / A - 18 fighter jets estimated to be worth $ 3.6 million .
In total , the Navy has nearly 2 million more aircraft parts than its own projections deem necessary , while it is storing 10 million ship parts designated as excess , the report found .
The cost of storing the equipment alone is $ 18 million , the GAO estimated .
" Based on Navy demand forecasts , inventory that exceeded current requirements was sufficient to satisfy several years , or even decades , of supply needs , " according to the investigation , which was requested by Senator Bernie Sanders , a Vermont independent .
Several factors contributed to the unnecessary purchases , including inefficiency in the Navy 's inventory management and a limited ability to accurately forecast equipment needs , congressional auditors said .
" As a result , the Navy had billions of dollars in excess inventory against current requirements each year , " the GAO concluded , including some pieces of equipment that are still on order but already slated for disposal because they wo n't be needed .
Another example cited in the report was seven sonar sets for attack submarines that have been sitting in storage since 1991 and that the Navy never plans to use .
And last year alone the Navy had 85,700 " unique items " in its spare parts inventory - valued at $ 1.9 billion - for which it had no projected demand .
Sanders , who sought the audit and cosponsored legislation earlier this year to create a special oversight board to root out wartime waste , called the findings " unbelievable and outrageous . "
He urged Obama to take action next year to safeguard taxpayer funds .
" At a time when the nation has a $ 10.6 trillion debt , we simply cannot afford the continuing uncontrollable waste across the federal agencies , " Sanders , a member of the Senate Budget Committee , said in a written statement .
He added : " Unfortunately , this is not just the Navy , but something the entire military has to address .
I hope the next administration will take the issue seriously . "
Obama has said he will make cutting wasteful government spending a top priority .
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates , whom Obama has asked to stay on indefinitely , has also sent clear signals in recent weeks that he , too , is committed to taking the axe to Pentagon programs he deems unnecessary .
In the meantime , the Pentagon , which concurred with the report 's recommendations for improving supply chain management , pledged to take action .
The findings come as the Commission of Wartime Contracting , established by Congress this year to investigate waste , fraud , and abuse in Pentagon purchasing , prepares to hold its first public hearing in February .
But Sanders , in a telephone interview yesterday from Vermont , said far more needs to be done , vowing to author legislation to make it illegal for the military to spend appropriations on spare parts it cannot justify .
" We have been talking about this issue of unused and unneeded spare parts for many years , " Sanders told the Globe .
" We need legislation to make sure the Pentagon is not wasting billions of dollars . "
Bender can be reached at bender@globe.com .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Last year we did a post on 50 + tools for Web design .
A lot has changed in the past year , and there are tons of new tools available to designers .
Whether you 're just starting out and need a drag - and - drop builder or you 've been coding for years and need tools to help you be more efficient , there 's something on this list for you .
Here are over 130 tools to make you a better and faster designer .
Feel free to add more in the comments .
Beginner Resources
YAML Builder - Easy to use YAML ( Yet Another Multicolumn Layout ) XHTML / CSS site layout builder .
Sky CSS Tool - JavaScript CSS authoring app .
The Box Office - CSS formatting tool for wrapping text around images .
CSSTXT - Online CSS text style generator .
izzyMenu.com - Free CSS menu builder .
pForm - HTML form builder .
Roxer - Drag and drop website creator .
Wirenode - Create your own mobile websites .
doodlekit - Online website builder and CMS that includes a form builder , PayPal shopping cart , interchangeable layouts & graphics , and a built in stock photo / image repository .
Has both paid and free plans .
dotemplate - Template site that allows you to customize templates before downloading them .
templatr - Online tool for creating website templates .
Agency of Record - A website design and hosting platform for creative professionals .
Typechart - Browse different typefaces and styles and grab the CSS of the ones you want .
CSS Type Set - Create custom CSS type styles with this tool .
CSSType - Experiment with Web safe typography and then get the CSS for it .
CSS Builder - Generate stylesheets on the fly and then copy the code for your site .
Firdamatic - A free tool to create tableless 2 - or 3 - column blog designs .
PsycHo - A blog template creator .
folionow - Easily and affordably create websites for yourself or others .
CSStxt - Create custom CSS text styles .
Viviti - Easy to use website builder .
ComfyPage - Easy to use , free website builder that lets you customize a template and add as many pages as you want .
LetsEat.at -
Free website builder and hosting for restaurants that includes customizable menus , daily specials , printable coupons , and more .
webon - Free , ad - free website builder that lets you have a blog , photo album , video gallery and more .
infogami - Create a website with one - click editing , customizable templates , and more .
edicy - Create a website and publish it on your own domain .
Jimdo - Create your own website with as many pages as you want and integrate images , video and more .
Webnode - Create a personal or business website for free with drag and drop technology , tagging , and free hosting .
iompi - E-commerce website builder .
easysite.com - Website creator that includes photos , videos , blogs , and includes free telephone support .
myfamily.com -
Free family website creator with unlimited storage space .
MomentVille - Free wedding website builder .
SeeYou Then ! -
A wedding website creator that includes a high - res photo exchange , private messaging , guest profiles , and more .
GoHoster - Another free website builder that includes a subdomain .
BlinkWeb -
Free website builder with drag and drop functionality and e-commerce options .
Macrocasa - Website builder for the real estate industry that includes an agent messaging system and client management features .
Pixie - A free , open - source website creator that includes an intuitive interface and easy installation .
Squarespace - A powerful website creator that includes XHTML validation , WYSIWYG editing , a blogging platform and more .
NicEdit - Cross - platform content editor that lets you edit the content of your website right in your browser .
WordPress
Theme Generator - Create your own completely custom WordPress theme with this online tool .
Resources for More Advanced Users and Professionals
CSS Superdouche - Strip unneeded content and redundant calls from your CSS , reducing its size and complexity .
Code Beautifier - Format and optimize your CSS code .
CSSFly - In - browser editing of ( X) HTML and CSS .
CSS Drive CSS Compressor - Decrease your CSS file size and loading speed with this tool .
Clean CSS - Another CSS optimization tool for reducing your CSS file size .
EM Calculator - Converts your pixel - based sizes to em units for more scalable and accessible CSS design .
CSS Redundancy Checker - Eliminate unused CSS selectors automatically as well as check for redundancy in your CSS files .
GrayBit - Accessibility testing tool that displays a full - color Web page in grayscale .
ProtoShare - Create a clickable website prototype and get feedback , ideas and suggestions from your team members .
Most Sliced -
A directory of image slicing services that includes reviews and ratings from users .
Inserit - A code - free CMS for Web designers .
LightCMS - A CMS for Web designers that lets you create websites your clients can manage themselves .
clickbooq - A website creation and portfolio management tool .
jumpchart - Website planning app that lets you export clean CSS / XHTML .
inblogit - A blogging tool for Web designers that can be integrated into any website design .
Reflect -
A website platform and hosting service for Web designers that lets them and their clients create and manage websites .
Carbonmade -
An online portfolio site for designers with free and paid plans .
ThemesPress - Automatically convert your template files into WordPress themes .
Feng GUI - Generates heatmaps for your website by simulating human vision during the first five seconds of viewing your website .
Text Generator - Generates lorem ipsum - like text .
webvanta -
Free business website builder and hosting aimed at providing design professionals a quicker way to build websites .
Tuplix - Easy to use website authoring tool that works for new or existing websites .
FolioSnap - Website portfolio builder for creative professionals .
Frontfriend - CMS for designers that lets them build forms and templates and then lets their clients fill in their own information .
Graphics , Page Elements and Design Tools
ScrnShots -
Host , share and tag your screenshots .
flickrSLiDR - Create and embed a flickr slideshow on your website or blog .
websnapr 2.0 - Online tool for capturing thumbnail of websites .
StyleIgnite - Design snippets ( CSS , HTML , and more ) for contact forms , layouts , and more that you can use on your sites .
BgPatterns - Background pattern creation tool with live preview .
The Effect Generator - Create animated slideshows , buttons , and more with this tool .
The Color Wizard - Submit a color and this tool will bring back matching colors .
ColorJack - A color scheme gallery that also explores color theory .
My cool button - Web 2.0 button creator .
[ ws ] Color Scheme Generator 2 - An easy to use color scheme creator .
Cornershop -
Get the CSS and images to put rounded corners on your website .
CSSround - Another tool to create rounded corners on your website .
Color Hunter - A color palette creation tool that lets you pull color palettes from images .
Web Graphics Maker -
A free tool to create backgrounds , lines and bullets for your website .
As Button Generator - Free Web button creator .
Picreflect - A free tool to create reflections for your photos .
Bradicon ! - Create icons from any image .
TabCreatr - Create CSS tabbed navigation for your site .
List - u- Like CSS Generator - A tool to create list - based navigation bars .
text2PNG.com - Convert text headers and navigation to PNG files .
IconsPedia - Free , huge collection of icons .
Genfavicon - A free favicon generator .
QuickRibbon.com - Create custom ribbons with or without links for your site .
Glassy Buttons - Create custom glassy style buttons .
Website Ribbon Generator - Create free ribbons for your site with or without hyperlinks .
4096 Color Wheel - A color scheme generator that shows you Web - safe , Web - smart and unsafe colors .
Web 2.0 Free Logo Generator - Create your own custom Web 2.0 logo .
colordb - Another color palette generator , though this one is much more in depth than most .
colorcombos.com - A huge library of color combinations .
ColorToy 2.0 - A Flash - based color palette generator .
Accessibility Color Wheel -
Check the readability of your background and text color combinations .
This tool will tell you if there is enough contrast between the two .
Artypapers Buttons - Customize buttons and collect them on your website .
freshbadge - Create Web 2.0 badges for your site .
Favicon Generator Tool -
Free favicon creator from Dagon Design .
Favicon Generator - Another free favicon generator .
favicon maker v1 - A free , basic favicon creator that lets you create a favicon from scratch or an existing image .
Stripe Designer - Create background stripes for your website .
Favicon Tool -
A free and easy to use favicon generator .
Favicon Generator & Gallery - Create your own favicon or browse those created by others .
Web Script Lab Favicon Generator - Another free favicon generator .
Ajax Loading GIF Generator - Easy to use loading gif generator .
Loader Generator - A tool to create loading spinners .
Gradient Image Maker - A free tool to create image gradients .
Rainmaker - Tag cloud creator .
favicon.cc - Another free favicon creator .
FavIcon from Pics - Create a favicon from an image .
TagCrowd - A free tag cloud creator .
ConvertIcon - Converts ICO to PNG and vice versa .
My Timelines - Create AJAX timelines for your blog or website .
Cymbolism - A color tool that includes information on what emotions and words are associated with different colors .
Color Palette Generator - A tool that creates a color palette based on an image you upload .
Wordle - Create word or tag clouds from any text .
Screedbot - Create animated scrolling text .
Badged .net - Create badges and add them to your website .
Form Style Generator - Create your own CSS - styled Web forms .
reflectionmaker.com - Creates image reflections .
blogsticker - A social sticker directory .
Instant Eyedropper - Grab the color code of any color on the Web with a single mouse click .
Inspiration , Collaboration and Other Resources
FullSingle - A gallery of really awesome single - page websites .
We Love WP - A showcase of WordPress powered websites ( not just blogs ) .
One Page Love -
Another showcase of great one - page websites .
Screenalicio.us - A
Web design gallery with more than 10,000 screenshots .
CSS Mania - A gallery of almost 12,000 CSS website designs .
The Best Designs - A huge showcase of Web designs and designers .
Pattern Tap -
Design gallery of different website elements ( headers , 404 pages , and the like ) .
eduStyle - A
Web design gallery specifically featuring academic websites .
finalcrit.com - Free portfolio site for designers .
Should Redesign ? -
Get feedback on whether or not a redesign is needed for your site .
Designflavr - Design galleries for all sorts of artwork , including Flash and CSS websites .
View - Showcase of website that can be sorted by color or other criteria .
InspirationKing - A searchable gallery of websites for inspiration .
DesignerSource - A website design gallery that is browsable by topic or color .
BestWebGallery - Tagged website design showcase .
StyleVault - Another
Web design gallery that lets you rate designs .
The I - 80 corridor in eastern Iowa , for those motorists interested only in hastening their way between Des Moines to the west and Iowa City to the east , may appear empty save for fields that produce part of the state ’s 2 billion bushels of corn each year .
But north and south of I - 80 lie many small towns , populated by only a few hundred or few thousand Iowans .
Towns like Belle Plaine , Brooklyn , Benton , Marengo , Montezuma , North English , Williamsburg , Parnell , Homestead , Oxford and Holbrook .
These are towns whose median household income is less than the $ 47,000 statewide average .
The people who live in those towns need information to effectively make political and consumer decisions .
They need it just as much as people in big cities do .
But come Monday , local news may not flow quite so freely in Benton and Poweshiek counties .
For Christmas , the good folks of Victor , Iowa , received a lump of coal : The East Iowa Herald newspaper announced that it would suspend print operations Dec. 31 .
Mitch Traphagen , the paper ’s owner , wrote that a lack of subscriptions and circulation were not the problem : “ As local businesses cut back due to concerns over an economic recession , that left only limited advertising dollars available to competing newspapers .
As a new business , we have n’t been able to build up the resources necessary to overcome the financial hurdles during this period of economic slowdown . ”
That ’s not the only publishing insult to strike that I - 80 corridor .
Marengo Publishing Corporation , which publishes three weekly advertisers , seven weekly newspapers and a monthly magazine , plans to repackage the seven newspapers into four weekly newspapers on Jan .
5 . Of the seven newspapers —
The Belle Plaine Union , The South Benton Star - Press , the Brooklyn Chronicle , The Marengo Pioneer - Republican , The Montezuma Republican , The North English Record and The Williamsburg Journal - Tribune — the Chronicle and Republican will become The Poweshiek County Chronicle - Republican ; the Star - Press will add the readership area covered by the Union ; the Journal Tribune will add a page of North English news .
Subscription prices will rise .
Said a statement from MPC Publisher Dan DeBettignies and editors Nick Narigon , Dann Hayes , and Jim Magdefrau :
The names and the faces of the newspapers will change , but the content will not .
We remain dedicated to serving as the premier news source of Iowa County , eastern Poweshiek County and southern Benton County .
[ Emphasis added ]
Premier news source ?
The content wo n’t change ?
How ?
Reducing seven weeklies to four means reducing the number of pages on which to place the news nearly in half .
There will be fewer staffers to produce the stories to place on those fewer pages .
From that same MPC statement :
Gannett Inc. , the parent company of Marengo Publishing Corporation ( MPC ) and Poweshiek Publishing , announced a staff reduction of 10 percent in late October .
Plans and decisions were made during the month of November and now the repercussions are hitting home .
MPC and Poweshiek Publishing have been running with a relatively bare bones staff for quite some time .
We have gone through several cuts to our expense budget and have been learning to do the same amount of work with fewer people for several years .
[ Emphasis added ]
Gannett says it owns 85 daily newspapers including USA Today , and nearly 1,000 non-daily publications and USA Weekend , and 23 television stations , reaching more than 20 million households , in about three dozen states .
After years of proclaiming ever - higher stock dividends , Gannett has been fiscally contracting for many months by rigorously cutting expenses .
In August , Gannett cut 1,000 jobs , so its stock price got a bump .
But that did n’t last :
Its stock price hit an 18 - year low in October .
Gannett ’s in a death spiral .
But this is n’t about slamming Gannett .
How will the information needs and wants of residents of Benton and Poweshiek counties be served now ?
By whom ?
The nation has far more weekly newspapers than it does dailies .
Historically , weeklies generally have been Mom - and - Pop enterprises run on shoestrings by people who believed in finding out stuff and telling their readers what they found out .
But some media companies figured out that they could buy a bunch of individually owned weeklies in a narrow geographic region , run them all out of one common newsroom and ad sales site , and make oodles of money .
For example : Community Newspapers Inc. , headquartered in Athens , Ga. , includes 29 newspapers in Georgia , Florida and North Carolina .
Check their locations ; they ’re tightly bunched geographically .
Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. owns about 90 daily and more than 200 non -daily newspapers , television stations , Web sites and niche publications in more than 150 communities throughout the United States in nearly two dozen states .
Many of its newspapers are geographically grouped .
Brown Publishing has a cluster of 8 daily newspapers , 27 paid weekly newspapers , 15 Total Market Coverage ( “ TMC ” ) newspapers , and 11 TMC shoppers that it says reaches more than 1.8 million people and 750,000 households in 31 counties in south , central and west Ohio .
Freedom Communications Inc. says its has more than 33 dailies and 77 weeklies , including shoppers , magazines and other specialty publications coast to coast .
Now , these and other companies that have substantial numbers of weeklies serving readerships more rural than suburban may in fact be financially healthy .
But Gannett used to be one of the soundest operations in terms of balance sheet .
Look at what ’s happened to its subsidiary of weeklies serving east - central Iowa .
Seven papers , already thin in resources , will become four .
The United States has more than 6,500 weeklies .
The economic factors affecting dailies — declining advertising revenues , declining readership , rigid adherence to a failing business model — affect weeklies as well .
“ Go to the Web , ” readers are urged .
But in rural areas , served by weeklies , is that really a credible option ?
Until broadband access in offices and homes becomes as universal as telephone and electricity , going to the Web may not be a rural choice .
Readers whose newspapers fold may lose access to the local journalism they need to make informed consumer and political decisions .
And , as in the case of the readers of the East Iowa Herald , they might end up with nothing :
The paper ’s owners have not yet decided if they have the resources to produce a viable online newspaper .
This is a very important article that should be read by all :
With attention turning to the next big economic stimulus package , questions are still swirling about our economic troubles .
How did we get here ?
How do we get out ?
As usual , Washington has all the wrong answers .
According to many politicians , we got here by not spending enough , not consuming enough , and not regulating enough .
Now government , like some mythical white knight , is going to ride in to save the day by blanketing the economy with dollars , hiring an army of new bureaucrats , creating make - work jobs , and sending everyone some form of a bailout check .
The debate seems to focus on whether this will cost enough to save the economy , or if this is just a “ down payment ” with much more government spending to come .
Talk like that would be comical , if the results were n’t going to be so tragic .
The results will be worsening economic woes until we learn our lesson .
But instead Congress is behaving like drug addicts who must hit rock bottom before they are ready to face reality .
They are playing foolish games with the economy now because they are thinking only of political expedience .
This talk of job creation is a perfect example .
Contrary to the belief of many , the goal of the economy is not job creation .
Jobs can be a sign of a healthy economy , as a high energy level can be a sign of a healthy body .
But just as unhealthy substances can artificially give the addict that burst of energy that has nothing to do with health , artificially created jobs just exacerbate our problems .
The goal of a healthy economy is productivity .
Jobs are a positive outcome of that .
A “ job ” could be to dig a hole one day , and fill it back up the next , or perhaps the equivalent at a desk .
This does no one any good .
But the value in that paycheck ultimately has to come from taxing someone productive .
Some think this round - robin type of economic model is supposed to get us somewhere .
Politicians and bureaucrats have already done their fair share to ensure that jobs in the private sector are prohibitively complicated and expensive to create .
They are now shocked that the economy is shedding jobs , and want to simply create hundreds of thousands of jobs to make up for the job losses , through another so - called economic stimulus package .
The private sector must be permitted to do that , but instead they are massively burdened with taxes and webs of red tape and regulation .
Washington ’s bandaids will only prolong this agony .
The Austrian school of economics teaches that only a free market economy , unencumbered by onerous government controls , creates long - term prosperity .
Politicians , however , tend to be notoriously short - sighted .
I am left with these questions – who is going to be left standing , to tax in the private sector , to pay for all these public sector make - work jobs ?
Is Washington really to be considered some sort of savior for creating unproductive jobs in place of the productive jobs they eliminated ?
We are at an economic dead - end and those in power are in denial .
The truth is our economic problems are due to loose monetary policy , central economic planning , and the parasitic expenses of government .
Unless we assess these problems honestly , we unfortunately have a long way to go until , like the junkie , we hit rock bottom .
~PCCapitalist
It ’s official – cell phones have replaced the sports car as the new “ look at me ” purchase .
Obviously , it ’s easier to buy an iPhone than a Lamborghini but basically they mean the same thing : you ’re insecure about the size of your dong .
And with regards to a cell phone , the more functions you use the smaller your penis is .
Examples of the prick - shrinking functions are : Personal Digital Assistant – Truly one of the most pointless functions on a cell phone and used by guys who think they are players .
If you really were a player , you ’d have an actual human assistant , not a digital one .
GPS –
The fact that you are even lost in the first place means that you are a woman .
MP3 - I ’m guessing that if you carry your entire music collection on your cell then you do n’t have enough music to begin with and if you ca n’t blow out a 30 GB iPod with your collection then you are not a real man .
Wireless Internet – Alright , I ’m going to admit that I ’ve used this function , but it has never been for anything important or necessary .
It was just because I was standing in line and bored ( which is really why anyone uses the Internet in the first place ) .
And on a personal plea , there is NO NEED to look at porn on your cell phone .
If you ca n’t wait until you get home then go see a boner psychologist .
All of these extra functions on your phone are like adding spinners , spoilers , neon lights under the chaise and a leather bra on the headlights of your Porsche .
And playing with all the functions on your cell in public is like rolling around in a bright yellow Mazerati with 50 Cent busting of out your speakers .
You might as well just go ahead and declare “ Hello , World !
I just want all of you to know that my wang is the size ( and color ) of a Circus Peanut ! ”
Give me a cell phone that ’s just a phone .
Okay maybe with one function – the ability to jerk me off when I press the Send Button .
Now there ’s a function I ’d pay extra for .
Tom Perrotta , author of Little Children and The Leftovers
<><><>
“ Parents Behaving Badly is n't just a sharp satire about Little League madness ; it 's also a shrewd and sympathetic portrait of a mid-life marriage .
Scott Gummer writes with equal insight about wayward spouses and conniving coaches . ”
Cal Ripken , Jr. , member , National Baseball Hall of Fame
<><><>
“ Scott Gummer does a great job of reminding us why kids play sports , why parents coach and , with tongue in cheek , what happens when parents forget that sports are supposed to be fun .
With a great deal of humor he never loses sight of the life lessons that youth sports teach kids and parents alike .
Parents Behaving Badly is a thoroughly entertaining story that should be a must read . ”
NPR
<><><>
The title , Parents Behaving Badly , pretty much says it all .
In his debut novel , Scott Gummer lifts the cap off Little League to reveal a teeming mass of bellowed epithets , thwarted ambition , underhanded double - dealing and parents eyeing each other lustfully in the bleachers .
Thanks to his father ’s legacy as a legendary high school coach , narrator Ben Holden recoils from baseball the way most of us would at the underside of a dugout bench .
But after he and his wife , Jili , move back to their California home town , their sons get swept up in the family pastime , and Ben finds himself nursing a crush on the red - haired mom of a teammate .
Gummer , a Little League coach himself , excels in hilariously detailed descriptions of the sport and its participants .
Parents Behaving
Badly will leave you laughing and grateful that your kid decided to go out for soccer .
The Washington Post
<><><>
Scott Gummer 's first novel uses a popular sport — baseball — in one of the best ways a novel can : as a backdrop for dark comedy .
Here , Ben and Jili , a level - headed pair of suburban parents , find themselves in the middle of the very strange , weirdly competitive world of Little League baseball , where the kids are nervous , the coaches are punishing and the adults ' memories of childhood are surprisingly fresh .
In arching a brow at youth sports , Gummer resists the urge to make all of the parents awful ( only some of them are awful ) or to discount the very real trade - off that sometimes exists between winning as much as possible and having a good experience as a player .
As much as it's a sharp - tongued takedown of win- at - all - costs culture , Parents Behaving Badly is also a teasing , but ultimately affectionate , story about a happy marriage grappling with the approach of middle age and the pressures of parenting kids who are getting older every day .
Hannah Storm , ESPN Anchor & Journalist
<><><>
" Parents Behaving Badly is a devastatingly accurate — and laugh out loud funny — look at the culture of contemporary youth sports , the boys and girls who just want to have fun , and the parents who do more harm than good despite their best intentions . "
Leigh Steinberg , sports superagent
<><><>
" Indispensable reading for anyone attempting to navigate the often bizarre snake pit of youth sports .
Wickedly hilarious , brilliantly written , and filled with sharp observations that will stay with you . "
Larry Doyle , author of I Love You , Beth Cooper and Go Mutants
<><><>
" Parents Behaving Badly is the perfect melding of the modern American bloodsports of Little League and wedlock : harrowing and warm - hearted . ”
Celebrities when they were young Posted on Saturday , February 16 2008
If you are creative you can try to build something like those persons are .
As you can see there are very interesting building from cities which are made with toothpicks .
It really looks nice and I think that it worth to take a look at them .
" a Stormtrooper kick line and singing Wookiees [ with ] John Williams ' Oscar - winning score . "
purists , you might want to plug your ears , step away from the computer , and hibernate for the next little while .
The marketing train that gave ushas actually expanded beyond the screen .
The theater needs to brace itself ; is on its way .
E !
Online is reporting thatwill be entertaining / terrorizing London theatergoers starting next year , featuring I 'm not even a particularfan , and even I know this is a terrible idea .
Who would pay money to see this ?
Actually , scratch that -- made $ 35 million , so clearly there are still some suckers out there .
After recently reviewing the gOS Gadgets Ubuntu - remix , I decided to try adding Mozilla Prism , Google Gadgets , and a Wbar animated application - launch icon dock to standard Ubuntu .
Here ’s how to do that .
For starters , I downloaded the Ubuntu Desktop 8.10 iso image file and performed a fresh install in a VirtualBox virtual machine .
Adding an animated application launcher
The first step is to install Wbar , a desktop add - on that provides an attention - getting animated application - launch function .
Since Wbar ’s animated - icon dock would need to occupy the bottom of the desktop , made room there by eliminating Ubuntu ’s lower taskbar / launcher panel .
To do this , I merged the functions normally divided between the desktop ’s upper and lower panels into a single , upper panel .
This was easy to do , using functions available by right - clicking on each of the panels .
In my case , the result looked like this :
Single - panel Ubuntu desktop
( Click image to enlarge )
Now , it ’s time to install Wbar .
To do that , go to Google ’s Wbar page , and download the .deb file ( currently named “ wbar_1.3.3_i386.deb ” ) to your desktop .
Next , double - click that package ’s icon on your desktop .
This will install the Wbar package along with some dependencies .
Once Wbar is installed , you can quickly test it by issuing the following command from a console ( Menu > Accessories > Terminal ) window :
wbar - pos center - above - desk
Did that deposit a Wbar application launcher dock in the middle of your deskop ?
Assuming that was successful , it ’s time to add Wbar to the list of applications that start automatically when GNOME loads .
To do this , start GNOME ’s Sessions configuration tool ( Menu > System > Preferences > Sessions ) , and add Wbar to the list of startup programs .
For its startup command , enter : “ /usr/bin/wbar_start ” .
Next , download this file to your desktop , set its permissions to executable ( “ chmod +x wbar_start ” ) , and move it to /usr / bin / on your system ( “ sudo mv ~/Desktop/wbar_start /usr /bin / ) .
To test it , reboot your system and see if the Wbar launcher dock shows up on the bottom of your Ubuntu desktop .
In my case , it looked like this :
Ubuntu desktop with default Wbar dock
( Click image to enlarge )
At this point , I suspect you ’ll be eager to customize the contents of your Wbar application - launcher dock .
This is easy to do using Wbarconf , the Wbar configuration utility .
To install wbarconf , go here , download its .deb package ( currently “ wbarconf_0.7.2-1_i386.deb ” ) to your desktop , and double - click the resulting wbarconf icon on your desktop .
Now , use Wbarconf ( Menu > Accessories > Wbarconf ) to add / remove / rearrange the application - launch icons that appear in your animated icon dock .
Use Wbarconf to customize your Wbar launcher
( Click image to enlarge )
For each launcher you add , you ’ll need to specify the application ’s name , the command to run ( including path ) , and the program ’s icon .
Note Wbar ’s default icons are located in /usr / share / wbar / iconpak / .
Additional application - launch icons are available in /usr / share / pixmaps /.
For adding Google applications to the Wbar launcher ( or to your desktop ) download this set of icons ( courtesy of gOS ) , untar them , and place them somewhere convenient ( / usr / share / pixmaps / would be ok ) .
Following reconfiguration of Wbar , my animated application - launch icon dock morphed into this :
Customized Wbar dock
If you tried some of the Google applications and discovered they did n’t work , do n’t be too surprised — we have n’t installed Mozilla Prism or Google applications yet .
Let ’s do that now .
Installing Mozilla Prism and Google Prism applications
Adding Prism to your Ubuntu system is quite easy , using the Synaptic Package Manager ( Menu > System > Administration > Synaptic Package Manager ) .
Once Synaptic is running , type “ prism ” in the Quick Search box at the top and select the prism package ( by clicking on the box to the left of its name in the Package list ) for installation .
Then click the Apply icon at the top of Synaptic to install Prism .
This would also be a good time to install any Google applications of interest .
To do this , type “ google - prism ” in Synaptic ’s Quick Search box .
Select from among the half a dozen or so Google Prism applications that show up .
In my case , I selected google - prism - mail , google - prism - calendar , and google - prism - docs for installation .
After you select the ones you want , click Synaptic ’s Apply icon to install them .
Then close Synaptic .
This would be a good time to test your new Prism apps , by finding them in your system menu .
Google Mail ends up in the Internet group , while Calendar and Docs end up in the Office group ; you ’ll need to hunt for any others that you install .
I like how fast the Google Prism apps open up , and how they appear to be resident applications running on your desktop .
Here ’s how the three I installed look :
Three Google Prism Apps : Mail , Calendar , Docs
( Click each image to enlarge )
Going gaga over Gadgets
Now let ’s decorate your Ubuntu desktop with your choice of Web - based mini applications .
To get started , go here to find the .deb package for Google Gadgets ( currently “ google-gadgets_0.10.4-0~getdeb1_i386.deb ” ) , download it to your desktop , and double - click the package ’s icon on your desktop to install it .
Next , use GNOME ’s Sessions tool ( as above ) to add the following command to the list of sessions to be started automatically when GNOME loads , calling it Google Gadgets :
ggl-gtk -ns
At this point , you can test Google Gadgets functionality by restarting GNOME ( or rebooting your system ) .
Do you see the multicolored Google Gadgets icon ( see screenshot at right ) showing up in the status tray on the right edge of your desktop ’s upper panel ?
Right - click the Google Gadgets icon for a list of configuration options .
Click “ Add gadgets ” to browse a catalog containing hundreds of available gadgets .
The following screenshots show the Gadget Browser , and my Ubuntu desktop after I ’ve added some gadgets :
Gadget Browser ( left ) and Ubuntu desktop with gadgets ( right )
( Click each image to enlarge )
Well , that ’s all there is to it !
[ Acknowledgement :
Thanks go to the Ubuntu - based gOS Gadgets OS for inspiring me to write this article , and for being the source of the Google Applications icons referenced above . ]
Layton said yesterday that only the NDP - Liberal coalition formed last year to replace the Tories can be trusted to implement the ideas needed to help Canada through the economic turmoil .
" It 's a coalition that can help take Canada toward a better future .
The coalition will only come into being if all of the opposition parties take the courageous stand to stand up to ( Prime Minister Stephen )
Harper at this critical time after all that he 's done , " Layton told a meeting of New Democrat MPs .
" If the Liberals decide to support Mr. Harper , I have to tell them , they should know this : they 'll be doing it alone , " he said .
He later added in French that the Liberals would " carry the shame of keeping in power this government in whom we can no longer have confidence . "
But Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff is leaving himself room to back the Conservative budget next week , while warning that Harper is a " gambler " who may yet provoke opposition parties to defeat him .
Ignatieff said yesterday he was " open- mouthed with amazement " when Harper delivered the November economic update that openly goaded opposition parties while providing little relief for the country ’s ailing economy .
" I thought , ' what planet does this political leader live on ? '
So we 've had one surprise and we might well have another .
This man is a gambler , you can never tell what he 's got up his sleeve , " Ignatieff told the Star .
Ignatieff , never an enthusiastic backer of the coalition , said he wo n't pass judgment on next Tuesday ’s budget until he 's read it .
" There 's no one single trigger on this issue .
A budget is a big document , hundreds of billions of dollars , " he told reporters yesterday .
" I take a view of the ensemble of this budget .
Does it protect the vulnerable ?
Does it save jobs today ?
Does it create jobs tomorrow ?
Those are three things I 'm looking for , " he said .
He also attached a caution about the size of the deficit required to pay for the massive stimulus package , making it clear the Liberals oppose years of red ink .
" Critical to the Liberal view of this budget is fiscal prudence , is fiscal responsibility , " he said .
That view was echoed by Harper yesterday , suggesting that the Tories and Liberals could find common ground in the approach to tackling the economic downturn .
" There 's a general consensus — a strong consensus — that all governments need to spend , need to invest quickly and efficiently and effectively while at the same time avoiding a long - term , permanent deficit , " Harper said in Halifax yesterday .
Harper , who met with Ignatieff later yesterday , has also raised the prospect of tax cuts for the middle class , something the Liberal leader cautioned against yesterday .
" Our party thinks that targeted tax relief for the most vulnerable that would improve their purchasing power would be a good thing .
We have concerns about broad - based middle - class tax cuts ' cause we worry this will pitch the country into a deficit , " Ignatieff said .
After his speech , Layton seemed to leave room for his party to support the budget if Harper showed a change of heart .
" We always believe in miracles , " he told reporters .
" I 've lost confidence in Mr. Harper 's administration and that 's of course going to make it very difficult for us when it comes to the budget . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Meanwhile , Don Drummond , chief economist for TD Bank , said he does not believe predictions the deficit will hit $ 40 billion in next week 's budget .
He said the deficit now likely stands around $ 10 billion and that the budget is likely to add $ 12 billion to $ 14 billion in spending stimulus .
State Bill to Decriminalize Marijuana Would Save Millions
Three representatives introduced a bill in the state house this morning that would reduce the penalty for marijuana possession to a mere $ 100 fine .
[ Update : Nine additional co-sponsors have signed on . ]
Under current law , possessing as little as one joint is punishable by up to 90 days in jail .
In Washington last year , 11,553 people were arrested on marijuana possession charges .
But can it pass ?
This year seems an especially unlikely time for legislators to embrace liberal civil - liberty - lovin ’ bills , considering the priority of bridging Washington 's $ 6 billion budget gap .
But the financial crunch may prove a paradoxical windfall .
Sponsors and advocates behind the bill intend to capitalize on the bill ’s savings .
Representative Brendan Williams ( D - 22 , Olympia ) , one of the bills co-sponsors , says he plans to “ frame it in terms of the tradeoff in the budget discussion … and set a square alternative .
He says conservative legislators could be attracted to the cost - saving argument for decriminalization more than ever .
“ Do you choose to provide health care for x number of children or fund criminalizing marijuana possession ? ” he asks .
For example , Williams cites a cost analysis of pot busts taken from Washington State Institute for Public Policy data that shows , based on the number of arrests in 2007 , Washington would save $ 7.5 million by passing the law .
Although the bill may seem too controversial to pass this year , Alison Holcomb , director of the ACLU of Washington ’s Drug Policy Project , says public opinion is on the bill ’s side .
A recent poll shows 81 percent of Washington voters believe pot laws are n’t working .
“ I think that the bill is an improvement Washington voters are ready to see , ” she says .
Massachusetts voters passed a nearly identical measure in November by a 30 - point margin — and the lack of pot-induced hysteria in Massachusetts may provide evidence that the hackneyed reefer - madness claims about marijuana reforms are unfounded .
The bill would apply to adults in possession of 40 grams or less of pot ; penalties for minors would remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , the bill is a lefty longshot , Williams acknowledges .
“ Cal Anderson used to be a voice in the wilderness on gay civil - rights issues , " he says .
" You just keep plugging away and people start thinking in terms of the change . "
The bill 's prime sponsor is representative Dave Upthegrove ( D - 33 , south King County ) .
State senator Jeanne Kohl - Welles ( D - 36 , Queen Anne ) says she will introduce a mirror bill in the state senate within a week .
Leaders all over the world are now in an Undeniable Shift to Keynes even though every such attempt in history has failed .
Please consider the madness :
The sudden resurgence of Keynesian policy is a stunning reversal of the orthodoxy of the past several decades , which held that efforts to use fiscal policy to manage the economy and mitigate downturns were doomed to failure .
Now only Germany remains publicly sceptical that fiscal stimulus will work .
Gordon Brown , UK prime minister , told reporters in late December that if monetary policy was impaired - in large part because of problems within the financial system - " then governments have to use fiscal policy , and that has been seen in every country of the world " .
Launching France 's fiscal stimulus , President Nicolas Sarkozy said : " Our answer to this crisis is investment because it is the best way to support growth and save the jobs of today - and the only way to prepare for the jobs of tomorrow . "
Germany has voiced the strongest principled objections to large - scale fiscal stimulus packages .
Peer Steinbrück , the finance minister , has complained about the " crass Keynesianism " pursued by Mr Brown , accusing him of " tossing around billions " and saddling a generation with having to pay off British debt .
Jürgen Stark , an executive board member of the European Central Bank , who was previously vice - president of the Bundesbank , warned of a " substantial risk " of a repeat of the 1970s .
" I really cannot see why discretionary fiscal policies , which have proven to be ineffective in the past , should work this time , " he said .
Jean Claude Trichet , ECB president , has taken a cautious stance , arguing in a Financial Times interview for countries to allow their deficits to rise in line with the so - called automatic stabilisers - such as higher unemployment benefits and reduced tax revenues during a recession - but warning that the prospect of future tax rises could reduce consumer confidence .
" One might lose more by loss of confidence than one might gain by additional spending , " he said .
In the US , Lawrence Summers , the former Treasury Secretary now lined up to head Mr Obama 's National Economic Council , said the fiscal stimulus will address the need to increase investment in energy , education , health and infrastructure as well as the need to stimulate the economy .
The essential idea of John Maynard Keynes 's The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money is that modern economies can suffer from a persistent lack of demand , consigning millions to what he argued is unnecessary unemployment and misery .
Keynes Discredited
The crisis policy devised by John Maynard ( Lord ) Keynes , which seemed to work well during World War II and in postwar reconstruction , met its nadir in 1975 .
Contrary to Keynesian theory , formalized in the Phillips Curve argument that inflation and mass unemployment are mutual trade offs , double digit inflation and record unemployment made further deficit spending an impossible policy .
The Japanese Experiment
Exhibit 5 . Balance Sheet Problems Forced Japanese Businesses to Pay Down Debt even with Zero Interest Rates
Balance Sheets and Paying Down Debt
There is every reason to believe US banks will face the same experience of paying down debts in a Zero Interest Rate world as opposed to going on a lending spree .
Some will challenge this notion because of Obama 's pledge to create jobs and rebuild infrastructure .
The counter is that Japan went on a wild spending spree as well , building bridges to nowhere and it did not do Japan any good .
Here is an article by James Shaft quoting Richard Koo in A long , shaky bridge to recovery that discusses this very issue .
Japan PM announces record budget
” Japan cannot avoid the tsunami of the world recession , but it can try to find a way out , ” Mr Aso told a news conference , in which he illustrated the government ’s stimulus plans with a diagram of a three - stage rocket .
” The world economy is in a once - in - a - hundred - years recession .
We need extraordinary measures to deal with an extraordinary situation , ” he said .
Japan's Extraordinary Measures Have Blown Up Already .
Japan 's public debt that exceeds 180 percent of the GDP , limiting the government ’s ability to stimulate growth
Did The Keynesian Economists Give Up Their Theories Confronted With Japan ?
Swift US action may avert Japan - style " lost decade "
Concerns that the U.S. economy may suffer a repeat of Japan 's " lost decade " have risen but Washington 's swift response to pump trillions of dollars into the financial system may yet avert that kind of long slump .
Unlike Japan , analysts point out , the U.S. central bank has been much quicker to react to the cratering housing market which roiled the economy and the banking system .
The Fed 's latest moves to directly buy $ 500 billion of mortgage - related securities are a key effort to lower home loan rates and address a root cause of the economy 's woes .
The Federal Reserve has dramatically doubled its balance sheet to more than $ 2 trillion as it tries to shore up faltering credit markets .
Where it once largely held U.S. government debt , it has exposed itself to an array of tottering banks , insurers , quasi - governmental mortgage agencies and short - term securities markets .
That figure is expected to rise to near $ 4 trillion soon , analysts say .
Learning from Japan's ' Lost Decade '
Japanese banks were the biggest victims of the country 's real estate bust .
They were in danger of insolvency , yet Japan 's central bank was slow to intervene .
Eventually , in 1995 , the Bank of Japan began to cut interest rates , and today they are near zero percent .
But by then the economic damage already had been done .
Among the Bank of Japan 's critics was a prominent Princeton University economist , who blamed " exceptionally poor monetary policymaking " for the country 's protracted malaise .
The central bank 's failure to lower interest rates in the early 1990s ultimately drove the economy into a deflationary death spiral , according to the Princeton academic .
That economist was Ben Bernanke , now chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve .
Bernanke has clearly taken the lessons of Japan to heart .
The Fed has twice cut short - term interest rates sharply , lowering its benchmark rate to 3 percent , and suggesting that it is prepared to lower rates yet again .
In addition , the Bush administration hopes the government 's economic stimulus package — including tax rebates for families and tax breaks for businesses — will help boost the faltering economy .
Advantages for the U.S .
That quick action on the part of the Federal Reserve is one reason why many economists believe the U.S. is better positioned than Japan to weather a real estate crisis .
Japanese Lessons
Do n't Try to Spend Your Way Out of a Crisis .
Japan ramped up spending on public works projects .
It did n't ease the financial crunch , and left the Japanese countryside riddled with concrete .
Save , Save , Save .
Japan 's economic fall was cushioned by the fact that Japanese consumers have one of the highest savings rates in the world .
That allowed them to maintain virtually the same rates of consumption throughout the 1990s .
American consumers have no such savings to draw upon .
Be Transparent .
In Japan , it took years before the government stepped in and forced banks to come clean about bad loans .
That prolonged the crisis , since nobody knew where the bottom was .
In the U.S. , where the financial system is generally more transparent , banks have already swallowed large write - offs for losses on subprime mortgage deals .
US Makes Same Policy Mistakes As Japan
Promoting consumer spending
Stopping transparency and mark to market accounting
Initiating massive public works projects
Treasury bailed out failed banks , auto companies , insurance companies , etc. Promises more of the same .
Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz in their classic book , A Monetary History of the United States , blamed the Federal Reserve for allowing the money supply to fall in the early 1930s ( the Fed focused instead on maintaining bank reserves ) .
Irving Fisher in his classic Debt Deflation also stressed that the money supply must not be allowed to fall .
Money being destroyed by a collapse in bank lending to the private sector must be made good by bank lending to the public sector .
In other words , given the current circumstances , the government should sell fewer government bonds than are needed to cover its borrowing requirement .
It should under - fund .
If bank ’' claims on the private sector fall , the initial effect on the other side of the balance sheet is a matching decline in their deposit liabilities ( ie , the quantity of money ) .
In these circumstances there is a risk of a debt - deflationary spiral .
If so , the right policy response is for the government itself to borrow from the banks .
It can do so either by direct borrowing or by the ensuring that banks buy substantial quantities of Treasury bills and gilts .
It 's curious how massive borrowing is both the problem and the cure .
Eight More Believers of the Free Lunch Theory
Philip Booth , Cass Business School
Tim Congdon , Lombard Street Research
Charles Goodhart , Financial Markets Group , London School of Economics
John Greenwood , Chief Economist , Invesco Perpetual Group
Michael J. Oliver , Lombard Street Research and ESC Rennes School of Business
Gordon Pepper , Lombard Street Research
David B. Smith , University of Derby
Simon Ward , Chief Economist , New Star Asset Management
Ideas On Propping Up The Stock Market
For much of the post - war period , the US Federal Reserve has been relatively successful at combating recessions by lowering the interest rate to stimulate aggregate demand .
The policy was unavailable in the 1930s because the interest rate on treasury securities was already near zero , just as it is today .
It is this fact that makes the current crisis more like the Great Depression than any other of the post - war recessions .
So where do we go from here ?
The only actor large enough to restore confidence in the US market is the US government .
The current policy of quantitative easing by the Fed is a move in the right direction but it does not , as yet , go nearly far enough .
It is time for a greatly increased role for monetary policy through direct intervention of central banks in world stock markets to prevent bubbles and crashes .
Central banks control interest rates by buying and selling securities on the open market .
A logical extension of this idea is to pick an indexed basket of securities : one candidate in the US might be the S&P 500 , and to control its price by buying and selling blocks of shares on the open market .
Even the credible announcement that a policy of this kind was being considered should be enough to boost the markets and restore consumer and investor confidence in the real economy .
Critics will argue that this policy is dangerous socialist meddling .
But I am not arguing that the government should pick winners and losers : only that it should stabilise a broad basket of stocks .
Ambrose Evans - Pritchard In On The Act
US inflation was minus 1.7 pc in November , and minus 1 pc in October .
This entirely vindicates the brave decision by Ben Bernanke at the US Federal Reserve -- and our own Mervyn King at the Bank of England -- to “ look through ” the oil spike earlier this year and keep his focus on the underlying forces at work in the global economy .
Mr Bernanke has not run out of ammunition yet .
He has a nuclear arsenal , and has begun to use it .
The Fed is already buying mortgage debt .
It has infinite means of injecting stimulus into the economy by ' quantitative easing ' , if needs be .
It can ultimately print money and hang it on Christmas trees .
Mr. Bernanke correctly judged the risk of deflation .
His critics did not anticipate this price collapse .
The burden in now on them to explain why they are sure that deflation can safely be left to run its malign course .
Bernanke Correctly Judged Nothing
Obama 's Bridge To Nowhere
John Maynard Keynes died in 1946 , but to hear President elect Obama speak you would think he was going to be heading the treasury department .
What does Obama propose to do when he takes office in January ?
Well other than raise taxes , and increase spending he believes in public works .
That ’s right , that ’s his big plan .
The same plan that did n’t help us during the Great Depression , or did n’t help the Japanese during their recession in the 1990’s , and they basically paved over everything they could .
When governments decide to follow the Keynesian philosophy they have to get the money for it , and there is only one place where that money can come from .
The taxpayers will be paying the bill for all these new , and mostly useless , projects .
This means government becomes bigger and has more control over the economy , it becomes more powerful , and governments do n’t like to give up power or cut the fat out .
Government is already too big , the expansion that Obama wants is practically Orwellian .
Aside from the government getting bigger and more intrusive there is the simple fact that Keynesian economics do n’t work .
When the stock market crashed in 1929 President Hoover , and later President Roosevelt decided that public works were the way to go .
We built the Hoover Dam , put thousands of men to work on construction projects .
Yet none of that prevented an even bigger stock market crash in 1936 , and unemployment was never lower than 14 % , that ’s hardly an economic success story .
In the 1990 ’s the Japanese economy , suffering from a downturn fueled by deflation , the Japanese government desperate to keep unemployment low and to stimulate economic activity went on a building binge .
They built bridges to nowhere that would have made Ted Stevens ashamed .
All the building did n’t get the Japanese economy moving up until deflation ended , consumers started spending , and business became more productive .
Obama ’s economic plan wo n’t accomplish any real economic growth .
The only engine for economic growth is the free market .
The Keynesian belief wo n’t add anything to the economy , but it will add to the debt , the tax burden , and increase the federal leviathan .
If Obama goes through with his economic plans we can expect the economy to go from shaky to catastrophic .
John Maynard Keynes is dead , it ’s time his wrong headed economic philosophy join him .
How Discredited " Something For Nothing " Ideas Become Policy
Fleeced by the power giants : Gas , electricity and oil prices plunge - but your energy bills are STILL higher than ever
Power companies are under increasing pressure to pass on the benefit of the plummeting price of oil .
Watchdogs are angry that domestic energy bills have continued to rise sharply since the summer even though wholesale prices have nearly halved .
Millions of families are desperate for gas , electricity and heating oil bills to fall as their household incomes are squeezed elsewhere .
Energy firms are under increasing pressure to pass on the benefit of falling oil prices by cutting household bills ( file picture )
Despite falling inflation , families still face rising food costs and hefty council tax increases next spring .
And pensioners , who already spend a major proportion of their cash on heating their homes , are seeing their savings income slashed by interest rate cuts .
Yesterday oil closed at below 45 dollars a barrel , more than 100 dollars below its July peak , and experts predict that it could drop as low as 25 dollars .
David Hunter , of energy consultants McKinnon & Clarke , said the ' big six ' firms - British Gas , E.ON , Scottish Power , Scottish & Southern , EDF Energy , and npower - enjoy a ' stranglehold ' on the power market , and claimed : ' The market is n't working . '
Motorists have been paying less for petrol in recent weeks as the price of oil has plummeted
He insisted the firms should have room for ' double digit ' cuts as soon as next month .
Mr Hunter said : ' It is clear there will be room for reductions in prices , and there will be huge political pressure for them to act . '
Gas and electricity prices are inextricably linked to the price of oil , and utilities say it takes time to pass on lower wholesale costs to customers because they buy power and gas several months in advance .
But the cost of wholesale gas and electricity has tracked the fall in oil prices .
Robert Hammond of Consumer Focus , the new body set up by the Government to fight for consumer rights , said : ' With the continued drop in wholesale prices , we have called on suppliers to lower prices without delay or explain why they wo n't .
' Where there is clear evidence of companies not passing through price reductions to consumers when they should , the regulator must take firm and swift action against the offending suppliers . '
But Garry Felgate , chief executive of the Energy Retail Association , said : ' The gas and electricity markets are still very volatile and there needs to be a sustained period of lower wholesale prices before the energy suppliers can reduce prices . '
A spokesman for British Gas parent Centrica said the firm may cut prices in the spring .
The oil price fall has meant motorists in the UK are now seeing the lowest prices at the pumps since March 2007 .
Asda recently slashed a further 1 p a litre off its fuel prices , leaving the cost of a litre of petrol at 88.9 p .
However diesel still costs up to 15 p a litre more than petrol at the pumps .
AA spokesman Luke Bosdet said : ' Diesel car owners are very angry , particularly those who bought their cars recently to benefit from the greater fuel efficiency over petrol and cut their costs . '
The Road Haulage Association has written to the Office of Fair Trading to request an investigation into the continuing high price of diesel .
A four - month ceasefire between Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza was in jeopardy today after Israeli troops killed six Hamas gunmen in a raid into the territory .
Hamas responded by firing a wave of rockets into southern Israel , although no one was injured .
The violence represented the most serious break in a ceasefire agreed in mid-June , yet both sides suggested they wanted to return to atmosphere of calm .
Israeli troops crossed into the Gaza Strip late last night near the town of Deir al - Balah .
The Israeli military said the target of the raid was a tunnel that they said Hamas was planning to use to capture Israeli soldiers positioned on the border fence 250 m away .
Four Israeli soldiers were injured in the operation , two moderately and two lightly , the military said .
One Hamas gunman was killed and Palestinians launched a volley of mortars at the Israeli military .
An Israeli air strike then killed five more Hamas fighters .
In response , Hamas launched 35 rockets into southern Israel , one reaching the city of Ashkelon .
" This was a pinpoint operation intended to prevent an immediate threat , " the Israeli military said in a statement .
" There is no intention to disrupt the ceasefire , rather the purpose of the operation was to remove an immediate and dangerous threat posted by the Hamas terror organisation . "
In Gaza , a Hamas spokesman , Fawzi Barhoum , said the group had fired rockets out of Gaza as a " response to Israel 's massive breach of the truce " .
" The Israelis began this tension and they must pay an expensive price .
They cannot leave us drowning in blood while they sleep soundly in their beds , " he said .
The attack comes shortly before a key meeting this Sunday in Cairo when Hamas and its political rival Fatah will hold talks on reconciling their differences and creating a single , unified government .
It will be the first time the two sides have met at this level since fighting a near civil war more than a year ago .
Until now it had appeared both Israel and Hamas , which seized full control of Gaza last summer , had an interest in maintaining the ceasefire .
For Israel it has meant an end to the daily barrage of rockets landing in southern towns , particularly Sderot .
For Gazans it has meant an end to the regular Israeli military raids that have caused hundreds of casualties , many of them civilian , in the past year .
Israel , however , has maintained its economic blockade on the strip , severely limiting imports and preventing all exports from Gaza .
Ehud Barak , the Israeli defence minister , had personally approved the Gaza raid , the Associated Press said .
The Israeli military concluded that Hamas was likely to want to continue the ceasefire despite the raid , it said .
The ceasefire was due to run for six months and it is still unclear whether it will stretch beyond that limit .
Something has been revealed about the psychology of the nation ’s capital .
When investors in New York become gripped by fear , they pull inward .
When Washingtonians are gripped by fear , they rush outward , with bigger and more daring plans .
The risk tolerance in the financial world has shrunk to zero , but the risk tolerance in the political world has risen to infinity .
Once America was a decentralized country , but now all roads lead to Washington .
Mighty C.E.O. ’s abase themselves before junior House members .
Governors and mayors come groveling .
The status of the lowliest bureaucrat has risen delightfully , and there is a feeling of overflowing abundance amid the national scarcity as Washington spends the trillions it does n’t have .
Such is the local boom that your humble ambassador can drive from his residence , and in a few minutes he can count 10 McMansions under construction .
And this leads , sad to say , to the third layer of emotion : anxiety .
Many of those swept up in the excitement of this historical moment also have the nagging sensation that perhaps the laws of gravity , economics and history have not been repealed .
Perhaps Mr. Obama ’s talents , while great , are not as great as his self - confidence .
Perhaps the New Deal paradigm everybody is applying does n’t actually fit the circumstances .
Certainly something big needs to be done to calm this crisis , but perhaps in the doing , some unholiness is being unwittingly and rashly created .
Why is it , some ask , that America is so slavishly following the same failed route earlier taken by the Japanese  from bank capitalization , to industrial bailouts to infrastructure spending ?
Why is it that the pork - meisters in Congress are already distorting the best - laid stimulus plans ?
Why are there so few saying “ no ” to any budget request ?
Why do so many of the plans being offered rely upon a Magic Technocrat  an all - knowing Car Czar who can reorganize Detroit , an all - seeing team of Olympians who decide which medicines doctors will be allowed to prescribe ?
The wisest Americans are throwing piles of money around , while looking nervously for signs of fiscal ruin .
Your humble ambassador will remain your eyes and ears , and will scoop up any stray billions he finds lying around .
A contentious proposal to create a massive database of communications metadata in the United Kingdom has just become even more controversial .
According to reports in the British press , a " consultation paper " laying out the plan , slated for release in January , contemplates outsourcing the maintenance of the database to private - sector firms .
The proposal has already come under fire from civil liberties groups , the European human rights commissioner , and former public officials .
Initially included in Britain 's Communications Data Bill as part of a sweeping Interception Modernisation Programme , the surveillance proposal was dropped from the legislation in September , but it was not abandoned .
The database is projected to cost some £ 12 billion ( $ 17.5 billion US ) , and would contain metadata about every phone call placed , every e-mail or text message sent , and every Web site visited in the UK , reports say .
Such " metadata " would include routing information , such as the sender and recipient of an e-mail , as well as times and dates .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , a strong proponent of the plan , has repeatedly stressed that the database would not include the contents of any communication .
Still , the sheer quantity of data would provide a highly detailed portrait of the movements and activities of individuals .
The sweeping program is necessary , according to the Home Office , because " the way in which we collect communications data needs to change so that law enforcement agencies can maintain their ability to tackle serious crime and terrorism . "
Proponents say rigid safeguards will prevent the misuse of personal data .
Not everyone is convinced .
Former Director of Public Prosecutions Sir Ken Macdonald , who has become a prominent critic of growing government surveillance , called the database an " unimaginable hell - house of personal private information , " notwithstanding promised safeguards .
" Authorisations for access might be written into statute .
The most senior ministers and officials might be designated as scrutineers .
But none of this means anything , " Macdonald told The Guardian .
" All history tells us that reassurances like these are worthless in the long run .
In the first security crisis the locks would loosen . "
The British civil liberties group Liberty has similarly called the plan " folly . "
The plan may also face international opposition .
Earlier this month , the European human rights court ruled that a similarly sweeping DNA database , which contained genetic samples from thousands of citizens who had not been convicted of any crime , violated privacy rights .
And Thomas Hammarberg , the Council of Europe 's Commissioner for Human Rights , has already expressed his misgivings about the metadata surveillance plan .
Hammarberg told reporters he found it " worrying that new legislation proposals intend to expand the authorities ' power to allow personal data collection and sharing , " which he said would " would increase the risk of violation of individuals ' privacy " even with " safety measures " in place .
If the British proposal sounds familiar , it should .
A similarly broad metadata collection and analysis effort was one component of the National Security Agency 's extralegal Stellar Wind program here in the US .
That aspect of the program is believed to have been significantly modified or abandoned after Justice Department lawyers staged a virtual mutiny , threatening to resign if it were reauthorized over their legal objections .
Whether some successor to that program continues today , or falls within the scope of warrantless surveillance authorized by this summer 's FISA Amendments
Act , remains unclear .
I used to write in files like this :
open ( ' somefile ' , 'w' ) .write( content )
It ’s ugly for sure , and a more proper way is :
f = open ( ' somefile ' , 'w ' ) try : f.write ( content ) finally : f.close ( )
But since Python 2.6 , the with statement is superior for this code pattern :
with open ( ' somefile ' , 'w ' ) as f : f.write ( content )
This is so natural in fact that I am always thinking about with when I work with classes that have a start / stop or open / close behavior .
So , what about adding this behavior into imaplib .
IMAP4 , ftplib .
FTP and smtplib .
SMTP ?
So we can write things like this :
>>> from ftplib import FTP >>> with FTP ( 'ftp.somewhere.com ' ) as ftp : ... ftp.login( ' someone ' , ' pass ' ) ... ( some code ) ...
I am working on a series of patches for this , and wondering if some other classes in the standard library could benefit from this as well ..
Wildly intelligent and supremely versatile in the ways in which it can be used , Google Home is a solid smart speaker .
It 's not as integrated with Google 's own services as we'd like , and the Google Home has some room to improve in terms of audio quality , but it 's come a long way since launch .
The Google Home is one of the most popular smart speakers on the planet , despite landing on the smart home scene later than the Amazon Echo .
Since the launch of the Google Home in 2016 , the search giant has released a number of smart speakers in the range , including the Google Home Mini , and Google Home Hub .
More recently , Google Home speakers have undergone a name change ; nowadays , new Google speakers fall under the Google Nest mantle , including the Google Nest Hub Max and the Google Nest Mini .
Google has also now officially lifted the veil on its new and improved Nest smart speaker by releasing a teaser video , so there 's more choice than ever when it comes to Google Assistant speakers .
What 's common among all these smart speakers is that they come with Google Assistant built - in – and the voice assistant is getting smarter all the time thanks to regular updates and machine learning capabilities .
This means you can ask your Google Home speaker to give you the weather report , lower your smart thermostat for you when you leave your home , tell you a fact , or have it find the funny YouTube clip that had you in stitches last night and send it across to your Chromecast .
[ Update : The successor to the Google Home – the so - called Google Nest Audio – is expected to be launched alongside the Pixel 5 and a new Chromecast .
We 'll be covering all the news from Google 's ' # LaunchNightIn ' on Wednesday , September 30 , with the event kicking off at 11 am PT / 2 pm ET / 7 pm BST ( that 's 4 am , October 1 in Australia ) . ]
Of course , voice assistants are n't perfect , and sometimes you may find your questions are lost in translation when speaking to Google Assistant .
That general problem – something working sometimes , but not all the time – is n’t just symptomatic of the $ 89 / £ 89 / AU$ 128 Google Home ; its biggest rival , the Amazon Echo , is far from immune to them as well .
In due time , both devices will get smarter , but for now , they do make some errors .
One way Google has addressed this is by adding Multiple Actions and Continued Conversation , with both making it easier to ask multiple questions at the same time .
Google
Home may not be perfect , but it ’s sure to get better over time as Google continues to work on its AI voice assistant technology , Google Assistant , and we ’ll be updating our review regularly as new functionality continues to be added .
[ Update : Your smart home is about to get even smarter , according to the latest update from the Zigbee Alliance , a group of companies working towards a unified standard for smart home devices .
The group , which includes Apple , Google , and Amazon , said that it's on track for a 2021 launch in a recent update , and will deliver a draft specification " by late 2020 "
With all of these big companies working together , it could allow us far more choice when it comes to adding new devices to your smart home – in theory , you would n't be tied down to one system , as it becomes easier for manufacturers to include support for the major voice assistants ( Google Assistant , Amazon Alexa , and Apple 's Siri ) within their products . ]
What 's new for Google Home ?
Your Google Home is changing all the time – that 's because new updates are being added to Google Assistant all the time .
Now you can even teach the voice assistant to better recognize your voice so you can receive personalized results to your commands and queries .
The Google Home app is getting a redesign , hopefully making it simpler to use and to control your other smart home devices .
That 's not the only change to Google Home products , however – the company is trialling simpler controls for its
Nest smart displays , including the Google Nest Hub Max .
It 's not all good news , though ; Google quietly removed a handy Google Home feature called Guest Mode , which used to be a way to cast media to a Google Cast - enabled device without sharing the same Wi -Fi service .
Guests without Wi -Fi credentials could get a four - digit pin , which would be used to directly connect to the speaker .
Without that , guests now need the full Wi -Fi password instead .
Not the end of the world , but annoying .
It 's also emerged that Google Home speakers have been experiencing issues with Bluetooth connectivity .
Google says that it 's working on a fix , but with some problems dating back over a year , is it too little , too late ?
In more positive news , Google announced that Assistant has now made its way to more than 500 million devices .
That means not only does it come built - in to Google Home , it works on over 5,000 different devices - from cars to phones .
Google Assistant now supports Pandora Premium – simply set the platform as your default music streaming service and say " Hey Google , play " followed by the name of a song , artist , playlist or station .
Also , if you have an Android smart TV , you can now use Google Assistant to communicate with Netflix , asking it to play content just like if you had the Nvidia Shield set top box .
Google Assistant has a new feature that means you can now assign reminders to different people in your household .
That means if you share your home with others you can evenly distribute all of the different chores .
A new feature to enable mobile calling is coming to Australia before a wider rollout , too .
Image credit : Google
Design
Now , because “ air freshener ” can be a varied description depending on where you are in the world , a more apt description of its shape might be a small vase – it has a wide bottom and a tapered top .
Each Google
Home comes with a standard , gray fabric base with a rubber bottom that can be swapped out for a different material or color for around $ 20 / £ 18 / AU $ 29 .
So far , Google offers two types of bases to match your home decor : metallic and fabric , each with different colors and finishes .
Metallic bases are made out of either painted steel or polycarbonate and come in copper , snow or carbon colors .
On the fabric side , the three colors are mango , marine and violet , in addition to the standard white mesh listed above .
Considering a Google Home ?
Check out our Google Home Max review before you decide .
From a pure aesthetic point of view , Google Home is the far more attractive option when compared to the Amazon Echo ’s all - black canister shape .
It ’s less ominous than the black monolith and it ’s also a fair bit shorter at 5.62 x 3.79 inches ( 142.8 x 96.4 mm ; H x D ) , which means it ’s easier for the Home to blend into its surroundings .
Image credit : TechRadar
There ’s also some function to this form , however .
The top , flat , inclined surface of the Google Home acts as a touch - capacitive panel , allowing you to change the volume , play and pause the music or activate the Google Home assistant with a tap .
Once activated either by pressing the top panel for a couple of seconds or saying the wake word ( “ OK Google ” or “ Hey Google ” ) , four multi-colored lights twist and whirl to indicate that you ’ve caught its attention .
While Amazon ’s Echo has a physical control to change its volume , Google Home ’s touch controls feel less precise .
We do however appreciate the inclusion of a physical button to mute the speaker , which means you can be sure when it is , and is not , listening .
Google
Home generally does an ok job of picking up your voice with its two built - in microphones located on the top half of the chassis , but it does n’t work 100 % of the time .
Whether this is down to Google ’s software , or its reliance on two microphones rather than the Amazon Echo ’s five , it means you ’ll definitely end up repeating yourself or raising your voice to get its attention more .
Uncap the bottom base and you ’ll find a speaker and two passive radiators , which , considering the sheer volume the little device can put out , is impressive .
The Amazon Echo has a few more speakers inside its chassis , and can therefore sound a bit better at higher volumes , however what ’s under the hood here is enough to get the job done .
Amazon Echo vs Google Home : which smart speaker is best for you ?
Audio performance
While Google Assistant , the voice and smarts inside the speaker , might be the main attraction here , Google Home is actually a pretty capable audio device as well .
It can access all sorts of streaming services – Google Play Music , YouTube Music , Spotify and Pandora – and works as a WiFi speaker thanks to its built - in Google Cast capabilities .
What that means in practice is that you ’ll be able to ask it to play nearly any song you can think of , and it will either find it on Google Play Music ’s 30 - million - plus catalogue or , if you ’ve taken it up on its free trial offer , pull it up YouTube Music .
Think about that for a second .
Unlimited access to music on YouTube ?
Yeah , by far and away , Google Home probably has the largest song library of any audio device on the market .
We tried for an hour to find a song that Google Home could n’t pull up – recalling some seriously obscure music , like the theme song from 1998 ’s Banjo - Kazooie game on N64 to the title track for Requiem for a Dream – to no avail .
Of course , you ’ll likely stumble across something that Google Home can’t find , but the fact that we could n’t stump it after arming ourselves with dozens of songs is absolutely unheard of .
Image credit : TechRadar
Less impressive is how much difficulty the Google Home had with recognising band names that sound similar to one another .
Try as we might , we could n’t get the speaker to play any music by the band ‘ Brontide ’ .
Sometimes it would claim that their music was n’t available ( it ’s on Spotify ) , or else it would play music or playlists from completely unrelated artists .
It ’s also too bad the expansive library of songs is stuck – for the most part – inside a less - than - amazing - sounding speaker .
Compared to Bluetooth speakers in its price range like , say , the Creative Sound Blaster Roar 2 or Razer Leviathan Mini , music on the Google Home comes off as less robust with little separation and little punch in the low - end or clarity in the mids and highs .
Now , it ’s not completely incapable for playing decent - sounding music – it does have some bass and some mids – but , if you ’re expecting Google Home to replace your Hi-Fi setup , you ’ll be severely disappointed .
( Audiophiles , keep in mind that a vast majority of the time Google Home sources its music from YouTube , a site infamous for its audio compression . )
But Google
Home makes up for its less - than - pristine audio quality with a feature that other speakers do n’t have , and that ’s its ability to both receive and send Google Cast signals , making it the only audio device that can not only stream music from your phone , but send video streams to any Google Cast - compatible connected devices as well .
Image credit : TechRadar
Google Cast and Chromecast performance
One of our smaller frustrations with the Amazon Echo Dot , Amazon ’s smart speaker that ’s designed to be plugged into an existing audio setup , was that there was no way to control which speaker was used as its output using voice commands .
In theory , Google Home does n’t have this issue .
Simply set up a Chromecast with a name that ’s easy to pronounce , and you can tell your Google Home to cast your favourite songs or even videos to your Hi-Fi and TV respectively .
At launch in both the UK and Australia , it supported a number of local streaming services .
For example , in the UK we were able to play BBC Radio 4 on the speaker directly , which it was intelligent enough to automatically stream from iPlayer , and it was also capable of streaming from Channel 4 ’s All 4 streaming app .
In theory it ’s a great streaming solution , but in practice we had trouble with the functionality .
Take as an example the phrase , “ Watch Rick and Morty from Netflix on Jon ’s Projector . ”
If your pronunciation is perfect then the command will work most of the time , but if the speaker fails to hear any part of the instruction then it will fail completely .
Image credit : TechRadar
Then there ’s the issue of selecting specific episodes , which Google Home is unable to do .
Ask it to play a show and it will start from where you last left off , but you ca n’t ask it to play a specific episode .
Skipping between episodes , meanwhile , works well .
We ’d love it if the speaker was intelligent enough to remember part of the command and ask for clarification on the parts that it did n’t understand , but as it stands you have to get the whole command right in one go .
It ’s also a pain to control playback once you ’ve started casting .
Instructing the speaker to ‘ play ’ or ‘ pause ’ works well , but if you tell it to play another song then it suddenly forgets that it ’s casting and will instead play the new song from the Home ’s own speaker .
The big promise with Google Assistant was that it would be contextually aware , but from our experience it has a long way to go .
You ’ll find yourself repeating a lot of information that the Home should be able to work out itself .
Google Home as the center of your smart home
Of course , Chromecast is n’t the only device that Google Home can talk to .
There are a half - dozen devices that can hook into Google Home right now , or will be able to do so soon .
( We ’ve compiled a list of the best Google Home smart home devices so you do n’t have to waste time tracking each one down . )
The highlights of what Google Home can connect to right now are Nest thermostats , Philips Hue lightbulbs and Samsung ’s SmartThings platform , while support for even more third - party devices like LIFX lightbulbs and LG MusicFlow speakers should be coming soon .
Google Home will also integrate with thermostats from Netatmo and Tado .
Although you ’ll frequently need to sign into these third - party products , once you ’re in the functionality works well .
We tested the Google Home with a Nest setup and found that its commands were easy and intuitive to give .
Recently , Google announced that Home would support several new smart home ecosystems including products from August , Wink , LIFX , TP - Link , Rachio , Vivent , First Alert , Frigidaire , Logitech , Geeni , Anova and US - retailer Best Buy ’s Insignia brand .
Together , these should give you far more options for which devices you can string together and give you more control of your burgeoning smart home .
Image credit : TechRadar
While further hardware integration is nice , one of the largest problem Google Home faces is that it ca n’t integrate with many of Google ’s own services – like Gmail , Voice and Docs – which have been its bread and butter for years .
Take Gmail , for instance .
You ’d think Google Home might be able to rattle off the subjects of your top 10 emails – but , surprise , it ca n ’t .
The same goes for Google Calendar where it ’s unable to create new events ( although it will happily read out existing events in your calendar ) , make phone calls with Google Voice or jot down some quick notes in a Google Doc .
Google has a dozen services that the Home should be able to link into and yet , in its current state , simply cannot .
Not only is this a big disappointment , but it makes us wonder why this functionality was n't given more of a priority .
And while it ’s easy to hammer this point home and point out all Google Home ’s shortcomings in one long - winded tirade , we ’re not going to .
That ’s not because we ’re avoiding the harsh criticism or defending the Home , we ’re not .
But we ’ve already fallen into that trap of being overly critical of a smart platform once before with Amazon Echo , and since then it has flourished into an amazingly smart , connected platform that can answer hundreds more questions than it could two short years ago .
It can order pizza or restock the refrigerator or call an Uber or check what time a restaurant closes , and the list of everything it can do grows week over week .
Image credit : TechRadar
Google Home can do some of that already , making it far and away a better system now than the Echo was when it first launched .
Some of that it can’t .
But , speaking from experience , it ’s only going to get better , smarter and more robust in the coming weeks , months and years .
It ’s just not there yet .
We liked
One thing ’s for sure :
You might never appreciate just how much music is on YouTube without buying a Google Home .
While some of the biggest music streaming services in the world boast libraries of 25 , 30 and even 40 million songs , they ’re far from complete .
We ’re not saying Google Home is capable of playing any song you can think of , but after dredging the depths of the ’90s we still could n’t find a tune Google Home could n’t find .
And while Google Home excels as a DJ , it ’s also a surprisingly intelligent smart home hub .
It already hooks into some of the largest platforms now by including Nest , Philips and Samsung ’s SmartThings , and given a few months that number will grow even more .
Its Google Cast functionality is excellent , and has real potential .
Image credit : TechRadar
We disliked
Clearly the lack of integration into Google ’s own services is a huge issue .
The fact that it ca n’t shoot an email to someone in your contacts or help you schedule events through Google Calendar are massive oversights that vastly reduce how useful the Home could be .
The other problem with Google Assistant is how precise you have to be when asking your questions .
Asking what year a song was written might not turn up any results , while asking what year a song was released might unveil the exact answer you were looking for .
Follow up any inquiry with a simple request like “ OK Google , tell me more about it ” and it suddenly forgets what you ’ve been talking about for the past 30 seconds .
A lack of contextual awareness is also a massive problem for its Google Cast functionality right now .
Be prepared to reiterate where you want your music to play from a lot when using Google Home .
Admittedly , this lack of contextual awareness is n’t something that Alexa deals with – which is surprising considering that the Echo does n’t come from the company with 20 - plus years of search engine experience .
Final verdict
It ’s easy to feel disappointed with Google Home when you buy one and expect it to be the coveted center of the smart home Google has marketed it as .
It ’s just not there yet .
It ’s a bit too rigid in its language comprehension , its list of smart home devices is growing but still a bit underwhelming , and , perhaps the biggest disappointment of all , it does n’t have many of Google ’s core services built into it .
The best comparison for Google Home , obviously , is the Amazon Echo .
They both have identical functions , fetch music from similar sources and are stumped , largely , by the same set of questions .
While the Echo is still the more formidable of the two thanks to the dozens of developers who have created bespoke commands , the Home is – at worst – about six months behind in development .
There ’s also the issue that although the Home is more ambitious with its media playback , it has n’t worked out a way for you to access this functionality in a way that ’s simple enough to be done with your voice .
There ’s little point in having all that functionality when it ’s a chore to use .
Given the same attention from hardware and software developers and some of those additional Google services , the Home could quickly grow from a nascent smart speaker with Chromecast integration to the first and most critical piece of the ever - expanding smart home .
For now , the Google Home is simply a smart novelty with access to YouTube Music , built - in Google Cast and the ability to save you a trip to the light switch .
Jon Porter also contributed to this review .
The A4 rocket motor was the first design that successfully moved large volumes of fuel to the combustion chamber using gas - turbine driven fuel pumps .
The gas - turbine was powered by hydrogen peroxide , of which 130 litres were contained in the small ellipsoidal tank .
This liquid was expelled from the tank by compressed nitrogen from the bottles on the rack .
The thrust frame was one of the key components in the engine assembly .
The frame was able to successfully transmit 25 - tons thrust to the rocket and withstood the punishment while being extremely light as well -
( Drawing based on original in Peenemünde archives )
Click here for a comparative photo of V2 engine
Aside from whether or not you think it's an insult to entertain a notorious bigot at the television event of the year , why is n't Obama worrying more about Warren 's charlatan - tastic profile ?
If I was an underwriter , I 'd say this guy has all the " tells " of a big risk .
Deja vu : major Fundie evangelist can't stop talking about how disgusting gay people are , comparing them to incestors and pedophiles .
Decries loose women having abortions .
Demands his enemies be offed .
Then caps it all off with how much he " loves " everybody .
Send your check now !
Warren has all the earmarks we saw with Ted Haggard , Larry Craig , Bob Allen , David " DiaperPants " Vitter , et al .
It 's a bad rerun .
If this dude is n't found in a bathroom with a wide stance and a hooker in the next year , someone 's not doing their job .
Paging Jeff Gannon !
I have a different pastor for Obama to consider , if he'd like to take a second look …
( Photo : Screen capture from video of a Saddleback church service Orange County Register )
Here 's a video of Obama defending his invitation .
Here 's a video of Rick Warren Campaigning for Prop 8 , to stop gay marriage .
( Susie Bright is a guest blogger )
There are fears China 's internet " clean up " could be used to stifle dissent
A leading Chinese search engine has apologised for providing links to pornographic content following an official internet crackdown .
The owners of Baidu said they felt " deeply guilty " for any " negative effects " such sites had on web users .
Baidu was among 19 sites criticised by the government for failing to get rid of material it deemed unsuitable .
The sites have been told to clean up or face possibly being shut down .
China 's two leading online gaming operators , NetEase and SINA Corp , have also issued apologies .
Baidu said it had deleted the " obscene content and links concerned " and had also improved it regulatory system .
" We apologise to the netizens at large for the negative impacts we brought upon the society , " it said .
The BBC's Micky Bristow in Beijing says China believes it has a duty to protect public morality and fears that " unhealthy " content could be damaging for young people .
But some fear that the latest crackdown could be used as an excuse to stifle expressions of political dissent online , says our correspondent .
Best Office Pranks of All Time Posted on Saturday , April 26 2008
Not going to Beijing ?
Go for the gold with one of these devices that bring the games to you .
Starting today , the world will turn its eyes to Beijing for the games of the 29th Summer Olympiad , and like most of the world , you wo n't be there to see it firsthand .
Do n't let geographical constraints stop you from enjoying the games .
We 've got ten talented devices that will bring the action right to you .
And given the air quality in Beijing , your sofa might actually be a better seat than any stadium in the Chinese capital anyway .
is a 52 - inch 1080 p LCD HDTV with a 120 - Hz display setting that fills the bill perfectly .
Another excellent choice is the , a set that minimizes motion blur and offers a wide viewing angle , so that everyone can gather around to see who crosses the finish line first .
Pair one of these HDTVs with a good universal remote and you wo n't ever have to get out of your chair .
( How 's that for physical fitness ? )
Check out the excellent , an easy - to - use , comprehensive clicker that will make your life easier all year round .
But do n't be swayed by the yes , it 's a sports - centric remote control , but there 's really nothing " ultimate " about it .
Since the Olympic games last for several weeks , you 'll probably have to leave the house at some point .
The good news is that your Olympic experience does n't have to end because you are no longer in front of the TV .
The lets you watch Olympic events in HD anywhere you have an Internet connection .
And of course , there 's the old standby , TiVo .
You can get the for about $ 250 bucks and store a whopping 160 GB of gorgeous high - def content .
Better yet , you can fast - forward through the treacly athlete back stories , then pause and rewind once the real action begins .
And DISH Network subscribers can get an integrated DVR experience with the .
As for cell - phone coverage , AT&T used its clout as an Olympic sponsor to secure an exclusive on coverage for its network , and the features a sweet 3 - inch screen to watch Michael Phelps do his thing .
There are so many events in the Summer Games that there 's no way NBC is going to be able to show all of them on broadcast channels .
Have no fear , rhythmic gymnastics fans NBC.com will be offering an astounding 4,400 hours of on - demand streaming content in addition to its 2,200 hours of live streaming content .
With a media extender like the , you can move that stream from your PC to your HDTV .
The does just the opposite it streams HD and SD content over the air to your Mac and PC .
If all these devices are too much for your HDTV 's HDMI ports to handle , the gives you four extra ports and is compatible with Logitech Harmony remotes , too .
So whether you want to catch every single event or just a select few , these devices are sure to deliver the action .
The Archos TV + has far more features than Apple TVan Internet browser and a DVR for recording TV , for instance  but its user interface , which will be familiar to Archos users , is n't as fun to navigate .
MediaFLO TV is the only real ( non- Web - streaming ) mobile TV service available .
And the AT&T version has better channel selection than Verizon 's existing V Cast service , thanks to its movie channel .
The ViP722 DVR box from Dish Network is similar to last year 's versatile , cutting - edge ViP622 model , but it sports a new look and offers increased storage .
In a nutshell , this satellite set - top box is just more of an already - good thing .
This network - attached HDTV tuner delivers over - the - air HD and SD programming and unscrambled cable television channels to any PC or Mac on your network .
In addition , the Mac software lets you convert files so that you can watch them on mobile devices like iPods , iPhones , and PSPs .
This device does a lot more than your typical remote .
It can control multiple A/V devices , browse the Web , and even send and receive e-mail .
Unfortunately , it does n't excel at any of these .
Short on HDMI ports in your home - theater setup ?
The IOGear 4 - Port Automatic HDMI
Switch delivers trouble - free performance , eliminating the need to juggle cables each time you want to free up a port .
LG 's newest 47 - inch LCD HDTV offers impressively accurate color and superb picture detail with HD sources .
It 'll cost you , but this is the best LCD set we 've seen .
The Vu showcases AT&T's Mobile TV service : ten channels of true digital TV programming shot out over an old UHF channel .
To get TV on your Vu , you have to sign up for the service , pay the requisite $ 15 per month , pop out the 5 - inch - long antenna from the top right - hand corner of the phone , and hit the TV button .
This universal remote has it all : easy programming via computer software , ability to control multiple components / inputs with one button , and a high - resolution color LCD .
The Samsung LN52A750's well - contrasted picture and excellent HD color quality add up to an impressive viewing experience .
Never miss must - see TV with this well - priced , HD - compatible box .
As long as you do n't expect miracles in video quality when streaming over the Internet , the Slingbox SOLO delivers .
Combining the best of the legendary simple - to - use TiVo interface with dual CableCARD readers and an affordable price ( finally ! ) , the new TiVo HD delivers the promise that the made .
While used and refurb'd electronics have a long history of delivering more than the purchaser bargained for , like assembly - line photos MI6 documents , or the phone number to Sarah Palin 's hair stylist , New Zealand man Chris Ogle 's surprise find is a little more troubling .
He picked up the above unidentified MP3 player at a thrift shop in Oklahoma for $ 18 used .
On it were 60 files , many of which appear to be US Army property of a confidential nature , including one that lists soldier names , SSNs , and phone numbers , and another doc that appears to be a mission plan .
Sadly the Government is choosing to ignore this little security breach , but we think it should step up and make Mr. Ogle an offer .
He 's likely to let the thing go cheap thanks to a second unfortunate discovery : it does n't even play music any more .
[ Via The Sydney Morning Herald
Russia has thrown down a new gauntlet to Barack Obama with an announcement that it will sharply increase production of strategic nuclear missiles .
In the latest of a series of combative moves by the Kremlin , a senior government official in Moscow said the Russian military would commission 70 strategic missiles over the next three years , as part of a massive rearmament programme which will also include short - range missiles , 300 tanks , 14 warships and 50 planes .
Military experts said the planned new arsenal was presumed to consist of land - based intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) rather than submarine - launched missiles .
If this is the case , the plans represent a fourfold increase in the rate of ICBM deployment .
The arsenal will include a new - generation , multiple - warhead ICBM called the RS - 24 .
It was first test - fired in 2007 , with first deputy prime minister Sergei Ivanov boasting it was " capable of overcoming any existing or future missile defence systems " .
The new missiles will be part of a £ 95bn defence procurement package for 2009 - 2011 , a 28 % increase in arms spending , according to Vladislav Putilin of the cabinet 's military - industrial commission .
There will be further increases in spending in the following two years .
The new military procurements follow the war in Georgia in August .
Russian forces easily routed Georgian troops , but the conflict exposed weaknesses in the Russian army , including outdated equipment and poorly co-ordinated command structures .
The defence ministry said it would carry out drastic reforms , turning the army into a more modern force .
Vladimir Putin on Monday urged cabinet officials to quickly allocate funds for new weapons and closely control the quality and pace of their production .
Military experts said the construction of 70 long - range nuclear missiles in the next three years represented a Russian attempt to strengthen its bargaining position with Washington , in talks aimed at agreeing new nuclear weapons cuts when the current treaty in force , Start I , expires next December .
Moscow 's strategy appears to be to challenge Obama 's new administration as soon as it takes office on 20 January .
On the day Obama was elected the Russian president , Dmitry Medvedev , announced plans to station short - range Iskander missiles in Russia 's Kaliningrad exclave as a counter to American installation of its missile defence system in eastern Europe .
Ruben Sergeev , an expert on disarmament issues , said Moscow was afraid of falling behind in a new arms race .
" Russia is decommissioning its old liquid - fuel missiles from the Soviet era at a rate of several dozen every year , " he said .
" The Kremlin knows that if it does n't increase production of ICBMs rapidly now then it will have no chance of getting a new arms reduction treaty out of the US , which has much greater quantities of missiles . "
Negotiations on a successor to Start I have been bogged down in detail , and hamstrung by the Bush administration 's lame duck status .
The chief US negotiator , John Rood , said last week that the latest sticking point was Russian insistence that the new treaty cover long - range delivery systems , such as bombers and missiles , intended for conventional arms as well as nuclear warheads .
The US wants the treaty to focus solely on nuclear warheads .
Moscow has also signalled that it would supply Tehran with new surface - to - air missiles in defiance of US opposition .
Washington has asked for more information on the sales , fearing the weapons being sold include long - range S - 300 missiles , which have a 120 km ( 75 mile ) range .
They could threaten US planes in Iraq , and could also protect Iranian nuclear sites from aerial attack .
The US has set aside its own plans for military action against Iran for now , but US officials hoped that fear of an Israeli strike would make Iran more amenable to suspending its enrichment of uranium .
Arms treaties
Start I Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , July 1991 , limited US and Soviet Union to long - range nuclear arsenals of 6,000 warheads on 1,600 delivery systems .
Expires 5 December 2009 .
INF Intermediate - Range Nuclear Forces treaty 1987 banned missiles such as the US Cruise with range of 3,500 miles .
Start II Signed 1993 , supposed to ban multiple warheads on long - range missiles .
Russian Duma delayed ratifying and it never came into force .
Start III Negotiated in 1997 to reduce nuclear stockpiles to 2,000 - 2,500 warheads , but fell apart over the US missile defence system .
Talks resumed in 2007 .
Sort Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty , or 2002 Moscow Treaty , cuts US and Russian arsenals to 1,700 - 2,200 operationally deployed warheads each .
No verification procedures .
It 's alive .
Sens. Barbara Boxer ( D. , Calif . ) Olympia Snowe ( R. , Maine ) re-introduced the Senate version of the consumer protection bill sometimes known as the " passenger bill of rights , " earlier this week .
( Here 's the text . )
According to the two Senators , here ’s what the law would require :
The biggest component of the Senate bill is probably ...
Google growing its ad revenue Company squeezing out more revenue by increasing amount , frequency of advertising on its numerous products , even its image search and finance properties
Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Google growing its ad revenue 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Google users are seeing more ads across the Web giant 's vast empire .
With the economy weakening , the Mountain View company has turned on a spigot of sales pitches in areas once devoid of them .
On other properties , it has increased their number and frequency .
The changes highlight how Google is trying to squeeze more money from its business at a time when many investors are worried about the company 's performance .
Although the revenue gained is relatively small , according to analysts , it nonetheless helps offset some of the slowing growth that comes with being a more mature company in difficult times .
" Now is n't the time to be turning away business , " said Todd Greenwald , an analyst with Signal Hill Capital Group .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Google recently started placing ads on its image search and finance properties , both of which were previously free of marketing messages .
Tests on the news area are under way .
As it increases ad coverage , Google has also lifted restrictions on the kinds of ads that can appear .
Over the past few months , beer , wine and hard alcohol ads have been allowed in the United States , along with gambling ads in the United Kingdom .
Until late last year , Google did n't seem to be in a hurry .
Many of its products had operated for years without any attempt to make money from them , exasperating some investors who thought that the company should do more to increase its already sizable profits .
Image search , for instance , was introduced in 2001 but did n't get ads until late 2008 .
Finance , unveiled in 2006 , received its infusion around the same time .
As with its namesake properties , Google also has given video site YouTube a more commercial focus .
Under pressure to make money for their parent , managers there have added a flurry of new advertising including sponsored videos , e-commerce and ads that appear within videos .
Google had long relied on its main search engine and its array of partner Web sites to rake in the majority of its revenue from small text - based advertising .
Given the success , turning on advertising in other areas has n't been as critical as it may have been for other companies .
Granted , other Google properties such as e-mail , product search and groups also feature ads .
But they are n't major financial contributors .
Patrick Pichette , Google 's chief financial officer , insisted that the ratcheting up of advertising is unrelated to the economy and is instead just part of a normal pattern .
Advertising is always a possibility after a product proves itself .
" Our teams build great products , and when they work out , we figure out how to make money , " Pichette said .
In any case , Pichette said that Google makes sure ads are n't a distraction and do n't interfere with the user experience .
Online advertising is the cornerstone of Google 's highly profitable business .
But the business is feeling the pinch of the depressed economy .
Last week , Google reported annual profits of $ 6.63 billion on $ 21.8 billion in revenue , indisputably sizable , but nonetheless reflecting slower growth from previous years .
Although resistant to the economic slowdown , the company has n't been immune .
While Google ramps up advertising , it is simultaneously cutting costs .
Known for much of its 10 - year history as a big spender , the company is now trying to be thrifty by laying off 100 recruiters , among other cost - saving moves .
To maximize profits , Google often tweaks which ads appear and where using a complex formula that also factors in ad prices and the likelihood of them enticing a user 's click .
It 's a delicate balancing act that the company has , for the most part , used with great dexterity .
These days , consumers are seeing more ads on Google 's main search engine .
Implemented gradually during 2008 , most users probably have n't noticed .
An average of 4.39 ads appeared on Google 's results pages in December , up 71 percent from six months earlier , according to AdGooroo , a search analysis firm .
Yahoo showed 3.14 ads in December while Microsoft had 2.97 .
Pichette said that Google 's algorithms had been eliminating too many ads that were relevant .
He said his teams dug into the reason to find out why and then fixed it .
But because Google gets paid only when a user clicks on an ad , showing more does n't guarantee that it will make more money .
Nevertheless , the company reported that clicks on ads by users increased 18 percent in the fourth quarter .
In another subtle change , Google 's users are more likely to have ads included next to their search results .
In December , 49.1 percent of Google searches returned at least one ad , according to comScore Inc. , up from 43.1 percent in October .
Greenwald , the analyst , said that other areas within Google are ripe for more ads , citing its maps product , which already features some .
Then he mentioned Google 's home page , long a commercial - free zone except for promoting Google products , but then quickly dismissed the idea , saying , " I do n't think they 'll do that . "
On Opinion page : The Web magnifies the power of the consumer , Yelp co-founder says .
B5
Relatives of the victims gathered at the court as the sentences came in Two men have been given the death penalty for their involvement in China 's contaminated milk scandal .
The former boss of the Sanlu dairy at the centre of the scandal was given life imprisonment .
They were among several sentences handed down by the court in northern China , where Sanlu is based .
The scandal , in which melamine was added to raw milk to make it appear higher in protein , led to the deaths of six babies and made some 300,000 ill .
Families of the victims are weary of another food scandal , and more hollow reassurances
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville
Little comfort in verdicts China voices : ' This is justice '
It led to product recalls across the globe , and further damaged China 's reputation for producing safe and reliable products , the BBC's Quentin Sommerville in Beijing says .
At home , the scandal left parents terrified and caused outrage across the country , coming only four years after an earlier milk powder scandal which left 13 babies dead , he adds .
Victims ' relatives protested outside the courthouse in Shijiazhuang on Thursday .
Some said they had been prevented from attending the trial by authorities anxious to contain anger over the affair .
Illegal workshop
The most senior figure to be sentenced was Tian Wenhua , who was chairwoman of the Sanlu Group , the largest producer of baby milk powder .
MELAMINE SCANDAL 10 Sept : 14 babies reported ill in Gansu province 15 Sept : Beijing confirms first deaths from the contamination 22 Sept : Toll of ill babies rises to tens of thousands - and eventually will rise to almost 300,000 23 Sept :
Other countries start to test Chinese dairy products or remove them from shops 31 Oct : Chinese media suggest melamine is routinely added to animal feed 23 Dec :
The main dairy firm involved , Sanlu , files for cy 31 Dec : Four senior Sanlu executives go on trial 2 Jan : Firms involved ask for forgiveness in a mass New Year text message 22 Jan : A court in China begins handing down sentences
In pictures : China 's milk scandal Timeline : China milk scandal
When the scandal broke in September , it emerged that Sanlu had known it was selling toxic milk - and allowed around 900 tonnes of it to leave its dairies .
It was only when its New Zealand partner intervened that production stopped .
Tian Wenhua pleaded guilty to charges of producing and selling fake or substandard produce in December .
The Intermediate People 's Court in Shijiazhuang gave her a life sentence and ordered her to pay a fine of 20 m yuan ( $ 2.9 m ) .
Sanlu itself was fined 50 m yuan ( $ 7.3 m ) , Xinhua news agency reports , even though the firm has filed for bankruptcy .
Earlier the court sentenced cattle farmer Zhang Yujun and milk trader Geng Jinping to death .
Zhang Yujun was accused of running an illegal workshop in Shandong province in eastern China , producing 600 tonnes of the fake protein powder - the largest source of melamine in the country .
Geng Jinping was convicted of producing and selling toxic products to dairy companies from his milk production base .
One other person received a suspended death sentence , two were jailed for life and six - including three former Sanlu executives - were jailed for between five and 15 years for their part in the scandal , Xinhua news agency reports .
Huge anger
All together , 22 companies sold contaminated milk , which had been supplied by a chain of melamine producers and middlemen .
Sanlu's Tian Wenhua pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing
The dealers added the industrial chemical to boost the apparent protein content of milk , which had often been watered down to make more money .
Major dairy companies bought the milk from such dealers , failing to test the milk for purity and nutritional value .
The result was widespread poisoning of babies , the group most vulnerable to tainted milk as it was their only food source .
Kidney damage was reported in hundreds of thousands of people .
At least six babies were killed by it .
The government has scrambled to fight off allegations that it reacted slowly to the crisis , by pledging to improve food safety standards and promising to bring the culprits of the scandal to court .
But families of the victims say China 's lack of openness , public accountability and official corruption mean they have little faith that similar poisonings will not happen again , our correspondent reports .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First light curve analysis of 20 eclipsing binaries with INTEGRAL's OMC
19 January 2009
The INTEGRAL spacecraft is equipped with instruments dedicated to observe the high energy ( 3 keV to 10 MeV ) Universe .
It also performs simultaneous observations in the optical ( 500 - 600 nm , Johnson V band ) with the Optical Monitoring Camera .
The OMC not only targets the objects observed simultaneously by the two gamma-ray instruments and the X - ray monitor , but also observes serendipitous objects in its field of view .
In a paper to appear in the February 2009 issue of New Astronomy , Zasche presents results from a study of twenty eclipsing binaries – binary star systems in which the two orbiting stars regularly pass in front of each other as seen from Earth .
The study is based on data from serendipitous observations stored in the OMC archive ( see Editor 's notes ) .
The advantage of the OMC
The OMC is a good tool for the study of variable stars , such as eclipsing binaries , because the instrument can observe a specific target uninterrupted for many hours , up to about 2.5 days , with no gap in the data ( which on ground can be caused for example by bad weather ) .
This is particularly useful for binary systems with an orbital period of a few days - these require long observation times in order to be able to determine the entire light curve .
Selection and light curve analysis
The twenty binary systems in this study were selected on the basis that their light curves had not been analysed before , and that they had a large number of OMC data points .
Using the OMC photometric data , Zasche performed the first analysis of the folded light curves for these binary systems .
Figure 1 shows the folded light curve for six of the eclipsing binaries in this study .
Analysis of the folded light curves yielded several orbital parameters of these binary star systems including the orbital period and the inclination of the orbits relative to the line of sight .
In addition , a number of other basic properties such as the relative contribution of each star to the total luminosity , the relative sizes of the two stars and the ratio of the masses of the two stars were also derived .
The deepest minimum in the light curve was defined to correspond with the eclipse of the primary star by the secondary star .
Study results and future work
Zasche finds that all but one of the 20 studied binary systems are detached systems .
The orbital period lies between 1 and ~5 days for most of the binaries in this study , with only one of the systems having a shorter period ( ~ 18 hours ) and one having a longer period ( ~ 10.4 days ) .
One binary system ( ET Vel ) was found to have an eccentric orbit with e=0.0737 .
For ten systems the radius of the secondary star is found to be larger than that of the primary star .
In five of the binary systems there is indication of a possible third component .
Based on serendipitous OMC data , this study has provided the first set of orbital and physical parameters for this sub-set of eclipsing binary systems .
The results of this study have also confirmed the previously determined orbital periods .
Further improvements and determination of the absolute values rather than the relative values of the physical properties will require spectroscopic studies and observations at different wavelengths .
Related publication
Zasche , P. , Data mining : " The data mining : An analysis of 20 eclipsing binary light - curves observed by the INTEGRAL / OMC " , New Astronomy , 14 , February 2009
Editor 's notes
The Optical Monitoring Camera onboard INTEGRAL observes optical emission from the prime targets of the INTEGRAL gamma-ray instruments .
It also obtains serendipitous observations of a large number of optically variable objects in its field of view .
This data is pre-processed by the INTEGRAL Science Data Centre ( ISDC ) and is subsequently archived in the OMC archive ( see related link in the right - hand menu ) maintained by the Laboratorio de Astrofísica Espacial y Física Fundamental ( LAEFF ) .
LAEFF was founded in 1991 as a collaboration between INTA , CSIC and ESA , and is situated at the European Space Astronomy Centre ( ESAC ) , Spain .
Oil is far below the record of $ 147 a barrel reached in July .
Oil prices have fallen below $ 50 a barrel for the first time since May 2005 amid fears of a recession and expectations that demand will drop .
US light sweet crude fell to $ 49.62 , while London - traded Brent crude fell to $ 48.90 a barrel .
The price of oil is around two - thirds cheaper than in July , when it hit a record above $ 147 a barrel .
Members of oil cartel Opec are to meet on November 29 , after opting to cut output by 1.5 million barrels per day .
" The lack of any positive news on the demand front as well as continued global economic turmoil continues to result in a dearth of bullish news , " said Jonathan Kornafel , Asia director of Hudson Capital Energy .
On Wednesday , the Federal Reserve said it expected the US economy to shrink in the first half of next year , adding to fears over lower demand for fuel .
Figures from the Energy Information Administration released on Wednesday showed US stocks of crude oil increased by 1.6 million barrels last week - twice as much as expected .
Meanwhile figures from Japan showed the country experienced its second trade deficit in three months in October , with exports 7.7 % lower year - on - year .
Amid signs of the wider slowdown , investors and hedge funds have been turning to cash , and away from commodities .
did not televise
UPDATE :
did NOT
UPDATE II :
UPDATE III :
" understanding that our president is a human being and not a messiah .
" But only the people AT the concert heard that , because HBORobinson 's message .
Who engineered this blackout of Robinson ?
I suspect we 'll hear lots about this in days to come .
It turns out that a lot the people at the concerthear Robinson either .
There were sound " difficulties " and most of the estimated 500,000 in the audience could not hear his invocation .
Only those very close to the stage could hear .
The 7 PM rebroadcast of the show was identical , no Gene Robinson .
The full text of Robinson 's prayer is here .
If you 'd like to express your unhappiness to HBO , you can do that here .
My gut tells me the call was made elsewhere .
A zoo director calls a porcupine into his office to break the news .
“ There ’s no easy way to say this , ” the director tells the prickly animal as it squirms on its chair .
“ Even though you bring record numbers of people to New York and help the economy , we ’re going to have to let you go . ”
The humorous video  made by the Wildlife Conservation Society , which oversees the city ’s zoos and the New York Aquarium  has a sobering reality behind it .
In New York State ’s next fiscal year , which starts in April , state financing for all 76 zoos , botanical gardens and aquariums would be eliminated under Gov. David A. Paterson ’s proposed budget .
This after a 55 percent reduction this fiscal year  a move that was made only last month , surprising many organizations so late in the fiscal year .
The state cuts , combined with a precipitous drop in endowment funds and corporate donations , have organizations from the New York Botanical Garden to the Niagara Falls Aquarium to the Utica Zoo reeling .
“ It ’s hard to understand what you ’re even going to do next , ” said Susan Lacerte , the executive director of the 39 - acre Queens Botanical Garden , which had expected to receive $ 226,000 from the state this year .
Assemblyman Steve Englebright , a Democrat from Suffolk County , home to organizations like the Hoyt Farm Park in Commack and the Long Island chapter of the Nature Conservancy in Cold Spring Harbor , called the cuts “ very bad policy . ”
Bowing to pressure from environmental groups , the German science ministry has suspended a planned ocean fertilization experiment in the Southern Ocean and asked the researchers to commission an independent analysis of the project ’s environmental impact before dumping anything in the ocean .
[ social_buttons ]
Even though the nearly fifty scientists and crew aboard the icebreaker Polarstern will reach their destination in the Scotia Sea by the end of this week , Nature News reports they will not be dumping the ship ’s payload – at least not yet .
Scientists with the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research ( AWI ) had planned to spread their 20 - ton cargo of iron sulfate over a 300 - square - kilometer study area to induce an algal bloom in nitrogen - poor waters .
After the photosynthesizing plankton grows and absorbs carbon dioxide , researchers hope it will die and sink down to the seafloor .
By stimulating algae growth with nutrients scientists hope to learn more about the feasibility of sequestering carbon in algal blooms .
But environmental groups claim that the experiment , called LOHAFEX , would violate a moratorium on ocean fertilization that Germany brokered last May and would fly in the face of a UN ban on ocean fertilization .
The concern amongst some in the environmental community is that the ecological impacts of dumping large amounts of iron to stimulate an algae bloom are simply unknown .
Not surprisingly , scientists with AWI were completely taken aback with the public outcry against their plans but hope they can maintain their schedule .
Researchers from AWI reportedly hope to get the independent research submitted to the German science ministry within ten days , at which point they hope to win approval and move forward with the plan .
Image : Hello , I am Bruce via flickr under a Creative Commons License
The Coca -Cola Company has been served notice of a class action lawsuit filed by the Center for Science in the Public Interest ( CSPI ) over the deceptive and unsubstantiated claims on its VitaminWater line of beverages .
[ social_buttons ]
“ Coke fears , probably correctly , that they ’ll sell less soda as Americans become increasingly concerned with obesity , diabetes , and other conditions linked to diets too high in sugar .
VitaminWater is Coke ’s attempt to dress up soda in a physician ’s white coat .
Underneath , it ’s still sugar water , albeit sugar water that costs about ten bucks a gallon . ” – Steve Gardner , CSPI litigation director
Coke makes dramatic health claims in its advertising , including the assertion that the drinks will reduce the risk of chronic disease , promote healthy joints , and support optimal immune function .
The drinks are then marketed as a healthy alternative to soda by labeling them with healthy buzz words such as “ defense , ” “ rescue , ” “ energy , ” and “ endurance , ” but contain less than 1 % fruit juice and have a whopping 33 grams of sugar in each one .
According to CSPI nutritionists , the amount of sugar in each bottle does more to promote obesity , diabetes , and other health problems than the vitamins in the drinks do to benefit your body as claimed on the bottles .
“ My advice to consumers is to get your vitamins from real food .
If you have reason to believe you have a shortcoming of one vitamin or another , perhaps take an inexpensive supplement .
But do n’t seek out your vitamins in sugary soft drinks like Coke ’s VitaminWater . ” – Michael F. Jacobson , CSPI executive director
If you think VitaminWater is a good healthy treat for you and your family , perhaps it ’s time to reconsider .
Image : carolyn.will at Flickr under Creative Commons License
CHICAGO — A couple of weeks ago , Barack Obama headed to the Hyde Park Hair Salon for a trim .
He greeted the staff and other customers and plopped down in the same chair in front of the same barber who has cut his hair for the last 14 years .
But when he wanted a trim this week , the Secret Service took one look at the shop ’s large plate - glass windows and the gawking tourists eager for a glimpse of the president - elect and the plan quickly changed .
If Mr. Obama could no longer come to the barber , the barber would come to him and cut his hair at a friend ’s apartment .
Life for the newly chosen president and his family has changed forever .
Even the constraints and security of the campaign trail do not compare to the bubble that has enveloped him in the 10 days since his election .
Renegade , as the Secret Service calls him , now lives within the strict limits that come with the most powerful office on the planet .
He has chosen to spend this interval before his Jan. 20 inauguration at his home in Hyde Park , which has in some ways been transformed into a secure fortress for his protection .
After two years of daily speeches and rallies , he has retreated into an almost hermitlike seclusion , largely hidden from public view and spotted only when he drops his two daughters off for school or goes for a workout at the gymnasium in a friend ’s apartment building .
Both Sky and Hollywood see 3D as a new source of profits , but customers do n't have 3D TV sets and may not be keen to wear 3D glasses .
Sky " says it has successfully tested the delivery of 3D programming to a domestic television , via a high - definition set - top box , " says the BBC's Rory Cellan - Jones .
Such broadcasts would require the use of 3D televisions , not yet available in UK stores , and viewers would need to wear 3D polarising glasses .
Earlier this year BBC engineers broadcast a Six Nations rugby union international in 3D to an audience at a theatre in London .
Sky says it has gone further by showing that 3D could be delivered into homes , straight to its Sky + HD set - top box , without much difficulty .
In Media Guardian , Owen Gibson says :
Gerry O'Sullivan ,
Sky head of strategic product development , added : " It 's using the whole existing HD infrastructure .
We have n't had to develop a whole new set - top box .
We have n't had to invest in new cameras and set - top boxes , we 've done it using the existing architecture . "
But companies have been showing 3D TV sets at CES and other shows for a few years , and it's not clear whether the idea will ever take off .
One thing in 3D 's favour is that Hollywood is now keen on the idea , including Jeffrey Katzenberg , the CEO of DreamWorks Animation .
A recent story , Top Hollywood exec says 3 - D is the industry 's next big thing , says :
" I think 3 - D is an opportunity to re-energize in a very big way what it means to go to the cinema " and in a way that home systems can't yet duplicate , Katzenberg said .
" All of our films now are being created from the very beginning for the 3 - D process . "
His studio is not alone .
The concert film Hannah Montana , as well as Meet the Robinsons , Chicken Little and The Nightmare Before Christmas , have come from Walt Disney Studios ' Motion Pictures Group , and the studio will make more than 15 3 - D movies between now and 2011 , according to published reports .
But the idea that people will go to the cinema because they can't watch 3D movies at home may not survive the arrival of Sky 3D and similar services
Is 3D TV something you 're keen to buy ?
Updated 1/22/09 12:00 PM
EST
A newly drafted executive order signed by President Barack Obama will fulfill a campaign promise to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay .
The order will require the facility to close within a year .
The facility where detainees were held often on little if any evidence was a symbol of America ’s post - 9/11 hysteria and the excesses of presidential power during the Bush Administration .
Its closing will remove the symbol , but a clean break from the policy remains elusive .
The detentions will continue , they will just do so at a handful of yet - to - be - determined military bases in the United States .
The Obama Administration has enough support across Europe to allow it to release some of its most embarrassingly innocent detainees into third party nations , and it intends to try some , in a method different from the Bush Administration ’s war tribunals , but likely far short of the domestic legal system .
Yet that new legal system is n’t even in place yet , and its unclear what the Obama Administration intends to do with those detainees that it does n’t intend to release , yet which had such flimsy evidence that even the Bush Administration did n’t dare to try to charge them with any crimes .
The short answer is likely that they will do what the Bush Administration did , just in a less conspicuous place , and with a lot less of the baggage that their predecessors had .
Third Eye Open Graduate Poster
Join Date : Mar 2008 Posts : 1,400
I 'm sorry , but you have it backwards .
It is the fact that things fall that is unnatural .
Look in space , everything floats !
The reason we do n't float down here on earth is because something is holding us to the ground .
That 's right , intelligent falling .
The only logical alternative to gravity .
Curvy space ?
Bent time ?
This is all non-sense .
Any rational person can see that someone must be holding us down !
And for any being to be holding us down , he must have LOTS of arms , or appendages .
The evidence of this can be seen from the fact that humans have been getting taller .
This is because there is more of us now , and it is more difficult for him to push down on all of us as hard .
Therefor midgets are obviously chosen .
Think about it ?
What kind of being could have enough appendages to hold us all to the earth , and appendages that are flexible enough to follow us wherever we go and get all tangled with each other .
Obviously it is none other than Our LORD the Flying Spaghetti Monster .
May HIS Red Sauce run thick , always
RAmen .
Last year , the Roadblock Republicans of the 110th Congress set the all - time filibuster record .
Forcing 104 cloture votes by October 2008 , the Senate 's GOP minority easily eclipsed the old mark of 61 filibusters .
And now , fresh on the heels of " elated " and " celebrating " House Republicans ' refusal to provide a single vote in support of President Obama 's $ 825 economic recovery package , Senate Republicans are now suggesting they will filibuster the stimulus bill .
That 's the word from ThinkProgress , which Friday afternoon offered a round up of the latest in Republican obstructionism .
While Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions offered a none - too - thinly veiled threat of a GOP filibuster ( " I think its going to take 60 votes to pass the bill " ) , Arizona 's John Kyl said he would explore " whatever parliamentary possibilities are in front of us . "
Senator James Inhofe ( R - OK ) promised to join the effort , announcing , " I would be a part of it . "
And on Thursday , Chuck Grassley ( R - IA ) told Robert Siegel on NPR that a filibuster of the Obama package passed by the House could be in the cards :
SIEGEL : By the way , Senator , we always just assume that anything in the Senate requires 60 votes because there will be a filibuster threat .
Is that right ?
Does this bill need 60 votes to pass ?
GRASSLEY : Yes .
SIEGAL : It does ?
GRASSLEY : Yes .
The revelations are just the latest signs that Senate Republicans will violate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 's pledge three weeks ago " I do n't think this measure 's going to have any problem getting over 60 votes . "
Referring to almost $ 300 billion in tax cuts already incorporated by the Obama administration , McConnell said :
" It could well have broad Republican appeal and make it much more likely that the measure passes with broad bipartisan support , which is what the new president would like and what we would like . "
As it turns out , not so much .
Getting in line with their obstructionist House brethren , Senate Republicans are apparently once again preparing to return the filibuster .
That would be the same Senators who until their crushing defeat in the November 2006 mid-terms routinely demanded their judicial nominees get an " up or down vote . "
( This piece is crossposted at Perrspectives . )
Frank Bickford , the Anchorage campaign coordinator for the Yes on One campaign , said he recently found himself in traffic behind a car sporting a No on One bumper sticker .
It looked uncannily like one he designed , he said , but he shrugged off the similarities : Maybe the driver had somehow doctored a Yes on One sticker .
As it turns out , the No on One side has produced a nearly identical sticker .
Both are green , both have a regal moose posed before a lake , and both say , '' Protect Alaska 's Wildlife . ''
'' It 's kind of weird , '' Bickford said .
Dune Lankard , the No on One campaign manager , said the stickers are n't exactly the same .
'' Our 's is a lot darker green , the moose is standing differently , and ours says ' no ' and theirs says ' yes , ' '' he said .
There 's one other difference .
The No on One campaign added the words '' And Our Constitution ' ' below '' Protect Alaska 's Wildlife . ''
The copycatting was just tit for tat , Lankard said .
'' We thought it was ridiculous that they stole our message , ' Protect Alaska 's Wildlife . ' . . .
That 's how the bumper sticker came to be . ''
Palin on fence on tax cap
Just where does Wasilla Mayor Sarah Palin stand on the statewide property tax initiative ?
The Kodiak Daily Mirror , covering the Alaska Conference of Mayors meeting there last week , reported Palin , the group 's incoming president , was having second thoughts about the tax cap .
Palin is one of the 40,000 Alaskans who signed petitions to get the measure on the November ballot .
She now believes voters will reject it , and she can understand why .
'' As the weeks have gone by , I 've seen more of the potential problems , '' Palin told reporter Heidi Zemach .
Among them is the loss of local control , she said , which would be especially hard on rural cities and boroughs .
But in Wasilla this week , where sentiment is usually pretty strong against government spending and taxes , Palin struggled to stay perched on the fence as she negotiated traffic during a car - phone interview .
'' I 'm certainly not wavering in my support of it being on the ballot , '' Palin declared .
Does that mean she 'd vote for it ?
'' I still have five more weeks to make up my mind , like everybody 's trying to do , '' Palin said .
'' I wish it were not a statewide issue . ''
Palin said she has declined requests by Tax Cap Yes to speak in favor of the initiative .
Yet , she said , she does n't object to her name 's continuing to be listed on the group 's Web site among 10 current or former government officials -- half from Mat - Su -- in support of the initiative .
Palin acknowledged that she was sounding quite the politician .
'' I am so sorry I 'm such a weasel , '' she said .
Bunde campaigns at roadside
Con Bunde : another roadside attraction .
Lots of incumbents use their elected office in some form to campaign for re-election .
Con Bunde is just more upfront about it than most .
The four - term state representative spent many evenings over the past month parking his pickup at the side of the road with a sign leaning against the lowered tailgate that reads : '' If you have any questions about the Legislature , stop , let 's talk . ''
'' This is the second campaign I believe I 've done this , '' said 62 - year - old Bunde , a former UAA professor .
Campaigning by knocking on doors does n't really work in House District 18 , which runs from between Abbott Road and Abbott Loop Road in Anchorage down to Portage , Bunde said .
This way , he can talk to about half a dozen people a night , he said .
Cold calling might be safer .
He said he thought a moose was charging him one recent evening , but the young bull ran headfirst into a van passing by instead .
Afterward , the moose was dazed but alive , Bunde said .
His opponent , 64 - year - old Pat Abney , is n't complaining .
She 's had plenty of exposure after nine years on the Assembly and prefers meeting her would - be constituents the old - fashioned way .
'' I 'm going door to door and shaking people 's hands so they know who I am and what I stand for , '' she said .
Campaign Notebook will appear regularly before the Nov. 7 general election .
Daily News reporters Elizabeth Manning , Richard Mauer and Tim Pryor contributed to this report .
They can be reached at emanning@adn.com , rmauer@adn.com and tpryor@adn.com .
( Published : October 8 , 2000 )
Voting Locations :
Call the division of elections polling place locator at 269- 8683 or 1-888-383-8683 or visit www.elections.state.ak.us.
Have your voter number or social security number ready .
Registering to vote :
The deadline to register for the general election has passed .
Call the division or visit Its Web site for details .
Absentee voting : Vote absentee in person , by mail , by fax or by personal representative .
Absentee ballots are accepted through Election Day .
Get details about absentee voting on the Web site .
Division of Elections Contact Information
Phone : 522-8683
Fax : 522-2341
Address : Dimond Center Tower , 800 E. Dimond Blvd. , Suite 3-580 , Anchorage 99515-2045
Web site : www.elections.state.ak.us
While it has yet to be officially confirmed , our sources at Brackley have informed us that at tonight 's emergency meeting , the Honda F1 team 's workforce was advised that the Japanese manufacturer is withdrawing from F1 .
The Japanese car giant has said that it will withdraw from F1 in March 2009 , and if no buyers have been lined up by that time the entire operation will be closed down .
There will be no forced redundancies at Brackley , however , the team is looking for voluntary redundancies , with many workers spending much of this afternoon contacting rival teams looking for work .
Members of Honda 's HGT division currently working in England will return to Japan with immediate effect .
Honda claims to have two prospective buyers , however , there is a further complication with the news that Honda 's withdrawal is total , it will not continue as an engine manufacturer .
If there is a potential buyer out there , and it is hard to see given the current financial climate , the most likely scenario is that Team Principal Ross Brawn might seek an engine deal with his former employer , Ferrari .
This is a sad end to a legendary name , and it is particularly hard on the Brackley workforce .
When I saw this video for the first time I thought this white cute baby was a puppy – he looks like a pet .
But as I went on watching the video I understood it was polar bear cub Knut born on 5 December 2006 in the Berlin zoo .
He was rejected by his mother at birth and this is why this man with the beard ( on of the zookeepers ) took care of him .
In these videos you can follow how Knut grew .
Today Knut is two years old .
Happy birthday , Knut !
How Knut Grew up
6 Months Old Knut
The Perl 6 test suite started its life in the Pugs Subversion repository , containing regression tests and one - to - one translations of the synopsis documents into tests .
If you check out the pugs repository via svn checkout http://svn.pugscode.org/pugs and go the newly created directory pugs , you can find all these tests in the directory t .
When it became clear that this test suite would grow into the official Perl 6 test suite , and would be shared by multiple implementations , it became clear that it needed some reorganization ; many tests where specific to pugs , or did n't reflect the actual state of the synopsis .
So somebody created the directory t/ spec/ , and began to move the old tests there , reviewing them on the way if they still represent the current state of the Synopsis .
t /spec/ is what we call the " official Perl 6 test suite " nowadays , and all things in there should be covered by the specifications .
It is organized in subdirectories which are all named in the scheme SXX - section , where XX stands for the number of a Synopsis , and section for a section in that synopsis .
There is another dir called integration , in which tests live that can't be mapped to a single synopsis , or that are regression tests that are worth sharing with other implementations .
( The synopsis are located in docs / Perl6 / Spec in the pugs repo , and are available as HTML at http://www.perlcabal.org/syn/ " >.
At the time of writing ( 2009 - 01 - 25 ) there are still more than 6000 tests in 155 in the non-official part of the pugs repository ( not counting those under unspecced and pugs , which probably never will become part of the official suite ) that need to be reviewed , and if still up - to - date , moved .
Reviewing and moving tests
The typical procedure looks like this :
First step , pick a test file in t/ ( outside of spec , pugs , examples or unspecced ) .
For the beginner builtins / might be a good starting point , since you do n't need to know a lot about the language to check if the test file is good .
As an example we look at blocks / nested_named .t , which in its current state looks like this :
use v 6 ; use Test ; =begin desc =end desc plan 3 ; sub factorial ( Int $n ) { my sub facti ( Int $ acc , Int $ i ) { return $ acc if $ i > $ n ; facti( $ acc * $ i , $ i + 1 ) ; } facti( 1 , 1 ) ; } ; is factorial ( 1 ) , 1 , " Checking semantics ... 1 " ; is factorial ( 2 ) , 2 , " Checking semantics ... 2 " ; is factorial ( 0 ) , 1 , " Checking semantics ... 0 " ;
Let 's look at what it does :
It declares a sub one parameter $n , and then declares an inner sub , which uses the parameter of the outer sub .
That 's a closure , or at least something very similar .
So it essentially tests signatures , and closures .
As the second step we have to find out where that behavior is specced .
$ cd ~/pugs/doc/Perl6/Spec
$ grep - ic closure S*.pod S01-overview.pod:0 S02-bits.pod:16 S03-operators.pod:9 S04-control.pod:42 S05-regex.pod:33 S06-routines.pod:19 S07-iterators.pod:0 S09-data.pod:10 S10 - packages.pod:0 S11-modules.pod:0 S12-objects.pod:23 S13-overloading.pod:0 S16-io.pod:0 S17-concurrency.pod:5 S19-commandline.pod:2 S22-package-format.pod:0 S26-documentation.pod:0 S29-functions.pod:4
So mostly S04 , S05 , S06 and S12 talk about closures .
S05 is regexes - not our topic .
S12 is Objects - not exactly what we 're looking for either .
S04 covers blocks and control structures ( blocks are more interesting ) , and S06 covers subroutines , signatures and the like - bingo !
So looking through S04 we notice sentences like Every block is a closure and S06 contains examples of positional parameters that look very much like ours .
Grep 'ping through the synopsis for my sub we also find a few examples , so it looks like allowed syntax too .
Let 's decide it 's indeed a good test ( in case of doubt , ask in # perl6 on irc.freenode.org ) .
I usually move larger test files , while for smaller test files I look for existing test files ( with similar topic , of course ) in t/ spec into which I can merge them .
Since I did n't find one in this case I type
svn mv t/ blocks/nested_named .t t/spec/S06-signatures/closure-over-parameters.t svn ci - m ' [ t ] moved nested_named .t to spec / ' t/
Now the test is moved , and the change commit - success .
But wait , we can do more .
The documentation in the file referred to the Apocalypses ( which are mostly of historical interest ) , not the Synopsis - so let 's change that .
Also the test descriptions are n't very good , so let 's find something more descriptive .
Also we could add one more test of the same scheme as the existing ones , just to be sure .
The updated version looks like this :
use v 6 ; use Test ; =begin desc L< S04 / The Relationship of Blocks and Declarations / " Every block is a # closure " >
L< S06 / Dynamically scoped subroutines > =end desc plan 4 ; sub factorial ( Int $n ) { my sub facti ( Int $ acc , Int $ i ) { return $ acc if $ i > $ n ; facti( $ acc * $ i , $ i + 1 ) ; } facti( 1 , 1 ) ; } ; is factorial ( 0 ) , 1 , " closing over params of outer subs ( 0 ) " ; is factorial ( 1 ) , 1 , " closing over params of outer subs ( 1 ) " ; is factorial ( 2 ) , 2 , " closing over params of outer subs ( 2 ) " ; is factorial ( 3 ) , 6 , " closing over params of outer subs ( 3 ) " ;
The weird things in the test descriptions are so - called smartlinks , described in the README .
Bonus points for the person who adds tests for the same thing , but with parameters that are passed by name .
The Trouble with Those “ Shovel - Ready ” Projects
The conventional wisdom , among the punditocracy , is that a major part of any Obama stimulus package will be large - scale funding of “ infrastructure . ”
To maximize the bang for the buck , to have a rapid effect on unemployment numbers , and to get the money into people ’s hands quickly , it ’s anticipated that such spending will likely go to any “ shovel - ready ” project .
This notwithstanding Obama ’s promise that the stimulus package would contain no “ earmarks ” or “ pork barrel spending . ”
I get the impression most of the commentariat do n’t even perceive the two commitments as a source of possible conflict .
Typical is Robert Kuttner of the Boston Globe ( Dec. 25 ) , who exhorts us to “ fight the naysayers ” who will resist any such stimulus package :
Others contend that government is not capable of spending large sums efficiently in short order .
“ It ’s … hard to spend $ 700 billion quickly , ” says New York Times columnist David Brooks .
“ If you ’ve got a tiddlywinks hall of fame , they ’re going to fund that thing . ”
Excuse me , but state and local governments and school districts are likely to suffer a revenue shortfall approaching $ 200 billion by next year .
All the federal government has to do is write a check to cover that amount , and not a single policeman , firefighter , teacher , or first - responder need be laid off ; not a single human service office closed ; and not a single public project deferred .
These are not new projects that take time to conceive and plan .
This is about preventing layoffs and shutdowns of existing public services .
It ’s hard to figure out what Kuttner thinks some of the “ shovel - ready ” projects are , if not the moral equivalent of tiddlywinks halls of fame .
Just who does Kuttner think has played the major role in approving , planning and prioritizing all those “ shovel - ready ” local projects , anyway ?
Local government is notorious for being a showcase property of the local real estate developers .
Tulsa blogger Michael Bates ( Batesline blog ) coined the term “ Cockroach Caucus ” to describe the good ol ’ boy network in the City Council and Chamber of Commerce , whose main function is to subsidize the automobile highway complex and suburban sprawl , and promote the inflation of real estate values .
Bates described the Cockroach Caucus as “ the tight social network that has run local politics for as long as anyone can remember . ”
This network … has pursued its own selfish interests under the name of civic progress , with disastrous results for the ordinary citizens of Tulsa and its metropolitan area … .
The Cockroach Caucus is most recently infamous for convincing state and local elected officials to pour $ 47 million in public funds into Great Plains Airlines … .
The Cockroach Caucus has wasted tens of millions in public funds on failed economic development strategies …. , and has bent and sometimes broken the rules of the land use planning system to favor those with political and financial connections .
The same small number of connected insiders circulates from one city authority , board , or commission to another , controlling city policy , but beyond the reach of the democratic process .
Sound familiar ?
You ’ve probably got a Cockroach Caucus running your own community .
I know I do .
Harvey Molotch , a “ power elite ” sociologist in the tradition of C. Wright Mills , calls them “ Urban Growth Machines . ”
The main purpose of these coalitions of local governments , chambers of commerce and real estate agencies is to gorge themselves on billion - dollar slop at the public trough .
The Growth Machines ’ approach to local economic development , like that of the federal government to industrial bailouts , is a living illustration of Einstein ’s dictum : “ It ’s impossible to solve a problem with the same kind of thinking that created it . ”
Take my hometown of Springdale , Arkansas .
The Springdale Chamber of Commerce recently unveiled its long - term master development plan for the community .
By way of background , the main economic development in Benton County ( to our north ) the past decade or so has been in a high - end shopping district : Pinnacle Hills Promenade , on the western edge of Rogers .
In 2006 Springdale voters approved , and in 2007 the city built , a corporate welfare baseball stadium ( Arvest Stadium ) , and recruited a baseball team ( formerly the Wichita Wranglers ) .
The Chamber ’s master plan involves turning the area around Arvest Stadium into another high - end district on the Pinnacle Hills model .
Like the Promenade and the NWA Mall in Fayetteville ( to our south ) , the new ballpark shopping district is expected to support 750,000 feet of retail shopping and several dozen stores .
Meanwhile , after Obama ’s election sparked hopes for a massive program of infrastructure spending , local government and business elites expressed hopes for federal funding of the long - coveted “ Western bypass . ”
Again , by way of background , twenty years ago the region built Hwy U.S. 471 , itself a western bypass intended to relieve congestion on the old U.S. 71 that ran through the centers of all the major cities of NW Arkansas on a north - south corridor .
And guess what ?
As anyone but an urban planner or traffic engineer might have predicted , the new subsisized highway did n’t alleviate congestion at all !
Instead it generated new congestion , filling up with new traffic from the new subsidized subdivisions and strip malls that grew up like mushrooms at every single exit .
And assuming that previous patterns persist , the new bypass , even further to the west , will generate even more congestion as it fills up with traffic from the new sprawl along its route .
Of course , the looming depression or Peak Oil , or both , could make the issue moot by destroying the local construction industry and slashing car use–in which case the new highway , if they even manage to complete it , will be a white elephant .
And just about every week , Springdale ’s newspaper ( The Morning News of Northwest Arkansas ) runs another editorial to the effect that the Third District Congressman ’s main duty is to bring home highway pork ( excuse me , “ infrastructure funding ” to promote area “ economic growth ” ) .
See , Wal - Mart , Tyson , J.B. Hunt , and Jim Lindsey and Associates Realtors own this area ; they just let us live in it .
Anyway , multiply that local mendacity a thousandfold or so , and you ’ve got some idea of what will happen when the Cockroach Caucuses and Growth Machines across our great land are given a bundle of free money for their “ shovel - ready projects . ”
Hundreds of billions of dollars will be poured down a rathole , at the discretion of local good ol ’ boy networks , to perpetuate the traditional local pattern of sprawl and car - worship .
Now , I do n’t favor tax - funded subsidies to anything .
But I could at least understand an infrastructure program aimed at expanding local public transit , and expanding the capacity of the national freight rail system , in order to bridge the gap when gasoline hits $ 12 / gallon .
I would n’t approve of it , but at least cushioning disaster would be a rational use for all that stolen money .
But folks , you know that ai n’t gonna happen .
Instead , they ’ll probably wind up spending it on the same kind of priorities that got us in the mess in the first place , wasting resources trying to prop up the current system until it ’s too late .
As a Bloomberg opinion piece put it ( Dec. 24 ) :
Missouri ’s plan to spend $ 750 million in federal money on highways and nothing on mass transit in St. Louis does n’t square with President - elect Barack Obama ’s vision for a revolutionary re-engineering of the nation ’s infrastructure .
Utah would pour 87 percent of the funds it may receive in a new economic stimulus bill into new road capacity .
Arizona would spend $ 869 million of its $ 1.2 billion wish list on highways … .
“ It ’s a lot of more of the same , ” said Robert Puentes , a metropolitan growth and development expert at the Brookings Institution in Washington who is tracking the legislation .
“ You build a lot of new highways , continue to decentralize ” urban and suburban communities and “ pull resources away from transit … ”
“ A whole lot more of the same . ” Sigh .
That ’s the problem with liberals ’ faith in the state as a tool for promoting the “ public good ” and “ general welfare . ”
They have n’t looked closely enough at how the sausage is made .
– Kevin A. Carson
free.market.anticapitalist@gmail.com
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
" Purpose of counterintelligence action is to disrupt BPP [ Black Panther Party ] and it is immaterial whether facts exist to substantiate the charge .
If facts are present , it aids in the success of the proposal but the Bureau feels that the skimming of money is such a sensitive issue that disruption can be accomplished without facts to back it up . "
- J. Edgar Hoover
The " immaterial whether facts exist " directive is found in a secret memorandum from J. Edgar Hoover , director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , about a money - skimming allegation against Black Panther activist David Hilliard .
Hoover 's candid order was a month after Hoover had also ordered the FBI Crime Laboratory to not issue a formal report in an operation against Panther activists Ed Poindexter and Mondo we Langa ( formerly David Rice ) in Omaha , Nebraska .
The directives against Hilliard and the two Omaha men were part of a massive but clandestine operation of the FBI devised by Hoover that was code - named COINTELPRO .
Illegally directed against domestic political targets , COINTELPRO agents conducted a wide array of dirty tricks including both planting and withholding evidence .
Hoover 's directive in the Omaha case , compromising the investigation into the murder of police officer Larry Minard killed in an August 17 , 1970 ambush bombing , was documented by FBI Crime Laboratory director Ivan Willard Conrad .
A tape recording of the killer 's voice luring police to a vacant house with a report of a woman screaming was rushed to the crime lab for vocal analysis but Omaha Police Assistant Chief of Police Glen W. Gates did not want a formal report .
Conrad spoke with Hoover over the phone and confirmed that he was to withhold a lab report in the case noting that Hoover said it was " OK to do " on his copy of the secret memo .
The plot against Hilliard was ordered in a secret COINTELPRO memo dated September 16 , 1970 from Hoover .
That confidential memo also addressed a proposal by the Los Angeles FBI office to send a false anonymous letter to Hilliard alleging an assassination plot against Black Panther Party founder Huey Newton .
Hoover recognized the potential outcome of such a letter might result in violence against the purported assassins but he was only concerned with the possibility the Bureau might draw some liability .
Hoover ordered the letter to be rewritten to avoid Bureau exposure to complicity in violence against innocent targets .
" With respect to two anonymous letters proposed by Los Angeles , Bureau concurs with San Francisco that to include the card of a member of a rival black extremist group in a letter to Hilliard indicating Newton is marked for assassination could place the Bureau in the position of aiding or initiating a murder by the BPP . "
Hoover ordered : " Los Angeles should reword this letter to convey the same thought without directly indicating that it is from a specific member of a rival group .
The letter could imply that the writer would soon get in touch with Hilliard to see what he would pay to have Newton eliminated . "
Hoover 's goal was to " disrupt " the Black Panthers by targeting the party leadership for removal by either violent means or prosecution and imprisonment .
Although the blunt language of the Hilliard memo " it is immaterial whether facts exist to substantiate the charge " spells out Hoover 's disregard for the truth , his order to Conrad " OK to do " shares an equal disregard for actual facts .
In the Omaha case , the tape recording of the killer 's voice was not that of either COINTELPRO target , Ed Poindexter or Mondo we Langa .
Nor did the deep gruff voice of an older man match that of 15 - year old Duane Peak , the confessed bomber .
A FBI lab report indicating an unknown murderer would unravel the case being put together against the two Panther leaders and would have to be disclosed to defense attorneys .
Conrad followed orders and withheld a formal report on the tape recording .
The jury that convicted Poindexter and Langa for Minard 's death never got to hear the tape recording of the fatal caller .
Authorities later destroyed the tape only to have a duplicate emerge years later .
Finally , after many more long years the tape was submitted for sophisticated testing in 2006 .
In May 2007 , expert witness Tom Owen , an internationally recognized vocal analyst , testified in an Omaha courtroom that the voice on the tape was not that of Peak leaving an unidentified accomplice on the loose .
Poindexter now has a new trial request pending before the Nebraska Supreme Court over the new information about the tape recording , which J. Edgar Hoover had tried to bury back in 1970 .
Sworn conflicting police testimony about dynamite used in the bomb has since emerged that is also under review by the state high court .
No date for a decision has been announced .
Convicted for the bombing murder , Ed Poindexter and Mondo we Langa received life sentences and are imprisoned at the maximum - security Nebraska State Penitentiary in Lincoln .
Both men deny any involvement in Minard 's death .
***
Permission granted to reprint
Posted on by BBVM
The UN Security Council has been unable to force an end to Israeli attacks against Gaza due to the intervention of the United States .
Washington once again used its veto powers on Sunday to block a resolution calling for an end to the massive ongoing Israeli attacks against the Gaza Strip .
See also :
Israeli blockade forces Palestinians to search rubbish dumps for food
1000 Palestinian kids in Israeli jails
The council has only been able to issue a ‘ non- binding ’ statement that calls on Israel to voluntarily bring all its military activities in the besieged region to an immediate end .
The statement comes as Israel has begun a fresh wave of air strikes on Gaza on Sunday , killing at least six people .
At least 230 people were killed and 800 wounded in similar attacks on Saturday .
The number of Palestinians deaths has so far risen to 271 .
The council called on the parties to address the humanitarian crisis in the territory but has not criticized the Israeli air attacks .
Croatian UN Ambassador Neven Jurica read out the non-binding statement on behalf of the 15 - member body that “ called for an immediate halt to all violence ” and on the parties “ to stop immediately all military activities . ”
“ The members of the Security Council expressed serious concern at the escalation of the situation in Gaza , ” he said , as the president of the council .
The council also requested the opening of border crossings into Gaza to address the serious humanitarian and economic needs in Gaza and to ensure medical treatment and a continuous supply of food and fuel .
US representative to the UNSC , Zalmay Khalilzad , defended the Israeli move , saying Tel Aviv has the right to self - defense .
“ I regret the loss of any of all innocent life , ” he said , adding that Hamas rockets precipitated this situation .
Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip say they fire rockets into Israel in retaliation for the daily Israeli attacks against them .
Unlike the state - of - the - art Israeli weapons and ammunition , the home - made Qassam rockets rarely cause casualties .
The US , a staunch ally to Israel , has so far vetoed over 40 anti-Israeli resolutions sought by the council since 1972 .
Since 2004 , Washington has prevented the adoption of four other resolutions that called for Tel Aviv to halt its operations in the Gaza Strip .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Censorship , Civil Liberties , Media , Military Industrial Complex | Tagged : Gaza , Israel , Neven Jurica , Qassam rockets , Security Council , UN , United Nations , UNSC , Zalmay Khalilzad |
La importancia de que los niños digan por su nombre a los genitales es para que los acepten como tal , de otra manera el mensaje que les llega es que hay algo extraño con ...
Blowing a Hard Boiled Egg Out of The Shell
There is a famous viral video on the Internet release by sprint where a man cracks the bottom and top off a hard boiled egg , then blows it out of the shell .
Many video responses came up trying to disprove the video saying that it can not be done .
What the original video does n't mention is the baking soda you need to add to the water in order to raise the water 's PH levels and reduce the egg from adhering to the shell .
Never waste your time peeling a hard boiled egg again !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Armed robbers have stolen at least 80 m euros ( $ 102 m , £ 70 m ) worth of jewels from one of Paris 's most prestigious jewellery shops , police say .
As many as four robbers , two disguised as women , stormed Harry Winston 's store near the Champs - Elysee and stole nearly all its valuables .
They spoke French and another language , seemed well informed and knew the names of some of the staff , police say .
The store was hit by another robbery almost 14 months ago .
Armed robbers then stole an estimated 10 m euros ( $ 13 m ) worth of valuables .
Staff hurt
The BBC's Alasdair Sandford , in Paris , says the latest robbery is one of the country 's most serious for decades .
Around 10 people and 15 staff were in the store on Thursday afternoon when the robbers entered .
Police said some were disguised as women and appeared to know their way around - addressing some of the staff by their names and identifying where stock not on display was being stored .
Once inside they brandished handguns and acted quickly and violently , rounding up staff and customers , our correspondent adds .
They overturned display cases and emptied the shop of nearly all its stock .
Some of the staff were said to have been hurt in the robbery .
Harry Winston is situated on the fashionable Avenue Montaigne and attracts a wealthy clientele from around the world , from royalty to film stars .
The company said in a statement : " We are co-operating with the authorities in their investigation .
" Our first concern is the well - being of our employees . "
Lots of land , few new camps for scouts
For 20 years , the organization 's councils have made millions by turning over to developers donated property that was meant for outdoor recreation
This former section of the Sid Richardson Scout Camp was sold to housing developers who are selling lakeside and inland lots for luxury homes .
Developers approached the Longhorn Council with an unsolicited $ 5 - million offer to buy part of a camp that was n't in use .
Today , housing developers are selling lakeside and inland lots for luxury homes .
less
This former section of the Sid Richardson Scout Camp was sold to housing developers who are selling lakeside and inland lots for luxury homes .
Developers approached the Longhorn Council with an unsolicited ... more Photo : Todd Bensman , San Antonio Express - News Photo : Todd Bensman , San Antonio Express - News Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Lots of land , few new camps for scouts 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The last large stand of woods in a Seattle suburb .
A scenic canyon just outside of Los Angeles .
Rangelands deep in the heart of Texas .
All are set to be felled , filled and bulldozed so that stately homes , a reservoir and perhaps even a hydroelectric plant may one day rise in their place .
Aside from their now unspoiled , ecologically sensitive settings , the lands share a common bond : The Boy Scouts of America sold them for development .
From Arizona to Virginia , New York to Washington , urban sprawl has replaced timberland and green spaces where boys once camped and learned outdoor skills , a Hearst Newspapers investigation has found .
Over the past 20 years , Boy Scout councils across America have reaped tens of millions of dollars from selling camps and other properties the organization had owned for years .
Other scout - owned camps and wildlands are now , or soon could be , on the market .
Forestland " will be in the hands of the Boy Scouts for a long time , and then , ' Oh , gee , we can make a lot more money if we sell it and develop it , ' " said Brian Boyle , former Washington state public lands commissioner who now leads the Northwest Environmental Forum , which seeks to keep timberlands forested .
" It 's ironic .
People work hard to save a piece of property for the scouts , and then they turn around 10 or 15 years later and go sell it to developers . "
A review of property deeds , court documents , federal tax filings and other records also revealed cases in which local councils sold lands that were bequeathed to the scouts to be used for outdoor recreation .
Meanwhile , scout lands that are home to protected plants and wildlife have been sold for development , despite protests from the public and scouting volunteers .
In some cases , scout councils sought to conserve properties only after public controversy or criticism arose about pending land deals .
That happened in 1999 , when the Dallas Council sold a 177 - acre camp inside the city limits , sparking outrage among local homeowners .
Eventually much of the camp was preserved as open space .
" They just wanted to get their money and go on their way , " said Michael Jung , an attorney and board member of the Texas Land Conservancy , which helped the homeowners group work a deal to preserve the camp .
Public controversies helped kill potential mega - deals in Florida and Michigan , among several states where recent offers to buy scout lands for development have led to lawsuits and community protests .
Some scouting officials cite financial need as the key reason for such land sales .
Encroaching development and high maintenance and operating costs also can spur a need to sell , they said .
Over the years , as membership and demographics shift , scout councils also have been forced to merge and economize , leading officials to consolidate property assets that can cost millions to maintain , yet sometimes are rarely used , they say .
" All camp sales are not negative , " said Dan Clifton , executive of the Longhorn Council in Fort Worth , Texas .
" At some point , all assets need to be converted and redeployed . "
Texas Rangelands
Boy Scout enthusiast Frank Underwood had specific ideas for the use of 1,200 acres of wooded hills near Amon Carter Lake when he sold the land to his local scouting council in 1965 .
The sprawling ranch northwest of Dallas in Montague County was home to bobcats , wild turkey and other wildlife .
Although the sale - at a price of $ 56,000 - imposed no restrictions on how the ranch would be used , Underwood thought it would always be a place where boys could learn about nature , the late businessman 's son said .
" I would have preferred it stay in Boy Scouts ' hands , to protect as many wild areas as we can , " said Gregory Underwood , an attorney and former mayor of nearby Bowie , Texas , who remembers camping on the land as a child .
For years , the scouting council kept what was dubbed the Horizon Wilderness Scout Ranch in its unspoiled state .
Today it 's the Silver Lakes subdivision .
In 2002 , Northwest Texas Council officials sold the property to Florida developers , Bluegreen Southwest , for $ 1.1 million .
The woods have been cut to accommodate the 1 - and 2 - acre lots , and homes are under construction .
Scout council officials cited financial woes and the availability of other scout camps nearby as factors in the sale of the camp .
" It was a strain on the budget and was n't being utilized like it should , " said executive Guy Wilemon .
" The scouts thought it was a wise business decision . "
The million - dollar payout for the Northwest Texas Council , which was struggling to stay in the black , is a drop in the bucket compared to other scout land deals - even in Texas .
In 2005 , the Longhorn Council in Fort Worth sold a thickly forested chunk of its Sid Richardson Scout Reservation , a 3,500 - acre camp fronting Lake Bridgeport near Dallas , for $ 5.45 million .
The scouts were given the property in 1967 by the foundation set up by the camp 's namesake , a billionaire oil wildcatter .
Today , the 500 - acre live oak forest that spilled along the lake 's western shore has been resold and bulldozed into lots for upscale homes .
Scouting officials said the scouts did n't use the forest much , and the sale helped build an endowment to fund scout programs .
Sid Richardson is long dead , but officials for his foundation say they 're satisfied that sale revenues will benefit scouting today more than the land would .
The Longhorn Council also sold its 300 - acre Leonard Scout Camp along the Brazos River to developers in 2001 for an estimated $ 3 million .
Council officials cited encroaching development as the reason for selling land that had been donated decades earlier .
But they did n't widely advertise the camp sale , sparking criticism from scout volunteers , who learned about it only after the fact .
Some critics now contend council officials should have sought a buyer interested in preserving the land , not developing it .
Scenic canyon
A legal fight erupted in Southern California after the Los Angeles Area Council sold more than 2,500 acres of its Firestone Scout Reservation in 2000 to the City of Industry for $ 16.5 million .
The city bought the land - an " ecologically significant area " near Diamond Bar - with plans to build a reservoir and hydroelectric plant .
The scout council used money from the sale to offset upkeep costs .
Other environmental groups said they made higher offers , but the scouts chose to sell to the city , in part because that offer allowed them to keep 980 acres for scouting .
The Sierra Club and others unsuccessfully sued to block the deal .
Carlyle Hall , a lawyer who filed the lawsuit , said the city 's planned " reservoir would , of course , flood and kill everything in the canyon . "
" Everybody was quite disappointed that the scouts were willing to sell it for what would be the utter destruction of whatever environmental values were there , " Hall added .
The reservoir has n't been built , and the camp is still in business .
Elsewhere , partnerships with conservation groups have led to the preservation of some scout camps .
In Pennsylvania , the Natural Lands Trust has helped broker deals to preserve more than 5,200 acres at two camps .
Other government entities and preservationists have helped to buy and save camp lands elsewhere .
Still , scouting councils say the constant creep of development makes preserving formerly remote camps difficult .
" When you 're on a camp - out and can hear the TV blasting and smell the steak barbecuing from the house just beyond the trees , that kind of kills the whole outdoor experience , " said Rich Szymanski , properties director for the Cascade Pacific Council in Portland , Ore .
Often , the only financially viable solution , scouting officials say , is to sell such lands to builders that typically have more money than conservation groups .
A task force for the Portland council recently recommended selling its popular Scouters ' Mountain camp for no less than $ 30 million , a chunk of which would be used to help replace $ 600,000 in annual funding the council lost after scouting organizations nationwide banned gays and atheists .
A tentative deal was struck in 2007 with a developer who planned to build up to 500 homes on part of the 200 - acre camp , but the deal fell through when the economy soured , officials said .
Suburban Seattle
The sagging economy has helped delay at least one other project set for scout land , giving opponents time to ready a lawsuit .
In suburban Bothell , Wash . , developer CamWest plans to build luxury homes on woodlands primarily owned by the Chief Seattle Council .
But in recent months , the project seems stalled .
That suits neighbor Sandra Clement just fine .
Clement , who lives at the woods ' edge , has spearheaded the grassroots , Help Our Woods campaign to fight the project .
" I always thought the Boy Scouts were about trying to teach young boys about nature , how to conserve it and make it better , " Clement said .
" Not logging it and building over it . "
Her group contends the land contains old - growth trees and provides habitat to coyotes , owls , eagles and other wildlife .
They have gathered signatures , hired a lawyer and count among volunteers a wildlife biologist , who has observed " protected species " on the site , Clement said .
Another biologist , hired by the city , also found discrepancies in the developer 's wildlife report , saying its assertion that " wildlife use of the site is minimal " just is n't correct .
Officials for the scouting council , which received the land from local entrepreneur Ellen Fortin in the early 1980s , say the project plans are up to the developers .
But the council 's agreement to sell the woodland was done to live up to the donor 's intent , they said .
" The land was donated to us for the express purpose of selling it , " said Alicia Lifrak , the council 's chief operating officer .
Inside : Many donors gave the Boy Scouts land on the condition that it be preserved or used by boys for outdoor activities .
In dozens of cases , the land was sold for development .
A9
' Culture of carelessness ' : A computer a day goes missing in Whitehall
Since the start of 2002 nearly 3,000 computers have been lost or stolen across Whitehall
More than one Government computer goes missing every day , ministers have admitted .
Since the start of 2002 nearly 3,000 computers have been lost or stolen across Whitehall , which equates to eight every week .
In total 1,774 laptop computers and 1,035 desktop computers have been lost or stolen , a rate of nearly five a week and three a week respectively .
This year alone 238 laptops and 40 desktops have gone missing .
The past seven years have also seen 676 mobile phones , 202 hard drives and 195 memory sticks lost or stolen .
The worst offender is the Ministry of Defence , which handles some of the most sensitive information in Government .
It has had 866 laptops stolen and has lost 178 - more than half the total of missing laptops .
The MoD is losing laptops at a rate of nearly three a week and has also had 157 desktops stolen and lost seven .
The Department of Work and Pensions , which processes details of millions of bank accounts , national insurance contributions and benefit and pension payments , is not far behind .
The DWP has had 828 desktops mislaid or stolen - 80 per cent of all those lost to the Government since 2002 - as well as 271 laptops .
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Paul Holmes , who obtained the figures through Parliamentary questions , said : ' Everyone understands that things go astray but it is truly staggering that over the past seven years a laptop has been lost every working day across government .
' It demonstrates a culture of carelessness across Whitehall that ministers have done nothing to curtail .
' There must be serious concerns about what kind of sensitive data is on the thousands of computers that have gone missing .
' This is yet more evidence that the Government cannot be trusted with our personal information .
' There is no reason to think they will be any less slapdash with the intrusive ID cards database or the Big Brother phone call log . '
Research suggests
Government departments have lost sensitive data potentially affecting more than four million people in recent months .
The worst scandal was the loss of two discs containing the personal details of 25 million benefit claimants , which emerged in November last year .
A review has since found that the loss of data by HM Revenue and Customs was ' entirely avoidable ' .
One unencrypted laptop lost by the Ministry of Defence held 620,000 personal records for applicants to the Armed Forces .
It also contained information on 450,000 people named as referees or next - of - kin by would - be servicemen and women .
The Cabinet Office says a review of data handling has put in place ' mandatory safeguards ' to make information more secure .
The head of the Civil Service , Sir Gus O'Donnell , has admitted there has to be a ' fundamental change in culture ' among staff processing people 's personal information .
President elect seems to be a Big Mac fan , but he is reportedly working out in the gym with a Zune .
City Paper reporter Neal Santos broke the scandalous story earlier this week , after spotting Obama in a Philadelphia gym during his morning workout .
Santos ( who admits picking up the pace on own his treadmill to keep up with our next commander - in - chief ) casually looked over and … well , he swears up and down that “ from what I saw , [ Obama ] was using a Zune . ”
Obama seems to be a Zune man , but hey it ’s nice to know that we have a tech guru for a president and not a shoe bobber .
You have to love it if you ’re a tech , as we have a President that loves his gadgets .
I hope Obama puts some dollars into our Tech / Sci industry to compete with China , Japan and Korea .
No matter what our President elect uses for his pleasure , it can only be good for the technology sector !
Is the oval office equipped with a Mac or PC ?
Image via CrunchBase
I 'm trying an experiment with this year 's Utah legislative session , I 've created a Twitter account ( @utahpolitics ) and set up an autofollower on it ( hat tip to @jesse ) .
I wanted to also set up a retweeting twitterbot so that people following the account would see what anyone else following the account said when it contained certain keywords .
The world probably does n't need yet another retweeter , but I could n't find exactly what I was looking for and decided to build one for a few reasons :
I like to program I want to understand the Twitter API more deeply I did n't want to modify someone 's PHP or Python code Oh , and I like to program
Armed with those few requirements and Chris Thompson 's Net : : Twitter library , I wrote the following program in an hour or so :
#!/usr /bin/perl -w use strict ; use Net :: Twitter ; use DateTime ; use DateTime :: Format :: HTTP ; use Fcntl ; use SDBM_File ; use File :: Copy ; my $ dt = DateTime -> now ; $ dt-> subtract ( minutes => 60 ) ; my $ class = ' DateTime : : Format : : HTTP ' ; my $ since = $ class -> format_datetime ( $ dt ) ; my $ today_string = $ dt -> strftime ( " % M " ) ; my $ seen_dir = " ./ seen " ; my $ seen_file = " $ seen_dir/latest.db " ; my $ backup_file = " $ seen_dir/$today_string.db " ; # make a backup of the hash and open it unless ( -e " $backup_file.pag " ) { copy ( " $seen_file.pag " , " $backup_file.pag " ) ; copy ( " $seen_file.dir " , " $backup_file.dir " ) ; } my % seen ; tie % seen , " SDBM_File " , $ seen_file , O_CREAT|O_RDWR , 0644 || die " Ca n't link to $ seen_file , $ !\ " ; # set your own username and password here my $ user = ' put_your_twitter_screenname_here ' ; my $ password = ' put_your_password_here ' ; my $ twit = Net : : Twitter -> new ( username= > $user , password= >$ password , source => " Utah Politics Retweeter " , clientname= > " UtahPolitics ReTweeter " ) ; # find replies my $ retweets = [ ] ; my $ twit_replies = $ twit->friends_timeline( {since => $ since , count= > 100} ) ; foreach my $ reply ( @{ $ twit_replies } ) { my $ text = $ reply - > {' text '} ; my $ id = $ reply - > { ' id'} ; my $ name = $ reply ->{' user '}->{' screen_name'} ; print " . " ; if ( $ text =~ m/utahpolitics|#utpolitics / && ! $ seen {$id} ) { unshift @{ $ retweets} , \t {' name ' => $ name , \t ' id ' => $ id , \t ' text ' => $ text \t } unless $ name eq $user ; } } print " \ " ; foreach my $ retweet ( @{ $ retweets } ) { print " . " ; my $ status = " ( @ " . $ retweet - > { ' name '} . " ) " . $ retweet - >{' text '} ; my $ code = $ twit -> update ( $ status ) ; $ seen { $ retweet - > { ' id ' }} = 1 if $ code ; } print " \ " ; 1 ;
I made heavy use of Data : : Dumper to Dump data structures I got back from the library during development .
This could be generalized in lots of ways .
For example , passing the username and password along with the keywords to look for as arguments would allow it to be used for more than one ID .
I run this as a cronjob every five minutes and so far it seems to be working fine .
Phasing out an old operating system is nothing new for Microsoft , but Windows XP is unique in that it may be too good to die .
This week , Dell announced it will offer systems with the aging Windows XP for a surcharge of $ 150 over the newer Windows Vista — this only five months after it stopped offering XP on its Inspiron consumer desktop and laptop PCs .
[ Editor 's note : CIO.com was contacted by a Dell representative who clarified that the $ 150 is not a Windows XP downgrade fee , but is the total cost buyers must pay to upgrade from Vista Basic to Vista Business or Vista Ultimate and then downgrade to XP .
Microsoft mandates that customers who want to downgrade to XP must first purchase the license to Vista Business or Vista Ultimate . ]
The deadline for Windows XP downgrades has been pushed back twice now , remaining in effect until July 31 , 2009 — a strong indication that enough users want to stay with the aging XP rather than give Vista a chance .
Though market share for Windows XP dropped nearly 10 percent in 2008 as Vista slowly made gains , XP still has a market share of 66 percent , according to Web metrics company Net Applications .
XP downgrade fees from Dell and other OEMs will no doubt continue to irk customers in 2009 , while businesses that want to stay with Windows XP will do the downgrades themselves .
Industry analysts agree that Microsoft 's downgrade fees are a minor problem compared to the bigger problem of so many users still wanting an older , now discontinued OS on hardware that it was n't designed for .
Do n't Penalize XP , Incentivize Vista
Industry analyst Rob Enderle , president of tech consulting firm the Enderle Group , says the XP downgrade fees will ultimately be counter - productive and possibly disastrous for Microsoft because they trade off short - term revenue for long - term customer loyalty .
" The fix for this should be to focus like lasers on demand generation for Vista but instead Microsoft is focusing aggressively on financial penalties , " Enderle says .
" Forcing customers to go someplace they do n't want to go by raising prices is a Christmas present for Apple and those that are positioning Linux on the desktop . "
As the economic recession deepens in 2009 , the price of laptops and desktops , as with all retail items , will be closely watched by consumers and businesses .
A recent IDC report predicts that the price of PCs will drop by close to 10 percent in 2009 .
Enderle said the XP downgrade charge and the resulting pressure to move to Vista will put a magnifying glass on Microsoft in the coming year .
" Instead of charging a penalty for XP , Microsoft should provide incentives for Vista , " he says .
" They are too focused on margins for one product and are forgetting the damage they are doing to their brand . "
Worse than the downgrade fees is taking away a buyer 's freedom of choice , says Roger Kay , president of consulting and research firm Endpoint Technologies .
" People never like being ' forced ' to do anything .
They tend to resent it , " he says .
Is Windows 7 the Solution ?
Vista 's successor , Windows 7 , has been regarded as a solution to the Vista stigma , although whether or not users choosing XP over Vista is enough to move up the Windows 7 ship is still anyone 's guess .
Enderle predicts that Microsoft will change its estimated Windows 7 ship date of January 2010 and drop it sometime next year .
" Windows 7 is designed to fix this problem [ the Vista stigma ] , but it will need stronger demand generation marketing than Microsoft has yet proven it can provide , " Enderle says .
Kay , on the other hand , is not convinced that customer reliance on XP and the shunning of Vista affects Microsoft 's OS release schedule .
" Sinofsky [ Windows senior VP Steven Sinofsky ] is pretty clear about how his process works .
Windows 7 code wo n't ship until it's ready . "
Charging users for Windows XP downgrades may be Microsoft 's short - term solution to drive users to Vista and Windows 7 , but what else should the software giant do to get its customers to move forward ?
Enderle says it 's mostly a matter of better marketing .
" They have to step up to Apple - level demand generation marketing and work to remove the stigma from Vista more aggressively , " he says .
" They had an interesting start earlier this year with the Mojave project but it seems to have tailed off of late and Apple continues to out execute them sharply . "
As Windows XP fees add up and the OS continues to get pulled from OEMs , the desire to keep using the OS will likely wane in 2009 .
But that the desire is there at all should be disconcerting for Microsoft , says Enderle .
" Were this Apple , you would n't have the option to use an old OS at all .
Granted you probably would n't want to , which speaks to the problem here . "
Materiały betonowe , dzięki temu , że są wytrzymałe i odporne ma zmieniające się warunki otoczenia , należą do najczęściej wykorzystywanych produktów budowlanych .
Można je w różnorodny sposób formować .
Najpowszechniej stosowane są betony ...
Introduction
The first time I saw SVG in 2000 –2001 , I was blown away by the power it has , and the simplicity of the language , but I was also dismayed that I could n't really make use of it , because browsers did n't support it .
These days all major browsers ( with one Important Exception ) support SVG to a reasonable extent .
This means we can now start to play with it and make use of it on some sites , but Flash is still more popular for vector graphics among front end developers .
Why ?
Because few people know how to work with SVG ;
In general people coding dynamic applications are much more familiar with JavaScript ( or ActionScript ) .
To solve both the compatibility issues and the knowledge gap , I decided to create Raphaël .
This is a JavaScript library that provides an API for manipulating SVG , and SVG support for Internet Explorer .
It achieves the latter by emulating SVG in Internet Explorer using VML .
You do n't need to know SVG to work with this library , but SVG knowledge is certainly a bonus , so I 'd suggest you get up to speed with the basics if you find the time .
A simple first example
Let ’s see how it all works by looking at a simple example - let 's create a typical " progress throbber " , as seen in Apple interfaces , and copied by many .
It is often used in collaboration with Ajax , or complex calculations on the client side .
A progress throbber usually looks like that seen in Figure 1 :
Let 's recreate such a throbber without using any images - just SVG via Raphaël .
The HTML
First things first - the HTML file for our example ( spinner.html in the code download ) is very simple :
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd " > < html lang= " en " > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " > < title > Spinner </ title > < script src=" raphael.js " type = " text / javascript " charset= " utf -8 " ></ script > < script src=" spinner.js " type = " text / javascript " charset= " utf - 8 " ></ script > </ head > < body > < div id =" holder " ></div > </body > </html >
The body contains a simple div , which in turn will contain our spinner .
The only other thing to note about it is that I have linked it to the library file , raphael.js , using a script element in the head , and then done the same for spinner .js .
spinner.js is our custom script , and I will cover it below .
I prefer to create the container for such graphics in HTML , because it is easier to control it later with CSS , fitting it into layouts nicely , etc .
Feel free to add some CSS to make the example look prettier .
Coding
Next , let 's take a look at our spinner .js code :
window.onload = function ( ) { var r = Raphael ( " holder " , 600 , 600 ) , sectorsCount = 12 , // number of dashes in spinner color = " #000 " , // throbber colour width = 15 , // width of the dashes r1 = 35 , // inner radius of the spinner r2 = 60 , // outer radius of the spinner cx = 300 , // x and y of the centre of the spinner cy = 300 ,
The script is placed inside a window . onload event handler .
At the start of it we create a couple of useful variables .
Most are self - explanatory ( see the comments above ) ; r is an instance of Raphaël , created inside the " holder " div and given dimensions of 600 x 600 pixels .
The next part of spinner .js is as follows :
sectors = [ ] , // array for dashes opacity = [ ] , // array for the opacity of the dashes beta =
2 * Math .
PI / sectorsCount , // angle between dashes
Here we have defined two arrays to help us manage the dashes of the spinner and calculate the angle between dashes so we do n't need to calculate it again later .
pathParams = { stroke : color , " stroke - width " : width , " stroke - linecap " : " round " } ;
The last variable stores properties for each dash : stroke colour , stroke width and stroke line cap .
Now we get to the real business code :
for ( var i = 0 ; i < sectorsCount ; i++) { var alpha = beta * i - Math .
PI / 2 , // angle between current dash and initial state cos = Math.cos ( alpha ) , sin = Math.sin( alpha ) ; opacity [ i ] = 1 / sectorsCount * i ; // initial opacity for current dash sectors [ i ] = r.path ( pathParams ) // new path in Raphaël .moveTo(cx + r1 * cos , cy + r1 * sin ) // move to point on inner radius .
lineTo(cx + r2 * cos , cy + r2 * sin ) ; // line to point on outer radius }
In a simple cycle we calculate all the future dashes to be displayed .
Depending on the dash count we calculate the angle of the current dash and its trigonometric values , then we calculate the appropriate opacity , so the opacity of the dashes degrades from 1 to 0 as we go round the circle .
Finally , in the sectors array we add the newly created path .
In the case of this example it quite simple - it is a straight line from each angle on the inner circle to the same point on the same angle on the outer circle .
By this point the code produces something like Figure 2 .
As you can see , opacity is currently stored in the array , but it has n't yet been applied to our dashes .
Let 's do this , then animate our spinner :
( function ticker ( ) { opacity.unshift(opacity.pop ( ) ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < sectorsCount ; i++) { sectors [ i]. attr ( " opacity " , opacity [ i ] ) ; // set new opacity attribute } r.safari( ) ; // temporary ( hopefully ) fix for Safari setTimeout ( ticker , 1000 / sectorsCount ) ; } ) ( ) ;
In this code we create a function called ticker and run it immediately .
The first line of the function shifts elements in the opacity array forward .
We then run over dashes stored in the sectors array and apply an opacity attribute to each of them .
Doing this continuously will make an illusion of animation .
r.safari( ) ; fixes some rendering bugs in Safari .
At the end of the function we set timeout to run it again after a small amount of time , giving the appearance of the spinner 's continuous rotation .
It will make it run forever like a clock .
The only thing left to do is to close the function , like so :
} ;
The complete code example looks like this :
window.onload = function ( ) { var r = Raphael ( " holder " , 600 , 600 ) , sectorsCount = 12 , color = " #000 " , width = 15 , r1 = 35 , r2 = 60 , cx = 300 , cy = 300 , sectors = [ ] , opacity = [ ] , beta = 2 * Math .
PI / sectorsCount , pathParams = { stroke : color , " stroke - width " : width , " stroke - linecap " : " round " } ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < sectorsCount ; i++) { var alpha = beta * i - Math .PI / 2 , cos = Math.cos ( alpha ) , sin = Math.sin( alpha ) ; opacity [ i ] = 1 / sectorsCount * i ; sectors [ i ] = r.path ( pathParams )//.attr( " stroke " , Raphael.getColor ( ) ) .moveTo(cx + r1 * cos , cy + r1 * sin ) .lineTo(cx + r2 * cos , cy + r2 * sin ) ; } ( function ticker ( ) { opacity.unshift(opacity.pop ( ) ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < sectorsCount ; i++) { sectors [ i]. attr ( " opacity " , opacity [ i ] ) ; } r.safari ( ) ; setTimeout ( ticker , 1000 / sectorsCount ) ; } ) ( ) ; } ;
This is pretty short and simple .
The benefit of this method is that you can change foreground and background colours easily as you wish ( foreground colour is specified in the script via the color variable , and background colour is just the background of the HTML page ) , and the throbber has true opacity , so you can put it seamlessly on top of anything you like .
As a bonus try uncommenting the commented line .
Check out the live demo right now , if you fancy .
If you wanted to recreate the same example in pure SVG it would look like this :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " utf - 8 " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE svg PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD SVG 1.1//EN " " http://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/1.1/DTD/svg11.dtd " > < svg version = " 1.1 " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " xmlns:xlink = " http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink " > < g stroke - width = " 15 " stroke - linecap= " round " stroke= " #000 " transform=" translate ( 100 , 100 ) " > < animateTransform attributeName=" transform " attributeType= " XML " calcMode = " discrete " additive = " sum " type =" rotate " values =
"
30;60;90;120;150;180;210;240;270;300;330;360 " dur= " 1s " repeatCount= " indefinite " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 30 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .08 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 60 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .
16 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 90 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .
25 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 120 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .33 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 150 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .
42 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 180 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .
5 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 210 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .
58 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 240 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .
67 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2= " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 270 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .75 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 300 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " .
83 " /> < line x 1 = " 0 " y 1 = " - 35 " x 2 = " 0 " y 2 = " - 60 " transform =" rotate ( 330 , 0 , 0 ) " opacity = " . 9 " /> </g> </svg >
All the parameters are hard coded into the SVG markup , so it would n't be as easy to change the number of dashes from say 12 to 16 , but you will probably agree that this example is simpler to create using pure SVG than Raphaël JS ( well , provided you know SVG syntax ) .
The only serious problem with this example is that it would n't work in Internet Explorer and Firefox ( at the time of writing Firefox does n't support animation in SVG ) .
Raphaël code however will work everywhere .
Summary
So that 's it for your short initial look into the world of Raphaël - I hope this has demonstrated why this is a useful project to check out .
For more examples , go to the official Raphaël web site - feel free to hack some of the demos and cook your own coolness .
Lenovo Lays Stake on Prime Screen Real - Estate with Industry ’s First Dual Screen Mobile Workstation
Lenovo today is bringing users the highest levels of mobile workstation innovation and performance with the introduction of the ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation .
The ThinkPad W700ds gives users prime screen real - estate as the first mobile workstation in the industry with two screens .
Lenovo combines a new balance of unique design with complex engineering and unparalleled performance to give users in the most demanding of fields such as digital content creation , oil and gas exploration , computer - aided design and photography , the ultimate mobile workstation .
“ The ThinkPad W700ds dual screen mobile workstation challenged our international development team to engineer a notebook to fit the way workstation users work – in the office and on the road , ” said Mark Cohen , vice president , Notebook Business Unit , Lenovo .
“ Bringing this level of innovation to the most extreme PC users required continually balancing size and functionality with keeping the PC cool and quiet .
This mobile workstation is the result of where Lenovo innovation and performance intersect . ”
Video demonstration of the ThinkPad W700ds
The Power of Two
Because many workstation users typically work with two monitors , Lenovo designed the ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation with two screens to accommodate their work habits while on - the - go and to eliminate the compromise of having only one display when operating in a mobile environment .
Research has shown that extra screen real - estate with multiple monitors helps maximize user productivity versus single display solutions .
1
Measuring almost 40 percent of the 17 - inch primary screen , the 10.6 - inch second screen gives users extra screen real - estate , measuring approximately the size of a Lenovo IdeaPad S10 netbook .
The second screen easily slides out from the PC cover behind the primary screen , and it can also be adjusted to fit a user ’s viewing angle by up to 30 degrees , similarly to how a car ’s rear view mirror tilts .
This unique feature and test of engineering only adds a few millimeters in additional thickness to the mobile workstation over its predecessor , the ThinkPad W700 mobile workstation .
The second screen complements the primary optional 400 - nit WUXGA display , which provides up to twice the brightness of earlier ThinkPad mobile workstations .
The primary screen ’s 72 percent wide color gamut enables more than 50 percent greater color intensity for an uncompromised viewing experience .
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
Intersection of Innovation and Performance
With its second screen , the ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation builds on the breakthrough capabilities offered in the ThinkPad W700 mobile workstation that included the industry ’s first built - in digitizer and color calibrator for mobile workstations .
Ideal for digital content creators and users , the optional digitizer provides high resolution , pressure high resolution , pressure sensitive control of the primary screen , the primary and the secondary screen or a specific defined area of either screen .
Select models also come with a color calibrator that quickly and automatically adjusts the screen ’s color to give true - to - life images and rendering 2D and 3D images , which are important items for digital content creators .
Professional photographer , Phil Borges commented , “ The Lenovo ThinkPad W700 is the ultimate in portable workstations for photographers .
The built in calibration and the ultra bright monitor make it possible for me to do work on the road that I would normally have to wait to do in the studio .
The W700 ’s two built - in hard drives make backing up photos while I ’m on the road or in the studio a snap .
Normally the process takes me a couple of hours , but with the W700 backup time is cut in half .
Now the new ThinkPad W700ds takes it one step further with a second screen that allows me to move all my working palettes to the second screen and gives me more real estate on the main screen for photo editing . ”
The ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation gives users the latest technologies that are essential for work in data and graphics - intensive fields such as computer - assisted design , computer - aided manufacturing and others .
Top processing and graphics performance includes choices of Intel mobile quad core and extreme processors with optional dual hard drives with RAID configurations and choices of NVIDIA Quadro FX mobile graphics .
The mobile workstation offers up to 8 GB of high speed DDR3 memory and choices of solid state drive storage and traditional hard disk drives for a maximum of 960 GB of possible total storage .
The mobile workstation also carries certifications from more than 20 independent software applications .
“ The Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation is a great example of the type of innovation that can be developed utilizing Intel ’s most advanced processors , ” said Mooly Eden , vice president and general manager , Mobile Platforms Group , Intel .
“ The Intel Core 2 Extreme quad - core processor delivers the ultimate computing performance for mobile professionals , and we are very pleased that Lenovo ’s newest mobile workstation runs on this advanced technology . ”
The ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation offers a rich , customizable multimedia experience with optional DVD burner / player and high speed UDMA compact flash reader , support for Dual Link DVI , DisplayPort and VGA , a 7 - in - 1 multicard reader and five USB ports .
In addition to WiFi , for connectivity beyond the office , select models support WiMAX .
Security features include an optional fingerprint reader , a smartcard reader and hard drives with full - disk encryption .
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
The powerhouse mobile workstation also balances functionality with staying cool and quiet .
Lenovo engineered a dual thermal solution to keep the ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation running as cool as ThinkPad notebooks and quieter than the ambient noise in a typical office .
Pricing and Availability2
The ThinkPad W700ds mobile workstation is available immediately through www.lenovo.com and business partners .
Pricing for models starts at $ 3,663 .
About Lenovo
Lenovo ( HKSE : 992 ) ( ADR : LNVGY ) is dedicated to building exceptionally engineered personal computers .
Lenovo ’s business model is built on innovation , operational efficiency and customer satisfaction as well as a focus on investment in emerging markets .
Formed by Lenovo Group ’s acquisition of the former IBM Personal Computing Division , the company develops , manufactures and markets reliable , high - quality , secure and easy - to - use technology products and services worldwide .
Lenovo has major research centers in Yamato , Japan ; Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen , China ; and Raleigh , North Carolina .
For more information see www.lenovo.com.
1 Suzanne Ross : Microsoft Research News & Highlights — “ Two Screens Are Better Than One ”
2 Prices do not include tax or shipping and are subject to change without notice and is tied to specific terms and conditions .
Reseller prices may vary .
Price does not include all advertised features .
All offers subject to availability .
Lenovo reserves the right to alter product offerings and specifications at any time without notice .
lenovo thinkpad w700ds Reviews
There are couple of cheat sheets about Ruby on Rails and related technologies can be found in the web .
I decided to collect all of them ( almost all ) in one post just to keep them in mind .
All of them are in full color PDFs or PNGs .
Ruby on Rails Development Cheat Sheets
JavaScript Development Cheat Sheets
Databases / SQL Cheat Sheets
Web Development Cheat Sheets
Other Cheat Sheets
