STRASBOURG , France ( Reuters ) - Europe ’s human rights court ruled on Thursday that Britain had violated two people ’s privacy by storing their DNA profiles , even though they had not been convicted of a crime .
A strand of DNA is seen in an undated handout image .
REUTERS / National Institutes of Health / Handout
The decision calls into question rules governing use of the DNA database under which police can take samples from anyone arrested for a recordable offence .
Civil liberties groups jumped on the ruling to demand a change in the law , which the government rejected .
The test case centred on a boy who was charged with attempted robbery aged 11 and later acquitted , and a man who was charged with harassing his partner before the case was formally discontinued .
Both applied for their fingerprints , DNA samples and profiles to be destroyed , but police kept the information .
The two individuals argued that this continued to cast suspicion on them after they had been cleared of any wrongdoing .
“ The court was struck by the blanket and indiscriminate nature of the power of retention , ” said the European Court of Human Rights , based in the eastern French city of Strasbourg .
“ The powers of retention of the fingerprints , cellular samples and DNA profiles of persons suspected but not convicted of offences ... failed to strike a fair balance between the competing public and private interests , ” it said .
The 17 judges ruled unanimously that Britain had violated the right to respect for private life .
They awarded the two people concerned 42,000 euros each ( 36,400 pounds ) in expenses .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said she was disappointed by the ruling .
“ DNA and fingerprinting is vital to the fight against crime , providing the police with more than 3,500 matches a month ...
The existing law will remain in place while we carefully consider the judgement , ” she said .
But rights activists were jubilant .
“ The DNA profiles of roughly 85,000 innocent people should be taken off the National DNA Database , ” campaign group Liberty said in a statement .
“ The decision will require the UK government to reconsider its policies under which the DNA of innocent individuals ... is permanently retained by police . ”
Police defended their right to retain DNA profiles of people not convicted of any crime , saying the practice had helped identify many criminals .
“ From May 2001 to December 2005 , 200,000 DNA samples were retained on the National DNA Database which would previously have had to be removed as they were taken from people charged but not convicted of offences , ” said Chris Sims of the Association of Chief Police Officers .
“ Of these , about 8,500 profiles of individuals have been linked with crime scene profiles involving nearly 14,000 offences , ” Sims said .
The Conservatives called for a parliamentary debate on the issue .
“ This vindicates all that we have been saying about the government ’s wrong - headed approach to this issue which has caused so much resentment amongst the law abiding majority , ” said Dominic Grieve , the party ’s home affairs spokesman .
Taking a short break from lashing out at the international media for reporting the growing civilian death toll in the Gaza Strip , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert spoke in detail about the events leading up to the US abstention from the United Nations Security Council ’s vote on the Gaza Strip ceasefire .
“ Early Friday morning the secretary of state was considering bringing the cease - fire resolution to a UNSC vote and we did n’t want her to vote for it . ”
Olmert said .
“ I said ‘ get President Bush on the phone . ’
They tried and told me he was in the middle of a lecture in Philadelphia .
I said ‘ I ’m not interested , I need to speak to him now . ’
He got down from the podium , went out and took the phone call . ”
A beaming Olmert then described telling President Bush “ the US cannot possibly vote in favor of this resolution , ” and spoke with pride of how embarrassed US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was at having to abstain from voting for a resolution she helped to organize and gather support for .
The US abstention shocked diplomats , and made it easier for Israel to dismiss the ceasefire out of hand .
At the time of the vote Rice declared that the United States supported the draft but could not vote for it because of their “ special relationship ” with Israel .
Just days later
Rice too was lashing out at the resolution as “ unacceptable . ”
The American Bankers Association has a message for the president .
Bankers to Obama : Stop trashing us
The American Bankers Association has a message for the president : Stop talking trash about banks .
In his unofficial State of the Union address Tuesday night , Barack Obama said that it's " unpopular ... to be seen as helping banks right now , especially when everyone is suffering in part from their bad decisions . "
Advertisement
In a letter to the White House , ABA CEO Edward Yingling says bankers across the country were " disappointed and concerned " with rhetoric like that .
" Mr. President , of the over 8,000 banks in this country , very few ever made a single subprime loan , and they did not engage in the highly leveraged activities that brought down Wall Street firms , " Yingling said .
Yingling referred the president to statements made by Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) , the powerful chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , in which he said that the toxic mortgage lending that sparked the current crisis was done by mortgage brokers and others not subject to the strict rules that govern commercial banks .
" Mr. President , the failure to distinguish between Wall Street and the thousands of FDIC - insured banks across the country undermines the confidence in our banking industry , the industry which is the foundation on which our economic recovery must be built , " Yingling said .
" We stand ready to work with your administration to promote policies that will clear the way to do what banks do best : finance business and families that are ready to move the economy forward .
But these efforts will only be inhibited by misperceptions about our industry . "
In his speech , Obama said that too many bad loans from the housing crisis have made their way onto the books of too many banks " — and that , " with so much debt and so little confidence , these banks are now fearful of lending out any more money to households , to businesses or to each other . "
But traditional bank lending accounts for a mere third of the entire credit markets , Yingling said in an interview on C - SPAN's " Newsmakers " program , and the banks ' share actually grew in 2008 .
Let me ask you a question .
Is there any way to read the following tripe from Mark Steyn without coming to the conclusion that he values sexually transmitted diseases for their deterrent effect on promiscuity and that he does not want to reduce the transmission and occurrence of STD’s ?
Nancy Pelosi , Speaker of the House , is on TV explaining the ( at this point the congregation shall fall to its knees and prostrate itself ) “ stimulus . ”
“ How , ” asks the lady from CBS , “ does $ 335 million in STD prevention stimulate the economy ? ”
“ I ’ll tell you how , ” says Speaker Pelosi .
“ I ’m a big believer in prevention .
And we have , er… there is a part of the bill on the House side that is about prevention .
It ’s about it being less expensive to the states to do these measures . ”
Makes a lot of sense .
If we have more STD prevention , it will be safer for loose women to go into bars and pick up feckless men , thus stimulating the critical beer and nuts and jukebox industries .
To do this , we need trillion - dollar deficits , which our children and grandchildren will have to pay off , but , with sufficient investment in prevention measures , there wo n’t be any children or grandchildren , so there ’s that problem solved .
The more interviews Speaker Pelosi gives explaining how vital the STD industry is to restarting the U.S. economy , the more I find myself hearing “ syphilis ” every time she says “ stimulus . ”
There are probably many appropriations that would be more directly stimulative to the economy than money that goes towards the prevention of STD ’s , but treating STD ’s does cost money and states will save money if they have less cases of STD to treat .
I ’m not concerned with Steyn ’s critique of the efficacy of STD prevention as a stimulus .
What concerns me is that he seems to think that preventing STD ’s will lead to a culture where women ( not men , interestingly ) will feel free to have sex with whomever they want .
Steyn would much rather have STD ’s occurring with significant enough frequency that women feel constrained in picking their partners and display much less promiscuity .
He ’s quite open about this .
And , even if we posit that there is some socially beneficial advantage to less female promiscuity ( beyond lowering the incidence of STD’s ) , we have to wonder about a person that wants people to get a disease as a lesson for others .
Is n’t is possible for people to be less promiscuous without the threat of STD’s ?
And why does n’t any of this apply to men ?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , December 31 , 2008
Top Neo -Con John Bolton told Fox News yesterday that the conflict in Gaza could lead to a U.S. attack on Iran as the former U.S. ambassador to the UN exploited the crisis to propagandize for a new war .
“ So while our focus obviously is on Gaza right now , this could turn out to be a much larger conflict , ” said Bolton , adding that “ we ’re looking at potentially a multi - front war here . ”
“ I do n’t think there ’s anything at this point standing between Iran and nuclear weapons other than the possibility of the use of military force possibly by the United States , possibly by Israel , ” added the former ambassador , suggesting that a strike on Iran ’s facilities by Israel alone would be risky but could push Iran back by three or four years .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Bolton ’s ceaseless fearmongering about Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon contradicts the U.S. intelligence community ’s own National Intelligence Estimate , which concluded that Iran abandoned its nuclear weapons program in 2003 and was highly unlikely to develop a nuclear weapon this decade .
Bolton ’s implication that other Arab states would support an attack on Iran to prevent them from obtaining nuclear weapons , and in his own words “ pop champagne corks , ” is a ludicrous claim .
Bolton is actually trying to suggest that Arabs celebrate when the U.S. attacks the Middle East .
The invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan alone have stoked anti-US sentiment across the Middle East and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , far from being viewed as a dangerous tyrant , is seen as more of a “ hero ” across the Middle East , according to a 2007 L.A.
Times investigative report .
Watch the clip .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
You do n’t need me to tell you what a battle is going on for this flotilla … and I am doing little but watch from amongst my textbooks and stethoscopes .
I am sorry I have not given you my usual updates , but I know you will do perfectly well without me .
I think I am just still at sea ( ha ) in many ways , and watching is all I can manage .
Speaking of which .
Al Jazeera made a documentary about Vik and ISM ’s Gaza work , and Adie has just told me that you can watch it here , where you can also see the times it is on the telly this week , if you get Al Jazeera .
Vik had two dreams : to become a writer and to get back to Palestine after Israel refused him entry .
He achieved both , and no matter how impossible it is for me to believe I will never share an evening of shisha and mojito with him again , I do actually see his life as complete .
As all our hearts follow the 2011 flotilla , named “ Stay Human ” in his memory , I want to give you my own translation of the first words Vik posted to his Italian blog after he and I and our comrades arrived to Gaza on our two little boats on August 23 , 2008 .
“ History is us .
History is not cowardly governments
with their loyalty to whoever has the strongest military
History is made by ordinary people
everyday people , with family at home and a regular job
who are committed to peace as a great ideal
to the rights of all
to staying human .
History is us
who risked our lives
to bring utopia within reach
to offer a dream , a hope , to hundreds of thousands of people
Who cried with us
as we reached the port of Gaza
… Our message of peace
is a call to action
for other ordinary people like ourselves
not to hand over your lives
to whatever puppeteer is in charge this time round
But to take responsibility for the revolution
First , the inner revolution
to give love , to give empathy
It is this that will change the world
We have shown that peace is not an impossible utopia
Or perhaps we have shown that sometimes
utopia can be possible
Believe this
Stand firm against intimidation , fear , and despair
And simply remain human . ”
– Vittorio Arrigoni
In the words of Vik ’s mother , Egidia Beretta :
“ This lost child of mine is more alive than ever before , like the grain that has fallen to the ground and died to bring forth a plentiful harvest .
I see it and hear it already in the words of his friends , above all the younger among them , some closer , some from afar …we were a long way from Vittorio , but now we are closer than ever , with his living presence magnified at every passing hour , like a wind from Gaza , from his beloved Mediterranean , blowing fierily to deliver the message of his hope and of his love for those without a voice , for the weak and the oppressed , passing the baton . ”
Are n’t we lucky to have a vision that is worth all we can give it – even our lives ?
Police Sergeant Doubled as Serial Rapist
Wife Stands by Illinois Policeman Jeff Pelo , Sentenced to More Than 400 Years in Prison
On April 4 , 2003 , 25 - year - old Kristi Mills awoke to the unimaginable : a masked intruder standing in her doorway .
" I was in shock , " Mills said .
" Absolute shock .
I looked at the door and saw the light there , and something just did n't seem right .
And that 's when I saw him .
" The next thing I remember is he was on top of me in the bed , " she said .
Mills said the intruder told her he was there to burglarize her , and that he did n't want to hurt her , but if she made noise , he would shoot .
Wearing a ski mask and gloves , he seemed oddly calm and methodical as he bound her with zip ties and duct tape , she said .
" He actually taped all the way around my head so that I would n't be able to open my mouth at all .
Put tape over my eyes . "
Then he slipped a pillowcase over her head .
" He seemed very assertive when he talked and not like somebody who's , you know , panicking .
He seemed like he knew what he was doing , " Mills said .
The man sexually assaulted Mills for 45 minutes .
Then , still blindfolded , he forced her into the bathroom where she heard water running .
" I started to panic and I thought he was going to shoot me in the bathtub , " she said .
" Just over a month from my 26th birthday , and I was going to die . "
Mills was forced to take a long bath and told to wash carefully , while her rapist calmly walked about her apartment cleaning up after himself .
As quickly as he had arrived , he was gone , taking with him all the evidence , including the bed sheets .
She was so upset and scared that when she got out of the bathtub , removed the pillowcase , and ripped the tape from off her eyes , she " actually ripped hunks of hair out . "
She then called 911 .
Rapist 's Next Victim
Two years later , the rapist found his fourth victim , 28 - year - old restaurant manager Sarah Kalmes - Gliege , who also awoke to someone coming into her room in the middle of the night .
She was just six weeks away from her wedding .
" It was gun to my head , knife to my throat , " said Kalmes - Gliege .
He made it clear he had been stalking her , and he threatened her loved ones .
" He knew everything about me , " she said .
" What my sister looks like to what car my husband drove , my work schedule .
He knew where I worked out .
Pretty much everything . "
Kalmes - Gliege had brushed off an attempted break - in a couple of months earlier .
" I did n't take that seriously , " she said .
The intruder sexually assaulted and attacked Sarah for almost three hours .
As with Mills , he was careful .
He bound her hands and covered her head with a pillowcase .
" The majority of the assault was spent just humiliating and demeaning and terrorizing me .
I mean , it was n't at all about anything to do with sex .
Just devastation is what , how I felt . "
Rape Investigation : Searching for a Model Citizen
Before leaving , as he had with Mills and his other victims , the attacker forced Kalmes - Gliege into the bathroom for a long soak to wash away the evidence .
" All I could think about was , ' I can't have someone call my family , my fiancé , my parents , my siblings and tell them that I have been killed six weeks before I get married , ' " she said .
He left her alone , shaking in her tub and waiting hours until sunrise to flee .
Although she considered telling no one , she thought , " If I do n't tell the police , this person is going to rape yet another person . "
So she called the cops .
Even through her trauma , Kalmes - Gliege had memorized details of her attacker , from his gait to the haunting eyes behind his mask .
" He had a very distinct way of walking , " she said .
" Kind of cumbersome .
He had very distinct bright blue eyes .
I knew I would be able to pick them out as soon as I saw that person . "
Mills also remembered his eyes .
" When you 're staring into those eyes and that 's the only thing you can see and the only thing you can focus on , they stick with you . "
Bloomington , Ill. , Police Detective Clay Wheeler had spent two years , from December 2002 to January 2005 , pursuing the first serial rapist in his town 's memory .
" I 've seen more brutal things , more violent things , but some of the things that happened and what he would say and tell these girls as he 's assaulting them , and I mean , I get chills and just … it just disgusts me , " he said .
He and his partner Matthew Dick realized this was a special kind of rapist ; he was a stalker , a man seemingly obsessed with his victims who gathered intimate details about them .
" He 's actually engaging in conversation rather than just the quick act of violence , " Dick said .
The victims described how he would talk almost lovingly to them , as if he was their boyfriend , before getting angry and violent .
And he knew how to cover his tracks .
" It was very obvious to us that this was a sophisticated criminal and knew what he was doing , " Dick said .
When the police turned to the FBI for help , they were told the rapist might be a seemingly model citizen .
" The one thing they did tell us that I 'll never forget is that this would be some guy that everybody works with .
They 'll say , ' Naw .
He could n't do that .
He would n't do that , ' you know .
And it'd be somebody that would be maybe a respected member of the community , " Wheeler said .
The police had no prime suspect .
Meanwhile , the rapist was stalking his next victim .
Stalking Results in Surprising Suspect
Jonelle Galuska , 29 , lived in fear .
She said she knew she was being watched .
" I did n't feel comfortable going outside by myself .
That 's how much my life changed , " she said .
" It 's like my home became a prison . "
Then she was woken one night by her startled dog .
" I had a strange feeling , " she said .
" I hear knocking at the door , like an urgent knock . "
She called the police .
At 1 a.m. , Bloomington police officer Dave Zeamer arrived to find a man standing against the house , and in the glare of his flashlight , saw the intruder turn and walk away .
" I yell , ' Police .
Stop , police ! ' "
Zeamer said .
To his shock , he knew the man who turned around .
It was one of his own ... fellow Bloomington police officer Jeff Pelo , his former supervisor .
Pelo was a 17 - year veteran of the Bloomington police , a former policeman of the year and married father of three .
" You got that relief of , ' Oh , it 's Pelo . '
But then you are like , ' Wait a minute , it 's Pelo .
What 's he doing out here ? ' "
Zeamer said .
Once a trusted cop , now Pelo was a suspected serial rapist .
" As soon as I heard that Jeff Pelo was stopped outside that house , that connection had been drawn in my mind , " said Dick .
Mounting evidence revealed how Pelo may have used his police training and access to commit the crimes and cover his tracks .
Detectives found that Pelo's police computer had been used to run license plate searches on three of the victims .
Pelo claimed that someone else must have been using his computer terminal .
" Victims described how [ the rapist ] would pull some of the items around from his belt .
You know , the gloves that they described were consistent with what police officers or security officers commonly wear , " Wheeler remembered .
It made sense that the rapist might be cop , he said .
During a tense interrogation , Pelo denied " prowling " around Galuska 's home and said he was only looking at the nearby lake .
He was house - hunting , he said , rubbing his head and eyebrows nervously .
Then , a search of Pelo's home turned up a jacket and a ski mask made of fibers that matched the kind found on the duct tape used to bind Mills .
" Fiber evidence was what I think was the most important , " Dick said .
" About the only actual physical evidence to tie Jeff Pelo to these crimes . "
The victims were brought in to see if they could identify him , first through a voice line - up .
" The third victim , when she heard his voice , she literally curled up into the fetal position and pulled herself into the wall of the interview room , " Dick said .
" If you spend two hours listening to that person threatening , degrade you , it does n't take very much to recognize it , " said Sarah .
Three victims also picked Pelo out of a photo line - up , even though the rapist had worn a mask during the attacks .
But it was those clear blue eyes both Kalmes - Gliege and Mills said they remembered so vividly .
Believing Pelo was the rapist , Dick and Wheeler said he had betrayed the badge they held dear .
" To go to the victims and have to tell them that ' This was one of my own that did this to you , ' " Dick said .
" It was pretty devastating . "
Sarah Kalmes - Gliege said Dick was choked up and teary when he told her .
" And you could just see how much this breach of trust and the breach of the oath that they have taken to ' serve and protect ' had affected them . "
Wheeler marveled at the victims ' capacity for empathy .
" You would think that they would be mad at the department , felt violated by us .
But they were trying to help us get through it as much as anything , " he said .
Family Stands By Pelo
Pelo 's family -- his wife of 20 years , Rickie , and their three kids -- stand by him .
Rickie Pelo said the police jumped to conclusions .
" He was in the wrong place at the wrong time , " she said .
" He 's explained to me .
He 's never given me any reason not to believe him .
So I do believe him . "
Pelo's home life was exemplary , according to his family .
He seemed to be a devoted family man who volunteered at his kids ' schools .
He coached his 19 - year - old daughter Shayla 's softball team .
" He was like the best family man you could ever ask for , " Shayla Pelo said .
" I mean , he went to all of our sporting events and , you know , every day he would tell us how much he loved us . "
Rickie Pelo describes her husband as being her kids ' biggest fan .
" In fact , my oldest daughter 's friends would always joke around .
They knew when her dad was in the audience because they could hear him . "
When Pelo went on trial in May 2008 , the most damaging testimony came from his victims .
" The women that were his victims , the women that survived his attacks , were all women that were willing to stand up , " Mills said .
" We took control back .
And I think that 's what really led to his downfall . "
Kalmes - Gliege agreed : " I do think that his biggest mistake was he chose the wrong women to assault , " women who were strong enough to come forward , she said .
After six weeks the jury returned a damning verdict : guilty on 35 counts of rape , kidnapping and stalking .
He was sentenced to 440 years , one of the longest sentences in Illinois history .
" I just felt it was important to have him be accountable to me , to my family , to the public for the things that he did .
I have no doubt that the person sitting in jail right now , Mr. Pelo , is who is responsible for every single one of these attacks , " said Kalmes - Gliege .
But Pelo's family says the jury got it wrong .
" I do n't think he did it , " Rickie Pelo said .
" There was n't DNA that said it was him .
There was n't any hard proof to say it was him , so I just do n't understand how so many people have come to the conclusion that he 's a bad person , " said Shayla Pelo .
Rickie said she tries to shut out the present , fondly remembering the Jeff Pelo that she knew , the man she fell in love with when she was just 18 .
" He had such a great sense of humor , " she said .
" Such a loving , caring heart .
Actually , the first thing that I fell in love with are his eyes .
His eyes were just beautiful , and I could just lose myself in them . "
They 're the same eyes that will stare at four walls in a small cell for the rest of his life , the eyes his victims say they cannot forget .
Peace activist and actor shrug off protests over plan to appear together at this year 's song contest in Moscow
Israel 's entry for this year 's Eurovision song contest , a rare pairing of a Jewish and an Arab singer , has sparked criticism from Arab artists at a time of tense relations in the wake of the Gaza conflict .
Achinoam Nini , a popular Jewish Israeli singer and peace activist , often known just as Noa , will sing a duet with Mira Awad , a well - known Arab Israeli singer and actor .
The pair have worked together in the past and are rehearsing four songs in Hebrew , Arabic and English , one of which will be chosen through a television broadcast next month , before they take part in Eurovision in Moscow this May .
The day after Israel launched its war on Gaza in late December , Nini , 39 , was selected by the Israel Broadcasting Authority and promptly suggested she pair up with Awad , who was born in Galilee and now lives in Tel Aviv .
Awad , 33 , who appeared to enthusiastic reviews in a popular Israeli television sitcom last year , will be the first Arab to represent Israel at the competition .
About a fifth of Israel 's citizens are Arabs , who have equal rights but who for years have faced discrimination .
The idea for the duo came quickly to Nini , who is a very public supporter of left - wing causes in Israel and joint Jewish - Arab organisations .
However , it has provoked a sharp reaction at a time of heightened tensions both with the war in Gaza and the electoral success of a far - right Jewish politician , Avigdor Lieberman , who wants all Arab Israelis to swear an oath of loyalty to Israel as a Jewish state or lose their citizenship .
A group of Arab artists , some Israeli , some Palestinian , sent Awad an open letter calling on her to withdraw from the performance .
" The Israeli government is sending the two of you to Moscow as part of its propaganda machine that is trying to create the appearance of Jewish - Arab coexistence under which it carriers out the daily massacre of Palestinian civilians , " the letter said .
" Please , Mira , for the children of Gaza and for the future of every child in this land — Arabs and Jews — do n't be an accomplice to the killing machine . "
However , the pair appear undeterred .
Awad said she wanted to make the point that Jews and Arabs had no choice but to find a way to live together .
" It 's very important for me not to go back to the corner and just disappear , " she told the Associated Press .
Nini said millions would be watching the duo on stage and this was their opportunity to send a message of peace .
" Some people will see an Arab girl who looks Jewish and a Jewish girl who looks Arab , which is what we are .
Maybe it will open some people 's minds , " she said .
Previous Israeli Eurovision contenders make an eclectic mix .
Two years ago the choice was a band called the Teapacks from the southern Israeli town of Sderot , long targeted by rockets fired by Palestinian militants in Gaza .
Their song , about the threat of terrorism , was called Push the Button .
But the most successful was the transsexual known as Dana International , who swept to overall victory in 1998 with a song called Diva .
Minimum Computer System Requirements CPU
Pentium 266MHz or better RAM 32 Mb or better Internet connection 28.8 Kb /s ( or 56 Kb / s if talking with teachers ) System Windows 2000 or XP ( SP2 ) or better IE Internet Explorer 5 or better Macromedia Flash Player : essential , Flash Player 8 or better Sound board 16 bit Soundblaster compatible ( ESS is n't preferred ) Video board 256 - color or better Speakers and microphone essential ( headphones with attached microphone are preferred , although you may use a separate microphone and headphones / speakers ) .
Trumpet essential Monitor 1024x768 resolution or more
You will need a Web camera ( webcam ) , a microphone , and speakers or headphones to conduct our online sessions .
We suggest that you install one of the following Instant Messengers to conduct our student counseling :
Skype ( preferred ) : http://www.skype.com
MSN Instant Messenger : http://join.msn.com/messenger/overview
A judge decided today that the accused mastermind of what is allegedly the largest Ponzi scheme in history will remain free on a $ 10 million bond but will continue to be under house arrest at his posh Manhattan penthouse .
U.S. prosecutors had asked that Madoff be jailed while awaiting trial on a federal fraud charge .
U.S. Magistrate Judge Ronald Ellis ruled that Madoff was not a flight risk and did not pose a threat to society .
Prosecutors had requested that his bail be revoked because Madoff had mailed more than $ 1 million in jewelry and heirlooms to people over the holidays and apparently had written , but not mailed , millions of dollars of checks to people .
The decision is sure to further outrage investors who have been clamoring for Madoff to be sent to jail for allegedly carrying out the largest financial fraud in history .
Prosecutors said the gifts were grounds to have his bail revoked because what ’s left of Madoff ’s assets will have to be returned to burned investors .
According to the report , Madoff ’s new bail conditions include an inventory of his personal property and searches of his mail .
The judge ruled that federal prosecutors failed to prove their contention that Madoff posed risks sufficient to merit his incarceration pending trial .
The anxiously awaited decision does put further restrictions on Madoff , including forcing him to come up with a list of items at his apartment and allowing a security firm to check on the items .
The security company will also be allowed to search all outgoing mail from Madoff to ensure that no property has been transferred .
Read
Madoff did the unthinkable in the Jewish community ; he ripped off their own .
While it is considered good business to rip off anybody else , Bernie targeted the darlings of Palm Beach .
Such was this indiscretion ; his own family blew the whistle ( after salting away their share offshore ) and threw him under the bus .
When the front wheels failed to stem the prospect of social ostracism , his family reported his pathetic effort to keep a few watches and other items , like gloves , out of the hands of liquidators and kicked him back under so the back wheels could get him .
The judge is ordering Madoff to list items of value at his apartment as part of his agreement to stay free on bail .
Investors in the $ 50 billion scheme have been angered that the investment firm owner has been allowed to stay at his $ 7 million penthouse apartment while many of them have lost everything .
Madoff told FBI agents last month that he had overseen a financial fraud and estimated that it had cost investors as much as $ 50 billion , according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan .
The fraud was continuing just days before Madoff confessed it to the FBI , according to a lawsuit filed by a New York company that asserts Madoff took in $ 10 million from it on Dec. 5 .
A government - appointed receiver has now taken over his firm , and agents from the Securities and Exchange Commission agents and FBI investigators are conducting a far - flung investigation to see who may have aided Madoff .
On Monday , the trustee overseeing the liquidation of Madoff ’s firm sent 8,000 claim forms to people who may have invested with Madoff , asking them to detail what they believe they are owed .
Letting infants watch TV can do more harm than good says wide - ranging international review
A leading child expert is warning parents to limit the amount of television children watch before the age of two , after an extensive review published in the January issue of Acta Paediatrica showed that it can do more harm than good to their ongoing development .
Professor Dimitri A Christakis , from the Seattle Children 's Research Institute and the University of Washington , USA , has also expressed considerable concerns about DVDs aimed at infants that claim to be beneficial , despite a lack of scientific evidence .
And he points out that France has already taken the matter so seriously that in summer 2008 the Government introduced tough new rules to protect the health and development of children under three from the adverse effects of TV .
Professor Christakis ' extensive review looked at 78 studies published over the last 25 years and reiterates the findings of numerous studies he has carried out with colleagues into this specialist area .
He points out that as many as nine in ten children under the age of two watch TV regularly , despite ongoing warnings , and some spend as much as 40 per cent of their waking hours in front of a TV .
" No studies to date have demonstrated benefits associated with early infant TV viewing " says Professor Christakis , whose review looked at the effect that TV has on children 's language , cognitive skills and attentional capacity , as well as areas for future research .
" The weight of existing evidence suggests the potential for harm and I believe that parents should exercise due caution in exposing infants to excessive media " he says .
" For example , the American Academy of Paediatrics discourages TV viewing in the first two years of life , but only six per cent of parents are aware of this advice despite ongoing publicity . "
Key findings of Professor Christakis ' review includes :
29 per cent of parents who took part in a survey of 1,000 American families published in 2007 said they let their infants watch TV because they thought it was " good for their brains " .
But claims made by manufacturers are not substantiated by peer - reviewed medical papers and industry studies .
Watching TV programmes or DVDs aimed at infants can actually delay language development , according to a number of studies .
For example , a 2008 Thai study published in Acta Paediatrica found that if children under 12 months watched TV for more than two hours a day they were six times more likely to have delayed language skills .
Another study found that children who watched baby DVDs between seven and 16 months knew fewer words than children who did not .
found that if children under 12 months watched TV for more than two hours a day they were six times more likely to have delayed language skills .
Another study found that children who watched baby DVDs between seven and 16 months knew fewer words than children who did not .
Infants as young as 14 months will imitate what they see on a TV screen , but they learn better from live presentations .
For example , one study found that children learnt Mandarin Chinese better from a native speaker than they did from a video of the same speaker .
A study of 1,300 children conducted by the author and colleagues in 2004 found a modest association between TV viewing before the age of three and attentional problems at the age of seven , after a wide range of other factors were ruled out .
In another study , the author and colleagues looked at the effects of early TV viewing on cognitive development at school age .
They found that children who had watched a lot of TV in their early years did not perform as well when they underwent tests to check their reading and memory skills .
More than one in five parents who took part in another study said that they got their infants to watch TV when they needed time to themselves .
This , says the author , is an understandable and realistic need , but not one that should be actively promoted .
But why does television have such a negative effect on children of this age ?
" We believe that one reason is the fact that it exposes children to flashing lights , scene changes , quick edits and auditory cuts which may be over stimulating to developing brains " says Professor Christakis .
" TV also replaces other more important and appropriate activities like playing or interacting with parents . "
There have been concerns about infants viewing TV for the last four decades but it has only been in recent years that studies have provided the empirical data to back up those concerns .
" The explosion in infant TV viewing and the potential risks associated with it raise several important policy implications " concludes Professor Christakis .
" First and foremost , the lack of regulation related to claims made by people promoting programmes and DVDs aimed at infants is problematic .
Educational claims should , and can , be based on scientific data .
Despite this , the names of the products and the testimonials they use often convince parents that TV viewing has a positive impact on their infants .
" Secondly , parents need to be better informed about what activities really do promote healthy development in young children .
This may provide some defence against the aggressive marketing techniques being employed .
" Last , but not least , more resources need to be made available to fund critical research related to the effects of media on young children . "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Google recently released its annual rundown of popular searches for 2008 - what they call the " zeitgeist " list - and it's a reminder , once again , of how much we reveal about ourselves every time we type into a search bar .
We 're interested in Obama , but we 're also extremely fond of posing questions to Google like , " what is love ? " and " what is life ? " ( also popular in the " what is " category : " java " and " scientology " ) .
Search engines have become modern society 's version of an oracle - the place to ask all your questions , and after some churning of algorithms , something akin to an answer pops out .
Alone with just your computer screen , these searches can feel very private .
But Google & Co. gather a lot of information about you as you surf , including the date and time for your search , your search terms , and your IP address , which can help identify your computer and , more important as far as advertisers are concerned , your location .
( An IP address , as you 'll recall , is made up of 4 sets of numbers , ranging from 0 - 255 , separated by periods .
Each number is called an " octet . "
For example , 22.231.113.67 . )
Companies like Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) , Yahoo , and Microsoft know it's in their best interests to guard user information very closely .
But that information is also key to their business models : they need user data to improve their search engine formulas and , to attract advertisers , match a marketing pitch to an individual 's interests .
So if you 're a 33 - year - old working female who lives in New York City and who likes to search for Jimmy Choo pumps , you might see ads for a local shoe store - thanks to the personal information the search engines have about you .
" There are many free online tools , but they 're not really free , " explained Greg Conti , a professor of computer science at West Point and the author of Googling Security : How Much Does Google Know About You ?
" We end up paying for them with micro-payments of personal information which , in turn , are captured and used for data mining and targeted advertising . "
Protecting your identity - is it enough ?
Still , the practice of gathering and keeping user information has long been controversial .
Critics say it violates users ' privacy .
The search engines argue that user data is crucial to their ability to innovate and stay competitive .
Earlier this month , Yahoo ( YHOO , Fortune 500 ) said it would keep personally - identifiable information in its database for no more than 90 days , down from 13 months previously .
This fall Google said it would keep your data for nine months instead of 18 months .
Microsoft retains your information for 18 months .
At that time , the companies say they delete or disguise any information that could be tied to a specific individual , including IP addresses , in case the information is accidentally leaked or is stolen .
They keep other information like your search terms and the time you conducted a search .
There are big differences , however , in the way that companies make user information anonymous .
Google ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) and Yahoo , for instance , block the last octet of your IP address .
Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) says it deletes the entire address .
Opponents , however , say Google and Yahoo 's measures do n't go far enough .
" [ Removing the last three digits of the last octet ] is like taking the last digit or two off a phone number , " argued Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center .
" It 's the preceding digits that give you the most information . "
A cautionary tale
All of the hand - wringing raises an important question : how much do users really care about their privacy ?
Conti , the West Point professor , interviewed some 250 college students about two years ago and found that they knew or suspected their surfing habits were being recorded , but said they really did n't care .
" They needed the quick fix of information and that outweighed any longer term concerns [ about privacy ] , " said Conti .
This is n't all that surprising in the Facebook era .
Many of these same college students are probably avid members of a social network , where they happily divulge their favorite movies , what they did over the weekend , and their relationship status .
Marketers , in fact , point out this free flow of information in arguing that people actually want to see advertising tailored specifically for them .
So does privacy really matter ?
It should .
Consider AOL .
In 2006 , the Web portal accidentally released details of up to 20 million Web searches by some 650,000 of its users .
Names were n't attached to the searches , but they were disturbing in their level of intimacy .
At the site AOL Stalker , which has the leaked search results , the most popular search is User # 672368 .
In the course of two months , this user searched " curb morning sickness , " " you 're pregnant he does n't want the baby , " " baby names , " " abortion clinics charlotte nc , " and " engagement rings " - in that order .
( AOL and Fortune.com are owned by Time Warner ( TWX , Fortune 500 ) . )
It 's not just personal embarrassment that 's at stake , argue privacy advocates .
Merger talks between two companies , for instance , could be compromised if high - level employees at either company used the Internet to search for information about the potential partner - and those searches , along with the employees names , were made public .
Here 's an idea for how to raise consumer awareness :
If everyone looked at their histories , we might realize just how much information we 're handing over and entrusting to others .
Google offers just such a feature , called " web history , " and AOL Search has a link on its homepage where users can view their search history from the past 30 days .
( Yahoo and Microsoft do not offer this kind of feature . )
For many people , looking at past searches would be like opening up a personal diary .
Claim moral superiority , intimidate enemies and crush dissent – Israel 's media management is not just impressive , it 's terrifying
One of my students was arrested yesterday and spent the night in a prison cell .
R’s offence was protesting the Israeli assault on Gaza .
He joins over 700 other Israelis who have been detained since the beginning of Israel ’s ruthless war on Gaza : an estimated 230 of whom are still behind bars .
Within the Israeli context , this strategy of quelling protest and stifling resistance is unprecedented , and it is quite disturbing that the international media has failed to comment on it .
Simultaneously , the Israeli media has been towing the government line to such a degree that no criticism of the war has been voiced on any of the three local television stations .
Indeed , the situation has become so absurd that reporters and anchors are currently less critical of the war than the military spokespeople .
In the absence of any critical analysis , it is not so surprising that 78 % of Israelis , or about 98 % of all Jewish Israelis , support the war .
But eliding critical voices is not the only way that public support has been secured .
Support has also been manufactured through ostensibly logical argumentation .
One of the ways the media , military and government have been convincing Israelis to rally behind the assault is by claiming that Israel is carrying out a moral military campaign against Hamas .
The logic , as Eyal Weizman has cogently observed in his groundbreaking book , Hollow Land , is one of restraint .
The Israeli media continuously emphasises Israel ’s restraint by underscoring the gap between what the military forces could do to the Palestinians and what they actually do .
Here are a few examples of the refrains Israelis hear daily while listening to the news :
• Israel could bomb houses from the air without warning , but it has military personnel contact – by phone no less – the residents 10 minutes in advance of an attack to alert them that their house is about to be destroyed .
The military , so the subtext goes , could demolish houses without such forewarnings , but it does not do so because it values human life .
• Israel deploys teaser bombs – ones that do not actually ruin houses – a few minutes before it fires lethal missiles ; again , to show that it could kill more Palestinians but chooses not to do so .
• Israel knows that Hamas leaders are hiding in al - Shifa hospital .
The intimation is that it does not raze the medical centre to the ground even though it has the capacity to do so .
• Due to the humanitarian crisis the Israeli military stops its attacks for a few hours each day and allows humanitarian convoys to enter the Gaza Strip .
Again , the unspoken claim is that it could have barred these convoys from entering .
The message Israel conveys through these refrains has two different meanings depending on the target audience .
To the Palestinians , the message is one that carries a clear threat : Israel ’s restraint could end and there is always the possibility of further escalation .
Regardless of how lethal Israel ’s military attacks are now , the idea is to intimidate the Palestinian population by underscoring that the violence can always become more deadly and brutal .
This guarantees that violence , both when it is and when it is not deployed , remains an ever - looming threat .
The message to the Israelis is a moral one .
The subtext is that the Israeli military could indiscriminately unleash its vast arsenal of violence , but chooses not to , because its forces , unlike Hamas , respect human life .
This latter claim appears to have considerable resonance among Israelis , and , yet , it is based on a moral fallacy .
The fact that one could be more brutal but chooses to use restraint does not in any way entail that one is moral .
The fact that the Israeli military could have razed the entire Gaza Strip , but instead destroyed only 15 % of the buildings does not make its actions moral .
The fact that the Israeli military could have killed thousands of Palestinian children during this campaign , and , due to restraint , killed “ only ” 300 , does not make Operation Cast Lead ethical .
Ultimately , the moral claims the Israeli government uses to support its actions during this war are empty .
They actually reveal Israel ’s unwillingness to confront the original source of the current violence , which is not Hamas , but rather the occupation of the Gaza Strip , West Bank and East Jerusalem .
My student , R , and the other Israeli protesters seem to have understood this truism ; in order to stop them from voicing it , Israel has stomped on their civil liberties by arresting them .
I 've been predicting major food poisoning for the past eight years , and how ironic is it that the most prominent example happens only after Bush is on the way out the door ?
I used to work for an FDA - compliance consulting firm , and shortly after Bush took over , the FDA called all its agents back from the field " to rewrite the field manual " ( even though it was updated on a regular basis ) and announced they would no longer do random inspections of facilities .
In fact , the only manufacturing facilities they would inspect were the ones that were already operating under a consent order !
There was even an FDA FAQ directed at employees : Q. " Is n't this defacto deregulation ? "
A. : " Of course not !
We are simply trying to make the agency more efficient . "
( Hint : Whenever they spell out an objection in order to deny it , it 's usually a dead giveaway . )
I was appalled .
I gathered up all the supporting documentation and started making phone calls to science and business reporters :
The New York Times , the Washington Post , the L.A. Times , the Boston Globe , even the trade industry publications .
No one was interested .
Everyone I spoke to said they found it hard to believe that the U.S. government would risk the food and drug supply like that and treated me like a crank .
Not so far - fetched now , huh ?
This is the second installment in my series of 10 New Developments in Renewable Energy This Week detailing all the important events of the last week or so .
Barack H. Obama was sworn in as President of the USA with a mandate to transform the renewable energy industry .
That program , as Obama has outlined it , includes doubling the country ’s renewable energy production and spending at least $ 150 billion to develop cleaner energy technologies .
Abu Dhabi hosted its second World Future Energy Summit earlier this week , where roughly 16,000 business leaders , green - tech researchers and politicians engaged in a three - day fiesta of deal - making and bold renewable energy announcements .
This event could have been given over to a top ten on it ’s own ( look for a separate article on this later ) .
Two major points to emerge from the summit were GE announcing plans for its Ecomagination Centre , an R&D showcase of wind , solar , water purification , and energy efficiency technologies .
It will be built in Masdar City , Abu Dhabi ’s car - free , carbon - neutral metropolis powered completely by renewable energy .
The capital of the United Arab Emirates used the summit to show off the $ 22 billion Masdar project , which is under construction .
Masdar City ’s renewable - energy research center opened last year with support from M.I.T. and continues to establish itself .
It should help the UAE close its R&D and human capital gap with other innovation centers .
Taiwan based Digitimes reported that the Chinese government plans to give 2 billion yuan ( $ 291 million ) to each of the leading solar wafer makers to consolidate small players in the industry .
Wafer makers include LDK solar ( LDK ) and Renesola ( SOL ) ; while PV panel makers include Suntech Power ( STP ) , Yinglin Green ( YGE ) , China Sunergy ( CSUN ) , Trina Solar ( TSL ) , Canadia Solar ( CSIQ ) , JA Solar ( JASO ) etc .
Over the weekend , Sina.com news reported that a 30 % workforce cut is coming to Suntech power .
The report also said CEO Shi predicts very low gross margins for Q4 .
The company is expected to report on Q4 in Feb. 2009 .
Suntech Power Holdings has reached capacity to produce 1 gigawatt of solar panels a year .
However , company CEO
Shi also said an oversupply of panels in the world market would likely lead to a 25 percent to 30 percent drop in Suntech panel prices in 2009 .
A - power ( APWR ) energy generation held a ribbon - cutting ceremony for its largest wind turbine facility in China .
The wind turbine facility , strategically located in the city of Shenyang , is the largest in China , with total annual production capacity of over 1,125MW of wind turbines .
The company is also expected to announce a new CFO in the coming weeks .
Solar and wind industries said last Friday that tax credits passed just three months ago to increase investment in renewable energy have lost much of their effectiveness amid a global economic downturn and should be reworked in Congress .
Evergreen Solar ( ESLR ) closed its Marlboro facility and will incur up to $ 30.4 million in related costs .
Castle & Cooke Inc. of Hawaii has officially finished building Hawaii ’s largest single - site solar farm on Lanai .
The $ 19 million , 1.2 - megawatt La Ola Solar Farm is expected to supply up to 30 percent of Lanai ’s electricity .
image of Masdar Headquarters by Norman Foster Architects
By Charlie Eisenhood
Three days have now passed since the end of my long stay inside the barricaded Kimmel dining hall and I ’ve finally had a chance to sit down and collect my thoughts about the experience .
I have some information to share that I could n’t publish during the occupation ( for various reasons ) and ideas about why the response from the NYU and outside community has been resoundingly negative .
I ’ve had the chance to speak with lots of students , faculty , and administrators today and over the weekend — opinions have been fairly consistent .
Most thought the demands were too scatter shot , even if they agreed with some or all of them Mystery alaska download .
Most thought TBNYU ’s hypocrisy was very damaging , especially surrounding the revised statement of non-violence and abstention from property damage .
Opinions about the proper consequences have been more mixed — something I will touch on after the jump .
( For a really smart list of how TBNYU screwed up , go here )
First , let ’s take a look at some key lines of the original non-violence / no property damage statement .
We do not intend any harm or damage to any living beings or to private property , and strongly criticize any will to do so .
Any individual who wills such violence or destructiveness will be asked to leave the premises , and will not represent the interests of this occupation . …
In our quest to construct an ideal university , we seek a university founded upon mutual respect , democracy and accountability , and we espouse methods consistent with that quest .
OK , let ’s start here .
As you know , the administration refused to allow access to the balcony of Kimmel .
( This was , incidentally , the last bit of meeting that I heard before I was banned ) .
So , TBNYU decided to access it themselves .
How did they do this ?
With the tools they brought to defeat a deadbolt .
Although they attempted to keep it hidden from me , it was quite obvious that they were trying to break the lock to get outside .
But I was warned repeatedly that if I reported anything about what was “ going on over there , ” that I would be expelled from the room .
( How they planned to do that without violating their non-violence pledge is unclear ) .
After they broke through , I went over to take pictures of the tools , broken lock , and the hole in the door where the lock once was .
Somebody did n’t like that , and even though I told them I would n’t publish the photos until later , they had me delete them off of my camera entirely .
I guess they did n’t want it to be known that they were planning on going outside all along .
As they broke out , they dropped the abstention from property damage language from their non-violence statement with this disclaimer :
Though we realize that this choice to revise our original policy may undermine ideological consistency of this action , we feel that reacting to the changing situation of the occupation is more important than adhering to any dogma , even our own .
Lovely rationalization !
I guess that “ strong criticism ” towards property damage was n’t ever very strong .
Then , of course , there were the two instances of new students busting in past guards to join the occupation .
You can watch videos of this here and here .
Once again , I saw intentional organization to get these new students in .
Not only were top organizers on their cell phones calling friends to join them , but at one point , I was moved from my blogging post near one of the grates blocking access to the kitchen so they could try to open it and help students enter .
They did n’t tell me that , of course .
But I said , “ Oh , you ’re gonna try to get some more people in through here ? ”
And one protester told me , “ If you put that on your blog , we ’ll fucking throw you out of here . ”
Wow , thanks .
Really nice of you .
I should mention that , despite the constant threats and many occupiers that openly hated me , there were some very nice people inside .
Some shared their food with me and were conversational and pleasant .
One woman had the maturity to say , “ I just want to tell you that I really appreciate what you ’re doing .
Even though I do n’t agree with everything you ’re writing , you ’re doing a really good job . ”
These nice people tended to be outweighed by open disdain from the leaders of the group .
Oh , and the leaders .
There were definitely leaders .
TBNYU can say what they want about a “ non-hierarchical ” organization , but there were clear planners and organizers .
This is one of the big reasons their occupation failed both in terms of public support and university response to their demands .
When the occupying group gathered to discuss some upcoming decision , one person was always a “ facilitator . ”
This person set the agenda and then selected people to speak and give their ideas about the decision .
They would arbitrarily decide when that process was over and then hold a vote .
Those in favor of the plan gave a thumbs up , those unsure a thumbs sideways , and those opposed a thumbs down .
Unanimous thumbs up was required to approve a plan .
Here ’s where it got tricky : the facilitator was almost always one of the leaders .
They were then able to set the agenda and steer the conversation towards their ideal plan .
It just so happened that the leaders of the occupation were also the more radical and driven members of the group .
The required unanimous vote , performed openly , increased pressure on the members to fall into line with the leaders and give approval .
Peer pressure , I think , radicalized the group .
Other times , the negotiators ( also comprised of top organizers ) made decisions without the approval of the group .
At one point , some student Senators met with the TBNYU negotiating team .
When the negotiators returned , I asked them how the meeting went .
I was told , “ Predictable . ”
I overheard one of the negotiators later telling the group , “ We have nothing to report from the meeting with the Senators . ”
Over the weekend , I spoke to one of the Senators involved in the meeting .
He told me that the administration ( meaning Linda Mills , the senior Vice Provost , and Lynne Brown , senior Vice President of University Relations ) was not willing to meet directly with the protesters as long as they occupied Kimmel , but that they would meet with Senators who could act as a go - between .
I guess this was “ predictable ” and “ nothing ” to the TBNYU negotiating team — but who knows why they would n’t give that a shot ?
But now let ’s get real .
Pun intended .
Despite the affectation of seriousness , the whole occupation ultimately felt like a joke .
From wild exaggerations about crowd size to topless girls to chants like “ This is what democracy looks like ! ” ( except , no , not at all ) to veganism to keffiyehs , it was a weird , funny , occasionally exciting event , but not a serious protest .
The most exhilarated I saw the protesters was when there was a crowd outside at 1 AM on Friday morning : they craved support , intrigue , chanting , and slogans ; the demands felt like an after thought .
They wanted glory , to “ be remembered . ”
And in that quest they did n’t even stop to think about violating their own guiding principles in order to chant and cheer from the balcony .
Did n’t it just feel like a silly stunt ?
Also , if you watch the final moments video taken by Alex Lotorto , who I interviewed here , you ’ll see more crazy stuff , including a guy screaming “ fucking snakes ! ” at the administrators and an inventory of personal items that Lotorto fears might be confiscated .
It ’s like a caricature of a protest .
In terms of appropriate response and punishment , I guess I ’m not very sympathetic .
It was made clear that 1 AM Friday morning was the cutoff time and that any students remaining after that time were liable to be expelled and arrested .
Many protesters left at around 12:45 , fearing punishment .
After 1 and the scuffle on the streets ( which was comprised of minor incidents and not a riot — I hyperbolized that night .
The police did use pepper spray , however , and some belligerent protesters were beaten ) , the administration offered the safe harbor agreement again .
The students , if they chose to leave peacefully , would have been basically granted amnesty , with punishment only arising if there was future misconduct .
Their negotiators would have also been able to sit down with administrators to discuss the demands .
In another secret meeting , though , the remaining 18 protesters agreed to forego the safe harbor offer and instead to remain until morning .
It was made clear that they would face consequences and that they would not receive this offer again .
Now they are facing consequences .
Considering the property damage , the guard sent to the hospital after an influx of new occupiers , the police presence and pepper spraying , and the negative media coverage , I do n’t think anyone should be surprised that they are being suspended .
And here lies the biggest fail : TBNYU managed to make NYU ’s administration and students the victims .
When I left in the wee Friday morning hours , I asked the guards to contact Bob Butler .
After a short wait , another administrator met me and escorted me out of Kimmel through a side entrance .
I am not being punished .
*
Let ’s go back to the final sentence of TBNYU ’s non-violence statement : “ In our quest to construct an ideal university , we seek a university founded upon mutual respect , democracy and accountability , and we espouse methods consistent with that quest . ”
You wanted mutual respect ( equal treatment ) , democracy ( judicial hearings ) , and accountability ( responsibility for your actions ) .
You ’re getting it .
*
Questions for me ?
Drop them in the comments .
I ’ll do my best to respond to as many as I can .
But this will be my final official post on the occupation .
I return to the national beat tomorrow .
Thanks again for your support .
I ’d like to note that in my video of TBNYUers panicking , it may have seemed ( as it did to me then ) that some of the protesters were fleeing out of the occupied area .
It seems that they were just jumpy about police ; most ultimately remained in the building and were suspended on Friday .
Glenn Beck scares
Fox host into hiding under table David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday February 20 , 2009
Print This Email This Fox News hosts are known for viewing the world around them with alarm -- but Glenn Beck goes far beyond most of his peers at Fox in his belief that the future looks " really bad . "
In a visit Friday with the hosts of Fox & Friends , Beck even managed to terrify Gretchen Carlson beyond the degree to which she is normally capable of terrifying herself .
" What we are possibly looking at is something far worse than the Depression , " Beck began .
" We are in much greater debt as individuals .
We do n't know how to grow our own food . "
" We 're also looking at civil unrest all around the world , " he continued .
" You need to prepare .
This is something that could be ... really dangerous .
...
My hands , now , for the first time in my life , are shaking .
...
We 're running out of exit ramps here . "
Beck 's greatest fear -- which he suggests is shared by his friends in the military and the FBI -- is clearly not the prospect of widespread poverty , hunger , or homelessness .
Rather , it appears to be thenotion that worldwide civil unrest could precipitate a civil war between what he calls the " bubbas " and the United States government .
Laying out a convoluted scenario , Beck suggested that the military is preparing for a situation where " something happens down on the border .
You 've got the rancher who is protecting his land , people are starting to come over ... there 's a shot fired , it ignites things .
ATF , FBI come in and arrest that rancher .
How many people are going to say , ' Wait a minute .
...
You people knew this was going on and you did nothing to protect us . ' "
At that point , Gretchen Carlson slid down and hid under the coffee table , saying , " Tell me when the world 's okay to come back out . "
" I really hope you 're wrong , " Steve Doocy added .
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast Feb. 20 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
" How often over the last 10 years have you heard that Americans do n't save enough ?
That we 're going to starve investment and growth because all we do is consume ?
Now the same people who 've been saying that all this time are saying that we face a permanent recession because consumers will save .
Huh ?
How can the economy be doomed when consumers do n't save , and also when they do save ? "
Don Luskin , who as late as in September argued that there were no recession , n ow argues that the recession wo n't last forever .
I actually agree with him in the sense that sooner or later , there will be some form of economic upswing .
It might in fact ( though that is far from certain ) come as soon as this year as Obama and Bernanke implements extreme increases in the budget deficit and money supply , though any such recovery if it comes will not be sustainable as it would rest on an unsustainable level of money supply growth and budget deficit .
This is similar to how Japan had short - lived upswings at least in official statistics in the 1990s whenever the level of " stimulus " was dramatically increased , only to soon experience another slump in what became a period of seemingly permanent stagnation .
Anyway though , what is most interesting is this section when he claims that bears are inconsistent :
Apparently Luskin can't see the difference between the cause of problems and the actual problems , or in this case the boom phase and the bust phase .
This is a quite obvious distinction , which can be illustrated with many real life examples .
Suppose for example that a soldier in a battle were warned not waste all of his ammo by shooting recklessly because that would result in him running out of ammo .
By Luskin's " logic " that should be rejected that by saying " huh , how could shooting needlessly and not being able to shoot both doom you ? " .
Or suppose that someone were warned not to stay up too late because then he would oversleep in the morning when he is supposed to go to work .
By Luskin 's logic that should be rejected by saying that " Huh ?
How could both not sleeping and sleeping be a problem ?
The first phenomenon in all these cases were n't directly problematic in itself , but they were still problematic because they would lead to these later problems .
Cause of problems , and the actual problems , respectively .
That should n't be too difficult to understand .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Job losses and plans to lay off workers hammered the struggling U.S. economy in the final month of 2008 , according to private reports that could foreshadow surprisingly grim labor market data from the government on Friday .
U.S. private employers shed 693,000 jobs in December , up sharply from the revised 476,000 jobs lost in November and far more than economists estimated , a report by ADP Employer Services said on Wednesday .
The data comes two days ahead of the government ’s more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report , which unlike the ADP numbers includes public sector jobs as well .
Analysts said there was reason to expect a worse outcome in non-farm payrolls than their original projection of 500,000 jobs lost for the economy in December , which was the median of economists ’ forecasts in an earlier Reuters poll .
“ This is shockingly awful , ” said Ian Shepherdson , chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla , New York .
“ If the recent relationship between the ADP numbers -- after their recent revisions -- and the official payroll data holds , then we should expect a number of about minus - 700,000 on Friday , the biggest drop in 59 years . ”
Most analysts noted Wednesday ’s ADP report was the first released under a new methodology , warning of uncertainty over its forecasting power .
Still , the new system was designed to more closely mirror the government ’s monthly payrolls results .
Separate data showed planned layoffs at U.S. firms eased in December from the previous month ’s seven - year high but were up an astounding 275 percent annually as the year - old recession cut a huge swathe of destruction through job market .
The economic slump , which is likely to be the longest since the Great Depression of the 1930s , also produced the worst year of layoffs since 2003 , outplacement company Challenger , Gray & Christmas added in its monthly report on U.S. job cuts .
The grim data helped push U.S. stocks lower .
Government bond prices , which generally benefit from signs of economic weakness , pared their losses in the immediate wake of the ADP release but later went back on the slide .
Underlining the bleak outlook , the Congressional Budget Office said in new forecasts released on Wednesday that it expected the U.S. economy to contract 2.2 percent in 2009 before recovering in 2010 to grow 1.5 percent .
MORE PESSIMISTIC NOW
The ADP December job losses were the biggest since the survey ’s launch in 2001 .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ Expectations for Friday ’s nonfarm payroll release will be more pessimistic than they were before this morning ’s data round , ” said Christopher Low , chief economist at FTN Financial in New York .
“ For now , the consensus is minus - 500,000 , but we have to assume people are thinking minus - 600,000 or more is possible . ”
Indeed , Scott Anderson , senior economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Minneapolis , said he raised his forecast to “ at least 600,000 ” December job losses from an earlier projection of 500,000 .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Anderson also raised his forecast for the unemployment rate to 7.1 percent from 7.0 percent before .
The median forecast for unemployment in the Reuters poll was a rise to 7.0 percent from November ’s 6.7 percent .
Analysts at RDQ Economics also said they raised their expectations to 600,000 job losses from their earlier projection of 500,000 .
Shepherdson , at High Frequency Economics , said even the best case scenario implied a payrolls drop of 568,000 .
Joel Prakken , chairman of Macroeconomic Advisers , which jointly developed the ADP report , said the ADP data was consistent with a loss of about 670,000 jobs in the payrolls report , assuming some 20,000 government jobs would be added .
Worse yet , he said he still expected a little more than 2 million U.S. job losses over the next year .
He added that the U.S. economy probably contracted at a 5.5 percent annualized rate in the fourth quarter and would shrink 3.5 percent in the first quarter of this year .
“ After that economic growth is going to depend on the size and timing of the fiscal package that is being discussed in Washington right now , ” Prakken said .
The Challenger report said heavy job - cutting could continue through at least the first half of 2009 .
Job cuts announced in December totaled 166,348 , down 8.4 percent from November ’s 181,671 , Challenger , Gray & Christmas said .
Despite the monthly decline , layoffs were up from just 44,416 in the year - ago period .
I wanted to take a moment to describe an encounter with Christianity I experienced in my driveway yesterday .
I was about to let this one pass because it was too personal .
Upon reflection , I think the story is perfect for my blog .
Let me know what you think .
Near sundown last night , my son and I were in the driveway of my house looking for a misplaced iPod .
I noticed the neighborhood drunk standing across the street looking at me .
He looked a little off .
I though he might be drunk again , so I paid him no attention .
My son had our dog on a leash when the barking started .
My dog is yippy .
He barks at the wind .
This time he was barking like the world was coming to and end .
I look up from searching in my truck for the iPod to see my neighbor standing in the street near my driveway .
He was gesturing to me .
The last time he did this he need a ride and some cash to buy his nightly 40 oz bottle of beer .
I figured he needed the same thing again .
I walked over and greeted him .
He was not drunk , he was crying .
I asked him what was wrong .
He reached for my hand and shook it as if his life depended on it .
He did not let go .
His left arm came up to grab my shoulder .
He said , “ My dad died , I do n’t know what to do . ” .
I offered my condolences and inquired about when the death had happened .
He told me it had happened on Valentines Day .
He said his mother had died a few months before , and now that his dad had died , he did not now what to do .
I asked him how I could help .
He said , “ Could you pray with me ? ”
I did not even hesitate .
I simply said , “ No , I am not a Christian ” .
He looked up at me in surprise .
He asked , “ How about a hug then ? ”
I wrapped my arms around him and held him for several minutes while he sobbed .
My son looked on is shock .
I nodded to him that it was ok .
When the hug ended , I told the man that I was willing to help in any way I could .
Including sharing a bottle of Jack .
He smiled and told me I was a good man .
The truth is , I love the man .
I love him just like I love everybody .
I do n’t have prayers in me , but a hug is a good atheist substitute .
My son understood .
I think it was a good lesson for him .
The person who sold the plans for building Maddi - Griffin rifles and pistols was raided and convicted by the Feds .
But , the plans ( and guns built from them ) are still floating around out there .
You 're not liking to find who has one of these pistols ( leading some to falsely assume they never existed ) .
Believe that if you like .
Those having them would prefer you do .
For when an S&W 500 is just not enough .
Comparing the .50 BMG to the .500 S&W
The two rounds do n't really compare .
The .50 BMG is a large individual firearm round , exceeded only by the old 20 mm anti-tank guns from WWI .
The .50 S&W is a handgun round ( albiet the largest with handguns and ammo offered by major manufacturers ) .
The two rounds compare only in the nominal diameter of their bullets .
( Actually , the .50 BMG uses a .510 bullet , while the .50 S&W is a true .50 caliber . )
The .50 BMG with a 750 gr bullet can be loaded to leave the muzzle ( of a rifle with a long barrel ) at 2900 fps , giving it a muzzle energy of 13,000 ft-lbs .
It still has 7404 ft-lbs at 1000 yds , 3321 at 2000 yds , and 2085 at 2500 yds .
( Obviously , the short barrel of the M - G pistol shown above would severely compromise muzzle velocity , but it would still be substantial . )
The .50 S&W with a 400 gr bullet has a muzzle energy of 1675 fps and a muzzle energy of 2500 ft-lbs .
( less than the .50 BMG has at 2000 yds ) .
Most shooters will probably prefer the lighter 275 gr bullet , with a muzzle velocity of 1665 fps and a muzzle energy of 1688 ft-lbs .
( less than what the .50 BMG provides at 2500 yds ) .
There 's no comparison in terms of range .
A .50 BMG can be fired well past a mile with enough energy left to do some damage .
A .50 S&W should be fired within 150 yards of the target .
Wise .50 BMG shooters use a heavy rifle with at least an 18 " barrel ( 30 - 36 " is better ) with a brake , firing from a bench rest or prone position .
Firing a .50 BMG handgun with two hands borders on being foolhardy .
A .50 S&W revolver with a compensator can be fired standing with a firm one - hand grip ( though two hands are recommended ) .
More on the Maadi - Griffen firearm kits and the man who built them
Bob Stewart ( of Mesa , AZ ) , a devout Mormon , named his .50 cal .
kits ( a low - cost package of parts which one could assemble with some machining to build a .50 cal .
firearm -- more typically a rifle -- without a serial number ) ‘ Maadi - Griffin , ’ in reference to the powerful mythical creature of ancient Egypt often used to symbolize Christ ’s ascension .
Cynics have referred to the Maadi - Griffin ( mostly in rifle form ) as the " Jesus Cannon . "
The long saga of Stewart 's run-in with the authorities ( which came to a head with a raid on his home shop in 1999 ) is beyond the scope of this post .
A.C.E will probably post on it eventually , after doing more thorough research .
Here 's the latest news A.C.E has seen , as of this posting .
The unregistered firearms made from his kits are still out there , and the authorities do n't know the whereabouts of many of them .
The authorities are not as worried about the " militias " ( who have most of the assembled M - G kits ) as they are the " lone wolves " like Timothy McVeigh who interpret the message and mission of the militias incorrectly and commit terrorist acts which kill innocents .
Firing Tips
Ladies , please grip firmly when firing , to avoid breaking your nails .
See a spoof video of a Nuke .50 BMG .
A few days ago , we concluded ( yes , we did ! ) that it was cool to run Windows 3.1 on your Nokia N95 using Qemu .
Of course , the Apple world could n’t stay behind , and now we have one of Apple ’s obsolete operating systems running on the iPhone : System 7 , also using Qemu .
If you long for the days of a grayscale Mac OS , without memory protection or any of those other pesky modern shebang thingies that only bloat the operating system ( who needs memory protection anyway ) , you can now relive the glorious days of System 7 on your iPhone .
Well , as soon as the code is out , anyway .
All the credit obviously goes to the guys over at the MacOS iPhone Project .
They plan on releasing the code soon enough , but they want something relatively complete and working first .
We can add this to the list of cool but totally pointless things you can do with a mobile phone .
Next on my list ?
CDE on my Nokia E71 .
Tags
[ This article is excerpted from the book Forty Centuries of Wage and Price Controls : How Not to Fight Inflation . ]
From the earliest times , from the very inception of organized government , rulers and their officials have attempted , with varying degrees of success , to " control " their economies .
The notion that there is a " just " or " fair " price for a certain commodity , a price which can and ought to be enforced by government , is apparently coterminous with civilization .
For the past forty - six centuries ( at least ) governments all over the world have tried to fix wages and prices from time to time .
When their efforts failed , as they usually did , governments then put the blame on the wickedness and dishonesty of their subjects , rather than upon the ineffectiveness of the official policy .
The same tendencies remain today .
The passion for economic planning , as Professor John Jewkes has cogently pointed out , [ 1 ] is perennial .
Centralized planning regularly appears in every generation , and is just as readily discarded after several years of fruitless experimentation , only to rise again on a subsequent occasion .
Grandiose plans for regulating investment , wages , prices , and production are usually unveiled with great fanfare and high hopes .
As reality forces its way in , however , the plans are modified in the initial stages , then modified a little more , then drastically altered , then finally allowed to vanish quietly and unmourned .
Human nature being what it is , every other decade or so the same old plans are dusted off , perhaps given a new name , and the process is begun anew .
In the Land of the Nile
" Egyptian workers during this period suffered badly from the abuses of the state intervention of the economy … "
In the ancient world , of course , authority over the most important economic commodity , foodstuffs , was power indeed .
" The man , or class of men , who controls the supply of essential foods is in possession of the supreme power .
The safeguarding of the food supply has therefore been the concern of governments since they have been in existence , " wrote Mary Lacy in 1922 .
[ 2 ]
And as far back as the fifth dynasty in Egypt , generally dated about 2830 BC or earlier , the nomarch Henku had inscribed on his tomb , " I was lord and overseer of southern grain in this nome . "
For centuries the Egyptian government strived to maintain control of the grain crop , knowing that control of food is control of lives .
Using the pretext of preventing famine , the government gradually regulated more and more of the granaries ; regulation led to direction and finally to outright ownership ; land became the property of the monarch and was rented from him by the agricultural class . [ 3 ]
Under the Lagid dynasty ( founded by Ptolemy I Soter in 306 BC ) " there was a real omnipresence of the state … .
The state … intervened by employing widely all its public law prerogatives … all prices were fixed by fiat at all levels . " [ 4 ]
According to the French historian , Jean - Philippe Levy ,
Control took on frightening proportions .
There was a whole army of inspectors .
There was nothing but inventories , censuses of men and animals … estimations of harvests to come … .
In villages , when farmers who were disgusted with all these vexations ran away , those who remained were responsible for absentees ' production … [ one of the first effects of harsh price controls on farm goods is the abandonment of farms and the consequent fall in the supplies of food ] .
The pressure [ the inspectors ] applied extended , in case of need , to cruelty and torture . [ 5 ]
Egyptian workers during this period suffered badly from the abuses of the state intervention of the economy , especially from the " bronze law , " an economic theory which maintained that wages could never go above the bare necessities for keeping workers alive . [ 6 ]
The controls on wages set by the government reflected the prevailing economic doctrine .
" After a period of brilliance , " Levy concludes ,
Egyptian economy collapsed at the end of the third century BC , as did her political stability .
The financial crisis was a permanency .
Money was devalued .
Alexandria 's commerce declined .
Workers , disgusted by the conditions imposed on them , left their lands and disappeared into the country . [ 7 ]
Sumeria
In his very instructive work , Must History Repeat Itself ? Antony Fisher [ 8 ] calls our attention to a king of Sumeria , [ 9 ] Urukagina of Lagash , whose reign began about 2350 BC .
Urukagina , from the scanty records that have come down to us , was apparently a precursor of Ludwig Erhard , who began his rule by ending the burdens of excessive government regulations over the economy , including controls on wages and prices .
A historian of this period tells us that from Urukagina
we have one of the most precious and revealing documents in the history of man and his perennial and unrelenting struggle for freedom from tyranny and oppression .
This document records a sweeping reform of a whole series of prevalent abuses , most of which could be traced to a ubiquitous and obnoxious bureaucracy … it is in this document that we find the word " freedom " used for the first time in man 's recorded history ; the word is amargi , which … means literally " return to the mother " … we still do not know why this figure of speech came to be used for " freedom . " [ 10 ]
Babylon
In Babylon , some forty centuries ago , the Code of Hammurabi , the first of the great written law codes , imposed a rigid system of controls over wages and prices .
Remembering the somewhat limited nature of the ancient economies ( particularly those as ancient as the Babylonian ) , it is interesting to note the extent of wage controls imposed by the Hammurabi Code and the explicit way in which they are recorded .
A few of the Articles of the Code ( the complete statutes on wages and prices will be found in Appendix A ) will suffice to illustrate this : [ 11 ]
If a man hire a field - laborer , he shall give him eight gur of corn per annum .
If a man hire a herdsman , he shall give him six gur of corn per annum .
If a man hire a pasturer for cattle and sheep , he shall give him eight gur of corn per annum .
If a man has hired an ox for threshing , twenty qa of corn is its hire .
If an ass has been hired for threshing , ten qa of corn is its hire .
If a young animal has been hired for threshing , one qa of corn is its hire .
If a man hire cattle , wagon , and driver , he shall give 180 qa of corn per diem .
If a man has hired a wagon by itself , he shall give forty qa of corn per diem .
If a man hire a workman , then from the beginning of the year until the fifth month he shall give six grains of silver per diem .
From the sixth month until the end of the year he shall give five grains of silver per diem .
If a man hire a son of the people , Pay of a potter five grains of silver , Pay of a tailor five grains of silver , Pay of a carpenter four grains of silver , Pay of a rope maker four grains of silver , he shall give per diem .
If a man hire a [ illegible ] , her hire is three grains of silver per diem .
If a man hire a makhirtu , he shall give two and a half grains of silver per diem for her hire .
If a man hire a sixty - ton boat , he shall give a sixth part of a shekel of silver per diem for her hire . [ 12 ]
It is arguable that these controls blanketed Babylonian production and distribution , and smothered economic progress in the empire , possibly for many centuries . [ 13 ]
Certainly the historical records show a decline in trade in the reign of Hammurabi and his successors .
This was partly due to wage and price controls and partly due to the influence of a strong central government , which intervened in most economic affairs in general .
W.F. Leemans describes the recession as follows :
Prominent and wealthy tamkaru ( merchants ) were no longer found in Hammurabi 's reign .
Moreover , only a few tamkaru are known from Hammurabi's time and afterwards … all … evidently minor tradesmen and money - lenders . [ 14 ]
In other words , it appears that the very people who were supposed to benefit from the Hammurabi wage and price restrictions were driven out of the market by those and other statutes .
The trade restrictions laid down by " Hammurabi , the protecting king … the monarch who towers above the kings of the cities … " as he called himself , were , to some extent , built upon the foundations of the social system developed under his predecessor , Rim - Sin .
There was a remarkable change in the fortunes of the people of Nippur and Isin and the other ancient towns that he ruled , which came in the middle of Rim - Sin 's reign .
The beginning of the economic decline corresponds exactly with a series of " reforms " inaugurated by him .
It appears that the noble monarch , after a series of impressive military victories , succeeded in having himself worshipped as a god , and henceforth took more political and economic power for his own administration and broke the influence of wealthy and influential traders .
Thence , the number of timkaru and wealthy men mentioned in the extant documents declines markedly .
The number of property transactions for which records exist also diminishes .
The number of administrative documents , which today we would call bureaucratic paperwork , simultaneously increases at a precipitous rate . [ 15 ]
The Other Side Of The World
On the other side of the world , the rulers of ancient China shared the same paternalistic philosophy that was found among the Egyptians and Babylonians and would later be shared by the Greeks and Romans .
In his study , The Economic Principles of Confucius and His School , the Chinese scholar , Dr. Huan - chang Chen , states that the economic doctrines of Confucius held that " government interference is necessary for economic life and competition should be reduced to a minimum . " [ 16 ]
The Official System of Chou , for instance , was a handbook of government regulations for the use of mandarins of the Chou dynasty under which Confucius ( born 552 BC ) lived .
According to Dr. Chen , there was detailed regulation of commercial life and prices were " controlled by the government . "
There was a large bureaucracy entrusted with this task ; Dr. Chen relates that there was a master of merchants for every twenty shops and his duty was to establish the price of each item sold according to the cost .
" When there is any natural calamity , " he writes , " the merchants are not allowed to raise their price ; for example , during a famine grain should be sold at the natural price [ that is , at the price believed to be " natural " by the government ] and during a great epidemic coffins should be sold in the same way . " [ 17 ]
" Chinese economists of eight centuries ago were fully aware then of a law of economics that many political leaders have not learned to this day . "
The officials of the ancient Chinese empire expected to do what members of their class have perennially attempted before and since : replace the natural laws of supply and demand with their own judgment , allegedly superior , of what the proper supply and demand ought to be .
According to the official system of Chou ( about 1122 BC ) , a superintendent of grain was appointed whose job was to survey the fields and determine the amount of grain to be collected or issued , in accordance with the condition of the crop , fulfilling the deficit of the demand and adjusting the supply .
Indeed , lengthy economic " textbooks " on the subject of sensible grain management still exist from that time .
Dr. Chen comments laconically on this system in a footnote : " In modern times this policy has been changed to the opposite .
During a famine , the price of grain is raised to induce merchants to bring in more grain . " [ 18 ]
The regulations cited above , according to Dr. Chen , " were the actual rules under the Chou dynasty .
In fact , in the classical time , the government did interfere with the commercial life very minutely . " [ 19 ]
However , the results were not very favorable .
" According to history , " Dr. Chen notes , " whenever the government adopted any minute measure , it failed , with few exceptions … since the Ch'in dynasty ( 221–206 BC ) , the government of modern China has not controlled the economic life of the people as did the government of ancient China . " [ 20 ]
Apparently , the Chinese mandarins did learn from experience .
Even in the classical period of Chinese history , however , there were a number of perceptive economists who saw the futility of government regulation of prices as a means of controlling inflation .
In fact , they placed the blame for high prices squarely on the shoulders of the government itself .
The economist Yeh Shih ( AD 1150 – 1223 ) , for instance , anticipated by several centuries the principle known as Gresham 's law in the West .
" The men who do not inquire into the fundamental cause , " he wrote , " simply think that paper should be used when money is scarce .
But as soon as paper is employed , money becomes still less .
Therefore , it is not only that the sufficiency of goods cannot be seen , but also that the sufficiency of money cannot be seen . " [ 21 ]
Another economist of about the same time , Yuan Hsieh ( AD 1223 ) , saw the principle even more clearly :
Now , the officials are anxious to increase wealth , and want to put both iron money and copper money in circulation .
If money were suddenly made abundant during a period of scarcity , it should be very good .
But the fact never can be so .
Formerly , because the paper money was too much , the copper money became less .
If we now add the iron money to it , should not the copper money but become still less ?
Formerly , because the paper money was too much , the price of commodities was dear .
If we now add the iron money to the market , would the price not become still dearer ? …
When we look over the different provinces , the general facts are these .
Where paper and money are both employed , paper is super - abundant , but money is always insufficient .
Where the copper money is the only currency without any other money , money is usually abundant .
Therefore , we know that the paper can only injure the copper money , but not help its insufficiency . [ 22 ]
Looking back at what we know to be the ineffectual history of government attempts to control inflation by regulating prices and wages , it is clear that these two Chinese economists of eight centuries ago were fully aware then of a law of economics that many political leaders have not learned to this day .
Ancient India
A renowned Indian political philosopher known as Kautilya and sometimes as Vishnugupta was an influential kingmaker who put the great Maurya Chandragupta on the throne in 321 BC
He wrote the Arthasastra , the most famous of the ancient Indian " handbooks for princes " as a guide to Chandragupta and other rulers ; this collection of essays on the art of statesmanship contains much wise and perceptive advice . [ 23 ]
However , like most government officials of his time and since , Kautilya could not forbear the practice of trying to regulate the economy on the lines he thought best .
In a chapter entitled " Protection Against Merchants , " Kautilya outlined in some detail how the grain trade should be regulated and the levels of prices that merchants should be allowed to charge :
[ A] uthorized persons alone … shall collect grains and other merchandise .
Collections of such things without permission shall be confiscated by the superintendent of commerce .
Hence shall merchants be favorably disposed towards the people in selling grains and other commodities .
The superintendent of commerce shall fix a profit of five percent over and above the fixed price of local commodities , and ten per cent on foreign produce .
Merchants who enhance the price or realize profit even to the extent of half a pana more than the above in the sale or purchase of commodities shall be punished with a fine of from five panas in case of realizing 100 panas up to 200 panas .
Fines for greater enhancement shall be proportionally increased . [ 24 ]
In a chapter entitled " Protection Against Artisans , " Kautilya explains the " just " wages for a number of occupations , ranging from musicians to scavengers and concludes by saying , " Wages for the works of other kinds of artisans shall be similarly determined . " [ 25 ]
Kautilya also recommends the appointment of government superintendents for a wide variety of economic activities , such as slaughterhouses , liquor supplies , agriculture and even ladies of the evening .
For instance , there is a provision that states that " [t ] he superintendent shall determine the earnings … expenditure , and future earnings of every prostitute . "
There is a footnote for guidance which states very clearly that " [ b] eauty and accomplishments must be the sole consideration in the selection of a prostitute . " [ 26 ]
It is not known exactly how these price and wage regulations worked out in practice , but it would not be unreasonable to suppose that the end results were similar to what happened in Egypt , Babylon , Sumeria , China , Greece and other civilizations .
Ancient Greece
" Despite the penalty of death , which the harassed government did not hesitate to inflict , the laws controlling the grain trade were almost impossible to enforce . "
Moving across another continent , we find that the Greeks behaved in just the same way .
Xenophon tells us that in Athens , a knowledge of the grain business was considered one of the qualities of a statesman . [ 27 ]
As a populous city - state with a small hinterland , Athens was constantly short of grain , at least half of which had to be imported from overseas .
There was , needless to say , a natural tendency for the price of grain to rise when it was in short supply and to fall when there was an abundance .
An army of grain inspectors , who were called Sitophylakes , was appointed for the purpose of setting the price of grain at a level the Athenian government thought to be just .
It was a Golden Age consumer - protection agency ( of unusually large size for the period ) whose duties were defined by Aristotle as
to see to it first that the grain was sold in the market at a just price , that the millers sold meal in proportion to the price of barley , that the bakers sold bread in proportion to the price of wheat , that the bread had the weight they had fixed . [ 28 ]
The professor of ancient history at the University of Cambridge , M.I. Finley , comments in his recent study , The Ancient Economy , that
[ j]ust price was a medieval concept , not an ancient one , and this interference by the state , altogether exceptional in its permanence , is a sufficient measure of the urgency of the food problem .
And when this and all the other legislative measures I have mentioned on other occasions failed , the state , as a last recourse , appointed officials called sitonai , corn- buyers , who sought supplies wherever they could find them , raised public subscriptions for the necessary funds , introduced price reductions and rationing . [ 29 ]
The result was as might be expected : failure .
Despite the penalty of death , which the harassed government did not hesitate to inflict , the laws controlling the grain trade were almost impossible to enforce .
We have a surviving oration from at least one of the frustrated Athenian politicians who implored a jury to put the offending merchants to death :
But it is necessary , gentlemen of the Jury , to chastise them not only for the sake of the past , but also as an example for the future ; for as things now are , they will hardly be endurable in the future .
And consider that in consequence of this vocation , very many have already stood trial for their lives ; and so great are the emoluments which they are able to derive from it that they prefer to risk their life every day , rather than cease to draw from you , the public , their improper profits … .
If then , you shall condemn them , you shall act justly and you will buy grain cheaper ; otherwise , the price will be much more . [ 30 ]
But Lysias was not the first and he was hardly the last politician to court popularity by promising the people lower prices in times of scarcity if only they would put an occasional merchant to the sword .
The Athenian government , in fact , went so far as to execute its own inspectors when their price - enforcing zeal flagged .
Despite the high mortality rates for merchants and bureaucrats alike , the price of grain continued to rise when supplies were short and continued to fall when supply was plentiful .
Regulatory agencies have had the same problems from time immemorial .
T.F. Carney , in his informative book The Economics of Antiquity , has described the rise and the economic effect of ancient regulatory agencies in the following terms :
If a government and its key bureaucratic institutions can create a favourable environment for business , by the same token they can also do the reverse .
Historically , economic development has been associated with public instrumentalities ….
Bureaucrats [ in the ancient world ] were officials , with a punishment orientation towards their subject populations … .
The government bureaucracy was regulative and extractive , not developmental .
Originating in a scribal culture , it always tended to favour a mandarinate of literary generalists .
There were no forces to countervail against it .
Neither corporations , legislatures , nor political parties were yet in existence .
In most cases , most of any society 's tiny elite went into the apparatus of government .
This government served an autocrat whose word was law .
So there could be no constitutional safeguards for businessmen or against that apparatus … . [ 31 ]
And there is another way in which such ancient regulatory efforts show great parallels with contemporary ones .
The sitonai were originally intended to be temporary , but as shortages arose from time to time ( in no way abated by their work ) there was a growing desire to keep them as permanent officials .
If all else failed , Athenian colonial policy made it convenient enough to get rid of surplus citizens whom the regulated economy could not sustain .
Some cynics might ask why some present - day economists have not thought of this solution to the commodity scarcities which inevitably follow upon price controls . [ 32 ]
Robert L. Scheuttinger and Eamonn Butler began working on Forty Centuries of Wage and Price Controls in 1974 , just after the termination of President Nixon 's controls in the United States .
They examined over one hundred cases of wage and price controls in thirty different nations from 2000 BC to AD 1978 .
By special arrangement with the authors , the Mises Institute is thrilled to bring back this popular guide to ridiculous economic policy from the ancient world to modern times .
Comment on the blog .
HDMI versus Component Video
-- Which is Better ?
As HDMI cable connections become more and more widely used , we are often asked : which is better , HDMI or component video ?
The answer , as it happens , is not cut - and - dried .
First , one note : everything said here is as applicable to DVI as to HDMI ; DVI appears on fewer and fewer consumer electronic devices all the time , so is n't as often asked about , but DVI and HDMI are essentially the same as one another , image - quality - wise .
The principal differences are that HDMI carries audio as well as video , and uses a different type of connector , but both use the same encoding scheme , and that 's why a DVI source can be connected to an HDMI monitor , or vice versa , with a DVI / HDMI cable , with no intervening converter box .
The upshot of this article -- in case you 're not inclined to read all the details -- is that it 's very hard to predict whether an HDMI connection will produce a better or worse image than an analog component video connection .
There will often be significant differences between the digital and the analog signals , but those differences are not inherent in the connection type and instead depend upon the characteristics of the source device ( e.g. , your DVD player ) and the display device ( e.g. , your TV set ) .
Why that is , however , requires a bit more discussion .
What are HDMI and Component Video ?
HDMI and Component Video both are video standards which support a variety of resolutions , but which deliver the signal from the source to the display in very different ways .
The principal important difference is that an HDMI cable delivers the signal in a digital format , much the same way that a file is delivered from one computer to another along a network , while Component Video is an analog format , delivering the signal not as a bitstream , but as a set of continuously varying voltages representing ( albeit indirectly , as we 'll get to in a moment ) the red , green and blue components of the signal .
Both HDMI cable and Component Video cable deliver signals as three discrete color components , together with sync information which allows the display to determine when a new line , or a new frame , begins .
The HDMI cable delivers these along three data channels in a format called T.M.D.S. , which stands for " Transition Minimized Differential Signaling . "
Big words aside , the T.M.D.S. format basically involves a blue channel to which horizontal and vertical sync are added , and separate green and red channels ( though HDMI can also be configured to use " color - difference " colorspace -- see below ) .
Component Video is delivered , similarly , with the color information split up three ways .
However , component video uses a " color - difference " type signal , which consists of Luminance ( the " Y " , or " green , " channel , representing the total brightness of the image ) , Red Minus Luminance ( the " Pr , " or " Red , " channel ) , and Blue Minus Luminance ( the " Pb , " or " Blue , " channel ) .
The sync pulses for both horizontal and vertical are delivered on the Y channel .
The display calculates the values of red , green and blue from the Y , Pb , and Pr signals .
Both signal types , then , are fundamentally quite similar ; they break up the image in similar ways , and deliver the same type of information to the display , albeit in different forms .
How they differ , as we 'll see , will depend to a great extent upon the particular characteristics of the source and display devices , and can depend upon cabling as well .
Is n't Digital Just Better ?
It is often supposed by writers on this subject that " digital is better . "
Digital signal transfer , it is assumed , is error - free , while analog signals are always subject to some amount of degradation and information loss .
There is an element of truth to this argument , but it tends to fly in the face of real - world considerations .
First , there is no reason why any perceptible degradation of an analog component video signal should occur even over fairly substantial distances ; the maximum runs in home theater installations do not present a challenge for analog cabling built to professional standards , and we have had customers run analog component video for more than 200 feet without trouble , without even the need for a booster .
Second , it is a flawed assumption to suppose that digital signal handling is always error - free .
HDMI signals are n't subject to error correction ; once information is lost , it 's lost for good .
That is not normally a consideration with well - made HDMI cable over short distances , but can easily become a factor at distance .
So What Does Determine Image Quality ?
Video does n't just translate directly from source material to displays , for a variety of reasons .
Most displays do not operate at the native resolutions of common source material , so when you 're viewing material in 480 p , 720 p , 1080 i or 1080 p , there is , of necessity , some scaling going on .
Meanwhile , the signals representing colors have to be accurately rendered , which is dependent on black level and " delta , " the relationship between signal level and actual as - rendered color level .
Original signal formats do n't correspond well to display hardware ; for example , DVD recordings have 480 lines , but non-square pixels , and they have color recorded in color - difference format , while HDMI ordinarily runs in RGB colorspace .
Many displays do not correspond very well to any common output resolution ; instead of 720 lines or 1080 , they often will have 768 , or 1024 , or some other number of lines .
What all of this means is that there is scaling to go on along the signal chain .
The argument often made for the HDMI signal format is the " pure digital " argument -- that by taking a digital recording , such as a DVD or a digital satellite signal , and rendering it straight into digital form as an HDMI signal , and then delivering that digital signal straight to the display , there is a sort of a perfect no - loss - and - no - alteration - of - information signal chain .
If the display itself is a native digital display ( e.g. an LCD or Plasma display ) , the argument goes , the signal never has to undergo digital - to - analog conversion and therefore is less altered along the way .
That might be true , were it not for the fact that digital signals are encoded in different ways and have to be converted , and that these signals have to be scaled and processed to be displayed .
Consequently , there are always conversions going on , and these conversions are n't always easy going .
" Digital to digital " conversion is no more a guarantee of signal quality than " digital to analog , " and in practice may be substantially worse .
Whether it 's better or worse will depend upon the circuitry involved -- and that is something which is n't usually practical to figure out on paper .
As a general rule , with consumer equipment , one simply does n't know how signals are processed , and one does n't know how that processing varies by input .
Analog and digital inputs must either be scaled through separate circuits , or one must be converted to the other to use the same scaler .
How is that done ?
In general , you wo n't find an answer to that anywhere in your instruction manual , and even if you did , it'd be hard to judge which is the better scaler without viewing the actual video output .
It 's fair to say , in general , that even in very high - end consumer gear , the quality of circuits for signal processing and scaling is quite variable .
Additionally , it 's not uncommon to find that the display characteristics of different inputs have been set up differently .
Black level , for example , may vary considerably from the digital to the analog inputs , and depending on how sophisticated your setup options on your display are , that may or may not be an easy thing to recalibrate .
We have frequently found dramatic , unmistakable differences in image quality between HDMI and component video -- sometimes favoring one , sometimes the other - - on the default calibration settings of sources and displays .
The Role of Cable and Connection Quality
Cable quality , in general , should not be a significant factor in the HDMI versus Component Video comparison , as long as the cables in question are of high quality .
There are , however , ways in which cable quality issues can come into play .
Analog component video is an extremely robust signal type ; we have had our customers run analog component , without any need for boosters , relays or other special equipment , for over 200 feet without any signal quality issues at all .
However , at long lengths , cable quality can be a consideration -- in particular , impedance needs to be strictly controlled to a tight tolerance ( ideally , 75 +/- 1.5 ohms ) to prevent problems with signal reflection which can cause ghosting or ringing .
HDMI , unfortunately , is not so robust .
The problem here is the same as the virtue of analog component : tight control over impedance .
When the professional video industry went to digital signals , it settled upon a standard -- SDI , serial digital video -- which was designed to be run in coaxial cables , where impedance can be controlled very tightly , and consequently , uncompressed , full - blown HD signals can be run hundreds of feet with no loss of information in SDI .
For reasons known only to the designers of the HDMI standard , this very sound design principle was ignored ; instead of coaxial cable , the HDMI signals are run balanced , through twisted - pair HDMI cable .
The best twisted pair cables control impedance to about +/- 10 % .
When a digital signal is run through a cable , the edges of the bits ( represented by sudden transitions in voltage ) round off , and the rounding increases dramatically with distance .
Meanwhile , poor control over impedance results in signal reflections -- portions of the signal bounce off of the display end of the line , propagate back down the cable , and return , interfering with later information in the same bitstream .
At some point , the data become unrecoverable , and with no error correction available , there 's no way to restore the lost information .
HDMI cable connections , for this reason , are subject to the " digital cliff " phenomenon .
Up to some length , an HDMI cable will perform just fine ; the rounding and reflections will not compromise the ability of the display device to reconstruct the original bitstream , and no information will be lost .
As we make the cable longer and longer , the difficulty of reconstructing the bitstream increases .
At some point , unrecoverable bit errors start to occur ; these are colloquially described in the home theater community as " sparklies , " because the bit errors manifest themselves as pixel dropouts which make the image sparkle .
If we make the cable just a bit longer , so much information is lost that the display becomes unable to reconstitute enough information to even render an image ; the bitstream has fallen off the digital cliff , so called because of the abruptness of the failure .
A cable design that works perfectly at 20 feet may get " sparkly " at 25 , and stop working entirely at 30 .
In practice , it 's very hard to say when an HDMI signal will fail .
Well - made HDMI cables can be quite reliable up to 50 feet or so with most devices , and we have run HDMI at high - definition resolutions as far as 150 feet in Belden bonded - pair cable without bit errors .
But because the ability to reconstitute the bitstream varies depending on the quality of the circuitry in the source and display devices , it 's not uncommon for a cable to work fine at 30 , 40 , or 50 feet on one source / display combination , and not work at all on another .
Meanwhile , the demands on the HDMI interface are increasing .
A few years ago , no one needed to run anything more than 1080 i through a cable ; now 1080 p is common ; and soon , " deep color " devices may become prevalent in the market .
Each of these developments results in a large corresponding increase in the bitrate being shoved through the HDMI cable , and cables that worked once will stop working -- not because the cable has changed , but because the signal being run through it has changed .
The Upshot : It Depends
So , which is better , HDMI or component ?
The answer -- unsatisfying , perhaps , but true -- is that it depends .
It depends upon your source and display devices , and there 's no good way , in principle , to say in advance whether the digital or the analog connection will render a better picture .
You may even find , say , that your DVD player looks better through its HDMI output , while your satellite or cable box looks better through its component output , on the same display .
In this case , there 's no real substitute for simply plugging it in and giving it a try both ways .
HDMI Cables
Back to our Articles Index
Back to Blue Jeans Cable Home
The tenderness of the delicate American buttock is causing more environmental devastation than the country 's love of gas - guzzling cars , fast food or McMansions , according to green campaigners .
At fault , they say , is the US public 's insistence on extra-soft , quilted and multi-ply products when they use the bathroom .
" This is a product that we use for less than three seconds and the ecological consequences of manufacturing it from trees is enormous , " said Allen Hershkowitz , a senior scientist at the Natural Resources Defence Council .
" Future generations are going to look at the way we make toilet paper as one of the greatest excesses of our age .
Making toilet paper from virgin wood is a lot worse than driving Hummers in terms of global warming pollution . "
Making toilet paper has a significant impact because of chemicals used in pulp manufacture and cutting down forests .
A campaign by Greenpeace seeks to raise consciousness among Americans about the environmental costs of their toilet habits and counter an aggressive new push by the paper industry giants to market so - called luxury brands .
More than 98 % of the toilet roll sold in America comes from virgin wood , said Hershkowitz .
In Europe and Latin America , up to 40 % of toilet paper comes from recycled products .
Greenpeace this week launched a cut - out - and - keep ecological ranking of toilet paper products .
" We have this myth in the US that recycled is just so low quality , it 's like cardboard and is impossible to use , " said Lindsey Allen , the forestry campaigner of Greenpeace .
The campaigning group says it produced the guide to counter an aggressive marketing push by the big paper product makers in which celebrities talk about the comforts of luxury brands of toilet paper and tissue .
Those brands , which put quilting and pockets of air between several layers of paper , are especially damaging to the environment .
Paper manufacturers such as Kimberly - Clark have identified luxury brands such as three - ply tissues or tissues infused with hand lotion as the fastest - growing market share in a highly competitive industry .
Its latest television advertisements show a woman caressing tissue infused with hand lotion .
The New York Times reported a 40 % rise in sales of luxury brands of toilet paper in 2008 .
Paper companies are anxious to keep those percentages up , even as the recession bites .
And Reuters reported that Kimberly - Clark spent $ 25 m in its third quarter on advertising to persuade Americans against trusting their bottoms to cheaper brands .
But Kimberly - Clark , which touts its green credentials on its website , rejects the idea that it is pushing destructive products on an unwitting American public .
Dave Dixon , a company spokesman , said toilet paper and tissue from recycled fibre had been on the market for years .
If Americans wanted to buy them , they could .
" For bath tissue Americans in particular like the softness and strength that virgin fibres provides , " Dixon said .
" It 's the quality and softness the consumers in America have come to expect . "
Longer fibres in virgin wood are easier to lay out and fluff up for a softer tissue .
Dixon said the company used products from sustainbly farmed forests in Canada .
Americans already consume vastly more paper than any other country — about three times more per person than the average European , and 100 times more than the average person in China .
Barely a third of the paper products sold in America are from recycled sources — most of it comes from virgin wood .
" I really do think it is overwhelmingly an American phenomenon , " said Hershkowitz .
" People just do n't understand that softness equals ecological destruction . "
• This article was amended on Wednesday 4 March 2009 .
We mistakenly referred to virgin forests when virgin wood , which includes that from planted , managed forests , was meant .
This has been corrected .
I find this old 1965 Boy Scout Handbook so fascinating that it ’s hard to choose which pages to scan for you , but here ’s a selection from cover to cover .
Click and zoom for a closer look .
More ephemera
Posted in Children 's Books , Ephemera , Illustration
Tags : 60s , Children 's Books , Ephemera , Illustration
Institute of Applied Optimization
Welcome to the Institute of Applied Optimization ( IAO ) [ 应用优化研究所 ] of the School of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data [ 人工智能与大数据学院 ] of the Hefei University [ 合肥学院 ] .
Founded in December 2016 , we are pursuing to become a strong research group in the field of applied mathematical and combinatorial optimization , operations research , Computational Intelligence machine learning , metaheuristics , and evolutionary computation .
We jointly guest - edited the Special Issue on Benchmarking of Computational Intelligence Algorithms which was published by the Applied Soft Computing journal by Elsevier B.V .
As of August 2020 , the special issue has been completed and the published articles appeared on the journal website .
We also participate in a large community effort to gather good practices for benchmarking , which resulted in the technical report Benchmarking in Optimization : Best Practice and Open Issues .
We jointly organize the Good Benchmarking Practices for Evolutionary Computation workshops as parts of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference ( BENCHMARK@GECCO 2020 ) , July 8 - 12 , 2020 , Cancún , Quintana Roo , Mexico ( CfP , deadline has passed ) and the Sixteenth International Conference on Parallel Problem Solving from Nature ( BENCHMARK@PPSN XVI ) , September 5 - 9 , 2020 in Leiden , The Netherlands ( CfP ) .
The above are continuations of our efforts in the field , after already jointly organizing the successful BOCIA '18 , BB - DOB@GECCO '18 , BB - DOB@PPSN '18 , and BB - DOB@GECCO '19 workshops .
Mission Statement
The rise of vast computing power and data storage capacity together with the ubiquitous availability of the internet has brought us to the dawn of a new era , which leaves no aspect of industry , business , services , logistics , or even basic infrastructure unchanged .
An enterprise must seek to take advantage of these new resources in order to stay ahead of the market , to become more efficient , to reduce its costs , and to increase its speed .
Computational Intelligence conquers tasks which were previously pure human domains , ranging from driving vehicles , playing Go , to the automated planning of intermodal logistics tasks involving hundreds of trucks , trains , and ships and to the scheduling of the production of complete multi-production line factories .
Optimization and operations research are technologies which can be applied to increase the efficiency of virtually every single aspect of a company 's operation .
They can be used to improve the design of products and their robustness and quality .
They can be used to reduce waste .
They can be used to improve the scheduling of staff , work shifts , or the utilization of machines .
They can improve the floor plan of workshops .
They can be used for improving stockkeeping .
They can improve virtually all aspects of logistics and even whole supply chains .
And they can be combined with models obtained via Machine Learning and Data Mining to better plan ahead .
This is what we want to do :
We want cooperate with partners from academia and different industries .
We contribute both fundamental research on optimization as well as develop robust and reliable tailor - made software solutions .
Our research aims to help to increase production efficiency and speed , to reduce costs and resource consumption , and to even improve the quality of products .
We further believe that optimization is one of the key technologies for making concepts such as Industry 4.0 and Made in China 2025 [ 中国制 造2025 ] successful , as it can enable both intelligent , automatic control of networked manufacturing and management processes as well as a greener production .
A bank that received $ 1.6 billion in bailout money just spent a fortune last week in L.A. hosting a series of lavish parties and concerts with famous singers ... and TMZ cameras caught it all .
Northern Trust , a Chicago - based bank , sponsored the Northern Trust Open at the Riviera Country Club in L.A .
We 're told Northern Trust paid millions to sponsor the PGA event which ended Sunday , but what happened off the golf course is even more shocking .
Northern
Trust flew hundreds of clients and employees to L.A. and put many of them up at some of the fanciest and priciest hotels in the city .
We 're told more than a hundred people were put up at the Beverly Wilshire in Bev Hills , and another hundred stayed at the Loews Santa Monica Beach Hotel .
Still more stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Marina Del Rey and others at Casa Del Mar in Santa Monica .
Here are the highlights :
- Wednesday , Northern Trust hosted a fancy dinner at the Ritz followed by a performance by the group Chicago .
- Thursday , Northern Trust rented a private hangar at the Santa Monica Airport for dinner , followed by a performance by Earth , Wind & Fire .
- Saturday , Northern Trust had the entire House of Blues in West Hollywood shut down for its private party .
We got the menu -- guests dined on seared salmon and petite Angus filet .
Dinner was followed by a performance by none other than Sheryl Crow .
There was also a fabulous cocktail party at the Loews .
And how 's this for a nice touch : Female guests at the Chicago concert all got trinkets from ...
TIFFANY AND CO .
As for what all that costs :
Well , the company is n't talking .
We spoke with a rep from the band Chicago who said Northern Trust paid them around $ 100,000 .
A House of Blues source told us it cost more than $ 50,000 to close the joint down last Saturday night .
As for Sheryl Crow 's fee , her rep did n't get back to us .
Earth , Wind &
Fire acknowledges payment but wo n't say how much .
As for the golf tournament , a rep from the PGA told us Northern Trust wrote one big fat check in order to sponsor the event .
That check covers part of the $ 6.3 million purse , the advertising costs for the spots on CBS ( which broadcast the final two rounds of the tournament ) and operating costs .
The rep says the fee was negotiated and is confidential .
Lots of people from Northern Trust went to the golf tourney ... in special Mercedes that shuttled them to and from the hotels .
But for those who were n't into golfing , they could spend a few hours at the Northern Trust seminar on the
.
Now how 's this for outrage ?
Northern Trust laid off 450 workers in December , 4 % of its workforce .
And here 's what 's absolutely amazing : The United States Government flat out gave Northern Trust the $ 1.6 billion in bailout money , and the bank did n't even request it !
Embeded iframe : https://assets.tmz.com/images/blank.gif?u=webcenter.polls.aol.com/modular.jsp?template=1098&view=162937&pollId=163219&channel=tmz.com
Northern
Trust gave us a statement yesterday before going total radio silence .
A rep for the bank acknowledges they paid for the events , but that the bailout money did not pay for the events .
He claims it was paid out of the bank 's operating expenses .
Here 's Northern Trust's
to us .
Perhaps we 're missing something , but money is money .
How can they spend like this when they 're using taxpayer 's money , whether they asked for it or not ?
And where the hell is Congress in all of this ?
Is there any oversight or accountability ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It was a moment of victory in the political cultural war that has gripped the United States since the tumultuous days of the 1960s .
It came in the middle of the inauguration celebration held at the Lincoln Memorial on Sunday .
And its bearer was Garth Brooks .
The man who has epitomized country music , the official music of Red -State America , was hailing the election of a man who represents what many people with a Red-State mentality oppose : an America that embraces liberal attitudes of diversity and tolerance , that does not equate Ivy League - style education with effete elitism , and that does not hold on to traditions to block social change and progress .
True , Brooks is no rock - ribbed redneck .
His 1992 song , “ We Shall Be Free . ” essentially endorsed gay marriage .
But when he performed the old Isley Brothers soul classic , “ Shout , ” before a massive crowd of Obama supporters , you could almost hear some Red-Staters wail , “ They ’ve turned our Garth into a black guy ! ”
When he finished , Brooks doffed his cowboy hat toward President - elect Barack Obama , who sat with his family to the side of the stage .
The show at the Lincoln Memorial contained other moments signaling that the cultural civil war that began with the civil rights crusade , the movement against the Vietnam War , and the rise of hippie - dom was done — at least for now — and that the libs had won .
Toward the end of the HBO - aired event , Bruce Springsteen , once a greaser - rocker , brought out folk music hero and activist Pete Seeger , once derided by conservatives as a commie , and Seeger led the crowd in “ This Land Is Your Land . ”
This song is the liberal national anthem , written by Woody Guthrie in 1940 as a populist - minded response to Irving Berlin ’s “ God Bless America , ” which was too rah -rah for Guthrie ’s liking .
( Beyoncé then hit the stage and belted out “ God Bless America . ” )
Earlier in the day , minutes before HBO threw the on - switch for its taping , gay Episcopal bishop Gene Robinson delivered an invocation that probably would be considered heretical by many fundamentalists .
He began :
Bless us with tears –for a world in which over a billion people exist on less than a dollar a day , where young women from many lands are beaten and raped for wanting an education , and thousands die daily from malnutrition , malaria , and AIDS .
Bless us with anger–at discrimination , at home and abroad , against refugees and immigrants , women , people of color , gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender people ….
Bless us with freedom from mere tolerance –replacing it with a genuine respect and warm embrace of our differences , and an understanding that in our diversity , we are stronger .
Take that , Rick Warren .
During the show that followed , the Washington Gay Men ’s Chorus performed “ My Country , ‘ Tis of Thee ” –appearing on the same stage as military honor guards .
Gays and the military –it was all part of this “ We Are One ” extravaganza .
Had John McCain and Sarah Palin ( and their America ) won in November , there would have been no such coming together .
And no U2 singing “ Pride ( In the Name of Love ” ) , its anthem - tribute to Martin Luther King Jr. , for the new president the day before Martin Luther King Jr. Day ( a federal holiday that had been opposed by some Red- Staters , including McCain ) .
In the United States , culture is politics — and vice versa .
Obama ’s election helped define — or redefine — which currents and sensibilities are ascendant .
And Obama made this victory possible with his skills as a political communicator .
He has deftly blocked the right ’s traditional assaults on his — and , by extension , his supporter ’s — patriotism .
In fact , he has masterfully embraced America ’s mythology — such as when he praises the drafters of the Declaration of Independence — while recognizing the past and present flaws of the nation .
On Saturday , in Philadelphia , as Obama began a train ride to Washington , DC , he delivered remarks that were better than many inaugural addresses of the past .
Celebrating the revolution that gave birth to the United States , he said , “ The American Revolution was –and remains–an ongoing struggle in the minds and hearts of the people to live up to our founding creed .
Starting now , let ’s take up in our own lives the work of perfecting our union . ”
Politicians and others often smugly cite the nation ’s founding fathers and their accomplishments in a self - satisfied manner and as an act of ( national ) self - validation .
Obama references the country ’s civic icons as an argument for national betterment .
Before hopping on that train , Obama proclaimed , “ People who love this country can change it . ”
That is the opposite of the old slogan used by the right when the political culture war began : “ America , love it or leave it . ”
No , the protesters of that time countered , America , make it better .
The expansive view of America — that it is ever - changing , that it always can be improved , that it embodies a wide assortment of people and views — was on display beneath Lincoln ’s marble gaze on Sunday .
More important , it had helped propel the electoral wave that landed Obama in office .
No victories are permanent .
Shifts , backlashes , reversals are always possible .
But for the moment , via Obama ’s election , a great debate has been decided .
The times have a -changed .
For a different review of the show , click here .
Flickr photo from the Presidential Inaugural Committee used under a Creative Commons license .
When Delta Air Lines bought Northwest Airlines for $ 2.6 billion last year , it inherited a hodgepodge of 436 planes that included everything from Airbus A330s to Boeing 747s and even some ancient DC - 9s .
Every one of them flies the Northwest colors , which means Delta has a whole lot of painting to do .
Painting all those planes is a Herculean task that will take the better part of two years and 40,000 gallons of paint .
Slapping new colors on the fleet may seem trivial given everything else the airline has on its plate , but it 's a top priority because few things do so much to rebuild the brand and appeal to customers .
Delta has to combine Northwest 's operations with its own and create a single consistent brand , and giving its planes a uniform look is one way to accomplish that .
The makeover started with the 16 Boeing 747-400s that Delta picked up in the Northwest deal , and it is noteworthy because Delta will be among the few domestic airlines flying the jumbo jets .
Repainting the plane took 12 days , but time - lapse video cuts it down to three minutes and change .
Painting the plane required turning Delta 's hangar at Southern California Logistics
Airport into a giant paint booth .
The airline plans to paint 200 planes this year and finish the rest of them in 2010 .
It 's time - consuming but essential work because an airplane 's livery is a highly visible manifestation of its brand .
When Gordon Bethune took the reins at Continental Airlines in 1994 , the company was just weeks away from insolvency but he had the fleet repainted .
He believed planes that look like crap send the message that the airline is crap .
There also are practical reasons for repainting planes .
When Tempe - based America West Airlines bought US Airways , for example , it ditched that airline 's handsome blue paint scheme in favor of a lighter palette so its planes would n't get so hot in the Arizona heat .
Airbus says a decent paint job requires as many as six coats of paint , each requiring as long as 12 hours .
All that paint weighs more than you might think .
Doing the job right means laying on as many as 90 gallons of paint , according to the the blog Ask Captain Lim , and it adds between 330 and 550 pounds to the weight of the plane .
More weight means more fuel is burned , which is why some airlines forsake paint altogether .
During the 1970s and 80s , financial basket case Eastern Airlines stripped the paint from its planes , opting instead for a brushed aluminum finish .
American Airlines , which also flies planes that are largely unpainted , is going a step further , testing decals that would replace paint to save even more weight .
With airlines desperate to save cash , every pound counts .
Photo : Delta Air Lines .
Yes , that 's a Boeing 777-200LR in the photo , but it 's the same livery used on the 747 .
Delta has not provided any photos of its 747s .
Original paint job for Qantas ' first Airbus A380 .
British Airways 757 repainted in livery for its Open Skies subsidiary .
Painting an Air New Zealand jet .
The March for Life and March for Life counter protest are currently underway in San Francisco .
Over 25,000 pro/anti ilk showed up today to voice their opinion on abortion .
Here are a few scenes from the protest .
More images from today 's reproductive rights rallies as they come in to us .
Feel free to send in festive pics from either side of the today 's debate to editor [ at ] sfist.com .
In other nutty - religious - behavior news , Pope Benedict just welcomed a Holocaust denier back to the Church .
This guy says that there were never any gas chambers and only 300,000 Jews perished -- quite a way for the Pope to celebrate " March for Life " day !
Update : More photos .
Tanya Roberts , partner at law firm Charles Russell , said : " January is the month when you tend to see an increase in the number of couples deciding to separate .
Having gritted their teeth over Christmas and the New Year , and finally got the children settled into school , they call in a divorce lawyer .
Most years are pretty good for music if you know where to look , and 2008 was no exception .
It ’s a shame that you have to search so hard , of course – once upon a time all you needed to keep track of what was good in the world of music was a radio .
These days it requires a little effort , though , and while I lost count a long time ago , I probably sampled a few hundred CDs in the last 365 .
Thank the gods for the Internet and a growing network of friends who make sure to let me know whenever they hear something worthy , huh ?
This is part one of three .
The Platinum LP Awards will be along soon , and that will be followed by the CD of the Year post .
So here we go with last year ’s Gold Awards for Very Good CDs .
These are in alphabetical order , more or less .
Band Web sites link to the band name , and if the CD is available via eMusic , that links to the CD title .
If you want to purchase from eMusic , click on the link in the right column for a really good deal ( as in lots of free downloads ) .
The 2008 Gold LPs
Big Head Todd & the Monsters – All the Love You Need
The hardest CDs to evaluate for me are the ones from bands that do n’t have a lot of off days .
Bands like BHT&tM , for instance – all they do is write good songs , play the hell out of them , put on great live shows , and in general set such a consistently high standard that all the excellence begins to run together .
There are n’t nearly enough bands in the world like this to suit me , frankly .
All the Love You Need is more of the same , and I mean that as a compliment .
It ’s thoughtful , meticulously crafted , and executed with such professionalism that it ’s easy , over time , to lose sight of just how much better they are than most other bands out there .
Dave Barnes – Me and You and the World
I discovered this one completely by accident one day , as I was surfing around eMusic looking for something new .
Barnes has apparently been a pure blues guy in the past , but here he tips in the direction of more commercial - sounding fare , including my favorite track , “ Brothers and Sisters , ” a Lewis Taylor - esque Pop - R&B excursion that would have been right at home on any good FM station during the ‘ 70s .
The Chevelles – Barbarella Girl God
“ Garage Pop ” is the term being used to describe this incredibly fun band of Aussies , and that ’s probably as good as any .
The formula is simple : start with uncomplicated , hook - laden guitar - pop songs that recall everything from Cheap Trick to The Plimsouls to The Raspberries , then whang ‘em out like … well , like Cheap Trick , The Plimsouls and The Raspberries .
The Chevelles do n’t set out to do anything terribly groundbreaking , but if you ’re looking to put the top down and drive around town with your friends enjoying a crystal - clear summer night , you ca n’t beat it .
The Del Bombers – vol . 2
Back in the ‘ 80s there was a remarkable run of roots - inflected bar - boogie bands that found interesting ways of extracting the essential character of their respective regional heritages and packing it into something that was extremely cool : Los Lobos and The BoDeans were the two that enjoyed the greatest success , but you also had Lone Justice , Jason & the Scorchers , The Right Profile and The Blasters , as well as a couple of bands with “ Del ” in their names : The Del Lords and The Del Fuegos .
So when I tripped across a new San Francisco band called The Del Bombers I could n’t help recalling that fantastic moment from a couple decades back .
Turns out , this new crowd fits right in – twangy , slightly countryish ( a little Ryan Adams meets a heavy dose of Social Distortion , maybe ) rock that ’s about as unpretentious as it gets .
If you like your rock & roll smart , engaging and honest , you ’ll want to give them a listen .
Doco – The Fossil Record
Let me be up front here .
I do n’t much care for Doco ’s style of music , which is a measure of blues , another measure of hip - hop , and way too much Sublime for my taste .
But I ’ve known Trevor and Josh Booth since … well , since they were born , pretty much , so I felt obliged to give them a listen .
And here ’s the truth .
I may not be much enamored of their stylistic choices in places , but these boys can flat - out play .
Josh is better than a lot of the people we think of as great bassists and I have n’t heard more than a handful of guitarists in my life who are as good at the same age as Trevor .
The band is at its best , I think , when they ’re locked into the blues , and that seems to happen more live than on TFR .
But this is n’t all about me .
I have a feeling that a lot of folks reading this are going to love Doco .
And my taste should n’t stand in the way of that , huh ?
The Dreaming – Etched in Blood
Do you remember Stabbing Westward ?
If not , they were one of the most successful industrial rock bands of the ‘ 90s and early ‘00s .
They called it quits after 2001 ’s s/t disc failed ( I ’m speculating here ) to get the kind of commercial traction they ’d hoped for .
While that CD was still pretty noisy , they had taken a clear tack in the hard pop direction being mined more successfully by Fuel .
SW front man Christopher Hall is back with his new band , The Dreaming , and I think we can put it like this : if you liked the last Stabbing Westward record , there ’s a good chance you ’re going to like Etched in Blood .
Extremely crunchy and hard , it ’s also quite melodic – if you can make the phrase “ bonecrushing beauty ” work in your head , then this disc is for you .
The Foxboro Hot Tubs – Stop Drop & Roll
Let ’s say you ’ve just produced an instantly epic CD , a work that ’s one of the two greatest punk records in history .
A landmark political commentary that expressed the rage that millions of citizens felt but that most other bands were too afraid to take on .
Whatcha gonna do next ?
Well , if you ’re smart , you ’re going to do something a little different , because no way in hell you ’re going to equal , let alone exceed , American Idiot .
Green Day was , in fact , smart , so they decided to take a breather .
Enter their alter - egos , The Foxboro Hot Tubs , and their decidedly non-political landmark , Stop Drop & Roll .
In a nutshell , the boys decided to get back to what they once were – a fun-loving , melodic California pop band .
Tremendous fun for the masses …
The Gaslight Anthem – The ’59 Sound
In a way , this was the Marah CD I was hoping for in 2008 .
The Springsteen influence is unmistakable , but there ’s a vitality that we have n’t heard from The Boss since the ‘ 80s .
Bruce was always at his best when he echoed the melancholy of the no-place - to - go mid-Atlantic working class , and the same minor - chord ethos haunts
The ‘ 59 Sound from one end to the other .
TGA is still fairly early in their career – it will be interesting to see how their sound evolves as they grow .
Hooverphonic – The President of the LSD Golf Club
Trippy , downbeat , etherial , atmospheric – pretty much what you expect a Hooverphonic disc to be .
Some listeners might find TPotLSDGC to be a little more accessible than some past efforts , though .
It ’s not as though the band is terribly alienating , of course , but in my experience music this cool – and that ’s cool as in chilly , not cool as in hip – is hard for some people to hook into .
Perhaps this is because it ’s possible to be very pretty without being engaging for some .
In any case , if this is n’t the band ’s best effort ever , it ’s close .
The Lost Patrol – Midnight Matinée
Imagine Duane Eddy teaming up with Hope Sandoval , Jon Crosby and The Church to do a soundtrack for a new David Lynch Western Gothic epic starring Johnny Depp and a wrung - out Elisabeth Shue , with powerful supporting turns from Zooey Deschanel and Javier Bardem , you ’re probably more or less on the right track .
Or this , from the blurb at CD Baby : “ A sweeping , cinematic , wide - screen journey that combines ethereal soundscapes with surf - tinged guitar .
Perfect for those late night rides across the desert with the top down … Uniquely original retro-futurism . ”
Marketing language , sure , but it sounds about right .
Genre ?
Good luck .
Its aching beauty , bespeaking a loneliness bigger than the Wyoming sky at dusk , argues for a spot on the fringes of Goth .
The reverberating twang of Steve Masucci ’s guitars reminds me not of Country , but of traditional Western .
While it ’s not industrial by any stretch , it ’s right at home on a playlist with bands like Fiction 8 and The Birthday Massacre .
Fans of DreamPop and Shoegazer will have no problem slotting it alongside Lush , Catherine Wheel , Blonde Redhead or The Raveonettes .
And I think somebody needs to put “ Blue Lullabies ” in the soundtrack of a surfing flick .
TLP was on my list last year , too , and if they keep this up they ’ll be on it again in the future .
Marti Jones & Don Dixon – Lucky Stars : New Lullabies For Old Souls
I was a little taken aback by this one .
I bring some expectations to the table where Don and Marti are concerned , so the folky moments were as anticipated .
But there are places on the disc where the word “ lullabies ” is intended pretty literally and others where it ’s almost like listening to Loreena McKennitt – these were less anticipated .
Still , what a wonderful surprise .
Marti is a gorgeous singer and songwriter , and this effort flows logically , I guess , from some experimentations Don was working on a couple of years back .
All in all , a beautiful collaboration from two of our more talented and underappreciated artists .
The Long Blondes – Couples
I always loved Elastica , so when I run across a band that apparently shares the sentiment it ’s great news .
Enter The Long Blondes , whose catchy brand of neo -UK New Wave may also remind you of The Fall , Wire , Kaiser Chiefs and Franz Ferdinand – all good things .
Unfortunately , while my discovery of TLB was very good news , in October we got some very bad news .
From guitarist Dorian Cox on the band ’s Web site :
“ We have decided to call it a day .
The main reason for this is that I suffered from a stroke in June and unfortunately I do not know when / if I will be well enough to play guitar again . ”
It ’s bad enough when a band you like breaks up .
But a stroke , at such a young age ?
Awful .
So here ’s to one of 2008 ’s best , and best wishes for a speedy recovery and return to the best of list .
Nine Inch Nails – The Slip
Three releases in two years .
One thing ’s for sure , Trent Reznor is n’t slowing down .
Maybe he ’s really found freedom in the brave new world of music downloading .
Whatever the case , it ’s good news .
If you read the pro critics on this one you ’ll notice a lot of words like “ focus , ” “ tight ” and “ lean , ” and in truth , there is n’t a lot of fat on the bones here .
As is always the case when Reznor is at his best , there ’s a powerful sense of control about The Slip – whether he ’s in laser drill mode or unwinding into the ambient , there ’s never , ever a second where he is n’t doing precisely what he intends .
REM – Accelerate
In an interview preceding the release of Accelerate , Michael Stipe said he wants to do a truly epic American rock album , and that he does n’t feel like REM has yet accomplished that .
Which is ridiculous – they ’ve done it at least three times ( Murmur , Reckoning and Automatic for the People ) and maybe more ( Fables of the Reconstruction , Life ’s Rich Pageant ) .
But it ’s been awhile since Automatic , and while REM has had some very good moments , they have n’t sustained greatness over the span of an entire CD since 1992 .
And they do n’t quite pull it off here , either , although they do manage their best effort since Automatic .
The problem , I think , lies with their insistence on stripping down and rocking .
Nothing wrong with this formula , in and of itself , except that all of REM ’s greatest moments emerged from the moody , atmospheric , even muddy brand of Southern Gothic that established them early on .
Sure , AftP was more polished sonically , but it was , in its way , as haunted as Reckoning .
Take away the haunt and you ’ve neutered the band of what makes them truly great .
By this standard , then , I believe Accelerate is as good a disc as they ’re capable of crafting from their current mode of thinking .
If they ever do produce another five - star masterpiece , I promise you it will sound more like Life ’s Rich Pageant than Accelerate .
School of Seven Bells – Alpinisms
SVIIB is the new project from Ben Curtis , formerly of The Secret Machines , and you ’ll hear a certain kinship right away .
While the overall effect owes rather obviously to the legacy of My Bloody Valentine and Cocteau Twins , Alpinisms is also decidedly more global , with a variety of Eastern influences finding their way into the mix ( the lead track , “ Iamundernodisguise , ” provides a meditative glimpse of things to come ) .
If you come away reminded a bit of mid-period Delerium ) think Semantic Spaces , just before they caught on with a broader audience ) you wo n’t be alone .
Alpinisms is a little more challenging than most of what ’s on this year ’s list , but it rewards the effort handsomely .
She & Him – Volume One
There ’s been a run of Hollywood types making records lately .
A couple years ago we had a surprisingly good release from Juliette Lewis ( Juliette & the Licks , Four on the Floor ) , for instance , and this year we had Scarlett Johansson ’s thoroughly non-essential CD of Tom Waits covers .
So when I heard that Zooey Deschanel ( who was in Elf and who played the cool older sister in Almost Famous ) had done a disc with alt - country artist M. Ward I had no idea what to expect .
But I like Deschanel the actress , so what the heck .
Turns out the record is pretty damned good .
The songs themselves run a stylistic gamut , including some very worthy Patsy Cline - ish C&W to neo-Supremes style ‘ 60s girl group throwbacks .
( The Patsy - covers - The - Beatles take on “ I Should Have Known Better ” is pleasant enough , but I ca n’t say it made the CD any stronger , either . )
The real revelation here is Deschanel ’s voice – we knew from Elf that she could sing a little , but we did n’t fully understand just how talented she is until now .
The Stills – Oceans Will Rise
Fans who were hoping for more of the same neo - post - punk from The Stills probably came away from Oceans Will Rise a little disappointed .
No , they have n’t abandoned their roots altogether – there ’s plenty of continuity to be found in the technical execution of the new release ( chord progressions , vocal phrasing , etc. ) – but they appear to have made a deliberate decision to step out of the long and oppressive shadow of Joy Division so as to better establish their own identities .
The result takes a little listening to get used to , simply because it refuses to play into an existing template .
Once you get your ears and expectations adjusted , though , you may well come to appreciate the new diversity of a band that seems determined to keep growing .
The Well Wishers – Jigsaw Days
This was one of the year ’s more eagerly awaited CDs among the power pop underground set , and it certainly did n’t disappoint .
Here ’s what I wrote when it was released : “ This new release from Jeff Shelton ( ex- Spinning Jennies ) is among the top Power Pop discs of the year to date , and in addition to recalling artists like The Posies , Teenage Fanclub , Sloan , Supergrass and XTC , also has moments where it leans a bit heavier into the ‘ Power ’ than the ‘ Pop . ’
If you ’re not familiar with contemporary underground pop , think Matthew Sweet meets Bob Mould ( and if you do n’t know them , just go to the darned site and click to sample ) .
Like most bands working this genre , Shelton is n’t really looking to do anything new .
But he ’s doing a very good job cranking out earnest , tuneful guitar pop . ”
It was true then and it ’s true now .
And now , a few words about the year ’s Honorable Mentions
Black Mountain – In the Future
These guys ca n’t make up their minds whether they ’re Led Zeppelin or Deep Purple .
I guess if you have to develop a serious retro-identity crisis , that ’s not a bad one to have , though .
The disc is noteworthy for its willingness to put the hammer down and rock , and it ’s taking its cues from some worthy artists .
For now it comes off as a tad derivative , but I ’ll be interested to see where they go next as they seek their own voice .
Built by Snow – MEGA
For some reason I keep seeing that this is 2009 release , but I have the whole thing right now , so I ’m not sure what the story is .
Regardless , the Austin - based techno - geek rockers have an impeccable pop sensibility that echoes some of the niftiest UK New Wavers of the late ‘ 70s .
And The Cars .
Interesting enough to bear close scrutiny , and the sort of disc that you definitely want to spin at your next house party .
You might have to spin it two or three times , though – the whole thing clocks in at a spare 21 minutes .
Goldfrapp – The Seventh Tree
Goldfrapp fans may have been taken aback by this one – I know I was .
The band ’s modus operandi has traditionally revolved around pulsating , electronic songs so ice cold they made your nipples stand on end .
But here the crew has crawled off the sybian and commenced to hugging trees .
The Seventh Tree is warm , sunny , lush , organic – in short , it ’s the antithesis of everything they ’ve ever been in the past .
At a purely critical level I ca n’t say that it ’s a bad record .
It is n’t – it ’s full of well - crafted , well - performed songs .
But I also ca n’t tell you that it connected with me , either .
Which is odd – flesh should resonate in ways that a refrigerator can’t .
My sense is that Alison and Co. had it right on Black Cherry and Supernature , and here ’s hoping that their next outing will see the return of the ice cold sexuality that made us lust for them in the first place .
Marah – Angels of Destruction !
I ’ve been a big Marah fan for the past few records , but the truth is that I ’ve liked the last two the least of all .
Critics are applauding them for their growth and for the fact that they ’re really becoming their own band ( as opposed to a band that hews too closely to their Springsteenish roots ) , and there ’s no doubt that they ’re a band in command of their sound .
But I keep feeling like the more original they get , the less compelling their songs are .
This is n’t a diss , exactly , but for my money their newer efforts lack whatever it was that hooked me in the first place .
The Best CDs of 2008
As Mets GM Omar Minaya continues negotiations to secure Derek Lowe ’s services , he also has other starting - pitching options in mind .
Minaya , according to a source , has offered a contract to Tim Redding , who went 10 - 11 with a 4.95 ERA for the Nationals last season .
Terms of the offer were not available .
Redding , a 30 - year - old right - hander , would compete for the fifth spot in the rotation with rookie Jon Niese and perhaps Pedro Martinez , should Martinez return with the Mets .
“ [ Minaya ’s ] thinking is he would like to bring in six or seven starters this spring because of what happened last year , ” the source said .
Minaya made an offer to Redding last week , but the pitcher is still considering other options .
Minaya ’s priority remains Lowe , who was offered a three - year deal worth about $ 36 million .
Lowe ’s agent , Scott Boras , toured Citi Field and had lunch with Mets executives yesterday , at which time lefty Oliver Perez ( also represented by Boras ) was discussed .
Some believe the Nationals could be a suitor for Lowe , the best available starter on the market , given that Washington needs an ace and was n’t shy about entering the Teixeira sweepstakes .
The Phillies and Braves also could supersede the Mets ’ offer for Lowe .
Meanwhile , Martinez ’s agent , Fern Cuza , is expected to speak with Minaya next week .
The right - hander could be open to an incentive - heavy , one - year contract to return to the Mets .
mpuma@nypost.com
About Commerceyard
Building your dream is not easy , but at Commerceyard we make it look and feel easy .
The most important thing we do , we listen to you .
Listening is the cornerstone of building your dream , your vision , your baby …
We believe that anything you do online has a purpose , builds awareness , communicates your passion and makes you money .
We build the your dream so you can live the dream .
Once we build your dream we can help you market it to the right people so you can reach your goals .
We do not let your dream die .
We support what we have built for you and offer many types of support plans to keep the dream alive .
Since 2004 our company has been building dreams for many industries and all size companies .
We have learn a few things over the years .
TRUST .
Let us build your dream today .
Every dream begins with that 1st call .
310-302-7029
Chicago , the city that gave the country its first African American president , has been crowned the most segregated city in the United States .
On Dec. 26th , 2008 , using data from The Center for Governmental Studies at Northern Illinois University , The Chicago Tribune wrote an in - depth report on segregation in Chicago .
The report appears to have drawn little attention .
It details how Chicagoans live in a city sharply divided along racial lines .
Segregation Is in Chicago ’s History
Chicago is an old city ; its long history is at the root of the problem .
Institutional segregation was at first enforced by law and by force .
One hundred years ago , these systems and laws created parts of the city for not only particular races , but also for ethnic groups as well .
When institutional segregation came under greater and greater legal pressure , it gave away to subtler , but very effective techniques for maintaining segregation such as red lining and steering .
What Are Redlining and Steering ?
Redlining is the now - illegal practice of lending institutions refusing to lend to borrowers , or increasing the costs of loans , for homes in certain , often racially determined areas .
Redlining goes beyond home loans however ; other services important to people that were denied based on location include insurance , access to jobs , health care , and stores .
Steering is the illegal practice of real estate agents directing buyers to .
and away from , particular neighborhoods based on the buyer or renter ’s race and / or ethnicity .
Red lining was justified over and over with statements like , “ You will be happier here among your own kind , ” and “ You do n’t want to live there ?
you would n’t be comfortable . ”
Another not - so subtle strategy that is particular to Chicago was physically dividing the city racially by using the Eisenhower Expressway as a fence : African Americans to the south and Caucasians to the north .
For years it has stood as a marker for all of where you should live based on your skin color .
“ The wrong side of the tracks ” became , “ The wrong side of the highway ” in Chicago .
Segregation Is Hard to Uproot
For well over 100 years , segregation has been the rule in Chicago .
This history is now extremely difficult to overcome .
The families and the institutions that they love and rely on are now a driving force in keeping the city segregated .
Institutions like houses of worship , stores , restaurants , and schools that cater to one ethnicity or race tend to ensure that the people who are in the area , stay in the area .
And , when a family member or a friend moves to the city , they are also more likely to live in the same area and the trend not only continues , it deepens .
This is the same with all ethnicities and races ?
it ’s a major reason Chicago became a city of over 200 neighborhoods .
Chicago ’s Racial Breakdown
This study also pointed out an interesting statistic .
There are more African Americans in Chicago than Hispanics or Whites .
Of Chicago ’s nearly 3 million people , 35 % are African American , Hispanics are 30 % , and Caucasians are 28 % .
EDIT : 2010 Sept 21 –
This post continues to draw a large amount of traffic and interest , so I felt I should add a link to a newer , more refined map of Chicago ’s ethnic areas by Bill Rankin .
If it does n’t load , you can find a backup copy here .
Toyota is bringing a small electric city car concept vehicle to the Detroit auto show , where it will appear alongside the redesigned Prius hybrid .
No one 's saying much about the car beyond confirming it is purely electric and smaller than a Prius .
" It 's a concept we are bringing to the show basically to confirm our interest in electric vehicles , " spokeswoman Jana Hartline says , according to the Detroit Free Press .
The Japanese automaker , which expects to post its first operating loss in 70 years , is accelerating the R&D of batteries and could introduce EVs as early as 2010 — at which point it also plans to roll out the first plug - in Prius hybrids as part of its campaign to move beyond oil .
Toyota is n't making a big deal out of the world premiere of its EV
concept , which will sit alongside the more pedestrian Camrys and
Corollas on the show floor , and is n't planning a press conference to announce it .
That 's unusual because automakers typically announce concept vehicles to great fanfare .
Still , there 's little doubt Toyota is embracing the electrification of the automobile .
The company 's ambitious " low carbon " agenda calls for cranking out one million hybrids a year within the first half of the next decade and accelerating the development of small electric vehicles for mass production .
" Our view is that oil production will peak in the near future .
We need to develop power train (s ) for alternative energy sources , " company president Katsuaki Watanabe told reporters when he announced the agenda in October .
As for what the EV concept will look like , we 'd like to see an electric version of the awesome iQ city car coming to the United States .
The iQ ( pictured ) is a good candidate for electrification — small , light and cute as hell , which seems to be the approach everyone but Tesla is taking with EVs .
There 's plenty of room under the hood for an electric motor , although the back seat would probably be tossed aside to make room for the battery .
That 's what BMW did with the Mini - E electric runabout .
Lets just hope Toyota does n't follow BMW in charging $ 850 a month for its EV .
Photo by Toyota .
Superbass Audio cubre todas tus necesidades en cuanto a equipos de Dj y producción musical con ofertas exclusivas .
Si estás interesado en comprar tu equipamiento de sonido desde cero , o simplemente quieres cambiar un par de accesorios que han dejado de funcionar , cuenta con nuestro equipo profesional .
Más de 15 años de experiencia para asesorarte en tu compra de componentes de producción musical y sonido
Dj , interfaces de audio , tarjetas de sonido , materiales de insonorización y conjuntos de iluminación .
Entra en Superbass Audio para comprobar y comparar precios con otras tiendas , encontrarás que puedes conseguir los mejores productos de calidad al mejor precio del mercado .
Desde el equipamiento
Dj y su software de Dj correspondiente , hasta cables , amplificadores , altavoces , auriculares o controladores
Dj , instrumentos o juegos de luces , todo de la mejor tecnología y materiales .
Superbass Audio te ofrece las herramientas que necesitas tanto si eres un aficionado , un músico , un técnico o un Dj de primer nivel .
Ofertamos todo el equipamiento profesional necesario para estudios de grabacion , discotecas , pubs o clubs .
Nuestros juegos de luces para escenarios te permiten visualizar cualquier efecto de iluminación , y se te proporcionan las herramientas necesarias para que tus trabajos y actividades musicales tengan la insonorización óptima .
Sin duda , tenemos en venta sistemas de sonido y producción musical a precios muy asequibles , con ofertas exclusivas y facilidades de compra .
Todos los productos tienen la garantía oficial de los mejores fabricantes y se entregan en 24 o 48 horas , con puntos de recogida de Superbass Audio en Valencia , Benidorm , Alicante o Requena .
Prueba nuestros productos en tienda sin compromiso y benefíciate de todas las ventajas y descuentos disponibles .
Te hacemos saber de inmediato todas las ofertas , packs y promociones especiales de Pioneer , Krk , Allen & Heath , Native Instruments y muchas más marcas líderes en producción de audio .
En Superbass Audio estamos comprometidos con la calidad de nuestro servicio y nos esforzamos en hacer todo lo posible para hacer felices a los clientes con los precios más competitivos y el mejor servicio posible en cada venta .
Recuerda que no hay nada mejor que una configuración de audio profesional sólida para el éxito de cualquier sesión , espectáculo o concierto .
Somos una tienda con una enorme colección de monitores , controladores , reproductores y grabadores , sistemas digitales completos , luces espectaculares , efectos , platos , software y hardware .
Todos los accesorios posibles para crear una experiencia completa en clubs y directos , más allá de un simple balanceo .
Tu próximo evento puede alcanzar la perfección que buscas gracias al catálogo de Superbass Audio .
Analysts were also turning up surprises in the fine print .
One provision , which was sought by the student lending industry and went unmentioned in early Congressional summaries of the stimulus package , would temporarily increase subsidies to banks in the guaranteed student loan program by tying them to a new index , partly because recent federal intervention in the credit markets has invalidated the previous index .
A spokesman for Sallie Mae , one of the largest student lenders , said the change was needed to keep student loan markets fluid .
Critics said it represented a potential new windfall for lenders .
“ This just continues the well - established tradition of welfare for the student loan industry , ” said Barmak Nassirian , an expert in student lending .
The formulas by which the stimulus money for public schools would be allocated to states and local districts are complex , but take into consideration numbers of school - age children in poor families .
The level received per student would vary considerably by state , according to an analysis by the New America Foundation , a research group that monitors education spending .
New York would be among the biggest beneficiaries , at $ 760 per student , while New Jersey and Connecticut would fall near the bottom , with $ 427 and $ 409 per student , respectively .
The District of Columbia would get the most per student , $ 1,289 , according to the foundation ’s analysis .
The foundation contends , however , that the formula does not effectively allocate the most money to states with the greatest need .
In recent years the federal government has contributed 9 percent of the nation ’s total spending on public schools , with states and local districts financing the rest .
Washington has contributed 19 percent of spending on higher education .
The stimulus package would raise those federal proportions significantly .
The Department of Education ’s discretionary budget for the 2008 fiscal year was about $ 60 billion .
The stimulus bill would raise that to about $ 135 billion this year , and to about $ 146 billion in 2010 .
Other federal agencies would administer about $ 20 billion in additional education - related spending .
“ This really marks a new era in federal education spending , ” said Edward Kealy , executive director of the Committee for Education Funding , a coalition of 90 education groups .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A man who became trapped beneath his sofa for two days said he survived by sipping from a bottle of whisky .
Joe Galliott , 65 , lost his bearings during a power cut at his home in Yeovil , Somerset , and fell against the three - seater which toppled onto him .
Because of back problems , he was unable to free his 19 - stone frame and remained stuck for 60 hours until a neighbour spotted him through the curtains .
He said a bottle of whisky , which had rolled within reach , kept him going .
" The whole settee tipped over catching me like a rat in a trap , " he said
" I took a sip of [ the whisky ] and thought , well this is n't too bad . "
Curtains closed
But after several hours without food or water , he admits , he became quite worried .
" It felt like a lifetime , you think you 're there forever , " he said .
The alarm was raised by a neighbour who had peered through the window , after becoming concerned that Mr Galliott 's curtains had not been drawn for two days .
He spent five days recovering in hospital after his ordeal earlier this month .
Mr Galliott said he was keeping another bottle of whisky by the sofa " just in case . "
Celebrity Scare Cuts & Hairdos ( Photos )
Some of our favorite celebrities have obviously been victims of bad hair days .
We 've gathered some photos that demonstrate that even Hollywood 's finest can be caught looking less than spectacular .
In some cases , we 've got repeat offenders .
Christina Aguilera , Fergie and Penelope Cruz may well be hairdo challenged .
Check them all out below and be prepared to be amused .
Photos : WENN
At AEE last year , the sex toy to watch out for was the Sasi .
We may not have found any toys that could compete with the current queen of vibes — but we did discover a robopussy .
If we were going to be all technical about it , we 'd tell you AEBN 's Real Touch is a cyberdildonics device , one that responds to input from porn movies , mimicking the star 's actions to make it feel like you —yes , you !— are actually receiving that blowjob from Sasha Grey .
We 'd also tell you that it's one of the most remarkable male sex toys we 've ever seen — even without the porno interfacing .
But the truth is , once we put our fingers inside its robo canal , and felt the ribbed lining massage our fingers ( and the opening clamp around them from time to time ) , there was really only one thing we could possibly think :
Holy shit , they 've finally made a robopussy .
Demo video above .
· Real Touch ( realtouch.com )
Tagged in : avn2009 , clips , events , las vegas , sex toy watch , sex toys , straight , video ,
Mozilla has pushed out its last planned update for Firefox 2.0 , sending the venerable browser out to pasture .
Naturally you can still use Firefox 2 , but you ’ll miss out on phishing protection , countless new features and , as of today , any more security updates .
If you ’re still stuck with Firefox 2 , whether it be because your network admin has n’t upgraded or you ’re using an older operating system that Firefox 3 does n’t support , understand that Firefox 2 is n’t going to magically shut off .
You can continue using Firefox 2 for as long as you like , it just wo n’t see any more security fixes .
The last update means that , as of today , Firefox 2 is no longer officially supported by Mozilla .
So what do you get for your last Firefox 2 release ?
Mozilla ’s notes say that “ Firefox 2.0.0.20 includes an additional security fix over Firefox 2.0.0.19 for users of the Windows platform . ”
Mac and Linux users , it does n’t appear anything has changed on your end .
If you have n’t upgraded to Firefox 3 , we strongly suggest doing so as there ’s quite a few new , worthwhile features , added security tools , some significant speed improvements and , by now , nearly all Firefox add - on have been updated to work with Firefox 3 .
If Firefox 3 did n’t quite tickle your fancy , you could always give the bleeding edge Firefox 3.1 beta 2 a try .
Most add - ons have n’t been updated to work with it yet , but we ’ve been using it ever since it was released and have found it to be faster than 3.0 and reasonably stable for a beta release .
See Also :
Bonus :
3
scripts
Allows Firefox to save passwords for sites that turn off autocomplete , even on forms that are inside frames or iframes .
Before : After : This script will improve the speed experience .
It boosts the number of articles that prefetched on the Google Reader 's expanded view .
Adds favicons to feeds and entries in Google Reader .
Adds an option to download YouTube videos as MP4 files .
Unlike most other scripts , this one downloads the videos directly from YouTube and does n't connect to any other site .
Before : After : Expands snipr , tinyurl.com , is.gd , zz.gd and bit.ly urls on Twitter and FriendFeed to show you where they 're pointing .
Removes Gmail ads .
In source code , has option to get rid of all the stuff at the bottom ( size used , ip addresses , links , bla bla ) : just change the value to " true " .
( All for Gmail and Google Reader ) : Makes Google Reader blue againDifferent Gmail attachment icons so you 'll know what file type that attachment is .
Before : After : I have several feeds that are just pages of plain text -- not very easy reading with Reader 's default font .
To make these feeds easier to read , this little style just makes the font a little larger , changes it to the Georgia serif font , and adds a slightly off - white background .
The width of the space also increases to not quite 100 % -- making a line too long also makes it somewhat harder to read .
( I 'm still playing with the width .
80 % is really the best " reading width " [ given my window size ] but it looks a little strange with the background drop - off there .
Replace the floating value with ' none ' if you want the whole space ... which most of you probably know already .
Mr. Bush ’s secretary of the interior , Dirk Kempthorne , has recently carved out significant exceptions to regulations requiring expert scientific review of any federal project that might harm endangered or threatened species ( one consequence will be to relieve the agency of the need to assess the impact of global warming on at - risk species ) .
The department also is rushing to remove the gray wolf from the endangered species list  again .
The wolves were re-listed after a federal judge ruled the government had not lived up to its own recovery plan .
In coming weeks , we expect the Environmental Protection Agency to issue a final rule that would weaken a program created by the Clean Air Act , which requires utilities to install modern pollution controls when they upgrade their plants to produce more power .
The agency is also expected to issue a final rule that would make it easier for coal - fired power plants to locate near national parks in defiance of longstanding Congressional mandates to protect air quality in areas of special natural or recreational value .
Interior also is awaiting E.P.A. ’s concurrence on a proposal that would make it easier for mining companies to dump toxic mine wastes in valleys and streams .
And while no rules changes are at issue , the interior department also has been rushing to open up millions of acres of pristine federal land to oil and gas exploration .
We fear that , in coming weeks , Mr. Kempthorne will open up even more acreage to the commercial development of oil shale , a hugely expensive and environmentally risky process that even the oil companies seem in no hurry to begin .
He should not .
ABORTION RIGHTS
Soon after the election , Michael Leavitt , the secretary of health and human services , is expected to issue new regulations aimed at further limiting women ’s access to abortion , contraceptives and information about their reproductive health care options .
Existing law allows doctors and nurses to refuse to participate in an abortion .
These changes would extend the so - called right to refuse to a wide range of health care workers and activities including abortion referrals , unbiased counseling and provision of birth control pills or emergency contraception , even for rape victims .

The administration has taken other disturbing steps in recent weeks .
In late September , the I.R.S. restored tax breaks for banks that take big losses on bad loans inherited through acquisitions .
Now we learn that JPMorgan Chase and others are planning to use their bailout funds for mergers and acquisitions , transactions that will be greatly enhanced by the new tax subsidy .
Getting fired is never fun , especially in these uncertain economic times .
But if you have been saving up for a rainy day , and you have a cottony cushion sitting in the bank , there might be a silver lining to recession - related job cuts .
Let ’s be honest with ourselves … how many times have you sat at your desk fantasizing wistfully that you would be “ let go ” so you could have the time to do the things , like traveling , that seem to keep getting pushed aside for the sake of slaving away at a 9 to 5 ?
You have n’t ?
It ’s just me ?
I hope my boss is n’t reading this .
Ahem .
In any case , if you ’ve got some cash stashed away , you can use this unexpected break in work to your advantage … instead of rushing headlong back into the shaky job market , you might consider picking a low - cost travel destination .
Stretch your time and money out .
Clear your head and reassess .
Go backpacking in India or take a long trek through South America .
Retreat to an ashram on the subcontinent or go spend a few months being a beach bum in Thailand .
Have you always wanted to volunteer abroad ?
Now might be the time to do it .
You will return rich with experience and gifted with a new perspective on the life– and work– you left behind .
Next topic : Sitting out the recession in India .
Hepatitis C Vaccine on the Horizon
Share Follow Us
Learn why Rockefeller University scientists ’ recent discovery on how to infect mice with Hepatitis C could lead to a necessary HCV vaccine .
Discovery Could Lead To A New Animal Model For Hepatitis C
ScienceDaily ( Jan. 28 , 2009 ) — During its career , the potentially fatal hepatitis C virus has banked its success on a rather unusual strategy : its limitations .
Its inability to infect animals other than humans and chimpanzees has severely hampered scientists in developing a useful small animal model for the disease .
But now , in a breakthrough published in the journal Nature , Rockefeller University scientists have identified a protein that allows the virus to enter mouse cells , a finding that represents the clearest path yet for developing a much - needed vaccine as well as tailored treatments for the 170 million people across the globe living with the tenacious , insidious and rapidly changing virus .
By using a genetic screen , the group , led by Charles M. Rice , head of the Laboratory of Virology and Infectious Disease , identified a human protein , called occludin , that makes mouse cells susceptible to the virus .
The discovery means that scientists now have the complete list of cellular factors — a total of four — that are required for the virus to enter nonhuman cells .
The hepatitis C virus exclusively targets human liver cells , suggesting that these cells express genes that allow uptake of the virus , genes that are not expressed in other human and nonhuman cells , explains Rice .
In past years , three proteins — CD81 , CLDN1 and SR - BI — were identified as having key roles in shuttling the virus into cells , but something was clearly missing .
Rice ’s group found that even when they engineered mouse cells to overexpress all three proteins , the cells still denied the virus entry .
The discovery of occludin , however , has changed that .
When Rice and his colleagues engineered mouse and human cell lines to express all four proteins , they showed that each cell line became infectible with the virus .
To further establish occludin ’s role as a required entry factor , the group showed that human liver cells naturally express high levels of occludin , and that by silencing its expression , they could give these once highly susceptible liver cells the ability to completely block infection .
“ You know , you sort of have to get lucky , ” says Rice , who is also Maurice R. and Corinne P. Greenberg Professor at Rockefeller .
“ You ’ve got these three factors you know are important , but you could have 10 other human factors that could have been necessary for hepatitis C virus entry .
This work shows that ’s not the case . ”
In their DNA screen , the team , including Alexander Ploss , a research associate in the lab , and Matthew J. Evans , currently at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York , first cloned all the genes that were expressed in liver cells and then delivered them to mouse cells .
“ Then , going through an iterative screening process , we honed in on the genes that made the mouse cells permissive , ” says Ploss , who spearheaded the project with Evans .
Since mice and humans each have a species - specific version of the four factors , the group used hamster cells to see which combination of factors did the best job at making the cells infectible .
They found that in the case of two of the proteins , occludin and CD81 , only the human versions worked ; for SR - BI and CLDN1 , the human and mouse versions did an equally good job .
These experiments not only suggest that there may be more than one potential animal model , but also that there are several specific combinations of entry factors that could generate them .
“ This work provides a clear foundation upon which we can now begin to construct an animal model for the uniquely human pathogen , ” says Rice .
“ This is only a first step but in terms of creating an animal model for hepatitis C , it ’s a big leap forward . ”
Journal reference :
1 . Ploss et al .
Human occludin is a hepatitis C virus entry factor required for infection of mouse cells .
Nature , January 28 , 2009 ; DOI : 10.1038/nature07684
Adapted from materials provided by Rockefeller University .
—
URL for Article Source : http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/01/090128183934.htm
“ My parents told me to keep coming to school even if I am killed , ” said Shamsia , 17 , in a moment after class .
Shamsia ’s mother , like nearly all of the adult women in the area , is unable to read or write .
“ The people who did this to me do n’t want women to be educated .
They want us to be stupid things . ”
In the five years since the Mirwais School for Girls was built here by the Japanese government , it appears to have set off something of a social revolution .
Even as the Taliban tighten their noose around Kandahar , the girls flock to the school each morning .
Many of them walk more than two miles from their mud - brick houses up in the hills .
The girls burst through the school ’s walled compound , many of them flinging off head - to - toe garments , bounding , cheering and laughing in ways that are inconceivable outside — for girls and women of any age .
Mirwais has no regular electricity , no running water , no paved streets .
Women are rarely seen , and only then while clad in burqas that make their bodies shapeless and their faces invisible .
And so it was especially chilling on Nov. 12 , when three pairs of men on motorcycles began circling the school .
One of the teams used a spray bottle , another a squirt gun , another a jar .
They hit 11 girls and 4 teachers in all ; 6 went to the hospital .
Shamsia fared the worst .
Image The Mirwais school in Kandahar has about 1,300 students .
The attacks appeared to be the work of the Taliban , the fundamentalist movement that is battling the government and the American - led coalition .
Banning girls from school was one of the most notorious symbols of the Taliban ’s rule before they were ousted from power in November 2001 .
A few minutes ago , I let the late , great , Frederic Bastiat pick the low - hanging fruit , with regards to the question , Is Social Security a Ponzi Scheme ?
I did n’t think it would be necessary to offer any further commentary , but I read the article anyways .
It is worthwhile to note that Zuckoff does appeal to the government - conferred - legitimacy argument which Bastiat exploded , but he kind of glossed over that aspect , probably because it ’s the least convincing lie concoted by Social Security proponents .
Here ’s the three reasons why Zuckoff says Social Security is not a Ponzi scheme , and my more thorough rebuttal .
It ’s hard to knock down such a persistent and seemingly elegant analogy [ that comparing Social Security to Ponzi ’s scheme ] .
But since it creates a false impression of Social Security , and since I for one consider real Ponzi schemes too important and interesting to obfuscate , it ’s worth rebutting this myth .
First , in the case of Social Security , no one is being misled .
Ahhh , so the completely voluntary , yet fraudulent system run by Madoff is intolerable and worthy of real rebuke , but the completely involuntary System imposed without choice or consent on one generation by another generatoin , is AOK ?
Second , Social Security is n’t automatically doomed to fail .
Played out to its logical conclusion , a Ponzi scheme is unsustainable because the number of potential investors is eventually exhausted .
That ’s when the last people to participate are out of luck ; the music stops and there ’s nowhere to sit .
… But Social Security can be , and has been , tweaked and modified to reflect changes in the size of the taxpaying workforce and the number of beneficiaries .
It would take great political will , but the government could change benefit formulas or take other steps , like increasing taxes , to keep the system from failing .
So , rather than exhaust the number of participants , the government simply reduces the size of the chairs ?
Third , Social Security is morally the polar opposite of a Ponzi scheme and fundamentally different from what Madoff allegedly did .
At the height of the Great Depression , our society ( see “ Social ” ) resolved to create a safety net ( see “ Security ” ) in the form of a social insurance policy that would pay modest benefits to retirees , the disabled and the survivors of deceased workers .
Stop calling it “ insurance . ”
It ’s not .
Social Security is fundamentally the same as Madoff ’s scheme .
It differs in only one regard : Anyone could ’ve “ invested ” ( or not ) with Madoff ; everyone is forced to contribute to Social Security .
The wholesale absence of choice is what makes Social Security morally reprehensible .
It is the means by which it is perpetrated which I condemn , not the ends .
The San Francisco Independent Film Festival returns this February for the 11th year , featuring the very best in foreign and homegrown independent films .
Big name fests like Sundance and Tribeca had exploded into fancy star - studded affairs ( I heard you can get a job as Robert Redford ’s parking space security ! ) , but IndieFest remains true to its name by scheduling fully independent films — mostly by first - time directors — that are still raw and rough around the edges , but that 's the way we like 'em .
Here are five things happening at the festival this year that you do n’t want to miss .
• • •
Somers Town
Kick off the festival on Feb 6th with some laughs and a few tears with this excursion to London ’s gritty streets .
Director Shane Meadows reunites with his longtime partner , screenwriter Paul Fraser , for their fifth film together in this Brit teenage drama about a 16 - year - old boy who runs away from home and receives shelter from a Polish teen , unbeknown to his hard - drinking father .
It ’s IndieFest ’s opening film , for good reason .
Shot in stunning black - and - white , it features two raw performances from two up - and - coming actors , one of whom already received acclaim two years ago in Meadows ’ skinhead pic
This is England .
Meadows is making a stamp as one of the best young directors to come out of England with films like A Room for Romeo Brass and Dead Man ’s Shoes .
Do n’t miss his latest work .
Fanboys
If you ’re a Star Wars fan , you may have heard about the story of Fanboys .
What started out as an indie project has since fought battles with the buying studio to keep its heart intact .
Three years and numerous changes later , it ’s finally here .
Though this Weinstein Company release hits theaters Friday , February 6th , IndieFest has arranged an early 9:30 screening the night before at the Victoria theater .
What ’s a few hours ’ difference make ?
It ’s not the time , it ’s the crowd .
Why empty all that build - up at a regular multiplex when you can see this hilarious film with other enthusiastic fanboys that would appreciate the insane amount of Star Wars in - jokes and references ?
The Big Lebowski Year
Now in its sixth year running , IndieFest is once again hosting its annual Big Lebowski party .
This 21 - and - over party is a tradition at the fest , celebrating the Coen Bros ’ great cult classic .
As usual , there will be artwork , mini bowling , zip line , trampoline action and the film projected on a wall .
Of course , White Russian all around !
This year , however , there ’s a film on IndieFest ’s documentary slate called The Achievers : The Story of Lebowski Fans , about the Lebowski Fest down in Vegas , attracting thousands of fans .
The filmmaker and organizers of Lebowski Fest plan to attend our party , so be sure to show up and make it a good one .
The party rakes place February 7th at CellSpace , from 9 PM to whenever .
Admission is free with an IndieFest ticket stub , $ 10 without and $ 5 if you come dressed up as a Big Lebowski character .
Super Happy Fun Monkey Bash !
Most of us know that 64 % of all fun on the internet come from Japanese television .
Ever want to see those ridiculous clips on the big screen ?
You can now with this 90 - minute compilation of some of the most insane crap from Japan as put together by Tim League from Austin 's famed Alamo Drafthouse theater .
Each Spring , the Drafthouse rolls out a new volume of this madness , and IndieFest will be screening their 2008 edition .
This latest big batch of craziness features , and I quote , “ A - list American celebrities pimping themselves out for cheap Japanese products , bawdy situation comedies , unexpected nudity , extreme pro- wrestling , bizarre anti-flatulence products , nonsensical English phrases , supreme goofiness , excerpts from the Japanese CNN ( Chimpanzee News Network ) , and lots and lots of foam rubber costumes ! ”
Thank you , Japan .
I Am Curious ( Pink )
This year , the fest pays tribute to the art of “ pinku ” — a phenomenon in Japan that refers to low - budget softcore porn .
Unlike the the softcore porn seen here in America , where you get cheesy skinemax pics , pinku films are often imaginatively avant garde and overlaps with genre films .
Four pinku films are scheduled as two Saturday night double features .
One of them is the infamous S&M Hunter , about a bondage superhero taking on an all - girl street gang to rescue a man they ’ve kidnapped to be their sex toy .
God bless you , Japan .
God bless all you weirdos .
• • •
... And More !
Of course , these are n’t the only reasons to go .
Like in years past , the 11th annual SF Independent Film Festival will have lots of parties and a great selection of over 100 independent features , shorts and documentaries .
Tickets are $ 10 in advance ( $ 11 at the door ) for each screening and $ 20 for Opening Night ( including the after - party ) .
5 - film vouchers are $ 45 , 10 - film vouchers are $ 85 ; $ 200 for Festival Pass good for all films and parties .
More info on the official website .
A very brief and glorious history of IndieFest , in case you are wondering
In 1998 Jeff Ross realized there was no avenue available for his friend Rand Alexander to show his film , CAGED , even though it had played the prestigious Slamdance Film Festival that same year .
Jeff took to the streets and put on a four - day event financed , like many of the films presented , with his personal credit cards .
The event was welcomed with an audience of over 3,000 people .
The following year IndieFest grew to a nine - day event with over 4,200 in attendance .
Over a decade later , IndieFest draws crowds of 11,000 and continues to support and celebrate maverick filmmakers and their work .
Poll of pundits :
When will global economy recover ?
Story Highlights
CNN 's Charles Hodson has been asking Davos delegates for their predictions
He asked : Will growth return in 2009 , 2010 or 2011 and beyond ?
When do you think global economy will recover ?
Soundoff below
Next Article in World Business »
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
A grand jury has indicted four people in the shooting death of a woman during what police say was a Ku Klux Klan initiation rite in the Louisiana woods , St. Tammany Parish prosecutors said .
Raymond " Chuck " Foster is reputed to be the leader of the Klan Group .
He was among the four indicted .
Raymond " Chuck " Foster , 44 , was indicted on second - degree murder charges Wednesday in the November death of Cynthia Lynch , 43 , of Tulsa , Oklahoma .
If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison , said Rick Wood , spokesman for the St. Tammany Parish district attorney 's office .
" That 's what he was charged with , " Wood told reporters on Wednesday .
" The grand jury agreed with that charge . "
Two other men , including Foster 's son , Shane Foster , were indicted on a count of obstruction of justice , and a woman , Danielle Jones , was indicted on one count of being an accessory after the fact .
Wood said Thursday Foster 's case was assigned to one judge and the others ' cases were assigned to another .
Foster is scheduled to be arraigned March 3 , he said , and the others are set for arraignment next week .
Eight people initially were arrested in the case .
The remaining four were not indicted .
" Have n't seen one like this , " Wood said Wednesday .
" We 've had a lot of high - profile cases , but not one like this .
...
As ( district attorney ) Walter Reed said , it will be to the max .
They will be prosecuted to the max . "
Authorities said Lynch was recruited over the Internet and took a bus to Slidell , Louisiana , where she was met by two Klan members .
They then went to a campsite in the woods near Sun , Louisiana , about 60 miles north of New Orleans , where they met other members of the group , police said .
During the initiation rite , members of the Klan group , which calls itself the Sons of Dixie , shaved Lynch 's head , according to Capt .
George Bonnett of the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Department and Sheriff Jack Strain , who spoke to CNN in November .
After 24 hours of drills , including chanting and running with torches , she asked to be taken to town .
An argument began , authorities said , and the group 's leader , Raymond Foster , pushed Lynch to the ground and shot her without warning .
Lynch apparently wanted to leave because she was homesick , investigators found after talking to her family members .
After the shooting , " Foster , we believe , removed a knife from his pocket and rolled over the victim and began a process of trying to remove the bullet from her body ... because he was trying to destroy evidence where law enforcement would not be able to piece these things together , " Strain said .
Police believe other members of the Sons of Dixie helped cover up the slaying on Foster 's behalf , Strain said at the time , including burning some of Lynch 's personal items .
" We 're up to the challenge , " Wood told reporters after the indictments were handed up Wednesday .
" This office is ready to proceed and take care of business . "
Authorities received the initial tip about the slaying from a convenience store clerk , after two group members went into the store and asked him if he knew how to get bloodstains out of their clothes .
The clerk told them he did not , then called police after they left .
Officials tracked down those two members and arrested them , then arrested others at the campsite and Foster .
All the members surrendered without incident , police said .
Investigators found Confederate battle flags , Ku Klux Klan banners , five Klan robes and an Imperial Wizard robe at the campsite , authorities said .
Lynch 's body was found under loose brush along a road several miles from the campsite .
Raymond Foster has a history of Ku Klux Klan activity dating back seven years , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , a Montgomery , Alabama - based organization that tracks hate groups .
All About Ku Klux Klan • Criminal Investigations
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of " Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and " Speak , Brother !
A Black Man's View of America . "
Visit his Web site for more information .
Roland S. Martin says Gov. Rod Blagojevich had every right to fill the vacant U.S. Senate seat .
( CNN ) --
It is total hypocrisy for the naysayers of embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich to assert that he did n't have the legal right to appoint Roland Burris to fill the U.S. Senate seat vacated by President - elect Barack Obama .
According to the Illinois Constitution , the governor of the state has the sole responsibility for appointing the replacement .
Did Blagojevich resign , or has he been impeached ?
Nope .
If you call Springfield , Illinois , and ask for the governor 's office , they 'll tell you that Blagojevich 's name is still on the door .
It seems a lot of folks are excited and happy that Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White took a stand by refusing to sign the paperwork certifying Burris as the Senate appointee .
Yet what these same folks somehow refuse to recognize is that Blagojevich is n't some guy sitting around in his office , twiddling his fingers , flipping through the cable channels with a remote and waiting to get impeached .
He is still carrying out his duties as governor .
Did you know that since his arrest in December , Blagojevich has pardoned 22 people ?
I have n't heard a huge outcry over this tainted governor setting folks free .
Did you know that Blagojevich continues to sign bills that were passed by the General Assembly ?
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald cited a pending bill on the governor 's desk related to horse racing as a reason for arresting him , but Blagojevich can still sign any bill he so chooses .
Did you know that two days ago , Blagojevich , as determined by state law , set March 3 as the primary and April 7 as the general election to fill the congressional seat of Rahm Emanuel , who resigned after agreeing to become Obama 's chief of staff ?
By the way , guess who signed the certification of that election ?
Jesse White .
The law says the governor can set a special election to fill a congressional seat , so does n't the same law state that he can fill a Senate seat ?
Yes , Blagojevich 's appointment of a U.S. Senate seat is easily seen as being tainted because of what has been described by federal law enforcement officials in their criminal complaint against him .
But the reality is that Blagojevich has n't been indicted , convicted or impeached .
And whether we like it or not , no matter how smelly it looks , he still maintains the absolute right to do the job he was elected to do .
I was one of the many voices who said that in light of what he was arrested for , Blagojevich should resign his seat because his presence paralyzes state government .
And I still believe that .
But we are way beyond that now .
He chose not to do so , which is his right .
Then the Illinois General Assembly had the authority to strip Blagojevich of the right to choose the U.S. Senate replacement , but the Democratic - controlled body got greedy and chose not to do so .
Illinois House Speaker Michael Madigan , who is also chairman of the state Democratic Party , had a bill in committee to do so , and had signaled that he was going to pass the legislation .
But Democrats were scared that a Republican could win a special election , and they did n't want to risk it .
I 'm sure they also were banking on Blagojevich resigning .
So in the end , could the spectacle of Burris being turned away at the door of the U.S. Senate been avoided ?
Yep .
But Democrats chose not to do so , and now they look like fools for leading this circus .
But let 's go back to Blagojevich and the law .
Critics contend that Blagojevich does n't have the right to appoint anyone to the seat .
Yet even Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid conceded that according to the body 's rules , and not law , Blagojevich has the right to walk on the floor of the U.S. Senate and talk and fellowship with Senate members .
Think about this for a second .
Senate Democrats are objecting to Blagojevich 's appointment , saying they will reject Burris and not allow him to walk on the floor .
But the same guy whose appointee they want to reject has the right to floor privileges in the Senate ?
So have we gotten to the point that we are picking and choosing what rules and laws with which Blagojevich can comply ?
It 's worth noting that Sen.
Larry Craig was arrested in an airport bathroom and later pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct , but he got to keep his seat and focus on his job .
Sen .
Ted Stevens was arrested on corruption charges , was tried and convicted , but he was still able to carry out his official duties .
So if Craig , Stevens and any number of other House members who have been arrested were allowed to continue doing their job even after state or federal charges were brought , should the rules be different for Blagojevich ?
We have moved beyond what we all think Blagojevich should do .
Folks wanted him to resign .
He did n't .
Others wanted him not to appoint a Senate replacement .
He did .
All we are left with is the real question -- and that is whether Blagojevich had the legal right to do what he did .
And the fact is yes , he did .
It may not look right , feel right or smell right , but when it comes to the law , it 's crystal clear .
And if you do n't like it , change the law .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .
All About Roland Burris • Rod Blagojevich • Patrick Fitzgerald
While the economic news has most Americans in a state of near depression , hope abounds today that the country may use the current economic crisis as leverage to address some longstanding problems .
Nowhere is that prospect for progress more worthy than the crisis in our public education system .
So , from someone who realized rather glumly last week that he has been working at school reform for 40 years , here is a prescription for leadership from the Obama administration .
We ...
Monday , 05 Jan , 2009 Health & Fitness
Scientists at the University of Jaen , in southern Spain , found that carbonated drinks , sold by the popular drinks company Coca - Cola , contain up to 300 times more pesticides than it is permitted in tap or bottled water .
Researchers carried out a worldwide study to discover that the highest level of pesticides in orange and lemon drinks that are available under the Fanta brand was found in the UK .
Scientists instantly called on the Government , the industry and the Coca - Cola Company to take actions in order to eliminate the chemicals .
However , the industry says that children are not at risk and that the amount of pesticides found in the drinks is not hazardous .
It is worth mentioning that in their study researchers analyzed 102 cans and bottles of soft drinks , which they purchased in 15 countries .
They tested the drinks for the presence of 100 pesticides .
In the UK soft drinks were acquired in London , Cambridge , Edinburgh , St Andrews and at Gatwick Airport .
According to the experts , the amount of pesticides was extremely high and " up to 300 times " the level allowed for tap or bottled water .
Experts identified such chemicals as : carbendazim , thiabendazole , imazalil , prochloraz , malathion and iprodione .
These chemicals are usually used on fruits to halt the spread of fungal infections or rotting .
From a total of 19 soft drinks purchased in the UK and produced by Coca - Cola , scientists found that 2 orange drinks featured imazalil , the level of which was 300 times over the limit for one pesticide in drinking water .
In addition , 2 similar drinks included thiabendazole , the level of which was 98 times over the allowed limit .
Despite the results of the study , Cocal - Cola GB stated that the company 's products are safe .
The spokesman for the company stated that all drinks produced by Coca - Cola meet the safety regulations associated with food products produced from agricultural ingredients , which comprise drinks with fruit juice as an ingredient .
" The generally miniscule levels that were detected were well within the acceptable daily intake levels and these findings should reassure consumers there is no safety issue here , " the spokesman added .
Obama Express Heads To D.C. , Michelle Obama Turns 45 ( Photos , Video )
A 10 - car Amtrak train , dubbed the Obama Express , left Philadelphia this morning .
Some 90 members of the media joined President - electand his entourage on a 135 mile whistle - stop journey to Washington D.C .
The eight hour journey included a stop in Wilmington , Delaware , to pick up Vice - President - elect Joe Biden and his wife Jill Biden .
Obama started the day with a speech in Philadelphia where he pledged to take up the work that the patriots started .
" We are here to mark the beginning of our journey to Washington , and this is fitting because it was here in this city that our American journey began . "
Obama informed the crowd that it was his wife Michelle Obama 's birthday .
The 45 year old soon - to - be First lady smiled as the crowd broke into a rousing round of Happy Birthday To You .
The train trip is a retracing of Abraham Lincoln 's journey to assume his presidency .
Photos and video from Wilmington below .
Family photo gallery here .
More photos here .
Posted on January 7 , 2009 at 11:31 PM
Share
Many divorces turn acrimonious , but a New York divorce has turned potentially life - threatening .
But a new litmus test has emerged for real acrimony : has your soon - to - be ex asked for a donated organ back ?
Only then do you know you are in a truly deadly divorce !
According to Newsday , a New York surgeon , Richard Batista , is asking his wife , Dawnell Batista , for the kidney he gave her in 2001 back , or if she ca n’t live without it ( ha ha ) –for $ 1.5 million in exchange for his regret over the gift .
It occurs to me that husbands and wives who are divorcing often do n’t get to ask for other large , costly , or otherwise meaningful or significant gifts that they give to their spouse while they are married back just because they are n’t in love or do n’t wish to be married anymore .
From engagement or wedding rings to Christmas presents , gifts stay with the recipient in most cases .
Moreover , it ’s hard to imagine ex-ish spouses asking for other medical “ gifts ” back .
I can just hear it now : “ Hey hon , I really loved you when I bought you that rhinoplasty , but now you do n’t deserve to have a perfect nose anymore , so I want it back .
And if I can’t I have it , I want $ 50 grand . ”
Divorce lawyers will gather over martinis and begin drawing medical gift price lists that their clients , who ca n’t really take back breast augmentations and liposuctions , will say that they deserve their “ investments in their spouse ” back and conjure up ridiculous figures for them above and beyond what the actual procedures cost .
Never mind that asking for a kidney back would put Dawnell Batista on a dialysis machine and endanger her health while she cares for three children , never mind that Richard Batista voluntarily gave her the kidney seven years ago , never mind that we do n’t sell kidneys in the United States .
Here ’s my diagnosis of the case : divorce - induced insanity on the part of client and attorney .
No reasonable client or attorney would propose asking for a bodily organ or $ 1.5 million if desperation were n’t involved .
Surely no judge or jury is going to force Dawnell Batista to give up her kidney –but will she be forced to pay her husband for some pain and suffering for “ losing ” a kidney he voluntarily gave ?
It ’s hard to imagine .
Oddly , if she does pay , she ’ll probably get paid her own money right back in child support or alimony –getting her kidney money right back .
Summer Johnson , PhD
A short novel at only 167 pages ( the title is apt ) , A Mercy might still have held the reader ’s attention had it ignored the contemporary taboo against straightforward , sequential storytelling .
But this is in effect a series of back­stories , some told in the narrator ’s affected voice , some in the characters ’ scatty idiom , but all moving at the same uninvolving expository trot .
Back and forth the book goes over the same period , summing up this life , then that , with more crude sarcasm brought to bear on colonial society­ — “ Lina ... let herself be purified by these worthies , ” etc. — than sincere effort to understand it .
Months , years , and entire character transformations are dispatched in a few enumerative sentences .
Relying on memory and her own resources , she cobbled together neglected rites , merged Europe [ sic ] medicine with native , scripture with lore , and recalled or invented the hidden meaning of things .
Found , in other words , a way to be in the world .
How shallow and vague that is ; how glibly it breezes through the life of the mind .
A Mercy is eked out with a few set pieces , but even they rush us through ; the book never seems to settle into narrative “ real time . ”
For all its cheerlessness , the novel is anything but grittily realistic .
Some scenes , such as one in which a character gets out of her bath “ aslide with wintergreen , ” evince an effort to make even these miserable lives picturesque .
But Morrison ’s failure to evoke the period is more the fault of her all - too - contemporary prose style : “ 1682 and Virginia was still a mess . ”
No one likes an archaizer , apart from a million Cormac McCarthy fans , but a novelist writing of the 17th century should at least avoid language that is jarringly inconsistent or out of place .
Reminiscing , the slaves vacillate between would - be-poetic English and an equally improbable sort of Hollywood Injun : “ Shadows of men sat on barrels , then stood .
They said they were told to break we in . ”
Anachronisms abound , from New Age lingo like “ She gives off a bad feeling ” to the dialect of the postbellum South : “ her borning young . ”
We are even told that our Anglo - Dutch trader had “ gone head to head with rich gentry . ”
What , and not drunk their milk shake ?
Reviewed : 18 Mar 2014
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Human Factors International , Inc. , an Iowa corporation ( “ HFI ” ) collects , uses , maintains and discloses information collected from users ( each , a “ User ” ) of its humanfactors.com website and any derivative or affiliated websites on which this Privacy Policy is posted ( collectively , the “ Website ” ) .
HFI reserves the right , at its discretion , to change , modify , add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes to this page .
You understand that you have the affirmative obligation to check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes , and you hereby agree to periodically review this Privacy Policy for such changes .
The continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes an acceptance of those changes .
Cookies
HFI may use “ cookies ” or “ web beacons ” to track how Users use the Website .
A cookie is a piece of software that a web server can store on Users ’ PCs and use to identify Users should they visit the Website again .
Users may adjust their web browser software if they do not wish to accept cookies .
To withdraw your consent after accepting a cookie , delete the cookie from your computer .
Privacy
HFI believes that every User should know how it utilizes the information collected from Users .
The Website is not directed at children under 13 years of age , and HFI does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age online .
Please note that the Website may contain links to other websites .
These linked sites may not be operated or controlled by HFI .
HFI is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other websites , and you access these websites entirely at your own risk .
HFI recommends that you review the privacy practices of any other websites that you choose to visit .
HFI is based , and this website is hosted , in the United States of America .
If User is from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law and User is registering an account on the Website , visiting the Website , purchasing products or services from HFI or the Website , or otherwise using the Website , please note that any personally identifiable information that User provides to HFI will be transferred to the United States .
Any such personally identifiable information provided will be processed and stored in the United States by HFI or a service provider acting on its behalf .
By providing your personally identifiable information , User hereby specifically and expressly consents to such transfer and processing and the uses and disclosures set forth herein .
In the course of its business , HFI may perform expert reviews , usability testing , and other consulting work where personal privacy is a concern .
HFI believes in the importance of protecting personal information , and may use measures to provide this protection , including , but not limited to , using consent forms for participants or “ dummy ” test data .
The Information HFI Collects
Users browsing the Website without registering an account or affirmatively providing personally identifiable information to HFI do so anonymously .
Otherwise , HFI may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways .
Personally identifiable information may include , without limitation , ( i ) contact data ( such as a User ’s name , mailing and e-mail addresses , and phone number ) ; ( ii ) demographic data ( such as a User ’s zip code , age and income ) ; ( iii ) financial information collected to process purchases made from HFI via the Website or otherwise ( such as credit card , debit card or other payment information ) ; ( iv ) other information requested during the account registration process ; and ( v ) other information requested by our service vendors in order to provide their services .
If a User communicates with HFI by e-mail or otherwise , posts messages to any forums , completes online forms , surveys or entries or otherwise interacts with or uses the features on the Website , any information provided in such communications may be collected by HFI .
HFI may also collect information about how Users use the Website , for example , by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Website , or the domains and IP addresses from which Users originate .
While not all of the information that HFI collects from Users is personally identifiable , it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide HFI through the Website or otherwise .
HFI may provide ways that the User can opt out of receiving certain information from HFI .
If the User opts out of certain services , User information may still be collected for those services to which the User elects to subscribe .
For those elected services , this Privacy Policy will apply .
How HFI Uses Information
HFI may use personally identifiable information collected through the Website for the specific purposes for which the information was collected , to process purchases and sales of products or services offered via the Website if any , to contact Users regarding products and services offered by HFI , its parent , subsidiary and other related companies in order to otherwise to enhance Users ’ experience with HFI .
HFI may also use information collected through the Website for research regarding the effectiveness of the Website and the business planning , marketing , advertising and sales efforts of HFI .
HFI does not sell any User information under any circumstances .
Disclosure of Information
HFI may disclose personally identifiable information collected from Users to its parent , subsidiary and other related companies to use the information for the purposes outlined above , as necessary to provide the services offered by HFI and to provide the Website itself , and for the specific purposes for which the information was collected .
HFI may disclose personally identifiable information at the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas , court orders or other legal process , to establish , protect or exercise HFI ’s legal or other rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law .
HFI may disclose personally identifiable information in order to protect the rights , property or safety of a User or any other person .
HFI may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate or prevent a violation by User of any contractual or other relationship with HFI or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity .
HFI may also disclose aggregate , anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners .
Finally , HFI may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information collected from Users in connection with or in contemplation of a sale of its assets or business or a merger , consolidation or other reorganization of its business .
Personal Information as Provided by User
If a User includes such User ’s personally identifiable information as part of the User posting to the Website , such information may be made available to any parties using the Website .
HFI does not edit or otherwise remove such information from User information before it is posted on the Website .
If a User does not wish to have such User ’s personally identifiable information made available in this manner , such User must remove any such information before posting .
HFI is not liable for any damages caused or incurred due to personally identifiable information made available in the foregoing manners .
For example , a User posts on an HFI - administered forum would be considered Personal Information as provided by User and subject to the terms of this section .
Security of Information
Information about Users that is maintained on HFI ’s systems or those of its service providers is protected using industry standard security measures .
However , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable , and HFI cannot guarantee that the information submitted to , maintained on or transmitted from its systems will be completely secure .
HFI is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures relating to the Website by any Users or third parties .
Correcting , Updating , Accessing or Removing Personal Information
If a User ’s personally identifiable information changes , or if a User no longer desires to receive non-account specific information from HFI , HFI will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update and / or remove that User ’s previously - provided personal data .
This can be done by emailing a request to HFI at hfi@humanfactors.com .
Additionally , you may request access to the personally identifiable information as collected by HFI by sending a request to HFI as set forth above .
Please note that in certain circumstances , HFI may not be able to completely remove a User ’s information from its systems .
For example , HFI may retain a User ’s personal information for legitimate business purposes , if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse , for account recovery purposes , if required by law or as retained in HFI ’s data backup systems or cached or archived pages .
All retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which the User has previously agreed .
Contacting HFI
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy , you may contact HFI via any of the following methods :
Human Factors International , Inc .
PO Box 2020
1680 highway 1 , STE 3600
Fairfield IA 52556
hfi@humanfactors.com
( 800 ) 242-4480
[ This account of a recent incident was written by Dana Rucker , and was sent to BicycleLaw.com by Andy Popinski .
Dana Rucker has kindly allowed us to present his story , in his own words , here .
It ’s a great story , and we hope you will enjoy it as much as we did . ]
How do you know it ’s Valentine ’s Day ?
You are shot in the butt … while riding your bike on PCH … except its not an arrow , its a BB gun…and its not Cupid , its a kid in a pick - up truck .
Ok , I ’ll start at the beginning …
This past Saturday , my wife , a few friends , and I set out to do a 45 mile ride in Malibu along PCH .
Around mile 35 , just after we turned around at Las Posas , I felt a sharp pain in my left side .
First , I thought it was a rock kicked up by one of the cars .
But then I noticed the passenger of a passing pick - up truck was yelling and waving what looked to be a pistol , while he laughed and taunted us .
Then I realized that I had been shot with something from that gun .
I turned around and looked at my friend behind me and immediately realized he had been shot as well .
We stopped to make sure we were n’t losing blood and everything was alright .
Thankfully , we just had a few large welts on our behind from what must have been a BB or pellet gun .
And even more thankful that we did n’t panic when we were hit so neither one of us crashed .
We clearly remembered that it was a red Toyota pick - up with a RockStar bumper sticker .
We considered calling 911 but decided against it since no one crashed and we just had a few welts .
But we did want to report it , especially thinking they may be doing this to cyclists up and down the coast .
So we decided to go to the next Park Ranger we see at a beach entrance thinking they will advise us on the appropriate action .
We were quickly informed by the Ranger that they ARE Law Enforcement .
We also come to find out they are very enthusiastic about this as well and put a park ranger who was on the road on alert .
I happened to see that park ranger pull into the park just as we were leaving so I stopped to give him a detailed report and off he went , driving south in search for the truck .
I thought for sure the truck was in Santa Monica by now , though .
Unless they were dumb enough to pull over at one of the beaches and go surfing .
Hmmm…about 5 minutes later , a different ranger pulled up beside me and told me they think they found the truck .
I got in the car with him , leaving my bike with my wife and friend .
Sure enough , they were dumb enough to pull over , park and go surfing .
My friend , who had gone ahead while I was giving the report , had already stopped at the truck and was there with another ranger .
The following is his account of finding the truck … ” About ten miles pass and I approach a favorite surf spot .
Cars are parked all along the road .
I see a red Toyota … this one with Rockstar bumper stickers .
Jackpot !
I stop , look up and whom do I see ?
A very enthusiastic Park Ranger in front of me .
We look in the car and we can see in plain view , the pellets and a bb gun under the seat .
Now beach patrol is involved getting the surfers to come out of the water .
The driver is the first to come out of the water and confesses everything when just asked to verify his identity .
He gives up his friend “ the shooter ” who eventually comes out of the water .
The driver , who owns the two guns found in the car , said his friend has done this many times before .
The shooter does n’t think this is serious because he ’s smiling and chuckling for quite awhile .
And quite frankly , I did n’t think it was that serious either .
I was even wondering if any of the law enforcement were going to take this seriously but I was pleasantly surprised that the Beach Patrol , Park Rangers , LA County and Ventura County Police ALL took this very seriously . ”
The fallout : Both ‘ kids ’ ( ages 18 and 19 ) were booked for 2 felonies – conspiracy to commit a crime and assault with a deadly weapon .
The conspiracy part is because the driver slowed down to let the passenger shoot .
Since both of the truck and our bicycles are considered moving vehicles , and since the BB gun was modified to look like a real gun , the crime becomes a felony .
Our understanding is that they will most likely get the charges reduced to misdemeanor counts if they plead out resulting in a fine , and or , community service .
Both went to jail Saturday and could have been released on bail .
We were told that the parents did n’t post bail , though , possibly so the kids could spend the night in jail to reflect ?
But , as I understand it , if they were n’t out Saturday , they stay would stay through Sunday and Monday due to the holiday .
That ’s a long weekend in jail to reflect and maybe be scared straight .
What ’s to learn ?
Well , I do n’t think kevlar riding shorts would be very practical so please make sure if something like this happens that you report it right away .
I really expected to just have my statement taken and that ’s that , but the response and involvement of the Park Rangers , the Ventura County Sheriffs , and CHP was fast and thorough , resulting in justice .
We thank them and greatly appreciate their efforts .
Dana Rucker
What is the most basic building block for asynchronous message passing ?
I ’ve found the answer in Concurrent Haskell .
Not many people are fluent in Haskell , especially when monads are involved , so MVar s may sound foreign to most .
Not to worry –I ’ll translate them into Java ( as I did with synchronous CML channels in my previous post ) .
An MVar is an object with two methods , put and take .
The sender calls put with a message and continues ( it does n’t block –that ’s why this message - passing model is called “ asynchronous ” ) .
The receiver , in another thread , calls take to remove the message from MVar .
If there is no message , the receiver blocks until there is one .
An MVar can store a maximum of one message , so it ’s an error to call put when there is an unclaimed message inside it .
An MVar can thus be only in one of two states : empty or full .
Here ’s a simple - minded implementation of MVar written in Java .
( A lock - free implementation is possible–and closer to how Haskell implements it –but it ’s harder to reason about . )
public class MVar <T> { private T _obj ; private boolean _full ; public MVar ( ) { _full = false ; } // put : asynchronous ( non-blocking ) // Precondition : MVar must be empty public synchronized void put ( T obj ) { assert ! _full ; assert _obj == null ; _obj = obj ; _full = true ; notify ( ) ; } // take : if empty , blocks until full .
//
Removes the object and switches to empty public synchronized T take ( ) throws InterruptedException { while ( ! _full ) wait ( ) ; // may throw !
T ret = _obj ; _obj = null ; _full = false ; return ret ; } }
You might think that it would be difficult to implement anything useful with MVar s.
After all it looks like a message queue of length one , which bombs when you try to put a second message in .
Yet it is the simplest building block for more sophisticated structures .
It is the atom of asynchronous message passing .
We ’ve seen before how to implement asynchronous message passing using synchronous building blocks by spawning a thread .
Now let ’s see how we can implement a simple synchronous channel variable using asynchronous MVar s. Remember , in a synchronous channel , if there is no receiver already waiting on the other side , a call to send ( or write , in this example ) will block .
The basic channel variable , or a channel of length one , is called a CVar in Haskell , and it contains two MVars , one to store the message , and the other for the acknowledgment .
The acknowledgment MVar does n’t really have to store anything –we are only interested in its state : empty or full .
The reader will acknowledge the receipt of the message by setting it to full .
public class CVar < T> { private MVar < T> _data ; private MVar < Object > _ack ; public CVar ( ) { _data = new MVar <T >( ) ; _ack = new MVar < Object >( ) ; _ack.put ( null ) ; // make _ack full } public void write ( T obj ) throws InterruptedException { _ack.
take ( ) ; // make _ack empty _data.put ( obj ) ; } public T read ( ) throws InterruptedException { T data = _data.take ( ) ; _ack.put ( null ) ; // make _ack full return data ; } }
MVar s can also be used to build a more useful asynchronous buffered channel that can store more than one message at a time .
I will show you the construction , but it ’s far from trivial .
You might notice that it resembles a lot a lock - free FIFO queue ( although I chose to use locks to implement the MVar ) .
As with all lock - free data structures , one has to be very careful when reasoning about their correctness .
I ’ll leave it as an exercise to the reader 😉 .
Item and Stream are mutually recursive data structures forming a linked list .
An Item points to a Stream – the tail of the list .
A Stream is an MVar containing an Item .
You may look at a Stream as a sequence of alternating MVars and Item s. An empty MVar may serve as a sentinel .
class Item < T> { private T _val ; private Stream < T> _tail ; public Item ( T val , Stream < T> tail ) { _val = val ; _tail = tail ; } T value ( ) { return _val ; } Stream < T> tail ( ) { return _tail ; } } //
It 's just a typedef for an MVar that stores an Item class Stream < T > extends MVar < Item < T >> {}
A Channel contains the Stream linked list stored in an MVar , which is called _read because the head of the list is where we read messages .
The other MVar points to the end of the list ( really an empty sentinel Stream ) .
This is the write end of the list .
The methods put and get ( which are not synchronized ! ) perform some intricate manipulations characteristic of lock - free algorithms , making sure that at every step the queue is in a consistent state for concurrent access .
Notice that put will only block if another put is in progress .
Otherwise it ’s asynchronous–there is no waiting for a receiver .
public class Channel < T> { private MVar < Stream <T >> _read ; private MVar < Stream <T >> _write ; public Channel ( ) { _read = new MVar < Stream <T >>( ) ; _write = new MVar < Stream <T >>( ) ; Stream < T> hole = new Stream < T >( ) ; _read.put ( hole ) ; _write.put ( hole ) ; } public void put ( T val ) throws InterruptedException { Stream < T> newHole = new Stream < T >( ) ; Stream < T> oldHole = _write.take ( ) ; _write.put(newHole ) ; oldHole.put ( new Item < T> ( val , newHole ) ) ; } public T get ( ) throws InterruptedException { Stream < T> cts = _read.take ( ) ; Item < T> item = cts.take ( ) ; _read.put(item.tail ( ) ) ; return item.value ( ) ; } }
In the next few installments I ’m planning to talk a little about “ choice ” and then tackle the actor - based message - passing paradigm ( Erlang and Scala ) .
The Pakistan - based handlers of the Mumbai terrorists ordered the murders of civilians over the phone and cheered after hearing the gunfire , according to the dossier of evidence India provided to the Pakistani government .
The documents , obtained by the Indian newspaper The Hindu , provide a cold , calculating , and chilling look at the masterminds behind the late November military - style assault on the Indian financial capital of Mumbai .
More than 170 people were killed and hundreds wounded during the 60 - hour terror spree that shut down the city .
The Lashkar - e - Taiba , a Pakistan - based terror group allied with al Qaeda and supported by powerful elements within Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence agency and the military , carried out the attack .
Six Pakistani handlers monitored the news coverage from Mumbai and kept in constant touch with the terrorists holed up in Nariman House and the Taj Mahal and Trident hotels during the three - day siege .
The handlers are identified as Zarar , Kafa , Wassi , Jundal , Buzurg , and “ Major General . ”
Zarar has been identified as Zarar Shah , the Lashkar - e - Taiba communications expert who set up the network that allowed the Mumbai terrorists to speak with Lashkar - e - Taiba commanders in Pakistan during the attack .
He also served as a key liaison between the terror group and Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence agency .
Zarar is currently in Pakistani custody and has admitted to his role in the Mumbai attacks .
The identities of the other handlers have not been provided , but India has accused elements within Pakistan ’s intelligence service and the military of supporting the attack .
The identification of one handler as “ Major General ” implies the involvement of a current or former military officer .
The Inter - Services Intelligence agency is a branch of the Pakistani military .
The ISI chief and Army corps commanders achieve the rank of Major General or Lieutenant General .
Former ISI chief Hamid Gul .
A senior US military intelligence official familiar with the dossier said that the “ Major General ” is indeed Hamid Gul , the retired former chief of the ISI .
“ It ’s Gul , ” the official told The Long War Journal .
“ This is why the US is trying to get him on the UN list of terrorists . ”
In December 2008 the US attempted to get Hamid Gul and other former military and intelligence officials added to the UN list of designated terrorists but has so far been rebuffed .
The Pakistan - based handlers provided real - time intelligence and directed the terrorists to kill specific hostages .
The exchange between Mumbai terrorists Fahadullah and Abdul Rehman operating at the Trident Hotel and their Pakistani handlers provides a terrifying look at the thinking of the masterminds behind the attack .
The exchange shows they planned and executed the attack for maximum media coverage , ordered the murder of hostages , and cheered after the murders were carried out .
“ Brother Abdul .
The media is comparing your action to 9/11 , ” one unidentified handler said .
“ One senior police official has been killed , ” the handler said , referring to the chief of the Anti-Terrorism Squad killed in an earlier gunfight .
“ We are on the 10th / 11th floor , ” Abdul Rehman responded .
“ We have five hostages . ”
“ Everything is being recorded by the media , ” the handler identified as Kafa told Rehman .
“ Inflict the maximum damage .
Keep fighting .
Do n’t be taken alive . ”
“ Kill all hostages , except the two Muslims , ” the other handler told Rehman and Fahadullah .
“ Keep your phone switched on so that we can hear the gunfire . ”
“ We have three foreigners , including women , ” Fahadullah said .
“ From Singapore and China . ”
“ Kill them , ” the handler said .
According to the dossier , Abdul Rehman and Fahadullah are recorded ordering all of the hostages except for two Muslims to stand in line .
The terrorists then shot and killed the hostages .
The handlers are heard cheering in the background .
Kafa then orders the Trident - based terrorists to “ find the way to go downstairs . ”
In another exchange , also during the early morning of November 27 , one of the terrorists operating from the Taj informed his handler that senior Indian political leaders were in the hotel .
The handler excitedly orders the terrorist to find them .
“ There are three ministers and one secretary of the cabinet in your hotel .
We do n’t know in which room , ” a handler said .
“ Oh !
That is good news , ” a terrorist responded .
“ It is the icing on the cake !
Find those 3 - 4 persons and then get whatever you want from India , ” the handler said .
“ Pray that we find them , ” the terrorist responded .
In a separate call , also to the Taj - based terrorists , the handler reiterates the importance of finding the ministers and orders the terrorists to set the hotel ablaze .
“ Your work is very important , ” the handler said .
“ Allah is helping you .
The wazir ( Indian minister ) should not escape .
Try and set the place on fire . ”
In the early evening of November 27 , the handler identified as Wassi instructs the terrorists at Nariman House to kill the hostages as soon as they become a “ burden ” and hoped to create a diplomatic row between Israel and India .
Nariman House is an orthodox Jewish center .
“ Keep in mind that hostages are of use only as long as you do not come under fire because of their safety , ” Wassi said .
“ If you are still threatened , then do n’t saddle yourself with the burden of the hostages .
Immediately kill them . ”
“ The [ Indian ]
Army claims to have done the work without any hostage being harmed , ” Wassi then said , referring to the commandos deployed to rescue the hostages .
“ Another thing : Israel has made a request through diplomatic channels to save the hostages .
If the hostages are killed , it will spoil relations between India and Israel . ”
“ So be it , God willing , ” one of the terrorist at Nariman House responded .
Click here to read the Indian dossier obtained by The Hindu .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Structural lessons for and from economics
Daron Acemoğlu
The global crisis is a challenge to and an opportunity for the economics profession .
Here one of the profession ’s most innovative thinkers reflects on how and why economists failed to see the crisis coming , what they should tell governments to do about it , and what young economists should be working on to help us avoid future crises .
The global crisis is also a critical opportunity for the discipline of economics – an opportunity to disabuse ourselves of notions we should not have so gullibly accepted .
Notions such as the unqualified support for market deregulation or the dismissal of aggregate volatility now come through as frivolous fads , while abstractions from the institutional foundations of markets seem naïve .
These limitations call for self - analysis and reflection , and hopefully new research by young economists .
The crisis is also an opportunity to identify the most important lessons that remain untarnished by recent events , and to ask whether these lessons provide guidance in current policy debates .
In CEPR Policy Insight No. 28 posted today , I present my views on what intellectual errors have been made and what lessons to draw from them in terms of new theoretical work that is needed .
I also suggest that important lessons from growth and political economy for the current crisis - fighting policy have been underappreciated .
Lessons from our intellectual complaisance
Many of the roots of the crisis are apparent today , but most of us did not recognize them before the crisis .
Three too - quickly - accepted notions impelled us to ignore these impeding problems .
Astute policy and new technologies had ended the era of aggregate volatility .
While the data robustly show a marked decline in aggregate volatility since the 1950s , it is now clear that the end of the business cycle was a myth .
Indeed , the policy and technologies that made the economy more robust against small shocks also made the economy more vulnerable to low - probability " tail " events .
Diversification of idiosyncratic risks creates a multitude of counter - party relationships .
This new and dense pattern of interconnections created potential domino effects among financial institutions , companies , and households .
Massive drops in asset values and the simultaneous insolvencies of many companies highlight that aggregate volatility is part and parcel of the market system .
It is also part of the creative destruction process .
Understanding that such volatility will be with us should redirect our attention towards models that help us interpret the various sources of volatility and delineate which components are associated with the efficient working of markets and which result from avoidable market failures .
The capitalist economy lives in an institutional - less vacuum where markets miraculously monitor opportunistic behaviour .
Free markets are not unregulated markets .
Well - designed institutions and regulation are necessary for the proper functioning of markets .
Institutions have received more attention over the past 15 years , but focus was on understanding why poor nations were poor – not on understanding which institutions are necessary as the basis of markets and for continued prosperity in advanced economies .
We could trust the long - lived large firms to monitor themselves because they had sufficient “ reputational capital ” .
This belief turned out to be false due to two critical difficulties – monitoring must be done by individuals , and reputational monitoring requires that ex post punishment is credible .
Both turned out false .
Individuals may not care about the firm ’s reputational capital , and the scarcity of specific capital and know - how means that the necessary punishments were non-credible .
On the bright side
We can blame ourselves for missing important economic insights and not being more farsighted than policymakers .
We can even blame ourselves for being complicit in the intellectual atmosphere leading up to the current disaster .
But this crisis is also an opportunity .
It has increased the vitality of economics and highlighted several challenging , relevant , and exciting questions .
Bright young economists are unlikely to worry about finding new and relevant questions to work on in the coming decade .
Things we should be telling policymakers
The three mistaken notions do not touch on economic principles that related to long - run growth and political economy .
These principles have played little role in recent academic debates and have been entirely absent in policy debates .
As academic economists , we should remind policymakers of the implications these principles have for current policies .
The first point is that fixing the short - run problem with policies that harm long - run growth is a bad option from a policy and welfare perspective .
Innovation and reallocation are the keys to long - run growth , but potentially powerful groups tend to resist such changes .
In developing nations , it is easy for impoverished populations suffering from adverse shocks and economic crises to turn against the market system and support populist , anti-growth policies .
These threats are as important for advanced economies , particularly in the midst of the current economic crisis .
Stimulus plans that bailout the financial and auto sector will influence innovation and reallocation .
Reallocation may particularly suffer if the stimulus plans lock in factors in low - productivity sectors and activities .
Market signals suggest that labour and capital should be reallocated away from , for example , the Detroit Big Three and highly skilled labour should be reallocated away from the financial industry towards more innovative sectors .
Halted reallocation will also mean halted innovation .
Avoiding the backlash
These concerns are not a sufficient reason for rejecting the stimulus plan , but rather a call to consider its implications for long - run growth .
Decisive action on the crisis is necessary ; not just soften the blow of the recession but also to avoid a backlash that could be deeply harmful to long - run growth .
A deep and long recession raises the risk that consumers and policymakers start believing that free markets are responsible for the economic ills of today .
If so , we could see a move away from the market economy .
The pendulum could swing too far , bypassing properly - regulated free markets , towards heavy government involvement that could threaten future growth prospects of the global economy .
A comprehensive stimulus plan , even with all of its imperfections , is probably the best way of fighting these dangers .
Nevertheless , the details of the stimulus plan should be designed so as to cause minimal disruption to the process of reallocation and innovation .
Sacrificing growth out of our fear of the present would be as severe a mistake as inaction .
The risk that the belief in the capitalist system may collapse should not be dismissed .
A POINT OF VIEW
Getting rich quick - and having much more money than you ever need - will look as pointless as taking bodybuilding too seriously , says Clive James .
This is my last broadcast until my next spell and I 'm in a summing up mood .
I have no New Year resolutions apart from the usual one about tidying my office in case the body of my missing cleaner is lying mummified under that pile of magazines .
But I do feel like making a New Year prediction .
I want to put down a marker that proves I have a grip on world events .
The best way to prove this is to make a prediction that everybody knows has already come true , but that few people are yet ready to admit .
I hereby predict that from now on , starting today , nobody will look good who gets rich quick .
I can predict more than that , in fact .
Even getting rich slowly is going to look silly , if getting rich is the only aim in mind .
Strike a pose Getting rich for its own sake will look as stupid as bodybuilding does at that point when the neck gets thicker than the head , and the thighs and biceps look like four plastic kit - bags full of tofu .
And on the men it looks even worse .
Just before Christmas , as if the collapse of some of the world 's relatively honest financial institutions had not already been unsettling enough , hedge fund boss Bernard Madoff was accused of swindling the world 's smartest investors out of a grand total of $ 50 bn .
How , it was asked , could the world 's smartest investors have fallen for this character ?
The answer , surely , is that they were all like him .
They thought they had found a way of making money out of nothing .
Unfortunately for them , the ineffable Mr Madoff appeared to have found a way of making money out of nothing .
All he allegedly had to do was tell them he had invented something called " a split conversion strategy " and they handed over their money .
Bernard Madoff is due in court in January
But most of them had got their money the same way , by promising vast returns on money from other people who were trying to make money out of nothing .
Many profound articles were written by the financial experts to explain how the whole mad Madoff cycle had been generated , but the question that was never asked is the one that bears most closely on my theme .
What was he going to do with $ 50 bn ?
Too much Back at the start of this series , I raised the issue of what the multibillionaires who owned yachts were hoping to achieve ( see The name 's Bond in the Clive James archive , top right ) .
At best , their ridiculous unarmed battleships , permanently parked in the teeming marina of the sort of city where the world 's well - dressed dimwits gather to gamble at the casino , were described as floating palaces .
Bill Gates got to the point where he started to look for useful ways of giving some of his money away
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View
What kind of numbskull wants a palace that floats , when he could just have a palace , out of whose front door he could stride with some confidence that he would not plunge face - first into the harbour ?
I was really asking a question about what you can do with too much money , and the answer was obvious : never enough .
How much money is too much ?
It 's too much when you 've already got all you could possibly need , and there 's nothing to do with it any more except count it .
There have been some encouraging signs that this elementary realisation has at last begun to dawn .
Bill Gates saw the light early .
Bill Gates , who invented the software which has just given me a picture of Donatella Versace after I pressed the wrong button - wait a second , I certainly do n't want to see any more of that - Bill Gates got to the point where he started to look for useful ways of giving some of his money away .
It was good news for Africa , which needs the kind of well - researched , well - targeted and well - protected money that will go into things like roads and seeds , and not the kind of money that will go into the bank accounts of black leaders as greedily aimless as the kind of white dolts who buy yachts as big as the USS Nimitz .
If there is a tragedy anywhere in the uproarious comedy of the Madoff madness , it lies in the fact that some people who were trying to do what Gates did - assemble a fund that would help the world 's poor - handed the fund to someone who promised to make the fund bigger , who then applied the magic split - conversion double downdraft fiscal disappearance strategy .
So good money vanished that could have helped to build a road that would have carried the equipment to the right spot to build a well that would have watered a field that might have grown the grain that might feed the sort of people who are currently eating their own carpets in Zimbabwe .
A torn Zimbabwe flag
The first thing Zimbabwe will need , of course , after Mr Mugabe finally gets sent off into exile to live in a suite at the top of some nut - job Gulf hotel with an uninterrupted view of 10,000 square miles of desert , is honest government , which is based not only on real elections , but on double - entry bookkeeping .
Worldwide , the mundane but crucial concept of balancing the account books with earned income against genuine expenditure is more likely to become implanted now that all the split - conversion doubletalk is suddenly no longer fashionable .
The upmarket weekend papers have been full of canvassed opinions about what good might come out of the recession but the right answer is already in .
The recession is n't just a wake - up call telling us to get real .
We 've got real .
The good housekeeping seal of approval has returned to power .
It 's the end of an era of silly money .
More for less
The actor George Clooney spends a lot of time on good causes .
He 's famous for it .
You could say that all the publicity he gets for doing it helps to make him even more famous than he is already and that therefore charity is to his advantage , but it would be a mean view .
George Clooney at a charity gala
He could n't make all those interesting little movies we admire him for so much if he did n't make all those uninteresting big movies for which we admire him a little less , so we should forgive him his huge salary .
But already , because of the new mood , it 's getting harder to forgive him for advertising coffee .
If the coffee commercials make him the extra money that he gives away , that must leave the huge salary intact .
Well , yes , he might say , but he has a lot of people on his payroll .
Ladies , I like him too , so I want to believe that it all checks out .
But one thing does n't .
He is n't credible when he tries to sell me coffee .
I just do n't believe that a brand of coffee tastes better because George Clooney drinks it .
He looks silly .
I advertised something myself once .
I made a set of commercials for an Australian telephone company .
The commercials were beautifully shot but the campaign was a total failure , because the competing telephone company was selling a better product cheaper , so nobody believed what I was saying .
I could still use that kind of money even now , but if I tried to get it that way I would expect to be told that I looked silly .
Nicole Kidman looks exactly as if she 's hustling for a buck she does n't need
Matthew McConaughey is doing commercials for a certain fragrance .
I 'm sure the extra money he is making is going to a good cause , but there are two questions that I ask automatically whenever I see those commercials .
The first question is : Who wants to smell like Matthew McConaughey ?
And the second question is , does n't he looks silly ?
Life is harder and shorter for female film stars than it is for male film stars and I 'm sure there are good reasons for Charlize Theron to be the face of a certain fragrance .
She might even sincerely believe in the stuff if it gives her the confidence to wear nothing else except a pair of high heels as she sways away down the corridor into the bedroom , the bare behind of a certain fragrance trailing a subtle cloud of bliss .
But I can only ask : could n't she have just sold her Oscar ?
And does n't she look silly ?
For Nicole Kidman , also , life might be tougher than we think .
A beautiful woman reduced to starring in a film like Australia when she could have negotiated a year 's work painting the Sydney Harbour Bridge with a nailbrush and made a greater dramatic impact might well need extra income , but her commercials for another certain fragrance ask us to believe that it must smell good because she 's wearing it .
If I could be assured that the certain fragrance does n't make Nicole Kidman smell different , but instead smells exactly like Nicole Kidman , I would buy a bottle and drink it .
But otherwise I 'm convinced of nothing except that she looks exactly as if she 's hustling for a buck she does n't need .
Even if she does , is this the way to get it ?
Does n't she look silly ?
Foreign screens
In the old days , the actors did commercials offshore .
Harrison Ford advertised products in Japan on the understanding that the commercials would never be screened in the United States .
He was following the example of Laurence Olivier , who advertised cameras in the US on the understanding that the commercials would never be screened in the UK .
That 's not a yacht , it 's a superyacht
It was agreed , back in the day , that serious artists should not look like hucksters .
Now it is assumed that serious artists look even more serious if they do look like hucksters .
They look bigger , more corporate , more influential .
Or they did until yesterday .
But now it 's today , and it suddenly looks like a fast buck .
It looks off .
Madoff off .
And it looks silly .
We 've reached a turning point .
A madness has gone out of fashion : the madness of behaving as if only too much can be enough .
There will always be another madness , but not that one .
From now on a man will have to be as dumb as an petrodollar potentate to think that anyone will respect him for sitting on a gold toilet in a private jumbo jet .
Excess wealth is gone like the codpiece .
The free market will continue but any respect for the idea of free money is all over .
If you 've got it , flaunt it by all means , but if you have n't earned it , forget about it .
There is n't going to be a change of consciousness , there 's already been one , which is why I can be so confident when I predict it .
Until next time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
YESTERDAY , a former chief at NASA , Dr John S. Theon , slammed the computer models used to determine future climate claiming they are not scientific in part because the modellers have “ resisted making their work transparent so that it can be replicated independently by other scientists ” . [ 1 ]
Today , a founder of the International Journal of Forecasting , Journal of Forecasting , International Institute of Forecasters , and International Symposium on Forecasting , and the author of Long - range Forecasting ( 1978 , 1985 ) , the Principles of Forecasting Handbook , and over 70 papers on forecasting , Dr J. Scott Armstrong , tabled a statement declaring that the forecasting process used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) lacks a scientific basis . [ 2 ]
What these two authorities , Drs Theon and Armstrong , are independently and explicitly stating is that the computer models underpinning the work of many scientific institutions concerned with global warming , including Australia ’s CSIRO , are fundamentally flawed .
In today ’s statement , made with economist Kesten Green , Dr Armstrong provides the following eight reasons as to why the current IPCC computer models lack a scientific basis :
1 . No scientific forecasts of the changes in the Earth ’s climate .
Currently , the only forecasts are those based on the opinions of some scientists .
Computer modeling was used to create scenarios ( i.e. , stories ) to represent the scientists ’ opinions about what might happen .
The models were not intended as forecasting models ( Trenberth 2007 ) and they have not been validated for that purpose .
Since the publication of our paper , no one has provided evidence to refute our claim that there are no scientific forecasts to support global warming .
We conducted an audit of the procedures described in the IPCC report and found that they clearly violated 72 scientific principles of forecasting ( Green and Armstrong 2008 ) .
( No justification was provided for any of these violations . )
For important forecasts , we can see no reason why any principle should be violated .
We draw analogies to flying an aircraft or building a bridge or performing heart surgery — given the potential cost of errors , it is not permissible to violate principles .
2. Improper peer review process .
To our knowledge , papers claiming to forecast global warming have not been subject to peer review by experts in scientific forecasting .
3. Complexity and uncertainty of climate render expert opinions invalid for forecasting .
Expert opinions are an inappropriate forecasting method in situations that involve high complexity and high uncertainty .
This conclusion is based on over eight decades of research .
Armstrong ( 1978 ) provided a review of the evidence and this was supported by Tetlock ’s ( 2005 ) study that involved 82,361 forecasts by 284 experts over two decades .
Long - term climate changes are highly complex due to the many factors that affect climate and to their interactions .
Uncertainty about long - term climate changes is high due to a lack of good knowledge about such things as :
a ) causes of climate change ,
b ) direction , lag time , and effect size of causal factors related to climate change ,
c ) effects of changing temperatures , and
d ) costs and benefits of alternative actions to deal with climate changes ( e.g. , CO2 markets ) .
Given these conditions , expert opinions are not appropriate for long - term climate predictions .
4. Forecasts are needed for the effects of climate change .
Even if it were possible to forecast climate changes , it would still be necessary to forecast the effects of climate changes .
In other words , in what ways might the effects be beneficial or harmful ?
Here again , we have been unable to find any scientific forecasts — as opposed to speculation — despite our appeals for such studies .
We addressed this issue with respect to studies involving the possible classification of polar bears as threatened or endangered ( Armstrong , Green , and Soon 2008 ) .
In our audits of two key papers to support the polar bear listing , 41 principles were clearly violated by the authors of one paper and 61 by the authors of the other .
It is not proper from a scientific or from a practical viewpoint to violate any principles .
Again , there was no sign that the forecasters realized that they were making mistakes .
5 . Forecasts are needed of the costs and benefits of alternative actions that might be taken to combat climate change .
Assuming that climate change could be accurately forecast , it would be necessary to forecast the costs and benefits of actions taken to reduce harmful effects , and to compare the net benefit with other feasible policies including taking no action .
Here again we have been unable to find any scientific forecasts despite our appeals for such studies .
6 . To justify using a climate forecasting model , one would need to test it against a relevant naïve model .
We used the Forecasting Method Selection
Tree to help determine which method is most appropriate for forecasting long - term climate change .
A copy of the Tree is attached as Appendix 1 .
It is drawn from comparative empirical studies from all areas of forecasting .
It suggests that extrapolation is appropriate , and we chose a naïve ( no change ) model as an appropriate benchmark .
A forecasting model should not be used unless it can be shown to provide forecasts that are more accurate than those from this naïve model , as it would otherwise increase error .
In Green , Armstrong and Soon ( 2008 ) , we show that the mean absolute error of 108 naïve forecasts for 50 years in the future was 0.24°C .
7 . The climate system is stable .
To assess stability , we examined the errors from naïve forecasts for up to 100 years into the future .
Using the U.K.
Met Office Hadley Centre ’s data , we started with 1850 and used that year ’s average temperature as our forecast for the next 100 years .
We then calculated the errors for each forecast horizon from 1 to 100 .
We repeated the process using the average temperature in 1851 as our naïve forecast for the next 100 years , and so on .
This “ successive updating ” continued until year 2006 , when we forecasted a single year ahead .
This provided 157 one - year - ahead forecasts , 156 two - year - ahead and so on to 58 100 - year - ahead forecasts .
We then examined how many forecasts were further than 0.5 °C from the observed value .
Fewer than 13 % of forecasts of up to 65 - years - ahead had absolute errors larger than 0.5°C .
For longer horizons , fewer than 33 % had absolute errors larger than 0.5°C .
Given the remarkable stability of global mean temperature , it is unlikely that there would be any practical benefits from a forecasting method that provided more accurate forecasts .
8 . Be conservative and avoid the precautionary principle .
One of the primary scientific principles in forecasting is to be conservative in the darkness of uncertainty .
This principle also argues for the use of the naive no -change extrapolation .
Some have argued for the precautionary principle as a way to be conservative .
It is a political , not a scientific principle .
As we explain in our essay in Appendix 2 , it is actually an anti-scientific principle in that it attempts to make decisions without using rational analyses .
Instead , cost / benefit analyses are appropriate given the available evidence which suggests that temperature is just as likely to go up as down .
However , these analyses should be supported by scientific forecasts .
The reach of these models is extraordinary , for example , the CSIRO models are currently being used in Australia to determine water allocations for farmers and to justify the need for an Emissions Trading Scheme ( ETS ) – the most far - reaching of possible economic interventions .
Yet , according to Dr Armstrong , these same models violate 72 scientific principles .
********************
1. Marc Morano , James Hansen ’s Former NASA Supervisor Declares Himself a Skeptic , January 27,2009 .
http://epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Minority.Blogs&ContentRecord_id=1a5e6e32-802a-23ad-40ed-ecd53cd3d320
2. “ Analysis of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ’s Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for Greenhouse Gases ” , Drs. J. Scott Armstrong and Kesten C. Green a statement prepared for US Senator Inhofe for an analysis of the US EPA ’s proposed policies for greenhouse gases .
http://theclimatebet.com
The picture of the clouds and sea framing a small island , was taken off the coast of Sulawesi , Indonesia , by Eric Ness in 2007 .
Published online 10 February 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/457772b
News
Leiden researchers launch legal challenge over sackings .
The Year of Darwin has got off to a bad start in the Netherlands , where a national reorganization of university budgets has led Leiden University to sack its classical evolutionary - biology staff .
" There will be no one left who can teach natural selection , " says population ecologist Jacques van Alphen , one of half a dozen tenured professors who will lose their jobs on 1 March .
Some technicians and postdocs will also be fired .
The scientists are challenging the legality of the dismissals in court , and have launched a petition that has been signed by more than 3,000 researchers worldwide .
They claim that their jobs have been eliminated in favour of jobs in molecular biology .
Around 30 faculty members will remain on the staff at the university 's Institute of Biology .
Like all universities in the Netherlands , Leiden is experiencing the consequences of a decision by science minister Ronald Plasterk , a former molecular geneticist , to introduce greater competition in the scientific community .
Jacques van Alphen 's job is one of those due to go .
J. van Alphen
Last September , the government decided to transfer € 100 million ( US $ 130 million ) of its budget for universities to the NWO , the Dutch granting agency , for distribution through national competition .
The sudden shortfall has meant that universities with little financial buffering , such as Leiden , are having to cut into their own flesh .
Leiden found itself with a shortfall of € 10 million — € 2.5 million of which it passed on to the Institute of Biology .
Mathematician Sjoerd Verduyn Lunel , dean of natural sciences , says the institute considered carefully where it would trim .
" We applied the same criteria for identifying where to make the cuts as the government uses to fund the universities , " he says .
The list of criteria includes factors such as the numbers of students and income from competitive grants .
“ There will be no one left who can teach natural selection . ”
The molecular biosciences have been more successful in attracting grants than evolutionary biology at Leiden , Verduyn Lunel says .
" It is a sad situation , but if you have a government strategy to increase quality through competition , how else can you implement it ?
There has been a growing discrepancy in evolutionary biology over the past few years which everyone knew about . "
Jobs in molecular evolution and ecology have survived the cuts involved in the Leiden decision .
The dismissed evolutionary biologists point out that the University of Groningen is the only other centre in the country that teaches traditional evolutionary biology .
" What 's happening in Leiden is a real pity , " says Serge Daan , dean of science at Groningen , which has been able to absorb most of the cutbacks passed on from the NWO decision .
" In biology you need an integrative approach — students need to understand how things operate on the functional , population level as well as the molecular level . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Isabelle Olivieri , a population biologist at the University of Montpellier in France and president of the European Society for Evolutionary Biology , sees the fate of the Leiden scientists as a sign of more widely fading political support .
She points out that the French National Research Agency has recently substituted a proposed national research programme on general evolutionary biology with one focused on biodiversity and conservation .
" There is little focus on the important middle ground between this and molecular evolution , which by its nature does not bring much money into universities , " says Olivieri .
The Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences has also voiced its concern about the Leiden decision .
[ Note for Readers :
To listen to a TomDispatch audio interview with journalist Anand Gopal about the difficulties involved in reporting from Afghanistan , click here . ]
Just when the Obama presidency - to - be was revving up to introduce its new national security " team " and reformulate U.S. policy in Afghanistan and the Pakistani border regions , the Afghan War ratcheted up a notch -- and not because there was another missile strike from an American drone aircraft in the Pakistani tribal borderlands , or because yet more civilians died in U.S. military operations , or even because attacks by " the Taliban " rose yet again to new heights .
No , that ratcheting up occurred in Mumbai , India , where the planners of the murderous rampage by a crew of Kashmiri militants decided that stirring up a good old face - off between the two edgy nuclear powers of the subcontinent would be advantageous .
A precision operation that managed to slaughter just about anyone in sight ( including Indian Muslims ) now threatens to change the nature of the Afghan War , heat up the conflict in Kashmir , and embroil the region in an even wider catastrophe , ending a period of easing tensions between India and Pakistan .
Already Pakistan is threatening to transfer up to 100,000 troops from the borderlands with Afghanistan to the Indian border .
As Paul Woodward of the War in Context website wrote , " [ W ] hat we witnessed was a major move on President - elect Obama 's chessboard of foreign policy even before he'd had a chance to lay a finger on any of the pieces . "
Tony Karon caught the essence of the larger political moment this way : " Provoking India would not only realign the interests of the Pakistani military and the Islamists , it would threaten U.S. efforts to reorient the Pakistani military towards domestic counterinsurgency , and to broker a deeper rapprochement with India -- a development U.S. analysts believe is key to resolving the conflict in Afghanistan . "
In other words , the already expanding war in Afghanistan -- American supply routes through the Khyber Pass , for instance , have recently been endangered -- just expanded a little ( or possibly a lot ) more .
It 's a sobering reminder of a world that may be beyond the control of any national security team .
And even as this occurs , what we here know about " the other side " in Afghanistan , generally known as " the Taliban , " is modest indeed .
Fortunately , Anand Gopal , a correspondent for the Christian Science Monitor , offers his second vividly reported post for TomDispatch , an on - the - ground look at who the Taliban -- " a slippery movement that morphs from district to district " -- really are .
This timely piece represents a joint project of TomDispatch.com and the Nation Magazine , where a shorter version appears in print .
Tom
If there is an exact location marking the West 's failures in Afghanistan , it is the modest police checkpoint that sits on the main highway 20 minutes south of Kabul .
The post signals the edge of the capital , a city of spectacular tension , blast walls , and standstill traffic .
Beyond this point , Kabul 's gritty , low - slung buildings and narrow streets give way to a vast plain of serene farmland hemmed in by sandy mountains .
In this valley in Logar province , the American - backed government of Afghanistan no longer exists .
Instead of government officials , men in muddied black turbans with assault rifles slung over their shoulders patrol the highway , checking for thieves and " spies . "
The charred carcass of a tanker , meant to deliver fuel to international forces further south , sits belly up on the roadside .
The police say they do n't dare enter these districts , especially at night when the guerrillas rule the roads .
In some parts of the country 's south and east , these insurgents have even set up their own government , which they call the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan ( the name of the former Taliban government ) .
They mete out justice in makeshift Sharia courts .
They settle land disputes between villagers .
They dictate the curricula in schools .
Just three years ago , the central government still controlled the provinces near Kabul .
But years of mismanagement , rampant criminality , and mounting civilian casualties have led to a spectacular resurgence of the Taliban and other related groups .
Today , the Islamic Emirate enjoys de facto control in large parts of the country 's south and east .
According to ACBAR , an umbrella organization representing more than 100 aid agencies , insurgent attacks have increased by 50 % over the past year .
Foreign soldiers are now dying at a higher rate here than in Iraq .
The burgeoning disaster is prompting the Afghan government of President Hamid Karzai and international players to speak openly of negotiations with sections of the insurgency .
The New Nationalist Taliban
Who exactly are the Afghan insurgents ?
Every suicide attack and kidnapping is usually attributed to " the Taliban . "
In reality , however , the insurgency is far from monolithic .
There are the shadowy , kohl - eyed mullahs and head - bobbing religious students , of course , but there are also erudite university students , poor , illiterate farmers , and veteran anti-Soviet commanders .
The movement is a mélange of nationalists , Islamists , and bandits that fall uneasily into three or four main factions .
The factions themselves are made up of competing commanders with differing ideologies and strategies , who nonetheless agree on one essential goal : kicking out the foreigners .
It was n't always this way .
When U.S. - led forces toppled the Taliban government in November 2001 , Afghans celebrated the downfall of a reviled and discredited regime .
" We felt like dancing in the streets , " one Kabuli told me .
As U.S. - backed forces marched into Kabul , the Afghan capital , remnants of the old Taliban regime split into three groups .
The first , including many Kabul - based bureaucrats and functionaries , simply surrendered to the Americans ; some even joined the Karzai government .
The second , comprised of the movement 's senior leadership , including its leader Mullah Omar , fled across the border into Pakistan , where they remain to this day .
The third and largest group -- foot soldiers , local commanders , and provincial officials -- quietly melted into the landscape , returning to their farms and villages to wait and see which way the wind blew .
Meanwhile , the country was being carved up by warlords and criminals .
On the brand - new highway connecting Kabul to Kandahar and Herat , built with millions of Washington 's dollars , well - organized groups of bandits would regularly terrorize travelers .
" [ Once ] , thirty , maybe fifty criminals , some in police uniforms , stopped our bus and shot [ out ] our windows , " Muhammadullah , the owner of a bus company that regularly uses the route , told me .
" They searched our vehicle and stole everything from everyone . "
Criminal syndicates , often with government connections , organized kidnapping sprees in urban centers like the former Taliban stronghold of Kandahar city .
Often , those few who were caught would simply be released after the right palms were greased .
Onto this landscape of violence and criminality rode the Taliban again , promising law and order .
The exiled leadership , based in Quetta , Pakistan , began reactivating its networks of fighters who had blended into the country 's villages .
They resurrected relationships with Pashtun tribes .
( The insurgents , historically a predominantly Pashtun movement , still have very little influence among other Afghan minority ethnic groups like the Tajiks and Hezaras . )
With funds from wealthy Arab donors and training from the ISI , the Pakistani intelligence apparatus , they were able to bring weapons and expertise into Pashtun villages .
In one village after another , they drove out the remaining minority of government sympathizers through intimidation and assassination .
Then they won over the majority with promises of security and efficiency .
The guerrillas implemented a harsh version of Sharia law , cutting off the hands of thieves and shooting adulterers .
They were brutal , but they were also incorruptible .
Justice no longer went to the highest bidder .
" There 's no crime any more , unlike before , " said Abdul Halim , who lives in a district under Taliban control .
The insurgents conscripted fighters from the villages they operated in , often paying them $ 200 a month -- more than double the typical police salary .
They adjudicated disputes between tribes and between landowners .
They protected poppy fields from the eradication attempts of the central government and foreign armies -- a move that won them the support of poor farmers whose only stable income came from poppy cultivation .
Areas under insurgent control were consigned to having neither reconstruction nor social services , but for rural villagers who had seen much foreign intervention and little economic progress under the Karzai government , this was hardly new .
At the same time , the Taliban 's ideology began to undergo a transformation .
" We are fighting to free our country from foreign domination , " Taliban spokesman Qari Yousef Ahmadi told me over the phone .
" The Indians fought for their independence against the British .
Even the Americans once waged an insurgency to free their own country . "
This emerging nationalistic streak appealed to Pashtun villagers growing weary of the American and NATO presence .
The insurgents are also fighting to install a version of Sharia law in the country .
Nonetheless , the famously puritanical guerrillas have moderated some of their most extreme doctrines , at least in principle .
Last year , for instance , Mullah Omar issued an edict declaring music and parties -- banned in the Taliban 's previous incarnation -- permissible .
Some Taliban commanders have even started accepting the idea of girls ' education .
Certain hard - line leaders like the one - legged Mullah Daddullah , a man of legendary brutality ( whose beheading binges at times reportedly proved too much even for Mullah Omar ) were killed by international forces .
Meanwhile , a more pragmatic leadership started taking the reins .
U.S. intelligence officers believe that day - to - day leadership of the movement is now actually in the hands of the politically savvy Mullah Brehadar , while Mullah Omar retains a largely figurehead position .
Brehadar may be behind the push to moderate the movement 's message in order to win greater support .
Even at the local level , some provincial Taliban officials are tempering older - style Taliban policies in order to win local hearts and minds .
Three months ago in a district in Ghazni province , for instance , the insurgents ordered all schools closed .
When tribal elders appealed to the Taliban 's ruling religious council in the area , the religious judges reversed the decision and reopened the schools .
However , not all field commanders follow the injunctions against banning music and parties .
In many Taliban - controlled districts such amusements are still outlawed , which points to the movement 's decentralized nature .
Local commanders often set their own policies and initiate attacks without direct orders from the Taliban leadership .
The result is a slippery movement that morphs from district to district .
In some Taliban - controlled districts of Ghazni province , an Afghan caught working for a non-governmental organization ( NGO ) would meet certain death .
In parts of neighboring Wardak province , however , where the insurgents are said to be more educated and understand the need for development , local NGOs can function with the guerrillas ' permission .
The " Other " Talibans
Never short of guns and guerrillas , Afghanistan has proven fertile ground for a whole host of insurgent groups in addition to the Taliban .
Naqibullah , a university student with a sparse beard who spoke in soft , measured tones , was not quite 30 when we met .
We were in the backseat of a parked dusty Corolla on a pockmarked road near Kabul University , where he studied medicine .
Naqibullah ( his nom de guerre ) and his friends at the university are members of Hizb - i - Islami , an insurgent group led by warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and allied to the Taliban .
His circle of friends meet regularly in the university 's dorm rooms , discussing politics and watching DVD videos of recent attacks .
Over the past year , his circle has shrunk : Sadiq was arrested while attempting a suicide bombing .
Wasim was killed when he tried to assemble a bomb at home .
Fouad killed himself in a successful suicide attack on a U.S. base .
" The Americans have their B - 52s , " Naqibullah explained .
" Suicide attacks are our versions of B - 52s . "
Like his friends , Naqibullah , too , had considered the possibility of becoming a " B - 52 . "
" But it would kill too many civilians , " he told me .
Besides , he had plans to use his education .
He said , " I want to teach the uneducated Taliban . "
For years Hizb - i - Islami fighters have had a reputation for being more educated and worldly than their Taliban counterparts , who are often illiterate farmers .
Their leader , Hekmatyar , studied engineering at Kabul University in the 1970s , where he made a name of a sort for himself by hurling acid in the faces of unveiled women .
He established Hizb - i- Islami to counter growing Soviet influence in the country and , in the 1980s , his organization became one of the most extreme fundamentalist parties as well as the leading group fighting the Soviet occupation .
Ruthless , powerful , and anti-communist , Hekmatyar proved a capable ally for Washington , which funneled millions of dollars and tons of weapons through the Pakistani ISI to his forces .
After the Soviet withdrawal , Hekmatyar and the other mujahedeen commanders turned their guns on each other , unleashing a devastating civil war from which Kabul , in particular , has yet to recover .
One - legged Afghans , crippled by Hekmatyar 's rockets , still roam the city 's streets .
However , he was unable to capture the capital and his Pakistani backers eventually abandoned him for a new , even more extreme Islamist force rising in the south : the Taliban .
Most Hizb - i- Islami commanders defected to the Taliban and Hekmatyar fled in disgrace to Iran , losing much of his support in the process .
He remained in such low standing that he was among the few warlords not offered a place in the U.S. - backed government that formed after 2001 .
This , after a fashion , was his good luck .
When that government faltered , he found himself thrust back into the role of insurgent leader , where , playing on local frustrations in Pashtun communities just as the Taliban has , he slowly resurrected Hizb - i - Islami .
Today , the group is one of the fastest growing insurgent outfits in the country , according to Antonio Giustozzi , Afghan insurgency expert at the London School of Economics .
Hizb - i- Islami maintains a strong presence in the provinces near Kabul and Pashtun pockets in the country 's north and northeast .
It assisted in a complex assassination attempt on President Karzai last spring and was behind a high - profile ambush that killed ten NATO soldiers this summer .
Its guerrillas fight under the Taliban banner , although independently and with a separate command structure .
Like the Taliban , its leaders see their task as restoring Afghan sovereignty as well as establishing an Islamic state in Afghanistan .
Naqibullah explained , " The U.S. installed a puppet regime here .
It was an affront to Islam , an injustice that all Afghans should rise up against . "
The independent Islamic state that Hizb - i - Islami is fighting for would undoubtedly have Hekmatyar , not Mullah Omar , in command .
But as during the anti-Soviet jihad , the settling of scores is largely being left to the future .
The Pakistani Nexus
Blowback abounds in Afghanistan .
Erstwhile CIA hand Jalaluddin Haqqani heads yet a third insurgent network , this one based in Afghanistan 's eastern border regions .
During the anti-Soviet war , the U.S. gave Haqqani , now considered by many to be Washington 's most redoubtable foe , millions of dollars , anti-aircraft missiles , and even tanks .
Officials in Washington were so enamored with him that former congressman Charlie Wilson once called him " goodness personified . "
Haqqani was an early advocate of the " Afghan Arabs , " who , in the 1980s , flocked to Pakistan to join the jihad against the Soviet Union .
He ran training camps for them and later developed close ties to al - Qaeda , which developed out of Afghan - Arab networks towards the end of the anti-Soviet war .
After the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the U.S. tried desperately to bring him over to its side .
However , Haqqani claimed that he could n't countenance a foreign presence on Afghan soil and once again took up arms , aided by his longtime benefactors in Pakistan 's ISI .
He is said to have introduced suicide bombing to Afghanistan , a tactic unheard of there before 2001 .
Western intelligence officials pin the blame for most of the spectacular attacks in recent memory -- a massive car bomb that ripped apart the Indian embassy in July , for example -- on the Haqqani network , not the Taliban .
The Haqqanis command the lion 's share of foreign fighters operating in the country and tend to be even more extreme than their Taliban counterparts .
Unlike most of the Taliban and Hizb - i - Islami , elements of the Haqqani network work closely with al - Qaeda .
The network 's leadership is most likely based in Waziristan , in the Pakistani tribal areas , where it enjoys ISI protection .
Pakistan extends support to the Haqqanis on the understanding that the network will keep its holy war within Afghanistan 's borders .
Such agreements are necessary because , in recent years , Pakistan 's longstanding policy of aiding Islamic militant groups has plunged the country into a devastating war within its own borders .
As Taliban and al - Qaeda remnants trickled into Pakistan after the fall of the Taliban government in 2001 , Islamabad signed on to the Bush administration 's Global War on Terror .
It was a profitable venture : Washington delivered billions of dollars in aid and advanced weaponry to Pakistan 's military government , all the while looking the other way as dictator Pervez Musharraf increased his vise - like grip on the country .
In return , Islamabad targeted al - Qaeda militants , every few months parading a captured " high - ranking " leader before the news cameras , while leaving the Taliban leadership on its territory untouched .
While the Pakistani military establishment never completely eradicated al - Qaeda -- doing so might have stanched the flow of aid -- it kept up just enough pressure so that the Arab militants declared war on the government .
By 2004 , the Pakistani army had entered the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , a semi-autonomous region populated by Pashtun tribes ( where al - Qaeda fighters had taken refuge ) , in force for the first time in an attempt to root out the foreign militants .
Over the next few years , repeated Pakistani army incursions , along with a growing number of U.S. missile strikes ( which sometimes killed civilians ) , enraged the local tribal populations .
Small , tribal - based groups calling themselves " the Taliban " began to emerge ; by 2007 , there were at least 27 such groups active in the Pakistani borderlands .
The guerrillas soon won control of areas in such tribal districts as North and South Waziristan , and began to act like a version of the 1990s Taliban redux : they banned music , beat liquor store owners , and prevented girls from attending school .
While remaining independent of the Afghan Taliban , they also wholeheartedly supported them .
By the end of 2007 , the various Pakistani Taliban groups had merged into a single outfit , the Tehrik - i- Taliban , under the command of an enigmatic 30 - something guerrilla -- Baitullah Mehsud .
Pakistani authorities blame Mehsud 's group , usually referred to simply as the " Pakistani Taliban , " for a string of major attacks , including the assassination of Benazir Bhutto .
Mehsud and his allies have strong links to al - Qaeda and continue to wage an on - again , off - again war against the Pakistani military .
At the same time , some members of the Pakistani Taliban have filtered across the border to join their Afghan counterparts in the fight against the Americans .
Tehrik - i- Taliban proved surprisingly powerful , regularly routing Pakistani army units whose foot soldiers were loathe to fight their fellow countrymen .
But almost as soon as Tehrik had emerged , fissures appeared .
Not all Pakistani Taliban commanders were convinced of the efficacy of fighting a two - front war .
Part of the movement , calling itself the " Local Taliban , " adopted a different strategy , avoiding battles with the Pakistani military .
In addition , a significant number of other Pakistani militant groups -- including many trained by the ISI to fight in Indian Kashmir -- now operate in the Pakistani borderlands , where they abstain from fighting the Pakistani government and focus their fire on the Americans in , or American supply lines into , Afghanistan .
The result of all this is a twisted skein of alliances and ceasefires in which Pakistan is fighting a war against al - Qaeda and one section of the Pakistani Taliban , while leaving another section , as well as other independent militant groups , free to go about their business .
That business includes crossing the border into Afghanistan , where the Pakistani Taliban , al - Qaeda , and independent fighters from the tribal regions and elsewhere add to the mix that has produced what one Western intelligence official terms a " rainbow coalition " arrayed against U.S. troops .
Living in a World of War
Despite such foreign connections , the Afghan rebellion remains mostly a homegrown affair .
Foreign fighters -- especially al - Qaeda -- have little ideological influence on most of the insurgency , and most Afghans keep their distance from such outsiders .
" Sometimes groups of foreigners speaking different languages walk past , " Ghazni resident Fazel Wali recalls .
" We never talk to them and they do n't talk to us . "
Al - Qaeda 's vision of global jihad does n't resonate in the rugged highlands and windswept deserts of southern Afghanistan .
Instead , the major concern throughout much of the country is intensely local : personal safety .
In a world of endless war , with a predatory government , roving bandits , and Hellfire missiles , support goes to those who can bring security .
In recent months , one of the most dangerous activities in Afghanistan has also been one of its most celebratory : the large , festive wedding parties that Afghans love so much .
U.S. forces bombed such a party in July , killing 47 .
Then , in November , warplanes hit another wedding party , killing around 40 .
A couple of weeks later they hit an engagement party , killing three .
" We are starting to think that we should n't go out in large numbers or have public weddings , " Abdullah Wali told me .
Wali lives in a district of Ghazni Province where the insurgents have outlawed music and dance at such wedding parties .
It 's an austere life , but that does n't stop Wali from wanting them back in power .
Bland weddings , it seems , are better than no weddings at all .
Anand Gopal writes frequently about Afghanistan , Pakistan , and the " War on Terror . "
He is a correspondent for the Christian Science Monitor based in Afghanistan .
For more of his information and dispatches from the region , visit his website .
This piece appears in print in the latest issue of the Nation Magazine .
To listen to a TomDispatch audio interview with Gopal about the difficulties involved in reporting from Afghanistan , click here .
Copyright 2008 Anand Gopal
Police stage ' raid ' on Commons office of another Tory MP
' Disgraceful ' : MP Daniel Kawczynski
A Tory MP claims police entered his House of Commons office last night without a warrant and demanded to see constituency correspondence .
Daniel Kawczynski said he was informed by his office about the police raid as he was due to make a speech in a Commons debate .
Raising a point of order in Parliament last night , he said : ' To my great embarrassment and eternal shame , I was so weak I handed over the letter they demanded .
' They were already present in my office and I went down to see them after making my speech .
They said they were investigating an important case with regards to correspondence that had been sent to ministers and wanted to see handwriting samples of writing that people had written to me .
' I was extremely appalled that the officer can behave in this way , to enter a Member of Parliament 's office with no warrant and to demand constituency correspondence .'
In November , Tory MP Damian Green was arrested and four addresses linked to him , including his office in the Commons , searched under anti-terror laws .
The Speaker of the House , Michael Martin , said that such an event would not happen again without a warrant .
Mr Kawczynski said he would ' have to live with ' his decision to hand over the letter demanded by the police .
The Shrewsbury and Atcham MP told Deputy Commons Speaker Sir Michael Lord : ' After everything that has happened to Mr Green , I find it disgraceful that this is happening and I urge you to investigate . '
Tory MP Tobias Ellwood demanded that Home Secretary Jacqui Smith make a statement to MPs about the matter .
' It is clear this is a shocking event , ' he said , adding that assurances given in the wake of Mr Green 's arrest had not been honoured .
That incident followed a complaint to police about the leaking from the Home Office of a series of stories embarrassing to the Government .
The Speaker subsequently accused police of entering the Commons without a search warrant .
It later emerged that police secretly recorded Mr Green 's reactions when they arrested him .
Scotland Yard last night issued a fierce rebuttal of Mr Kawczynski's allegations and insisted that no search had been conducted and that officers had attended the MP 's office by appointment .
Insiders Pose New Threats
In Down Economy
Instances of theft and malicious attack are rising with employee discontent .
What can your organization do to stop them ?
Rene Rebollo was strapped for cash .
One day , while working in his office at the Pasadena branch of Countrywide Home Loan , he noticed one computer in the building whose USB port had n't been disabled by the company 's IT department .
Then , according to FBI affidavits , Rebollo got an idea .
Every Sunday night for approximately two years , Rebollo went over to that workstation and downloaded confidential data on as many as 20,000 Countrywide customers to a small USB drive that he could carry out of the office in his pocket .
He then sold the valuable data for as little as $ 500 to an accomplice , who fenced it .
Over the two - year period , Rebollo may have sold as many as 2 million records , according to some estimates .
Rebollo 's case , which caused a nationwide stir and a huge black eye to Countrywide , was highly publicized but hardly unique , experts say .
In fact , as the global economy worsens and employees become more fearful of layoffs and financial distress , there already is an increasing incidence of insider sabotage , espionage , and theft .
In a report scheduled for release later today , IBM 's ISS X - Force research team will reveal that it has detected a 30 percent increase in network and Web - based security events in the past 120 days , with the total number rising from 1.8 billion per day to more than 2.5 billion worldwide .
The researchers attribute a significant portion of the uptick to insider activity motivated by economic fear .
" Unlike a ' quick firing , ' tens of thousands of employees are readying themselves for the eventuality of losing their jobs -- and no doubt a high percentage of them [ will be ] ' disgruntled , ' " said IBM security expert Gunter Ollmann in a blog earlier this year .
" In today 's computer - based work environment , with a little planning and forethought , a disgruntled employee can do a lot of damage with little fear of being caught and prosecuted . "
And employees are becoming more and more willing to do just that , according to a study released earlier this week by Cyber - Ark Software .
According to the study , 56 percent of workers surveyed admit to being worried about losing their jobs .
" Alarmingly , in preparation , more than half have already downloaded competitive corporate data and plan to use the information as a negotiating tool to secure their next post , " the study says .
In Holland , 71 percent of workers confessed to having already downloaded data ; 58 percent of U.S. workers say they have done so .
When confronted with the prospect of layoffs , 71 percent of the employees surveyed declared they would definitely take company data with them to their next employer , Cyber - Ark says .
" Top of the list of desirable information is the customer and contact databases , with plans and proposals , product information , and access / password codes all proving popular choices , " the study says .
Such surveys offer a frightening view of what 's going through employees ' minds in the face of economic strife .
But are these insider attacks really happening ?
" Absolutely , " says Kevin Rowney , founder of the data loss prevention ( DLP ) unit at Symantec , formerly known as Vontu .
" Every day we 're stopping more and more of these sorts of events -- many more than we saw before the downturn .
It 's a sad fact that rates of employee fraud rise in a down economy . "
Most of the economically motivated insider attacks are not particularly sophisticated or even well - thought - out , Rowney says .
" In general , these are crimes of passion committed by employees who are angry or scared , " he explains .
" These are not people who are sophisticated in IT , developing super - sneaky ways of stealing or sabotaging data without being detected .
They 're people who are under pressure , or who are mad and seeking vengeance , and they make a large cluster of bad decisions .
In most cases , these are fairly obvious activities that can easily be detected if you have the right tools in place . "
But what are the right tools for mitigating the growing insider threat ?
The most obvious answer is DLP , which has become synonymous with insider threat prevention in the past year or so .
Virtually every major security vendor -- including EMC / RSA , IBM , McAfee , and Symantec -- has developed a DLP strategy , mostly through technologies they 've acquired from smaller vendors .
The strength of DLP is its ability to discover user - defined sensitive data , and then apply policies for protecting it .
" The biggest problem for most companies is that they do n't know where all of their sensitive data might be , " says Katie Curtin - Mestre , director of product marketing at RSA .
" We 've seen clients that think they have only one instance of a database , and then through the discovery process , they find that there are 18 unauthorized copies of the data spread around the enterprise .
These companies are in no position to leverage policies and controls because they do n't know where the data is . "
" What DLP allows you to do is to set high - level policies that can be applied quickly and uniformly across the enterprise , " adds Rich Mogull , founder and principal analyst at Securosis , a security consulting firm .
" It lets you take sensitive accounting data and say , ' If you 're not in accounting , you can't access this data . '
It 's a simple concept , but it 's something that companies really have n't been able to do before . "
Most companies implement DLP by identifying their most sensitive information -- the kind of data that could damage the business if it leaked out -- and then using DLP to discover that data and build controls around it , Rowney says .
By constructing policies and defenses that are based on data content -- rather than infrastructure , such as servers or applications " companies have a better chance of keeping their most valuable data out of the hands of disgruntled or newly - terminated employees .
" In times like these , no large enterprise should go through a RIF without some sort of content - aware technology in place , " Rowney says .
But even most DLP vendors concede that DLP technology alone may not catch all of the potential threats posed by angry or avaricious employees .
DLP systems can't detect employees who photocopy sensitive documents , for example , or use their cell phones to take pictures of documents or computer screens .
" There 's no silver bullet for this stuff , " says Curtin - Mestre .
" The super - devious are probably going to get away with it . "
But Rowney argues that most disgruntled employees are n't thinking that clearly .
" In most cases , they 're going to use the systems they know , and the ones that are most efficient , " he says .
" Photocopiers and cameras are n't a high - bandwidth means of theft . "
DLP may help protect the company 's most sensitive data , but it does n't necessarily close off all avenues of access , some experts noted .
Kurt Johnson , vice president of corporate development at identity management technology vendor Courion , pointed out that many companies suffer from poor access administration , leaving themselves open to insider theft or sabotage by failing to terminate accounts and passwords that are no longer needed .
" In a recent engagement we did , we discovered about 50,000 user IDs , but 15,000 of them were orphaned accounts that belonged to business partners and ex-employees , " Johnson recalled .
" We 've seen instances where temporary seasonal employees were brought back the next year , and they were immediately able to get back into the system " their accounts had never been turned off . "
Such lax account administration can wreak havoc in a mass layoff , such as those seen recently at large financial institutions , where employees may have access privileges to many systems and applications that all need to be turned off simultaneously , Johnson observed .
" It 's a nightmare for the IT organization , particularly if they do n't have a comprehensive system that tracks all of their IDs and accounts , " he says .
" They may think they 've shut down all the accounts , but they have n't . "
To eliminate these vulnerabilities , enterprises may need a combination of identity management tools and DLP , experts said .
The joining of these two technologies may be accelerated significantly with the integration of Microsoft 's identity management tools and RSA 's DLP technology , which is being announced today .
Aside from identity management and DLP , many enterprises are taking a renewed interest in employee monitoring technologies , such as NetVizor , StaffCop , and St. Bernard , as well as log analysis , anomaly detection , and behaviour monitoring tools that detect unusual patterns of system usage or large volumes of data downloads .
" Realistically , it 's going to take a combination of DLP with other defense in - depth tools to really get a handle on the insider threat , " says Curtin - Mestre . " [ At RSA ] , we 're combining DLP with security information and event management , which can alert the security team of anomalies and unusual behaviour while it 's happening . "
Companies are making some progress in reducing the insider threat , according to the Cyber - Ark survey .
Seventy - one percent of users in the UK believe it 's becoming harder to take sensitive information out of the company , and 46 percent of respondents in Holland agreed .
Yet in the US , the message still is n't getting through -- only 38 percent of respondents said they find it difficult to sneak information away from the company .
" The damage that insiders can do should not be underestimated , " says Adam Bosnian , vice president of products , strategy and sales at Cyber - Ark .
" With a faltering economy resulting in increased jobs cuts , deferred promotions and additional stress , companies need to be especially vigilant about protecting their most sensitive data against nervous or disgruntled employees . "
Tim Wilson is Editor in Chief and co-founder of Dark Reading.com , UBM Tech 's online community for information security professionals .
He is responsible for managing the site , assigning and editing content , and writing breaking news stories .
Wilson has been recognized as one ... View Full Bio
by Sunder Katwala
Dear Mr Dacre ,
I was disappointed to read reported in today ’s Daily Mail that the newspaper regards it as a mistake to consider that the children or grandchildren of immigrants are British , but rather would classify us as “ second or third generation immigrants ” .
although the figures from the Government ’s Office for National Statistics show an increase in numbers of foreign born people they still fail to record the true impact of immigration because they record their children as British rather than second or third generation immigrants .
I hope that your proposed reclassification of Prince Charles , Prince William and Prince Harry as not British , as second and third generation immigrants descended from the foreign - born Phillip , will not distress them too much .
But it does seem most ungrateful , when Winston Churchill was voted ‘ greatest Briton ’ , to now strip him of that status because he had an American mother .
( However strongly your newspaper disagreed with Churchill ’s criticisms of appeasement in the 1930s , is n’t it now time to let bygones be bygones ? )
Perhaps you could let us know who the Daily Mail thinks is truly British .
I can see you probably think it is too late for my children – as “ third generation immigrants ” , currently aged under 3 – but perhaps there might be a tip or two they could pass on to their descendants .
So , given our shared interests in integration and citizenship , it would be terribly kind if you might let us know whether there is anything that those of us who were born here as British citizens could ever do so as to become British in your eyes .
Yours sincerely ,
Sunder Katwala
Pierre Joseph Proudhon ( 1809 - 1865 ) was born on a 15th January and died on a 19th January so that these days we can mark either the anniversary of his birth or his death .
Proudhon along with Karl Marx ( 1818 - 1883 ) are the two great writers of social progress in the 19th century .
While Marx wrote a good deal of heavy Germanic prose which is difficult to wade through , he penned one great text with Friedrich Engels ( 1820 - 1895 )
The Communist Manifesto “ A spectre is haunting Europe – the spectre of Communism .
All the powers of old Europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this spectre : Pope and Czar , Metternich and Guizot , French Radicals and German police - spies . ”
And ending with the oft - repeated battle cry “ The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains .
They have a world to win .
Workers of all countries , unite ! ” Proudhon was also a prolific writer and his writings are not much easier to wade through .
He was self - taught .
Coming from a poor family , he did not go beyond grade school before he became an apprentice to a printer .
There , he taught himself but always kept a rough if popular style in contrast to Marx who was university - educated and who from a young age participated in Berlin intellectual circles .
There is no single text of Proudhon to compare with The Communist Manifesto , though two men influenced by Proudhon , Michel Bakounine ( 1814 - 1876 ) and Peter Kropotkine ( 1842-1921 ) were fine writers .
Kropotkin ’s Mutual Aid ( 1902 ) is well worth reading today .
Proudhon ’s late work Du Principe Fédéralif ( On Federalism ) ( 1860 ) is his most lasting and most important work .
In it he develops his major themes : justice , liberty , equality , and the need to develop autonomous communities tied to each other by contracts , thus forming a federation .
However , unlike other forms of federalist thinking which sees a link between organized territorial units ( states ) , Proudhon saw the need for links between many different types of units : towns , factories , workshops , cooperatives .
With such links among productive units , there would be less need for political governments , especially not centralized governments .
It is this fear of centralized government and centralizing institutions such as the Catholic Church , which has led some to claim Proudhon as an ‘ anarchist ’ .
Anarchist in the sense of ‘ no government ’ would be an incorrect reading of Proudhon .
Rather Proudhon can be best described as a ‘ pluralist ’ holding that freedom of thought and expression , freedom of communication and movement will usually be better served in small , decentralized and voluntarily - federated communities rather than in the system of state nationalism growing in his day .
Thus , Proudhon was opposed to the process of the unification of Italy .
See his La guerre et la paix ( War and Peace ) of 1859 .
Most European liberals supported the unification of Italy as a sign of progress replacing the despotic city - states , the large Papal holdings and the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
But Proudhon was anti-centralization , opposing French Jacobin thought , which had been the centralizing party during the French Revolutionary period .
Proudhon admired the defeated Girondin who held to decentralization and local liberties .
Proudhon ’s emphasis on federalism among economic units and not only political units had an influence on what in French thought is called the ‘ integral federalism ’ of such men as Robert Aron ( no relation to the better known political sociologist Raymond Aron ) , Alexandre Marc , and Denis de Rougemont .
See the useful overview by Jean - Louis Loubet del Bayle Les Non-Conformistes des années 30 .
( Paris : Le Seuil , 1969 ) .
It is , however , Proudhon as the pioneer of the concept of ‘ civil society ’ and the efforts of linking ‘ Europe from Below ’ that I would like to stress for the contemporary importance of Proudhon .
Much of the thinking of ‘ Europe from Below ’ grew from efforts to bridge the East - West divide of Europe and to limit the dangers of war from the mid-1970s to the end of the 1980s .
As Mary Kalder writes in Mary Kaldor ( ed. ) Europe from Below ( London : Verso ; 1991 ) “ Ten years ago , a group of us launched the European Nuclear Disarmament ( END ) Appeal for a nuclear - free Europe .
The Appeal attracted thousands of signatures from all over Europe and beyond , and was one of the mobilizing documents of the new peace movement which sprang up in Western Europe in the early 1980s .
The Appeal called for nuclear disarmament through unilateral , bilateral and multilateral means , but it was also an appeal to end the Cold War .
It accorded responsibility for the Cold War to both the United States and the Soviet Union , and insisted on the link between disarmament and democracy . ”
As Vaclav Havel writes in the same collection of essays “ We emphasized many times that the struggle we had taken on had little in common with what is traditionally understood by the expression ‘ politics ’ .
We discussed such concepts as non-political politics , and stressed that we were interested in certain values and principles and not in power and position .
We emphasized the importance of the spirit , the importance of truth , and said that even spirit and truth embody a certain kind of power . ”
‘ Non-political politics ’ would be a useful term to describe Proudhon ’s ideas , as would be ‘ civil society ’ as set out by Ernest Gallner in his Conditions of Liberty : Civil Society and its Rivals ( London : Penguin Books , 1996 ) “ Civil Society is the idea of institutional and ideological pluralism , which prevents the establishment of monopoly of power and truth , and counterbalances those central institutions which , though necessary , might otherwise acquire such monopoly .
The actual practice of Marxism had led , wherever it came to be implemented , to what might be called Caesaro - Papism - Mammonism , to the near - total fusion of the political , ideological and economic hierarchies .
The state , the church - party and the economic managers were all parts of one single nomenklatura … Civil Society is that set of diverse non-governmental institutions which is strong enough to counterbalance the state and , while not preventing the state from fulfilling its role of keeper of the peace and arbitrator between major interests , can nevertheless prevent it from dominating and atomizing the rest of society . ”
The concept of civil society comes directly from Proudhon even if he is not always quoted .
The concept of ‘ civil society ’ is probably the platform for future progressive action .
What makes Proudhon still a pioneer is that he saw that his concepts of federalism -‘ civil society ’ networks could not exist only within the territorial limits of an existing state but had to be trans-national , thus creating the base for a decentralized European society .
anarchist Property+is +theft Pierre - Joseph +Proudhon
There 's only one woundbegone.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
By Laura Miller
The government will be forced to publish two reviews into the controversial ID card system after a four year battle to keep them secret , a judgement published today reveals .
The government has fought publication of the independent ' Gateway ' reviews in which assessors reported on the progress and likely success of an ID system expected to cost the taxpayer £ 4.5 billion .
But in one of the longest running FOI battles with the government , some campaigners are sceptical about the impact of the judgement .
Michael Parker , spokesperson for NO2ID , a UK campaign group opposing the planned cards , told politics.co.uk : " [ The Information Tribunal ] has been saying this for four years .
Until I actually see it I do n't believe it . "
The Information Tribunal , which deals with appeals against FOI rulings , ordered both reports be disclosed within 28 days , although it allowed the names of contributors to the reports to be withheld .
From their inception , ID cards , with fingerprint and facial details , have been criticised by civil liberties campaigners who argue they infringe upon basic human rights by destroying privacy .
" I 'm not sure we 've moved on , " said Mr Parker .
" But we 've waited four years , we can wait another 28 days . "
The cost of rolling out the system is another issue which has angered opponents of the cards .
As well as the £ 4.5 billion implementation cost , taxpayers are set to foot a bill of up to £ 250,000 a year for a new national identity scheme commissioner , who will receive a six - figure salary and a gold - plated pension , it was reported earlier this month .
On the spiralling cost of the ID cards Chris Huhne , Liberal Democrat shadow home secretary , said : " The Government is increasingly realising that its ID card scheme is a laminated poll tax with all the same toxic ability to make it unpopular . "
" Ministers would win more plaudits if they did not drag their feet on their legal obligations . "
As early as 2006 ministers admitted spending £ 32 million on preparation for the introduction of ID cards , before parliament had even approved of the measures .
The figures issued by Charles Clarke , then home secretary , in a Commons written answer , showed spending on the scheme had reached £ 63,000 a day by February 2006 .
The ID card programme has been dogged with problems .
Last November Britain 's first ID cards could not be read by any official body because the government had not issued a single scanner .
The absolutely gorgeous “ Superman ” beauty Kate Bosworth is on the cover of the new issue of Tank magazine .
Kate Bosworth was born in Los Angeles , California , to Patricia ( Potter ) , a homemaker , and Harold Bosworth , who was an executive for Talbots .
Unlike the characters Bosworth has portrayed in television and in film , which are known as “ townies ” , Kate spent most of her childhood in different cities and states .
At age 6 , she and her parents moved to San Francisco , then to Connecticut at 9 , and to Cohasset , Massachusetts , at 14 .
It was at 14 that Kate , a champion equestrian , learned of a casting call for a movie about horses .
Although Kate attended the open audition in New York for the Robert Redford film The Horse Whisperer ( 1998 ) simply in hopes of getting the experience of what it was like to audition for a movie role , she won the role of the female lead ’s best friend and the chance to work with director / star Robert Redford .
Her previous acting experience had consisted of singing at county fairs in California and acting in a community theatre production of “ Annie ” .
However , since landing the movie role , Kate seemed to be in more sound stages than ranches .
Fearful that an early career would rob her of her childhood , she took 18 months off to live a normal life before opting to plunge into acting again .
In 2000 , she landed the role of the bratty sister in the feature film The Newcomers ( 2000 ) and the part of a football co-captain ’s girlfriend in the Denzel Washington movie Remember the Titans ( 2000 ) .
Throughout high school , Kate maintained academic excellence and was an honor roll student and a member of National Honor Society .
In her spare time , she has volunteered with various non-profit organizations , including a Los Angeles program for physically challenged children who learn to ride horses with assistance .
See more photos next page
Photographs by : Todd Cole
Related Articles :
[ digg- reddit- me ]
He must have had a bad experience with Club Med .
Military.com reports that :
Rep. Peter King , R - N.Y. , who led a group of congressmen to Guantanamo , told the New York Post the facility was like a Club Med for terrorists .
Club Med ?
The most reasonable explanation is that Congressman Pete King ( my congressman and likely 2010 Republican Senate candidate ) was treated very badly at this resort chain , and I ’ve contacted Club Med inquiring about this .
If Pete King is saying that Club Med is like Guantanamo , he is apparently alleging that they have treated their guests similar to how the prisoners at Guantanamo were treated .
So , what types of things happen at Club Med , according to Pete King ?
Here ’s a few examples :
Captives at Guantánamo
Bay were chained hand and foot in a fetal position to the floor for 18 hours or more , urinating and defecating on themselves , an FBI report has revealed .
The Guardian .
Spc. Sean D. Baker , 38 , was assaulted in January 2003 [ at Guantanamo Bay ] after he volunteered to wear an orange jumpsuit and portray an uncooperative detainee .
Baker said the MPs , who were told that he was an unruly detainee who had assaulted an American sergeant , inflicted a beating that resulted in a traumatic brain injury …
[ Pentagon ] officials conceded that he was treated for injuries suffered when a five - man MP “ internal reaction force ” choked him , slammed his head several times against a concrete floor and sprayed him with pepper gas …
As he was being choked and beaten , Baker said , he screamed a code word , “ red , ” and shouted : “ I ’m a U.S. soldier !
I ’m a U.S. soldier ! ”
He said the beating continued until the jumpsuit was yanked down during the struggle , revealing his military uniform .
The Los Angeles Times .
The top Bush administration official in charge of deciding whether to bring Guantanamo Bay detainees to trial has concluded that the U.S. military tortured a Saudi national who allegedly planned to participate in the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , interrogating him with techniques that included sustained isolation , sleep deprivation , nudity and prolonged exposure to cold , leaving him in a “ life - threatening condition . ”
“ We tortured [ Mohammed al - ] Qahtani , ” said Susan J. Crawford , in her first interview since being named convening authority of military commissions …
Bob Woodward in the Washington Post .
The International Committee of the Red Cross has charged in confidential reports to the United States government that the American military has intentionally used psychological and sometimes physical coercion “ tantamount to torture ” on prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
The New York Times .
Then there ’s the fact that Khadr claims to have confessed under torture .
Videos of him weeping during an interrogation surfaced last year and served only to remind the world that he was a teenager confined at Guantanamo among “ the worst of the worst . ”
Khadr was allegedly shackled in stress positions until he urinated on himself , then covered with pine solvent and used as a “ human mop ” to clean his own urine .
He was beaten , nearly suffocated , beset by attack dogs , and threatened with rape .
In May 2008 , the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in Canada v. Khadr that the detention of Khadr at Guantanamo Bay “ constituted a clear violation of fundamental human rights protected by international law … ”
We need to start to make amends for the fact that children in our custody were tortured .
Dahlia Lithwick in Slate .
Mohammed al - Qahtani , detainee No. 063 , was forced to wear a bra .
He had a thong placed on his head .
He was massaged by a female interrogator who straddled him like a lap dancer .
He was told that his mother and sisters were whores .
He was told that other detainees knew he was gay .
He was forced to dance with a male interrogator .
He was strip - searched in front of women .
He was led on a leash and forced to perform dog tricks .
He was doused with water .
He was prevented from praying .
He was forced to watch as an interrogator squatted over his Koran .
That much is known .
These details were among the findings of the U.S. Army ’s investigation of al - Qahtani ’s aggressive interrogation at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba …
[ Later h]e was interrogated for 18 to 20 hours per day [ using coercive rather than sexually humiliating methods , including waterboarding , stress positions , sleep deprivation , and extreme temperatures ] , for 48 of the next 54 days , according to an Army investigative report .
On Dec. 7 , 2002 , he had to be revived at the detainee hospital when his heart rate fell to 35 beats per minute , according to a log of the interrogation published by Time magazine .
Then the interrogation continued .
FBI agents at Guantanamo joined the opposition .
A Nov. 27 FBI “ legal analysis , ” since reported by Newsweek , labeled several parts of the plan as “ coercive interrogation techniques which are not permitted by the U.S. Constitution . ”
It also warned that several of the proposed tactics could constitute torture , depending on how a judge viewed the intent of the interrogator .
MSNBC .
Clearly , if Club Med is anything like Guantanamo is , it should be investigated for torture , prisoner abuse , child abuse , and various violations of international treaties .
I ’m awaiting a response from Morgan E. Painvin , Club Med ’s listed press contact , as to whether Pete King has any substantiation for his apparent allegations of torture and human rights abuses at Club Med .
An alternate and plausible explanation would be that Pete King has been involved in sadomasochism for too long and that it has warped his sense of pleasure and pain .
Of course , it ’s brave of a suburban politician to admit such a fetish .
So I must commend him for his honesty if this is his way of coming out .
I ’m not sure I can think of any other reasonable explanations for this statement by Congressman King without calling him delusional , a liar , incredibly ignorant , or a propagandist .
[ Photo licensed under Creative Commons courtesy of Ed your don . ]
Like Loading ...
Weekend bushfires in Australia that killed 173 people are a climate change wake - up call for the public and politicians and a window to the future , experts said on Tuesday .
With the death toll still growing from the nation 's deadliest fires , some analysts say the sheer scale of the tragedy might prompt industry to back - off calls to weaken the government 's emissions targets or delay a carbon - trading scheme set for 2010 .
" What the bushfires might do is suck the oxygen out of the debate .
I think public awareness has been focused now on climate change again .
We knew what the scientists had predicted and we 've actually seen it in action , " said Matthew Clarke of Deakin University in Melbourne .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" It may be very difficult for those who want weaker carbon reduction scheme targets or those who want to see it delayed to put those arguments into the public sphere .
The atmosphere might be more hostile to those arguments , " said Clarke , associate professor at the School of International and Political Studies .
The fires tore through communities on the outskirts of Melbourne , fuelled by heatwave conditions and strong winds .
Melbourne 's temperature on Saturday hit 46.4 degrees Celsius ( 115.5 degrees Fahrenheit ) , a record for the city .
The Australian government released a policy document , or White Paper , in December outlining its plans for carbon trading as part of its strategy to fight climate change .
Under the scheme , the government set a target to cut carbon emissions by 5 percent in 2020 from 2000 levels and 15 percent if there is global agreement at the end of this year on a broader pact to fight climate change .
But the Greens , citing the fires and severe flooding in northern Australia , are calling for tougher targets .
The Greens and two independents hold the balance of power in the Senate and the government of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is expected to face a tough time getting the emissions trading legislation passed by the Upper House later this year .
BIG AGENDA
Industry and particularly big coal - fired power generation firms , say the trading scheme will be too costly .
The liquefied natural gas industry , which earns billion of dollars in exports , has said the scheme could force them to move offshore .
" Climate Change is a big agenda that should be considered in its own space and it would be irresponsible to find cover for a climate change argument in the bushfires , " Heather Ridout , Chief Executive of the Australian Industry Group , told Reuters in a statement .
Some analysts say the fires were predictable and that climate scientists have been warning for years about Australia 's vulnerability to rising temperatures and declining rainfall across much of the nation 's south .
" I would compare this current bushfire event to one of the ghosts in Dickens ' Christmas Carol that visits Scrooge and showed him what his future would be like if he did n't change his ways , " said professor Barry Brook , director of the Research Institute for Climate Change and Sustainability at the University of Adelaide .
" The government should be taking an international leadership role .
They are not listening to the ghost whispering in their ear saying this is your future , " said Brook , who called for an emissions cut target of 40 percent by 2020 if there is a global climate agreement .
" The real danger in the White Paper is not the 5 percent target , it 's the 15 percent target .
So that 's what the Greens should be advocating , changing the international negotiating target and make it as hard as possible . "
But there was also a risk to investors if the government kept changing the targets because of financial or climate shocks .
" The fundamental flaw with the policy of the White Paper is that it 's a political compromise , not a clear plan .
And a political compromise will be blown in the wind , depending on what shock comes along , " said leading climate change policy analyst Warwick McKibbin .
" It 's very important to have a clear , transparent plan that builds constituencies and clarity about the future so that when something comes along , the policy does n't fall over , " said McKibbin , executive director of the Centre for Applied Macroeconomic Analysis in Canberra .
A trojan that affects OSX is being circulated within pirated software earning the name the “ Pirate Trojan ” .
This is a trojan that first showed up in pirated copies of OSX called iWork09 Trojan .
Pirated versions of Adobe Photoshop currently in circulation are the latest carriers of the Trojan .
The attack had previously been limited to pirated copies of Apple ’s iWork suite .
The trojan disguises itself as part of the application ’s installer package .
Once installed on a system , the malware launches a “ back door ” program which allows an attacker to remotely access a targeted system .
This strategy has been used for years in pirated Windows software .
“ The Attack could indicate a new phase of malware activity within the MacOS X World . ” said Pedro Bueno from McAfee in a recent blog post .
He also wrote “ Before this we saw mostly lame malware for Mac OSX , but the iWork09 Trojan represents a new element to Mac Trojans , sophistication ” .
The trojan has peer to peer - like characteristics and even encrypts its traffic .
It looks like regular traffic going in and out of the infected machine .
Be careful when running installing any software .
Make sure it ’s from a good source .
This week 's report that Iran had found " spy pigeons " near one of its nuclear faculties looked ridiculous .
The very idea of using pigeons for intelligence gathering is obviously crazy .
But is it crazy enough to be true ?
Attaching instrumentation to pigeons easier than you might think .
Beatriz de Costa attracted attention in 2006 when she started using instrumented pigeons for air quality monitoring in California .
The birds are equipped with GPS and a stripped - down mobile phone and camera as well as a device to measure air pollution , and send back data via SMS texting – they have their own blog .
( Da Costa is an Associate Professor at the University of California , Irvine " Departments of Studio Art , Electrical Engineering and Computer Science " and described as an " interdisciplinary researcher and artist . " )
De Costa is using commercially available hardware ; intelligence agencies can probably get the same capability in a much smaller package .
Pigeons have long been used by intelligence agencies because they can get a message through when no other means will work .
The Iraqis reportedly used pigeons in the 1991 Gulf War as a means of circumventing radio jamming ; the Swiss Army did not terminate their carrier pigeon program until 1994 .
Da Costa was actually inspired by German engineer Julius Neubronner who experimented with camera carrying pigeons in 1903 – an idea apparently later taken up by German Military Intelligence .
( The U.S. military used pigeons until 1957 , long enough for pigeon - based equipment to be given its own communications system designation , such as AN / CBQ - 1 for the " Air- transportable Pigeon Loft & Message Center . "
Some pigeons won medals for their services ; the bird Cher Ami earned the Croix de Guerre for saving the lives of many U.S. soldiers during World War I. Britain 's PDSA animal welfare organization awarded the Dickin medal " for conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty " to 32 pigeons over the years . )
Pigeons are still useful in the modern age .
Earlier this year , criminals were found to be using carrier pigeons to smuggle drugs and mobile phonesinto a prison in Marilia in Brazil .
Kidnap gangs in Iraq reportedly used pigeons to collect ransom .
What about intelligence agencies ?
Back in the 1960's , the CIA experimented with " Acoustic Kitty , " a cat wired up to record conversations .
And just last year , Chinese scientists reported having implanted electrodes in a pigeon 's brain " so they can command it to fly right or left or up or down . "
Darpa has performed similar experiments with sharks .
So perhaps a GPS - enabled pigeon might be guided to a specific location .
Though bizarre , expensive and not very practical , pigeon spies may well be possible .
But you have to look at more prosaic explanations , too .
Racing pigeons are popular in Iran .
There are several native breeds , collectively known as Iranian Highflying Tumblers , that are bred for endurance and aerobatic somersaulting .
So a pigeon with a metal ring on its leg – like this week 's alleged spy bird – should not just be such an extraordinary sight .
Perhaps the Iranians will copy the approach used by British counterintelligence during WWII .
The Army Pigeon Service Special Section employed two peregrine falcons to intercept pigeons released by German spies with some success .
And you thought the spy pigeons were fiction …
[ Photo : NASM ]
End of the world predictions 12 Failed end - of - the - world
predictions for 1990 - 1994 Sponsored link .
Overview : Some Christians and secular individuals predicted several momentous events that they believed are related :
The second coming of Jesus Christ , when he returns to earth after almost two millennia . '
The war of Armageddon -- a massive battle in Israel . '
The arrival on earth of the Antichrist , an evil political , military leader . '
The Tribulation , a seven year interval of great suffering and death .
'
The Rapture , when Christians who have been born again -- both living and dead -- will rise into the sky towards Jesus . '
Some horrendous natural disaster . ' etc. '
It is worth noting that all of the following predictions have failed .
We expect that predictions being made today about our future will also fail .
Disclaimer :
We offer no guarantees that the prophets listed below actually made these predictions .
We have described their alleged predictions as they were reported on the Web , in newspapers , books , etc .
We do not have the resources to track down original source material .
Sponsored link : Failed prophecies - 1990 to 1994 : About 1990 : Peter Ruckman concluded from his analysis of the Bible that the rapture would come within a few years of 1990 .
Early 1990's : In 1992 , David Koresh led the Students of the Seven Seals ( a.k.a. Branch Davidian ) group in Waco Texas .
He changed the name of their commune from Mt. Carmel to Ranch Apocalypse , because of his belief that the final all - encompassing battle of Armageddon mentioned in the Bible would start at the Branch Davidian compound .
They had calculated that the end would occur in 1995 .
After a 51 - day standoff , on 1993 - APR - 10 , 76 members died as a result of a fire deliberately set by the Branch Davidians .
1990 - APR - 23 : Elizabeth Clare Prophet , leader of the Church Universal and Triumphant made a series of statements that many members believed indicated the start of nuclear war on this date .
At least 2,000 followers traveled to Montana to take refuge in CUT 's fallout shelters on the night of 1990 - MAR - 15 .
Some had quit jobs and run up large debts in anticipation of the apocalypse , Nothing happened .
Church officials later said that the event had been a drill .
1
1991 : Mother Shipton , a 16th century mystic predicted the end of the world : " ... The world to an end shall come ; in nineteen hundred and ninety - one . "
1991 : C.M. Edwards reported that he regularly receives messages from God .
One series in mid-1991 predicted a heavy judgment for the U.S. 1991 - SEP would bring extreme devastation to the mid-west .
One message stated , in part : " Before the close of this year you shall see My signs - true signs of My coming . "
1 Interestingly , although the messages allegedly come from God , Edwards retains the copyright .
1992 - OCT - 28 : Lee Jang Rim , a Korean Christian pastor , taught that the Rapture would occur on this date , at 10:00 AM EST .
It did n't happen ; many of his followers allegedly committed suicide .
1993 : Benny Hinn , an Assemblies of God pastor from Florida predicted that the rapture would come in 1993 .
He also said that God would destroy all homosexuals by 1995 at the latest .
A millennial new religious movement in the Ukraine predicted the end of the world would happen in 1993 - NOV .
3
1993 - NOV - 11 : The 1993 - JUL - 20 issue of the Weekly World News contained an article titled " Doomsday Asteroids . "
Top scientists allegedly wrote a top - secret document which revealed that M - 167 , a known asteroid , would hit the earth on NOV - 11 and perhaps end all life on earth .
The M series of astronomical objects were catalogued by Messier : M - 1 is the crab nebula ; M - 31 is the Andromeda galaxy ; M - 45 are the Pleiades .
There is no M object with a number higher than M - 110 .
1993 to 1997 : Rulon Jeffs was spokesperson for the The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , a Mormon polygamist splinter group .
In 1993 , he allegedly told high school graduates to not attend college .
The reasoning was that the world would end before they could finish .
The splinter group was founded in 1929 and was excommunicated from the Salt Lake City - based Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints because of their promotion of polygyny .
1994 , approximately :
There have been continual reports that Jesus and Mary have been appearing in Conyers , GA on the 13th of every month to deliver a message to Nancy Fowler , a homemaker and nurse .
Over 1 million pilgrims have visited her prayer site .
On 1994 - FEB - 6 , Jesus is recorded as saying : " Conflicts will turn into wars .... Then so will the earth tremble in many places .
The earth will divide .
The earth will divide and take away your riches .
Some of you will die suddenly .
You will have no warning ... The clock continues to tick .
The hour is rapidly approaching when one disaster after another will befall you .
There will be fighting everywhere .
There will be famine and polluted water in many places . "
Unfortunately , no specific dates were given for these occurrences .
4
1994 : A major , though unofficial , Jehovah 's Witness prediction date .
1994 - SEP : Harold Camping , president of Family Radio predicted on his radio programs that the end of the world would happen sometime between 1994 - SEP - 5 and SEP - 27 .
He said that he did not know the precise day because Matthew 24:36 of the Christian Scriptures says that " no man knows the day nor the hour . "
He interpreted a reference in John 21:1 - 14 to the disciples being 200 cubits from the shore in the Sea of Galilee as meaning that there would be 2,000 years between the birth and the second coming of Jesus .
He estimates that Jesus was born on 0007 - OCT - 4 BCE .
5 References : " Elizabeth Clare Prophet , leader of sect that predicted nuclear Armageddon dies at 70 , " ReligionNewsBlog , 2009 - OCT - 17 , at : http://www.religionnewsblog.com/
C.M. Edwards , " Heavy judgment coming to the U.S.A. , " at : http://www.geocities.com/
Peter Levenda , " Unholy Alliance : A history of Nazi involvement with the occult , " Continuum , ( 2003 ) , Page 284 .
Appearances of Jesus and Mary in Conyers , GA , are described at : http://www.conyers.org/
Edmund D. Cohen , " Harold Camping and the Stillborn Apocalypse . "
Free Inquiry 15 ( Winter 1995 ) , Pages 35 - 40 .
Back copies of Free Inquiry can be ordered at : http://www.secularhumanism.org/
Site navigation : Home page > >
Religious conflict >
World end > here
or Home page >
Religious information >
World end > here Copyright © 1997 to 2009 by Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance
Last update : 2009 - OCT -17
Compiled by B.A. Robinson
Sponsored link
Go to the previous page , or to the end of the world menu , or choose :
Web ReligiousTolerance.org
Page Translator :
This page translator works on Firefox ,
Opera , Chrome , and Safari browsers only
After translating , click on the " show
original " button at the top of this
page to restore page to English .
Kinky Friedman wants Dems ’ help if he runs for governor Kinky Friedman may run for governor again
Humorist says Democratic campaign would be no laughing matter
Kinky Friedman , shown in Austin in 2006 , finished in fourth place in the governor 's race that year .
Kinky Friedman , shown in Austin in 2006 , finished in fourth place in the governor 's race that year .
Photo : DELCIA LOPEZ , SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS -NEWS Photo : DELCIA LOPEZ , SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS - NEWS Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Kinky Friedman wants Dems ’ help if he runs for governor 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
AUSTIN — Humorist and author Kinky Friedman may run for Texas governor again , but if he does , he says he ’s serious this time .
First , he ’d run with the help of a major party — the Democrats — instead of launching an independent campaign like he did in 2006 .
Friedman told the Associated Press on Tuesday he learned some hard lessons from his fourth - place defeat to Republican Rick Perry in a race with three political veterans .
He said he found out he could n’t win as an independent and that he should n’t crack so many jokes .
“ I ’m toning down the one - liners a bit .
If I run , it ’s going to be a serious run , ” said Friedman , peppering the interview with one - liners .
Friedman noted that Democratic comedian Al Franken did well in his U.S. Senate race in Minnesota , though his victory is still being debated in court .
“ So this can be done , ” Friedman said .
Having failed on his first attempt , Friedman said , he knows better how to win should he decide to run again .
And that means running under the banner of a major party because of the obstacles that independent candidates in the state face , he said .
“ I ’ve been through the baptism of fire and until you ’ve been an independent you do n’t really know what that is , ” he said .
Then he quipped , “ I ’ve said before that a ticket of Jesus Christ and Willie Nelson , you know , would not win in Texas if it ran as an independent .
I do n’t think it can be done here .
I ’m glad I did it .
I tried it . ”
He said he ’s been a Democrat all his life — though “ not the kind of Democrat that goose - steps to the polling box ” — and that he likes the direction the state party is taking .
Democrats can win the state ’s highest office if they pull in what he calls grass - roots voters and small - town Texans , Friedman said .
He considers rural support one of his strengths .
“ I certainly like the way the Democratic Party is moving in Texas .
I think the past four years it ’s kind of transformed itself into a more populist ... it ’s in a populist direction .
In other words , I think they ’re moving toward Barbara Jordan and Ann Richards and ( commentator ) Molly Ivins ...
That kind of thing , ” he said .
As he did many times in 2006 , he criticized the Perry administration of being beholden to corporate interests .
He said if he runs it will be as a “ man of the people . ”
Friedman said he wants to provide more support for teachers , improve health care coverage for Texans and abolish the death penalty .
“ I do tend to ride to the left of the herd on most issues , ” he said .
Friedman said he has been actively talking to Democrats in the Legislature and elsewhere and encouraged any party members to call him .
He ’s getting positive responses so far , he said .
“ I ’m not a shy little bugger .
I do n’t mind getting out there , ” Friedman said .
He said he would have to make his decision on running soon .
“ It ’s not a done deal that I ’m going to run at all . ”
The Republican primary battle between Perry and U.S. Sen .
Kay Bailey Hutchison seems to have Democrats fearful about committing to a run for governor , he said .
Friedman said the Hutchison - Perry matchup “ is sucking all the oxygen out of the room , but fortunately Texas is a very big room .
... I think the numbers are definitely in our favor . ”
On Tuesday , the Fort Worth Star - Telegram reported that former Ambassador Tom Schieffer is also considering a run for Texas governor as a Democrat .
Schieffer served as ambassador to Australia and Japan under President George W. Bush .
The newspaper also quoted a Democratic strategist as saying state Sen. Leticia Van de Putte , of San Antonio , may run in the Democratic primary .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
My wife and I never fight about money .
I used to claim this was because we keep separate finances , but now I know it 's because we share similar financial goals and dreams .
Even during those years I was deep in debt , I never did anything that might jeopardize our financial future .
Our shared vision has helped us to maintain a successful marriage .
We 're not alone , however .
Writing in last Wednesday 's New York Times , Tara Siegel Bernard says that the key to wedded bliss just might be marrying someone who shares your attitudes about money .
Today , while most of us marry for romantic reasons , marriage at its core is still a financial union .
So much of what we want — or do n't want — out of life boils down to dollars and cents , whether it's how hard we choose to work , how much we consume or how much we save .
For some people , it 's working 80 - hour weeks to finance a third home and country club membership ; for others , it means cutting back on office hours to spend more time with the family . [… ]
Making those choices as a team is one of the most important ways to preserve your marital assets , and your union , experts say .
But it 's that much easier when you already share similar outlooks on money matters — or when you can , at the very least , find some middle ground .
If your partner does n't share your financial philosophy , do n't give up hope .
Bernard shares seven ways couples can work together to increase their financial compatibility .
These suggestions are based on conversations with “ the successfully married and from experts on psychology , divorce and finance ” :
Talk and share goals .
Communication is key .
Kris and will take a brief vacation next month .
Besides unwinding , we plan to discuss our goals for the future .
It 's important for both partners to work together for the same purpose .
Communication is key .
Kris and will take a brief vacation next month .
Besides unwinding , we plan to discuss our goals for the future .
It 's important for both partners to work together for the same purpose .
Run a home like a business .
In the forthcoming How to Be the Family CFO , Kim Snider writes that there are many similarities between managing a successful business and managing your personal finances .
Your goal should be to run a profitable firm !
In the forthcoming , Kim Snider writes that there are many similarities between managing a successful business and managing your personal finances .
Your goal should be to run a profitable firm !
Be supportive of careers .
Help your partner pursue her dreams .
When Kris quit teaching to become a scientist , I was ready to do whatever she needed to help her succeed .
And when I decided to quit my job to blog full - time , Kris was my biggest supporter .
Help your partner pursue her dreams .
When Kris quit teaching to become a scientist , I was ready to do whatever she needed to help her succeed .
And when I decided to quit my job to blog full - time , Kris was my biggest supporter .
Enjoy , but within reason .
It 's okay to spend money to enjoy life ( that 's what it 's for ! ) , but do n't get caught up in the rat-race , and be sure to save for the future .
It 's okay to spend money to enjoy life ( that 's what it 's for ! ) , but do n't get caught up in the rat-race , and be sure to save for the future .
Use a mediator .
When you and your partner can't agree on a financial decision , bring in third - party help .
If you disagree about how to invest , for example , then see a financial planner .
When you and your partner can't agree on a financial decision , bring in third - party help .
If you disagree about how to invest , for example , then see a financial planner .
Maintain some independence .
“ Pooling resources is important , ” writes Bernard , “ but so is maintaining a degree of financial independence . ”
Many couples with joint finances also maintain separate allowances for each partner .
“ Pooling resources is important , ” writes Bernard , “ but so is maintaining a degree of financial independence . ”
Many couples with joint finances also maintain separate allowances for each partner .
Invest in your marriage .
Spend time and money on your relationship .
Bernard says to consider this “ dollar - cost averaging your marriage ” , which is a clever .
When Kris and I get grumpy with each other , it 's almost always because we have n't been doing things together as a couple .
I 'm really looking forward to our short vacation next month .
Not only will it give me and Kris some much - needed couple time , it will also allow us to decide what we want to accomplish over the next five or ten years .
It 's a chance to plan our financial future together .
For more on money and marriage , check out these articles from the archives :
The entertainment industry is littered with shorthand terms and silly idioms , ranging from the purely practical ( cute - meet , button gag ) to the more abstract in nature ( jumping the shark ) .
I ’ve got an addition that is somewhere in between - horse farts .
The etymology of horse farts is quite literal .
Two years ago my writing cohort – I ’ll call him Mr. Sprinkles to protect his identity – and I were working on a comedy script that featured a scene involving a horse - drawn carriage .
The producers did n’t think the scene was as humorous as it could be , so they added a running gag in which every time a character said a specific word , the horses pulling the carriage farted loudly .
They thought it was genius , so this comic gold fungally spread beyond what we came to dub the “ horse farting scene ” and into any and every scene featuring a horse .
I make no bones about the fact that I make my living writing low - to - no - brow comedies , but the shear go - for - broke pointlessness of this “ gag ” rubbed me the wrong way .
Mr. Sprinkles and I tried to get the horse farting out of the script , but it ’s hard to make the case that something is “ too stupid ” when you ’re writing a ridiculously stupid movie to begin with .
We may not have walked away with our dignity , but we did get a spiffy new term !
For us horse farts are uncreative , exploitative jokes added to a script by the producer or director to “ punch up ” a scene – adding a fart is almost always a horse fart , as is excessive Juno - style slang , and ADR jokes added in post - production are the devil ’s horse fart playground - but it ’s a broad concept .
Horse farts are really anything added by someone else to your work - be it a script , essay , song , blog , whatever - designed to get cheap , easy reactions for the audience .
Hell , it could even happen right here if my editor decided this article did n’t have a punchy enough ending .
He might insert one final childish joke that seems sorta out of place .
Anyhow , horse farts has caught on with Mr. Sprinkles and my screenwriter friends .
Now I pass it along to you lovely , handsome people .
May you never need to use it !
Titties and Racial Slurs !
Quick colour averaging
Several of the algorithms on image scaling that I published , both in Dr. Dobb 's Journal and on - line , depend on a function that calculates the average of two colours .
Although this is a key function , the articles on image scaling left the averaging as an exercise for the reader .
This paper fills that gap .
( In fact , a summary of this paper was proposed as a sidebar for the article " Image Scaling with Bresenham " in Dr. Dobb 's Journal of May 2002 , but it was not printed . )
Calculating an average of two colours is easy in concept : all three channels of the source colours can be averaged independently .
In the interest of performance , however , this paper discusses how to calculate an average of two 3 - channel values without unpacking the source colours and repacking the destination pixel .
In the interest of speed , the routines presented here drop a bit of quality , as the source colours are not reverse gamma - corrected before computing the average — and the resulting colour is not re-corrected for gamma .
If the source colours are widely apart , the resulting average colour is too dark .
Averaging pixel values
Throughout the descriptions of the scaling algorithms presented in the earlier articles , there was an implicit assumption that calculation of an unweighted average of two colours is easy to calculate , regardless of the pixel format .
This article presents calculation methods for a few pixel formats .
I start with discussing the pixel formats individually , using C/C++ macros for example implementations .
The paper ends with a C++ listing with overloaded in - line functions that implement all the discussed pixel formats in a single file .
Gray scale pixels are the easiest .
The code snippet below averages two grey scale pixels that are passed in as parameters a and b .
Averaging grey scale pixels
typedef unsigned char PIXEL ; # define AVERAGE ( a , b) ( PIXEL ) ( ( ( a ) + ( b ) ) >> 1 )
24 - bit RGB pixels can be thought of as three independent channels , where you process each channel individually .
With this thought , you would call the grey scale averaging macro on the red , green and blue channels of a 24 - bit colour pixel individually .
There is a quicker way , however , which is based on the following observation ( see also Paul Hsieh 's on - line paper ) :
a + b = ( a ^ b ) + ( ( a & b ) << 1 )
The average of a and b is " ( a + b ) / 2 " , which we can re-write as :
( a + b ) / 2 = ( ( a ^ b ) >>
1 ) + ( a & b )
An interesting property of the right hand of the above equation is that the addition will not overflow .
Assuming that the three RGB channels are packed in one 32 - bit integer where the fourth byte of the integer is zeroed out , you can take the average of two of such integers in a single step .
For example , the lay - out for a packed pixel is :
A 7 A 6 A 5 A 4 A 3 A 2 A 1 A 0 - R 7 R 6 R 5 R 4 R 3 R 2 R 1 R 0 - G 7 G 6 G 5 G 4 G 3 G 2 G 1 G 0 - B 7 B 6 B 5 B 4 B 3 B 2 B 1 B 0
Averaging 24 - bit RGB pixels
typedef unsigned long PIXEL ; # define AVERAGE ( a , b ) ( ( ( ( ( a ) ^ ( b ) ) & 0xfffefefeL ) >>
1 ) + ( ( a ) & ( b ) ) )
I have named the fourth ( zeroed out ) channel ( for " auxiliary " ) .
As written above , the XOR / AND algorithm to calculate averages will not cause overflows between the colour channels , but the " shift - right " instruction may cause an underflow : the low bit of , for example , the green channel may " flow into " the high bit of the blue channel .
Fortunately , this is easy to correct by masking of the low bits of the three channels before the " shift right " instruction .
HiColor modes with a bit resolution of 15 or 16 - bits are quite popular ; they give a nice compromise between number of colours , low memory ( and memory bandwidth ) requirements for bitmapped graphics and ease of use .
To average two 16 - bit HiColor pixels , you can use the same trick as the one for 24 - bit pixels , but using a different mask ( the mask is needed to clear any " underflow " bits ) .
Averaging 16 - bit HiColor pixels ( 565 format )
typedef unsigned short PIXEL ; # define AVERAGE ( a , b ) ( ( ( ( ( a ) ^ ( b ) ) & 0xf7deU ) >>
1 ) + ( ( a ) & ( b ) ) )
Palette - indexed , 256 - colour pixels are harder to average .
The quickest averaging method that I have come up with is a table lookup for each pair of possible palette indices .
As the lookup table must be precomputed , which is a lengthy process , this is only suitable to scale multiple images based on a single palette .
Fortunately , this is mostly the case .
The lookup table is 64 KiB in size : 256 rows × 256 columns where each element is the palette entry that best approximates the average colour of the two palette entries that select the row and column .
Due to symmetry in the lookup table , it suffices to calculate 33,024 ( half of 64 k , plus 256 for the diagonal ) average colours .
The lookup table is too large for the primary cache ( L1 cache ) on the CPU , and therefore the bottleneck in this routine may well be the memory fetch subsystem on the CPU .
Averaging palette - indexed pixels
typedef unsigned char PIXEL ; PIXEL average_table [ 65536 ] ; /* precomputed */ # define AVERAGE ( a , b ) average_table [ (( a ) << 8 ) + ( b ) ] ; typedef __s_RGB { unsigned char r , g , b ; } RGB ; void MakeAverageTable ( PIXEL
* table , RGB * palette ) { int x , y ; RGB m ; for ( y = 0 ; y < 256 ; y++) { for ( x = y ; x < 256 ; x++ ) { m.r = ( unsigned char ) ( ( ( int ) palette[ x ] .r + ( int ) palette[y ] .r ) / 2 ) ; m.g = ( unsigned char ) ( ( ( int ) palette[ x ] .g + ( int ) palette[y ] .g ) / 2 ) ; m.b = ( unsigned char ) ( ( ( int ) palette[ x ] .b + ( int ) palette[y ] .b ) / 2 ) ; table [ (y << 8 ) + x ] = table [ ( x << 8 ) + y ] = PaletteLookup ( palette , m ) ; } /* for */ } /* for */ }
The critical function inside MakeAverageTable ( ) that is not discussed here , is PaletteLookup ( ) .
This function should return the palette index that comes closest to the given colour .
Diverse methods exist to quantize a colour to a palette , for example , bit interleaving for RGB colours makes it suitable to sort a palette on the interleaved values and to find a closest match by binary search .
An alternative is to create a 3 - dimensional lookup table in an intelligent way ; see for example the article by Leonardo Zayas Vila .
For best quality , I propose a weighted Euclidean colour metric .
A side remark is that I specified the pixel format in the C++ listing below as a signed char .
I did this to make function overloading work ; the unsigned char type was already reserved to average grey scale pixels .
On the subject of overloading , note that in - line functions may carry non-functional overhead and that they may not be as fast as preprocessor macros ; see the article by Fomitchev for details .
This is particularly important because the average ( ) function appears in the inner loop of many of the image scaling algorithms .
Summary
Calculating the average colour of two pixels is indeed easy , even if we forego the obvious implementation of unpacking the source colours in their channels and repacking the averaged channels back into a colour .
Like many articles and books on the subject of image resampling and interpolating between source colours , this article ignored the requirement of converting the source pixels from non-linear RGB to linear RGB before the averaging ( reverse gamma correction ) and to convert the result back to non-linear RGB ( gamma correction ) .
At least , this paper mentions that it is , in fact , required .
References
Fomitchev , Max ; " Winning the Passing Game " ; Dr. Dobb's Journal Online Column ; 2001 .
When " calling " an in - line function , the parameters to the in - line function are still passed via the stack .
The stack maintenance may cause in - line functions to be quite slow in comparison with the preprocessor macros that they meant to replace .
The article is available on the Dr. Dobb 's Journal web site .
Hsieh , Paul ; Assembly Language Lab ; April 2002 .
Although I was aware that binary addition is an XOR operation plus a carry ( where the carry is an AND which is shifted 1 bit to the left ) , I did not consider the " average ( a , b ) = ( ( a ^ b ) >>
1 ) + ( a & b ) " trick until I saw it on one of Paul Hsieh 's pages .
Kientzle , Tim ; " Approximate Inverse Color Mapping " ; C/C++ User 's Journal ; August 1996 .
With bit interleaving and a binary search , one obtains a palette index whose associated colour is close to the input colour .
It is not necessarily the closest match , though , and the author already acknowledges this in the article 's title .
An errata to the article appeared in C/C+ +
User 's Journal October 1996 , page 100 ( " We have mail " ) .
Riemersma , T. ; " Colour metric " ; unpublished , but available on - line .
A proposal for a weighted Euclidean metric to express the distance between two colours .
The article argues that the proposed metric achieves similar quality as CIE Luv , while being much simpler .
Vila , Leonardo Z. ; " 3D Lookup Table Color Matching " ; C/C++ User 's Journal ; November 1996 .
A quick and easy way to get from RGB to a palette index is to use the red , green and blue channels as indices in a 3D array and to look up the palette index at that spot .
Filling the 3D array with the appropriate colours is the subject of this article .
Listing : Averaging pixel values in C ++
You thought that the lawsuit over the rights to the Watchmen movie were actually about Zack Snyder 's adaptation of the famous Moore / Gibbons comic ?
The latest moves in the story show just how wrong you are .
According to the New York Times ' Michael Cieply , lawyers working on behalf of Warner Bros .
are now claiming that Fox 's lawyers are blocking evidence that would show that Warners is a " better " studio than the " underperforming " Fox .
This is , in part , in response to a deposition from a Fox executive who claimed that his studio was both " unique " and " the best in the business . "
If this is the kind of legal battle we can expect from the upcoming trial , we can only hope that - at some point in the proceedings - a Warners ' attorney will feel the need to tell a Fox lawyer that he should , in fact , eat all the dicks .
Advertisement
( Related : Judge Gary Feess ' December 24th ruling in Fox 's favor is now online for you to read for yourself . )
Warner and Fox Debate : Which Is Better ? [ NYT ]
[ Haskell - cafe ] HEADS UP : finalizer changes coming in GHC 6.10.2
By popular demand , GHC 6.10.2 will support finalizers that are actually guaranteed to run , and run promptly .
There are n't any API changes : this happens for finalizers created using newForeignPtr as normal .
However , there 's a catch .
Previously it was possible to call back into Haskell from a finalizer ( finalizers are C functions ) , by using foreign import " wrapper " or foreign export .
According to the FFI spec , whether this is allowed or not is " system dependent " .
In GHC 6.10.1 and earlier it was allowed , but in 6.10.2 and later it is not .
The reason being that C finalizers are now executed directly by the GC , when the runtime is not in a position to handle callbacks .
You can still have fully - fledged Haskell finalizers if you want : we have Foreign .
Concurrent.newForeignPtr for that purpose .
But those finalizers are not subject to the same promptness guarantees that you get with C finalizers - they run in a separate thread , and are not guaranteed to be run at program exit .
We 'll make sure this is documented prominently in the 6.10.2 release notes , but I thought a heads - up would be a good idea right now as it turns out that there are existing libraries ( e.g. LLVM ) that will be affected .
Cheers , Simon
Lewis Gordon
Pugh takes a bracing dip that would kill most of us within a few minutes ( Image : Terge Eggum )
PERCHED on the edge of an Antarctic ice sheet , Lewis Gordon Pugh surveys the waves .
At 0 °C , water does not get much colder than the sea beneath him .
Undeterred , Pugh unzips his jacket , strips down to his swimming trunks and dives in .
Most of us would start to hyperventilate uncontrollably if we dived into such cold water .
Pugh does n’t even gasp in pain but instead starts swimming .
In December 2005 , when Pugh took this plunge ( pictured above ) , he went on to swim a kilometre in just over 18 minutes .
Many ordinary people would drown after just a few minutes in such cold water .
Pugh , however , not only survived but went on to make several more long - distance swims in extremely cold water ( see graph ) .
So what makes him able to keep swimming in such extreme cold ?
A study of Pugh published last month has confirmed that his response to cold water is anything but normal .
Remarkably , though , while Pugh may have some innate advantages , it seems his near - superhuman ability is largely down to training – so perhaps it could be something we are all able to learn .
High metabolism
Pugh is far from the first to swim in icy water .
There is a long tradition in Russia , China and many northern European countries of carving holes in frozen lakes , rivers or sea ice and diving in , often as part of a cultural or religious ritual .
These are normally just quick dips , though : rarely do they involve distance swimming .
Japanese and …
Bloomberg is reporting American Express Delinquencies Rise to 4.4 Percent .
American Express Co. had its highest monthly increase in credit - card delinquencies on record in October as jobless claims rose , according to FBR Capital Markets .
Late payments rose 35 basis points to 4.4 percent last month , according to a report yesterday from FBR analysts led by Scott Valentin in Arlington , Virginia .
The default rate increased 33 basis points to 6.96 percent , the highest since November 2005 , the report said .
Becoming a bank wo n't relieve American Express from having to borrow money in the bond market , the analysts said .
There were no sales of bonds backed by credit - card payments in October , the first time since 1993 , when the asset - backed securities market was in its infancy .
Yields on top-rated credit card bonds relative to benchmark interest rates reached a record high of 525 basis points more than the London interbank offered rate , or Libor , last week , according to Bank of America Corp. data .
1 - Month LIBOR Drops To 1.45
No Credit Thaw Yet
There were no sales of bonds backed by credit - card payments in October , the first time since 1993 .
Top -rated credit card bonds relative to benchmark interest rates reached a record high of 525 basis points over LIBOR last week .
New Mortgage Rates
10 Year Treasury Yield
In 2004 , photographs of abuses at Abu Ghraib shocked the world .
Seven people were charged , but the face of the scandal will always be Lynndie England , the 21 - year - old private grinning at the camera .
Emma Brockes meets her
The road to Fort Ashby , West Virginia , runs through Mineral County , an area of freezing grey farmland and barrack - style bungalows , where the sign outside the bar - " Hunters welcome " - has an unnerving effect on the passing non-hunter .
In Cindy 's coffee shop , customers speculate on the whereabouts of a lost cow and tell a weird Republican joke about the noise a chicken makes when its head is cut off : " Barack - Obama ! , Barack - Obama ! "
Lynndie England has lived in Fort Ashby since she was two , but when she appears , suddenly , in the car park , her outline is crooked with self - consciousness .
She grew her hair for a while , but people recognised her anyway , so she cut it short again .
The last time journalists came to Fort Ashby in any number , they upset residents by portraying it as " a giant trailer park " .
There are two bars , two banks , a fire station , a school and a bookshop - the woman who runs the latter says , " I 've no sympathy for what she did , but people behave differently in war than they do in their chairs at home , watching it on TV . "
It is almost two years since England returned home after serving half of a three - year sentence for maltreating prisoners at Abu Ghraib .
In mid-December , a report by the Senate armed services committee concluded that , contrary to the US government 's assertion that a few " bad apples " were to blame for abuses at the prison , responsibility ultimately lay with Bush officials , including the defence secretary Donald Rumsfeld , for policies that " conveyed the message that physical pressures and degradation were appropriate treatment for detainees " .
( A spokesman for Rumsfeld rejected the findings as " unfounded allegations against those who have served our nation " .
Whatever the official findings , the face of the scandal will always be that of the then 21 - year - old Private Lynndie England .
She was n't the only woman soldier in the photographs - Sabrina Harman and Megan Ambuhl were both court martialled for their roles - but England was the most arresting looking , like a 14 - year - old boy who should n't have been there in the first place .
Her legal defence , that she was unduly influenced by Specialist Charles Graner , the father of her child and the only soldier still serving time for abuses at Abu Ghraib , was compounded outside the courtroom by assumptions about her background ; that she came from a place where people did n't know better .
England is now 26 and spends her days looking for a job , caring for her son and trying to avoid running into people she went to high school with .
In the frigid air outside the coffee shop , she talks to her lawyer , Roy , and looks away when I approach .
Roy is a Gulf war veteran and assistant county prosecutor who , since her release , has acted as England 's chaperone and press agent .
Roy suggests we drive in convoy to the bar where hunters are welcome and where the interview will proceed .
After her release , England moved back in with her parents .
Her sister , Jessie , lives with her family in the trailer opposite .
England and her four - year - old son , Carter , sleep in a single bed customised from the bunk beds she and Jessie slept on when growing up .
" Everybody always wants to know about the trailers , " Roy says .
Although it 's midday , the windows in the bar are shuttered and in a couple of hours the patrons will be drunk enough to come over to England and start offering their opinions .
Roy shrugs : " For the most part , it 's just low - income housing . "
" Well , you know what ? "
England says .
" In New York - I 've never been to New York , but I 've heard people say - there 's apartments there where people pay $ 1,500 a month for something smaller than a trailer .
We only pay $ 200 .
And they look down on us .
It 's like , you 're stupid . "
Her attempts to find a job have so far been unsuccessful .
Most of the fast - food joints in the area wo n't employ felons , and when she goes for an administrative job , she makes it to the second interview before word gets back that the staff would feel uncomfortable working with her .
Her mother works at a manufacturing plant on a shift that finishes at 11.30 pm ; her father is a maintenance man on the railway , doing nightshifts from 11 pm - 7 am .
Her brother , Josh , is a corrections officer at the local prison .
" Is n't that funny ? "
Roy says and grins .
He looks at England .
She is still loath to go out in public .
For the first few months after the story broke , England shopped late at night to avoid being recognised .
" I was nervous about going into Cindy 's and meeting you all this morning .
I was sitting there waiting for Roy to turn up . "
I ask if she got much hate mail and she says that , yes , while she was in jail , fan mail addressed to The England Family , Fort Ashby , piled up at her parents ' home .
" I opened all of them .
I still have them .
They came from all over the world .
A lot of mail actually came from overseas : Germany , England , France . "
She smiles and then looks doubtful , as if she has perhaps said the wrong thing .
George Washington took his troops through Mineral County in 1755 , and the fort he built still stands , opposite the primary school .
It 's a historic area , with a proud Appalachian culture that locals resign themselves to being misunderstood .
Hunting is a big feature - England shot her first squirrel at the age of 13 .
I ask what she did with it and she looks at me as though I 'm slow .
" Put it in a stew . "
As a felon , she is prohibited from owning or using a gun again .
" That pissed me off ; made me so mad . "
What she liked about hunting , she says , was " the going out , being in the woods .
Time to think , being out in nature .
I love it .
Now I can't do that . "
The circumstances in which England and her fellow soldiers of the 372nd Military Police Company found themselves in October 2003 are well known by now .
They were posted to Iraq from Kuwait earlier that year and first stationed at Al Hillah , 60 miles south of Baghdad .
In the autumn of 2003 , they were moved to Abu Ghraib , the prison where inmate numbers had swelled from 700 in the summer to 3,000 , and then to 7,000 without anything like the necessary gain in staff .
Janis Karpinski , the commanding officer in charge of the prison and 14 others in Iraq , described the situation as " understaffed , overwhelmed and harried " .
It would be the testimony of England , Graner and the five other soldiers identified in the photos that when they arrived at the prison , the abusive practices - keeping inmates naked , making them wear female underwear and crawl on the floor - were already established in some form as part of pre-interrogation " softening up " techniques approved by military intelligence officers .
In the Taguba report , the official inquiry into abuse at Abu Ghraib , Karpinski was criticised for her poor leadership and demoted from brigadier general to colonel , but no officer higher in rank than a sergeant was convicted of wrongdoing .
Karpinski said she knew nothing about the abuse and that those parts of the prison had been removed from her control and handed to military intelligence .
She called England an " impoverished , undereducated young woman " whom it was absurd to blame for acting independently .
She suggested she had latched on to Graner as a protector and " father figure " .
England 's sense of persecution is so advanced at this stage that the question of whether or not she is contrite has almost no meaning .
In the most notorious photo , she holds a leash with a naked man crawling out of his cell on the end of it .
In another , she makes the thumbs up sign behind a human pyramid .
In another , she grins at a naked prisoner as he is forced to simulate masturbation .
After the photos came out , people looked at England 's childhood for some kind of explanatory episode , an early demonstration of cruelty , or else evidence that she had herself been abused .
While Graner , the ringleader and the man who took some of the photos , has had three court orders secured against him by his ex-wife for alleged domestic violence , England , 10 years his junior , barely had a backstory at all .
She was , she says , only in trouble at school once , when a boy in her science class talked her into writing a letter making fun of the teacher .
" And I apparently left it on the floor in the classroom .
She knew the handwriting .
I was , like , he made me do it . "
She says her mother once hit her so hard with a table tennis bat that it broke , but considers that normal for West Virginia .
" I mean , yeah , we were brought up right .
If we were out of line , we got spanked .
We got privileges taken away .
We had to do chores , dishes .
Mow the grass . "
In her trial , it came out that as a young child England was diagnosed with " selective mutism " and had a learning disability , but she graduated along with the rest of her class .
" I was friends with everyone .
You get to the teenager thing and you 're starting to get into your little groups and stuff , and I was friends with everybody .
Each group - goths , alternative - I had friends in every group . "
A former teacher of England 's at Frankfort High said there was only one word to describe her presence in his classroom : " Invisible . "
England 's first job out of school was as a cashier , and then for nine months she worked at the local chicken factory .
She worked in " spray down " and evisceration - " when the blood is let out and they go through the steamer , get the feathers out and clean 'em , all by hand " - and then in marination .
" Regular seasoning , garlic and onion .
Every time I smell that now ... "
She makes a face .
" Can you imagine a 200 - gallon tank ? "
It paid $ 9 an hour , with an extra 50 cents for marination , and after three months she was promoted to the role of trainer .
" I liked the work , because I could do it well , " she says .
Roy interrupts : " They have such a turnover there , that if you can stick it out , you rise quickly . "
England looks annoyed .
" What are you saying ? "
" I 'm just saying that if you stick it out ... "
" I was good at my job , " says England .
At some point she noticed that some of the rules were being broken - when people dropped meat , say , they 'd put it back on the conveyor belt .
She told her manager , who said he'd look into it .
" And a month later , when nothing had changed , I quit . "
Whistle - blowing at a chicken factory does not , of course , contradict the basic principles of chicken processing in the way that whistle - blowing in the army might conflict with the training that precedes it .
" In war , you do n't rat on your buddies .
There were only seven of us charged , but believe me , there were a lot more behind the pictures .
But we did n't rat anybody out . "
She is keen to emphasise how well she got on with Iraqis in the early part of her deployment .
" We 'd go to the ice - cream shop , we'd hang out there with the locals , learn about their customs , and they were interested in ours .
A lot of the stuff was really cool . "
When she got to Abu Ghraib , she was assigned to administrative duties and had no cause to be in the cellblocks , except that she was hanging out with Graner .
She found the scene down there odd .
" When we first got there , we were like , what 's going on ?
Then you see staff sergeants walking around not saying anything [ about the abuse ] .
You think , OK , obviously it 's normal . "
Graner , too , was initially disturbed , and is on record as having raised some objections .
" When he first started working on that wing , he would tell me about it and say , ' This is wrong . '
He even told his sergeant and platoon leader .
He said he tried to say something .
But everyone is saying it 's OK to do it and getting pats on the back . "
There have been suggestions that they would n't have treated the prisoners that way if they had been white .
England looks extravagantly outraged .
Roy says , " That 's the first time I 've heard that .
One of the guys convicted was African - American .
I do n't remember any overt racism .
You 're in a war , and you 're the good guys and they 're the bad guys , and that 's how most Americans see the world .
And those were the bad guys . "
Most of the people in Abu Ghraib were released without charge .
Karpinski estimated that 90 % of detainees in the prison were innocent .
Before England can comment , Roy says , " In the pyramid , all the guys had been rounded up after rioting and shooting an American guard .
There were some others who were released , but these guys were bad guys .
They may not have been the insurgents , but they 'd done some things they should n't have done . "
England says , " They were screaming , we fucking hate you , we 're gonna kill you , blah blah . "
Did she see any women prisoners ?
" At one point we had four .
Oh my God , this one , she was crazy .
They had to take her to the loony bin .
We called her the wolf lady coz she had all this hair . "
She starts laughing .
" She was screaming and whatever . "
Did she see any photos with women prisoners in them ?
Roy says , " The only thing I know is that someone got in trouble because he had had some contact with one of them . "
England snorts and says , " His dick had some contact . "
It was in Al Hillah that England and Megan Ambuhl got into the habit of hanging out with Graner when he was on duty and they were n't .
At other times , they 'd watch DVDs and drink : " Raw drink .
They were selling it cheap .
We would get like a fifth of whisky , 10 bucks .
I was like , get the fuck out of here !
I 'll tell you what , you could not drink it straight .
So what we would do is buy grape soda and mix it in , and after one cup you'd be like ... it was not regular whisky , I tell you .
Crazy . "
At this point Ambuhl was seeing another soldier in the company and the two of them , with England and Graner , effectively double dated .
I say Ambuhl was smart to keep herself out of most of the photos .
England snaps : " She did n't plan that .
It just happened .
She was n't clever .
She 's a pothead .
She was just there .
She was n't in a lot of photos because she did n't want to be .
She would just walk away . "
At this point a man from the bar staggers over and says to England , " Good going !
Damned good thing !
When you were in Abu Ghraib , you shoulda cut 'em all off . "
He makes a castrating motion with two fingers .
England says , " Shit , I do n't - " She grins awkwardly .
" Thanks . "
Roy looks at me and says , " Did you understand that ? "
Yes , I say .
" I want that in the interview .
She gets that all the time . "
England looks depressed .
Why did n't she walk away from the photos ?
" I did n't want them .
But he was so persistent .
Go on !
Just for me !
If you loved me , you 'd do it .
I 'm like , gee , OK just take the damned picture . "
There were other pictures Graner took , of him having anal sex with her , of her simulating sex with a drunk , passed out soldier .
She says he was n't ever violent , just manipulative .
" They said in the trial that authority figures really intimidate me .
I always aim to please .
They said that one of the reasons Graner easily intimidated me was because I saw him as an authority figure .
So I was really compliant . "
Her mother was furious that England was naive enough to have been influenced by Graner .
" She used to be a really nice person , really loving .
That 's gone .
The whole thing with me totally destroyed that . "
Does she feel guilty about that ?
She looks sulky .
" It 's her own fault .
I mean for real , she reacted like it was happening to her .
She was , like , you do n't know how I feel .
I said , ' How d'you think I feel ? '
I said , ' This is happening to me . ' "
Her father , 49 , has n't spoken publicly .
" He did n't tell us how he was feeling .
But he took his feelings out in another way and we wo n't go there . "
She looks at Roy .
Like what ?
Did he break something ?
She starts laughing .
" Yeah .
He pretty much broke up a 30 - year marriage . "
While England was in prison , it came to light that her father had been conducting a 17 - year affair with a local woman .
" My mum 's the one who broke her hand on his face .
He never hit her after she beat the hell out of him .
She took a baseball bat to him and he caught it and took it , but he never hit her . "
They got divorced - " Roy was my mum 's lawyer " - but are back together again now .
What 's the atmosphere like in the trailer ?
England sighs .
" I 'm glad I 'm on medication . "
It was only during Graner 's trial that England found out that all along he had been two - timing her with Ambuhl .
The two of them are now married .
( Graner recently asked for a DNA test to prove that Lynndie 's son is his , having always denied it .
" I said in an interview that he'd never see Carter , so just coz I said that , he probably thought , ' Oh , I 'll see him .
I 'll get visitation rights . '
To prove me wrong . " )
Graner was sentenced to 10 years .
When she was serving her own sentence , did it change her view of how she 'd treated the prisoners in Iraq ?
Did she feel more sympathy for them ?
She shakes her head .
" I mean , I had a lot of time to think about it after the trial and what I 'd learned .
Thinking back ... I do n't want to say I matured more , but I realised that I was so naive and trusting .
But what happens in war , happens .
It just happened to be photographed and come out .
Of course , a lot of people said if you guys had just shut up or killed them , there would n't have been any trouble .
I could think of it like that , but ... I mean , I do n't even know how to describe it .
They were the enemy .
I do n't want to say they deserved what they got , but they ... um . "
There is a long pause .
" They ...
This is my problem .
I can't think of words . "
England was told by a psychologist that she is a " visual " , not a " verbal " person , and has a heightened " visual analytical system " .
" He said he had never seen that .
Maybe 100 kids in the US have this ability .
That 's one of the reasons I was so good at the chicken plant , coz it 's so visual .
You 're looking for bruises , or feathers or blood .
That 's why I moved up so quick .
I was good with the visual stuff .
Hand - eye coordination .
Grading everything .
That 's why I was a trainer so fast .
I did n't know anything of that till my trial . "
She has a lot of nightmares .
She is on antidepressants , for which the military pays at the moment and which she 's worried she wo n't be able to afford after her official discharge .
" I probably need to be on something for the rest of my life . "
It is England 's rather than Graner 's face that will be remembered .
The photographer invites England to accompany him for photos , but she is reluctant ; she lingers at the table and fidgets .
Roy jokes , " How about I find you a hood and some wires ? "
England laughs , mirthlessly .
" You know me too well . "
We do some shots and then go outside , while Roy stays in the bar .
England talks about hunting .
We walk on some derelict land behind the bar and look out at the trailer park .
She talks about her childhood .
" We ran and jumped and cursed , just because we could , " she says , in that odd mocking tone .
Afterwards , we go back to the bar and England stands , deflecting interest , waiting for permission to leave .
This post is part of the series ( by Hendry Lee ) about how to survive the blogging evolution in 2009 .
If you have n’t done so , you want to read the previous article about my take on niche blogging trends .
It was based on analysis rather than predictions .
That is important because if you ask me , I ’d choose to base my business decision on sound strategies than pure speculations that may or may not work at all .
The future of niche blogging , as it always has been so , is about gradual growth .
Bloggers who have found that out and focus their efforts on long term strategies will reap the benefits and those who tried to hit a home run may end up wasting a lot of time , effort and perhaps also a small fortune .
For this reason , whether you are just planning to get started in 2009 or you already have a blog , I present you with a comprehensive list of steps , tips and strategies that if carried out correctly , will propel your blog to a big success this year and beyond .
I ’m the first to admit that very few of the strategies below are entirely new , but I ’ve done my best to emphasize on current and upcoming trends in order to maximize results .
Bloggers are already swamped with things to do and failure to prioritize can make a difference between taking your blog to the next level or let it fade into oblivion .
Getting Your Plan in Order
As the saying goes , “ If you fail to plan , you plan to fail . ”
Despite what others have said about blogging , it is still a complete strategy that needs planning .
It is my intention to get this time of the year to help you get your house in order and create strategies to go forward .
New year for many people is a great way to get a brand new start , but there ’s nothing more common than broken new year resolution in the first week of January .
Although the majority of people abandon their resolutions within days of making them , that does n’t mean it is not worth the effort .
A plan , when accomplished , lets you feel good about yourself .
It also puts you in a position to set and achieve higher goals .
What I learned throughout the years is that , resolutions do n’t have to be declared during a special occasion .
So , even if you are late , every day is still the best day to make a decision about the direction you want to take your business .
Just that no matter what you do , plan ahead !
The Art of Setting Realistic Goals
To help you gain perspective about planning , allow me to be upfront about it .
Just recently I read in an Internet marketing forum a post from a newbie about his plan for 2009 .
He was quite knowledgeable about the latest buzz words like social media , Twitter , and so on , of which I saluted him for his broad range of knowledge about Internet marketing .
However , when the post came to the part about goals …
Here ’s a partial list of what he included as the goals for 2009 :
Start writing a novel and finish it .
Be completely debt free .
Earn $ 300,000 online by launching 3 more products .
Start a blog and grow traffic to 3,000 visitors a day .
Fulfill a dream of owning a boat .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I do n’t try to discourage by saying those goals are too good to be true .
In fact , many individuals are able to set higher goals and get them all .
I ’m also not oppose to goal setting at all , but at the same time I do n’t think that new year resolution is made to be broken .
One particularly important factor of goal setting is to be realistic .
Your goals need to put yourself outside of your comfort zone , but not too much that you feel unrealistic about them .
For instance , without staffs or at least virtual assistants that help you with various tasks , creating and marketing products will consume a large portion of your time already , let alone launching three products , maintaining a blog and writing a novel in the same year .
To quote Jim Rohn , “ Most people overestimate what they can do in their first year , and greatly underestimate what they can do in five years . ”
The point is , by all means set a longer term goals but refrain yourself from aiming too high a goal at first .
Starting a blog with the intention to making money blogging is still possible but it takes more dedication than ever .
An extreme example may be a blog called Bankaholic by Johns Wu. BankRate acquired his blog for up to $ 15 million in October 2008 .
At that time , he had only been blogging for that blog for a bit more than two years .
As a solo blogger , this is a huge amount of money but I bet he did n’t make $ 7.5 million in his first year of operation .
Traffic and revenue grew gradually and when the right time comes , the blog bloomed .
I hope I got the point across well about setting realistic goals .
Each time I talk about this , some people defend their goals aggressively as if I am going to take their dreams away .
Deep down inside every one of us , we still want to believe that overnight success is still possible online .
No wonder , everyone seems to fall victim of one type of scam or another .
But I digress …
So , How ’s a Blogging Plan Looks Like ?
It does n’t have to be tens of pages .
After all , this is not a formal business plan .
When it comes to starting a blog , most people do n’t start out by hiring people to blog .
By keeping the operational team small ( or most likely a solo player ) this type of business does n’t need venture capital to finance .
My personal business plan adapts the popular one - page business plan format .
The plan consists of five major parts , namely :
Vision .
Your vision should answer the questions of who is your target audience and what you will offer .
Mission .
Be concise and clear instead of clever .
Use this part to clearly convey your unique value proposition .
Objectives .
What are you trying to accomplish with your blog ?
How do you know if you ’ve accomplished your goals ?
Objectives are your milestones .
They may not be the end - goal .
As you reach your objectives , you may have higher - level objectives .
Strategies .
What are your strategies to accomplish the objectives above ?
Being strategic means working on your blog based on certain principles and values .
That also helps you focus on reaching your vision and mission .
Actions .
This part outlines your actions that support the vision , mission , objective and strategies .
Personally , I prefer to create a one - to two - year plan .
Beyond that , it is hard to predict the right strategies because of the rate of changes happening online .
Ask any blogger if she still follows her plan two years ago when she got started .
I bet the answer is no .
A plan needs to be flexible to new strategies but nevertheless you need it to stay focus so that every day you do something to move yourself closer to the objectives .
A plan should allow you to quickly glimpse through it , perhaps on a daily or weekly basis .
For me it is a reminder about where I want to go and avoid spending time on whichever activities that do n’t benefit my blogging business on the long run .
Note : Darren has written a blog planning post and his steps are very similar to mine .
Seems like we adapt the same concise system for planning .
Focus on Your Blogging Business Model
If you see it from the publisher ’s standpoint , a blog is nothing more than a publishing tool .
It helps you get content online .
In other words , instead of focusing on the intricacies of getting a piece of content online , you can concentrate on content production and promotion .
Based on that , there really is more than one way to create a blogging business .
I ’ve written about 8 blogging business models in the past .
If you are confused about which way to go , that post certainly can help .
The fact that you can combine one or more of those into your blog means there are really many ways to create a business based on a blog .
Before you go ahead and get your first message out , it is necessary that you pick the right business model and focus on it .
For instance , if the affiliate model suits you best , your strategies should revolve around content creation , relationship building with both merchants and your audience , trend spotting , etc .
I wo n’t get into much detail in this post , but those by themselves already demand much of your precious time .
By working closely with a merchant , for example , you will be able to spot new products and help them test new ad creatives .
And if this is how you strategically separate yourself from your competitors — by building closer relationship with merchants , get new updates of products before anyone else , able to request for higher commissions , etc. — you should be prepared to help those select merchants .
Just so this is clear , testing and tracking new ad creatives and at the same time work on your content creation and promotion may already overwhelm most affiliates .
Remember that with more samples , testing will be scientifically more accurate .
Perhaps you also want to help the merchant test email offers .
For that , you ’d better have built quite a significant amount of prospects or customers and send e-newsletter regularly .
If you are not prepared strategically , most likely you will not be able to take this route by doing it yourself , especially if you still have to struggle through technical stuff to get things done .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I ’m not trying to scare you off but just because publishing with a blog is easy does n’t mean that you are able to throw a few content pages and ads out and immediately earn money that way .
More and more it will be about optimizing your sites to get more traffic and then convert those visitors into paying customers .
That separates the winners from the average and if you start doing it right now , you will be on the right track to dominate at least a segment of a larger niche .
When it comes to link development , a fellow blogger I know of spend eight hours per week to create highly linkable content .
If you think you can do this in 10 - 20 niches , you are stretching yourself too thin .
Think outsourcing is the answer ?
Think again .
Outsourcing is another buzzword nowadays .
It can be a very solid strategy if done right .
However , it also requires that you are good at managing resources as a project manager , not to mention that most people do n’t have enough fund to hire others at the beginning .
Just as an example , if you seek for a professional help to create a linkbait plan — consulting , not actually creating the linkbait — expect to pay between $ 750 to $ 2,000 .
So , that depends on your plan and strategy and I hope I drive the point home that planning has to come first if you are going to get significant result this year .
Competing is still possible if you pick the right field to play and take massive actions .
I hope by now you agree that hiring $ 5 article writer is not the only thing you ’ll need to get tons of links and traffic .
You need much more than that .
And that ’s what you should expect if you are to build a business .
Review
Many bloggers avoid planning because it is boring .
However , by approaching it from the correct angle , this can in fact turn into one of the most exciting part of your business .
When you are just about to launch a blog , usually the excitement fills in the atmosphere .
Planning is the stage when you can see your dreams and goals come into fruition , at least in your mind .
With strategically created plan , the only gap that separates you from achieving your goals is action .
For you who are a bit desperate right now because of the hard truths that I revealed above , do n’t give up !
It is still possible to grow a blogging business , just that the model may be much different from what ’s in your mind .
But still , working from home or from any of your favorite place , doing what you enjoy and making money from it is still an attainable goal if you finally direct your efforts on the right track .
Plus , I ’ve just saved you time and money buying e-books and jumping from one thing to another every two weeks .
By starting now and focus your effort on one thing , you will be way ahead others by the end of this year .
In the next few posts , I ’ll go into more specifics about activities related to blogging , including content production , optimization and promotion .
If you are still unsure about the strategies and actions to go to where you want to be , those articles will be of help .
Hendry Lee helps bloggers overcome strategic and technological challenges in starting and growing their blogs .
He also writes about make money blogging on his blog Blog Tips for a Better Blog – Blog Building University .
While you are there , download your free eBook and subscribe to his blogging e-course where he reveals his secret about blogging and content writing !
Follow Hendry on Twitter ( @hendrylee ) .
Yahoo ( YHOO ) will pay its new CEO Carol Bartz an annual base salary of $ 1 million .
Carol 's also eligible for an annual 400 % bonus .
She 's also getting stock options for 5,000,000 shares and an equity grant of $ 18 million of stock , which , given Yahoo's low share price could be Carol 's real prize .
The option vesting is clearly structured to reward her for increasing the stock price as soon as possible .
From the SEC filing :
The Agreement provides that Bartz will receive an annual base salary of $ 1,000,000 , subject to annual review for increases , and will be eligible to receive an annual bonus with a target amount of 200 % of base salary and a maximum amount of two times the target amount .
The actual amount of the annual bonus will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board ( the “ Compensation Committee ” ) based upon both the Company ’s and Bartz ’s performance for the relevant year .
In addition , Bartz will receive stock options ( the “ Inducement Options ” ) for 5,000,000 shares of the Company ’s common stock ( “ Common Stock ” ) , with a per share exercise price equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on the grant date ( expected to be January 30 , 2009 ) and a maximum term of seven years .
Vesting of the option will be dependent upon the attainment of average closing prices for the Common Stock for twenty consecutive trading days prior to January 1 , 2013 ( or , if a Change in Control occurs prior to January 1 , 2013 or after that date if it is pursuant to an agreement signed before that date , the price immediately preceding the closing of the Change in Control ) as follows : ( i ) 1/3 ( 1,666,667 shares ) will vest at 150 % of the exercise price ; ( ii ) 1/6 ( 833,333 shares ) will vest at 175 % of the exercise price ; ( iii ) 1/6 ( 833,334 shares ) will vest at 200 % of the exercise price ; ( iv ) 1/12 ( 416,666 shares ) will vest at 225 % of the exercise price ; ( v ) 1/12 ( 416,666 shares ) will vest at 250 % of the exercise price ; and ( vi ) 1/6 ( 833,334 shares ) will vest at 300 % of the exercise price ( the “ Vesting Levels ” ) .
Any shares acquired upon exercise of the Inducement Options must be held until January 1 , 2013 , except in the event of death or a Change in Control .
Bartz will also be granted annual equity grants at the time grants are generally made to senior executives as determined by the Compensation Committee .
She will receive an annual grant for 2009 with a value of approximately $ 8,000,000 which is expected to be granted in February 2009 .
Bartz will be eligible to participate in the benefit programs generally available to senior executives of the Company , including health insurance , life and disability insurance , the Employee Stock Purchase Plan , 401 ( k ) plan , and a Flexible Spending Plan .
She will be entitled to four weeks of vacation per year .
The Company will also pay or reimburse her for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with her employment , including up to $ 150,000 for advisory fees incurred in connection with entering into the Agreement .
In addition , to compensate Bartz for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post - employment medical coverage from her previous employer , the Agreement provides for an equity grant with a grant - date value of $ 10,000,000 , payable 25 % in cash and 75 % in restricted stock , which will vest and be settled in equal and proportionate quarterly installments in 2009 ( the “ Make - Up Grant ” ) .
The Make - Up Grant will be subject to certain clawback provisions in the event of a termination for Cause or without Good Reason during the Term .
The Company will also provide post employment medical coverage under its plans to Bartz , her spouse and eligible dependants as necessary , with Bartz paying the full premiums .
See Also :
Sue Decker 's Downfall
Carol Bartz's " Gut " Tells Her Not To Do Microsoft Search Deal
It began on a hot morning after a sweltering night .
Freeman had apparently taken all three of his children to a beach house overnight to escape Melbourne 's heat .
Coming back to town , the traffic across the West Gate bridge was slow .
But what police say happened in front of horrified witnesses happened fast - so fast , police would claim later , that there was no chance for anyone to stop it .
Just after 9 am Freeman 's white Toyota LandCruiser , driving towards the city , slowed in the left lane .
It stopped .
Freeman is 35 .
He works in IT and lives in Hawthorn .
He is estranged from his wife , Peta .
What happened next is before the courts .
This is what some witnesses apparently told police they saw :
Freeman got out of the car .
He walked to the rear passenger door .
His two sons Benjamin , 6 , and Jack , 2 , were in the back seat .
But it was Darcey whom he leaned over and unbuckled .
He allegedly lifted her up and carried her to the edge of the bridge near its highest point .
Witnesses later told police the child seemed limp ; she did not fight .
She did not protest .
Those who had to deal with what happened next have prayed that maybe she was unconscious , or thought it was a game ; that she had no idea .
Freeman allegedly walked to the edge of the bridge , lifted his daughter over the railing - and let go .
Darcey fell past the railings ; past the line of cars ; past the pylons .
She hurtled 58 metres into the murky waters below .
Her father allegedly got back into his car .
He drove off .
Frantic motorists called police .
Water Police got there first .
They dragged the little girl from the water at a spot near a children 's hospital .
She was in a critical condition with internal injuries .
Meanwhile a massive police hunt swung into action .
Police searching for the white LandCruiser feared a second crime scene .
But about 10.30 am they were called to the Commonwealth Law Courts in the city .
The building houses the Family Law Court and the Federal Magistrates Court , which also handles family law cases .
Security staff there are trained to recognise people in distress .
They phoned police after noticing a man in the foyer crying and shaking uncontrollably .
He looked , one said later , like " he 'd had enough " .
His two sons were clinging to him .
He begged security guards , " Can you take my kids for me ? "
He was having trouble talking .
It was his older son who gave the guards the parents ' names .
When police arrived , Freeman was arrested and handcuffed .
Family friends were called to the court to collect the children .
Peta Freeman rushed to the hospital to be with her daughter , who died at 1.35 pm .
It is believed that while in police custody , Freeman was unable to utter a word .
He was shaking and weeping , apparently in deep shock .
He was charged with murder .
Yesterday afternoon , the Melbourne Magistrates Court was told a doctor had found him unfit for interview and was concerned he was suicidal .
The magistrate , Lance Martin , said he would ensure staff at the Melbourne Custody Centre were advised of his condition and remanded him in custody to reappear on May 21 .
Zelma Rudstein , whose law firm Rudstein Kron Lawyers had acted for Freeman , described him as a " devoted and loving father " .
" It 's devastating and unexpected .
We are just trying to come to grips with it , " she said .
" It 's very tragic and certainly not anything anyone could have predicted would happen . "
Traumatised police and paramedics were being counselled last night .
For help or information visit www.beyondblue.org.au, call the Samaritans on 1800 198 313 , or Lifeline on 131 114 .
Erik Chopin : Biggest Loser GAINS 122 Lbs. ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
Biggest Loser season three winner Erik Chopin was a recent guest on The Oprah Show in order to share a big secret with her and the rest of the world - he has fallen off the wagon .
The 36 year old deli owner weighed in at 407 when he joined the reality television show in 2006 and dropped 214 pounds to become the Biggest Loser .
Unfortunately he has gained back 122 pounds and is deeply distressed to now weigh 315 pounds .
Chopin weighed 197 at the finale and admits that he remained in denial until he saw the scale hit 300 .
His wife Michele has been silently watching while her husband has gone back to all of his old habits .
She told Oprah , " I 'd worry about him .
I 'd look at him and think it was like he was drowning and I could n't do anything to help him .
I could see it in his eyes , and I could see so many things happening again that we 've been through . "
Erik told Oprah that he had an Aha !
moment when he watched the show host share her own weight struggles with the world .
" I thought it was so courageous and so admirable and inspiring .
I said , ' Wow , I should just reveal this and just get it over with . '
Friends and family , neighbors , they see me .
But the majority of people do n't .
They do n't know . "
He admits that he does n't like to go to the gym but he told Oprah that he wants to lose the weight and be healthy for his family .
He said that this time he is going to do it for himself .
He knows that his family will benefit from the ripple effect so everyone will ultimately win .
" Biggest Loser " trainer Jillian Michaels is concerned about the growing number of morbidly obese contestants that the show is featuring .
Several 400 and 500 pound contestants will appear on Season 9 .
See her comments and photos here .
Current photos of Erik .
See two videos that show where Erik is on his continuing weight loss journey .
January 4 , 2009 – 10:50 pm by John
I have been meaning to write about this for a while .
A former student of Walter Block wrote to him :
I read an Economist article yesterday praising the government for bailing out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and was shocked that such an august publication could be so short - sighted .
I talked about it with my liberal girlfriend and for the first time admitted the extent of my libertarian sympathies .
She cried when I said I did n’t think people had a right to food .
What does one do ?
I am very tight - lipped about politics for exactly this reason .
“ I am very tight - lipped about politics for exactly this reason . ”
This describes me perfectly .
I keep silent when my friends discuss politics .
This is partly because it ’s hard to sound intelligent , informed , or convincing when you ’re holding back and only saying part of what you know and think , and to divulge all I know and think would require calling my friends completely economically ignorant , morally bankrupt , and politically naïve .
I do n’t want to insult and ridicule them right to their faces .
They ’re mostly good friends and co-workers ; they ’re just patently wrong about most things and we have strong disagreements about lots of others .
Having morally objectionable and empirically destructive politics does n’t make you a bad person .
It just makes you do bad things .
On the other hand , I could be extreme ( the only way to be fully correct ) while remaining level - headed , but that ’s the second part of the problem .
I have such a thin skin that I do n’t want to expose myself for the complete libertarian anarchist that I am .
Being socially “ liberal ” and fiscally “ conservative , ” even to a great extent , is one thing , but insisting upon the complete immorality of the very existence of monopolistic government and advocating a completely non-Statist society is another altogether .
I fear their judgment .
In other words , I ’m kind of a pansy .
Part of my problem is that I ’m not so good at discovering or enunciating simple , concrete policy positions that would improve this or that economic , social , or governmental situation ; my solution is always to abolish the whole monopolistic State because the voluntary choices of free individuals would sort it out wonderfully .
My arguments would always either end in me defending a completely free society , or lying and saying , “ Well , now , I would n’t go that far … . ”
Maybe you ’d say that if they would judge me so harshly for well - thought - out and well - meaning beliefs , radical though they may find them , they are n’t such good friends to begin with and I need to stop being such a chicken and find new friends .
Well , no one ’s perfect .
( Where would I find them , anyway ? )
It probably sounds a little weird for such an avid blagger ( except during Christmas vacation without high - speed internet ) who is staunchly libertarian in every way to say he ’s timid and cowardly about discussing politics with friends , but writing is a lot different from speaking on your feet .
Yes , this blag is public , but I neither know nor care which friends know about it .
It actually does n’t matter a whole lot how many strangers read it ( though the exposure , discussions , and support of all the regular and occasional visitors make me very happy ) .
This blag is a platform for venting my frustration at the Statist world , crafting my ideas and arguments for continual improvement , going on record as being correct about socialist Statism , and sharing ideas with Kelly .
Anyway , back to what was originally the real topic of this post .
Walter Block reflected upon his former student ’s dilemma :
… it is tough to be a young male libertarian .
At most gatherings where they frequent , the male–female ratio is about ten or twenty to one .
For example , at the recent Mises University ( look at the picture ; see how many women you can find ) , my estimate is that there were almost 200 students ; about 15 or so of them were female .
( Hint for young ladies : a word to the wise is sufficient . )
Nor is this merely a modern problem for male libertarians .
Things have always been this way ; I can attest to this , at least from 1962 , when I first became a libertarian .
What to do ?
Well , get a non-libertarian girlfriend .
Now what ?
Keep quiet about one of the most important things in your life ?
Well , engineers , computer nerds , physicists , mathematicians , etc. , do not share their technical lives with their wives or girlfriends .
Of course , libertarianism is different .
It is the rare BBQ , dinner party or PTA meeting where such narrow scientific issues are discussed .
But the state of the union , unemployment , foreign policy , elections , feminism , environmentalism , discrimination , etc. , are usually at the tip of everyone ’s tongue , and libertarians have passionately strong views on all of them .
Three hints : one , keep dating until you find someone who can tolerate your views without crying or screaming at you .
This girl need not be a libertarian ; mere toleration is quite enough ; hey , more than enough .
Two , engage in a do - it - yourself project : try to convert your date to the one true faith .
Three , do n’t awfulize about your failures .
Instead , keep trying .
If at first you do n’t succeed …
I do n’t know many libertarian girls .
I do n’t know many girls who even have any libertarian leanings , much less girls who would be described as libertarians .
My current girlfriend is n’t .
She is fairly non-political , though , which is the next - best thing .
I knew three libertarian ( ish ) girls in college .
One of them married a socialist and became an Obama supporter .
The other two are still libertarian , I think .
Hopefully even more so than we were in our naïve college libertarian club days .
Both of them were pretty hot .
One of them is still with her damn College Republicans boyfriend .
Maybe he ’s a libertarian now .
I ca n’t imagine her staying with a neocon or even a conservative for this long ( 5+ years ? ) .
Oooh , I hate him so much …
I have met one libertarian girl after college , and she said the sexiest thing anyone has ever said to me : “ I think all taxes are evil . ”
She was engaged before I ever set eyes on her …
Oooh , I hate him so much …
Actually , no , I hung out with him a couple times and he ’s really cool .
On the whole I think I ’d rather be able to hate him !
Many people , especially men , do , say , or think things that result in pushing people ( good friends or significant others ) away when they feel they ’re getting too close to them .
As Adam Sandler said in one of my favorite of his songs , something inside them makes them want to screw it up .
This is probably similar to a simple fear of commitment , but I notice myself doing this and I do n’t think I have a fear of commitment ( I certainly did n’t used to ) .
I think it ’s more like a fear of being completely open , exposed , and vulnerable as who you truly are , in the words of Adelai Niska .
So we rationalize why this or that girl / girlfriend was n’t Ms. Right by citing examples of supposed incompatibilities that should n’t necessarily have been deal - breakers : we do n’t like her parents , we might want to live in different parts of the country in the future , she does n’t like going to the bars that we do , she does n’t like watching sports , she despises our favorite band , she is n’t libertarian enough to truly understand us .
Maybe they are sound objections sometimes , maybe they are n’t other times .
Either way , people of all kinds do this to keep from getting too close to that precipice of complete and total commitment , that point of no return .
We say , “ Well , our career paths precluded staying together permanently … ” “ You know , I ’d probably always have to choose between going out with my friends and spending time with her … ”
“ We ’d always be disagreeing about politics … ”
A lot of people with differing politics marry each other .
( Then again , they share one ludicrous belief : Democrats and Republicans have opposing political philosophies . )
Is it any harder for a libertarian to stay with a Statist ?
Is this fundamental difference a valid reason for giving up on the relationship , or for doing things consciously or subconsciously that sabotage the relationship ?
Should libertarians hold off on revealing the extremity of their politics until they ’ve gotten to know someone well enough that they know the other person has similar leanings or they know the other person will like them or love them just as much , regardless of their extreme politics ?
These are some of the things I ponder , and wonder where I stand , where I should stand , where I will stand .
Everyone handles it differently , I guess .
“ Keep quiet about one of the most important things in your life ? ” Libertarianism is different .
There is scarcely such thing as a casual libertarian .
Certainly not a casual real libertarian ( anarchist ) .
To have such radical and life - changing beliefs means that you must feel strongly about them .
And , regardless of what other libertarians think about their politics compared to others ’ and how this affects their relationships with them , it is a very defining characteristic of who I am .
Individualist anarchism defines a very large part of how I see the world , my relationship with it , and all of humanity ’s relationship with each other .
That is a pretty major part of who someone truly is .
I ’m not sure if Walter Block ’s advice of finding someone who is apolitical is satisfactory for me , and I ’m not sure I have the temperament to proselytize to people who are apolitical or Statist .
I just do n’t know where to find a libertarian girl , because all the girls I know , and especially the pretty ones , are either conservative Christians or tree - hugging socialist hippies .
The founder of the aforementioned college libertarians club would ask people who claimed to be libertarian , to test their true libertarianness , “ Do you think all drugs should be legalized , including cocaine and heroin and crystal meth ? ”
That would often be the first substantive thing he said to someone .
That ’ll put you on the spot !
How many girls do you know who would give a libertarian answer to that ?
I know very , very few .
It ’s really frustrating .
( No , I ’ve never asked anyone that , but I encourage you to try it as an icebreaker on your next first date . )
Since political economy and moral philosophy are so important to me , I feel like I am missing out by not being really close to someone who sees the world the same way I do , to whom I can open up and say what I really feel and offer my own intellectual , philosophical , and moral support .
I feel like if I married a Statist , I would always be blaming her , silently or openly , for all the things her evil government and her stupid politicians did .
Obviously I would n’t marry someone who did n’t know exactly what my politics were , so she ’d probably know what I felt about everything political .
She ’d read my web page whenever she wanted .
She ’d know what I thought of her politics .
Maybe she ’d think the same thing about mine .
That ’s too much conflict , too much strife .
I do n’t want a choir to preach to ; I want another principled person with whom I can share my thoughts about politics instead of being afraid to all the time .
Who will challenge , but reinforce and help me improve upon , my analysis of every political issue .
Who sees our relationships with the world , the State , and other people the same way I do .
Who can make me feel less alone in this unfree world instead of feeling suffocated by socialist Statism everywhere I go .
Libertarian girls are rare , and I feel that emailer ’s pain .
My solution so far has been to bottle up my frustration at the rampant Statism we live under , swallow my derisive criticisms of the socialism my friends endorse , and hide my principled moral stances from everyone who ’s appalled at the notions of individual sovereignty and peace .
Something has to change sometime soon .
Posted in Philosophy , Rants
... twas the night before Christmas , and all through the house ...
... not a creature was stirring , not even a ...
... HEADCRAB !
President Obama on Friday repealed the Mexico City policy , a controversial Reagan - era measure that withheld funding to foreign aid organizations that perform abortions or refer women to abortion providers , which had been rescinded by President Clinton and re-instituted by President Bush .
Mr. Obama signed the executive order one day after tens of thousands of Americans protested in front of the White House against Roe v. Wade , on the 36th anniversary of the Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion .
The decision shows that Mr. Obama will deliver on his campaign promises to be one of the most pro-choice presidents in modern history
Mr. Obama ’s move , which had been expected one day earlier , set off a back and forth between pro-choice and pro-life advocacy groups .
Rachel Laser , with the progressive group Third Way , said Mr. Obama ’s decision was “ a life - affirming , common ground policy that must transcend abortion politics . ”
“ This repeal is a life - affirming action because it will fight the spread of HIV / AIDS , prevent thousands of pregnancy - related deaths and illnesses , save the lives of countless children due to better spaced pregnancies , and reduce the number of abortions worldwide , ” she said .
But Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , said the new president ’s decision was a contradiction of the orders Mr. Obama signed Thursday repealing “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” of suspected terrorists that some believed to be torture .
“ While he bans torture on terrorists he ’s now forcing taxpayers to export abortions , a procedure that destroys the lives of unborn children , ” Mr. Perkins said .
“ What a terrible way to begin a new administration : with an abortion business bailout that will exploit women in developing countries for political ends , ” said Charmaine Yoest , President of Americans United for Life Action .
After several years on the back burner of the cultural conversation , abortion has been one of several issues to come to the fore in the early days of the Obama administration .
Mr. Obama ’s promise to sign the Freedom of Choice Act , which would repeal all state and local restrictions on abortion , such as parental notification laws and measures allowing physicians to deny abortions based on their own faith convictions , came under fire Thursday from congressional Republicans .
“ Too much is at stake for this divisive and destructive legislation to move forward and life - saving laws to be rolled back , ” read a letter from House Minority Leader John Boehner , Ohio Republican , and 104 other House Republicans .
Mr. Boehner also Friday criticized the inclusion of increased funding for “ family planning ” in the economic stimulus package , during remarks to the press outside the White House following a meeting with Mr. Obama and congressional leaders .
And late Thursday the Washington Blade , a paper focused on gay issues , reported that Mr. Obama will ask Mark Dybul , the coordinator of President Bush ’s program to fight HIV / AIDS in Africa , to resign .
Liberal groups , the Blade said , are concerned that Mr. Dybul , who is gay , would maintain Bush - era conditions that aid money go to groups who promote sexual abstinence as part of HIV prevention .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Unfortunately a few test cases still fail .
These errors will be fixed by the next release .
NAIROBI , Kenya ( CNN ) -- George Obama , the half - brother of U.S. President Barack Obama , has been arrested by Kenyan police on a charge of possession of marijuana , police said Saturday .
George Obama was arrested in Kenya on a charge for possession of marijuana , according to police .
Inspector Augustine Mutembei , the officer in charge , said Obama was arrested on charges of possession of cannabis , known in Kenya as Bhang , and resisting arrest .
He is scheduled to appear in court Monday , Mutembei said .
He is being held at Huruma police post in the capital of Nairobi .
Speaking from behind bars , Obama denied the allegations .
" They took me from my home , " he said , " I do n't know why they are charging me . "
George Obama and the president barely know each other , though they have met .
George Obama was one of the president 's few close relatives who did not go to the inauguration in Washington last week .
In his memoir , " Dreams from My Father , " Barack Obama describes meeting George as a " painful affair . "
Barack Obama 's trip to Kenya meant meeting family he had never known .
CNN tracked down George Obama in August and found him at a small house in Huruma , a Nairobi slum , where he lives with his mother 's extended family .
His birth certificate shows that he is Barack Obama 's half - brother .
The two men share a Kenyan father .
In the memoir , Barack Obama struggles to reconcile with his father after he left him and his mother when he was just a child .
Barack Obama Sr. died in a car accident when George was just 6 months old .
Like his half - brother , George hardly knew his father .
George was his father 's last child and had not been aware of his famous half - brother growing up .
Unlike his grandmother in Kogelo , in western Kenya , George Obama had received little attention from the media until reports about him surfaced in August .
The reports sprung from an Italian Vanity Fair article saying George Obama lived in a shack and was " earning less than a dollar a day . "
Those reports left George Obama angry .
" I was brought up well .
I live well even now , " he said .
" The magazines , they have exaggerated everything .
" I think I kind of like it here .
There are some challenges , but maybe it is just like where you come from , there are the same challenges , " Obama said .
Obama , who is in his mid-20s , said at the time that he was learning to become a mechanic and was active in youth groups in Huruma .
He said he tried to help the community as much as he can .
All About Barack Obama • Kenya
Daily Show salutes O'Reilly 's ' great ambushes ... of justice ' David Edwards
Published : Tuesday February 10 , 2009
Print This Email This Ambush journalism by the press sucks , according to Fox News host Bill O'Reilly .
That is , unless it 's O'Reilly Factor correspondents doing the ambushing .
Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart pointed out the hypocrisy of Bill O'Reilly 's attacks on the paparazzi when his show seems to thrive on them .
" O'Reilly , whose producers proudly ambush anyone who disagrees with him , has taken up as one of his pet causes the privacy of celebrities stalked by paparazzi , " Danny Shea points out at Huffington Post .
After showing a clip in which O'Reilly called the press " the scum of the earth , " Stewart playfully imitated him , saying , " We 're Fox News and I think we know a little about scum . "
" How is the ' ignore the privacy rights of anyone who disagrees with Bill O'Reilly ' business ? "
Stewart rhetorically asked , before answering , " Booming . "
Stewart dissects some O'Reilly clips , calling them " some great ambushes ... of justice , " and adds that his " favorite part about the Factor is that they have no trouble reconciling their defense of celebrity 's right to privacy with their intimidation of everyone else . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast Feb 9 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
A man had to be taken to hospital still attached to a steel toilet after super - glue was deliberately smeared on the seat .
Firefighters were unable to free the man and were forced to remove the entire toilet with the man attached .
The 35 - year - old was in a public toilet cubicle in Brierley Hill in the West Midlands when he became stuck .
He was taken to hospital where doctors had to get into the ambulance before using chemicals to free him .
Toilet re-installed
An ambulance service spokesman said : " He appeared to be none the worse for his ordeal other than being understandably somewhat embarrassed . "
It is thought the glue had been smeared on the toilet seat by a prankster .
An ambulance crew and a rapid response vehicle attended the scene just before midday but they were unable to free the man .
" With the help of a local authority and the fire and rescue service , the man was removed from the cubicle still attached to the stainless steel toilet , " the spokesman said .
The toilet was later taken back to the public convenience and re-installed .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
When I was a boy , my father used to buy Mother Earth News from the grocery store .
The magazine was filled with stories about self - sufficient country living , the sort of thing my dad aspired to .
I 'd read the magazine after he was finished , but never really understood the appeal of building your own greenhouse or raising goats .
Now , as an adult , it makes a little more sense .
Kris and I are not radically self - sufficient , but we do enjoy growing our own food .
( And she recently agreed that we could get chickens ! )
The content at GRS reflects my interest in the DIY lifestyle .
Besides frequent articles on gardening , in the past I 've shared stories like these :
Though our own adventures in self - sufficiency are limited , they 're edifying , and I admire those who do even more .
I 'm a strong advocate of the DIY ethic .
I believe there 's real value in traditional skills , such as gardening and sewing , canning and carpentry .
As a bonus , most of these practices save money .
After spending last Saturday planting peas and pruning fruit trees — and contemplating where to put a chicken coop — I took some time to research the current state of homesteading magazines .
Turns out there are half a dozen that seem interesting .
Most of them have a companion website with excellent information :
Mother Earth News
Mother Earth News is “ the original guide to living wisely ” .
Its content leans left , and includes articles on subjects such as renewable energy , green homes , organic gardening , green transportation , and sustainable farming .
The Mother Earth News website is polished and filled with content , with stories on :
BackHome
BackHome is “ your hands - on guide to sustainable living ” .
It covers topics like owner - built homes , backyard livestock , rural heritage , green building , and country skills .
The BackHome website is n't very useful , but it does offer a taste of the magazine .
You can see the table of contents from the most recent issue , and view PDF versions of articles like :
Backwoods Home
Backwoods
Home , is like the first two publications in this list — but with guns .
Backwoods
Home leans right ( or libertarian ) , and offers “ practical ideas for self - reliant living ” .
Like BackHome , it offers how - to articles on owner - built housing , independent energy , self - employment , and country living .
And there 's a regular column on gun ownership .
The Backwoods Home website is fantastic , packed with great stuff , including articles on :
I am not a libertarian , and I 'm ambivalent about guns , but after looking at the website , I think I 'm going to subscribe to Backwoods Home .
This magazine looks awesome .
Small Farm Today
Small Farm Today is “ the original how - to magazine of alternative and traditional crops and livestock ” .
According to Amazon , this publication discusses “ alternative and traditional crops , livestock , and direct marketing , designed to help make small and family farmers profitable and sustainable ” .
The Small Farm Today website does n't provide much useful content , and offers no glimpse of what a typical issue features .
It does provide farm links , an events calendar , and online classified ads , but I 'd rather see some past articles so that I could know if I 'd find it useful .
Hobby Farms
Hobby Farms is a magazine about “ rural living for pleasure and profit ” .
Its marketing copy says that it “ embraces the growing segment of population that is returning to farm life in search of a more meaningful existence ” .
The Hobby Farms website includes plenty of useful stuff , including :
Countryside
Countryside & Small Stock Journal is “ the magazine of modern homesteading ” .
It features articles on constructing a homestead , the homestead as a business , the country kitchen , and self - reliance and survival .
The Countryside website includes two blogs , only one of which is actually updated .
It also offers many past articles from the magazine , including :
Marketing your crafts
Stocking your emergency food pantry
Raising your own backyard pig
How we went from $ 42,000 to $ 6500 and lived to tell about it
Here 's a long list of past Countryside articles for future reading .
Looking at the contents of these magazines makes me dream of things I can build and grow .
I do n't subscribe to any of them right now , but may have to begin picking up a few .
Or maybe I 'll just start checking out their websites regularly .
Do you read any of the these ?
Do you know of other magazines for people who want to practice self - sufficiency ?
What about books ?
I 'd love to build a small library devoted to the subject .
The Tintin movie is due for a 2011 release
British actor Daniel Craig , best known for playing secret agent James Bond , has signed up to play the villain in the new Tintin movie .
The 40 - year - old has landed the role of Red Rackham opposite Billy Elliot star Jamie Bell , who will play the intrepid young reporter Tintin .
Filming for The Adventures of Tintin : Secret of the Unicorn , directed by Steven Spielberg , has already begun .
Simon Pegg , Nick Frost and Mackenzie Crook will also appear in the film .
Sequel planned
Writer Steven Moffat had been working on the script , but was forced to leave the project when he replaced Russell T Davies as lead writer and executive producer on Doctor Who .
Moffat blamed the US writers ' strike for delaying his work schedule .
The original Tintin character was created in 1929 by Georges Remi , better known by his pen name Herge .
His adventures were played out through two dozen books .
Over 200 million copies have been sold worldwide and the popular series has been translated into 70 languages .
It is thought the Tintin movie , planned for release in 2011 , will be the first of two or three movies featuring the character .
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson , who is co-producing the project with Spielberg , has been lined up to direct the sequel .
The Tokyo High Court on Wednesday rejected an appeal by an Australian woman who accused the Japanese police of " second rape " by mistreating her case in 2002 .
But she said she was resolved to take the case to the Supreme Court , continuing her fight for Y11 million ( $ 181,698 ) in compensation .
" I am very disappointed with the ruling , " said the Australian , who uses the pseudonym Jane .
" This is a matter that concerns not just me but also everyone in Japan . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has said the government cannot '' bail out ' ' every single ailing industry , as figures show that sales of new cars in the UK fell in November by 36.8 % .
He made his remarks in a response to listeners ' questions on Radio 5 Live .
About 3 - 6 months before the iPhone debuted I received a Nokia N800 web tablet as part of the company ’s blogger relations program .
I loved the device .
It was one of the most powerful gadgets per pound and square inch I had ever used .
I marveled at it .
Nokia N800
It was n’t the easiest device in the world to use but it had an internal camera which rotated allowing you to use the tablet to videoconference or take photos of your surroundings .
It also supported Flash which the iPhone still does n’t .
Other journalists and bloggers were blown away by the gadget as well .
Then later an N810 device was released which supported WiMAX and had a keyboard built - in .
But recently there have been reports which discuss the fact that Nokia is discontinuing the device .
One article is from Evan Koblentz who used to work in TMC labs but now WirelessWeek , while another is from Michelle Robert who currently works for TMC .
There is also excellent analysis from Greg Galitzine a senior TMCnet editor .
Nokia N810
While I read the news I inquired with Nokia about the status of the device and received the following statement from Molly Schonthal at the company :
The Nokia N810 WiMAX Edition has reached the expected end of its lifecycle .
We will continue to follow the WiMAX network development and new product development decisions will be considered based on the evolution of the business .
Any company that sells products does n’t discontinue them if they are profitable .
The interesting takeaway here is that if Nokia is still selling the N800 – which it seems to be doing , the incremental cost of making the N810 has to be insignificant .
This is the case as long as they are selling some of these units .
We have to surmise that virtually none of these devices were selling .
This leads us to wonder about WiMAX .
Nokia is smart enough to continue investing in a market if it sees the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow .
Did the economy coupled with LTE kill this pot of gold ?
You may be aware my company TMC has partnered with Carl Ford and the team over at CrossFire Media to put on a 4G event called 4G Wireless Evolution ( 4GWE ) in less than a month in Miami .
At this conference we will be discussing the ramifications of the world ’s largest mobile phone company pulling out of WiMAX .
How significant is this development to carriers looking to deploy WiMAX ?
Does this news mean there needs to be an increased focus on LTE by the entire wireless market ?
What about the WiMAX equipment providers ?
Will they make it through a financial storm if the devices are n’t there to support them ?
Remember that Richard Lowe who heads up Nortel ’s Carrier Networks pretty much blames the lack of devices for lost sales in the wireless space .
If there are few WiMAX devices , why would consumers even consider the technology for mobile solutions when they are getting comfortable with 3G - enabled ( soon 4G ) devices which give them tremendous computing power in the palms of their hands ?
This two sentence statement by Nokia is worth a trillion dollars of investment in frequencies and equipment .
This really changes everything .
And it is worth further discussion and analysis .
I truly hope you will be at the 4GWE show with us Feb 2 - 4 , 2009 in Miami before you spend another dime on your future wireless networks .
Likewise for investors and equipment manufacturers .
In this economic environment you need a clear read on where things are going and 4GWE is the one event which will help answer your questions .
In the 19th century dogs were more likely to be selected for their strength and skills , so they were able to earn their keep guarding homes and livestock and fetching the quarry on a hunting trip .
Al Gore , the former US vice - president and winner of the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on the dangers of climate change , called on the world yesterday to focus more on global warming and less on celebrities , in particular , O J Simpson , Paris Hilton and Anna Nicole Smith .
He named the jailed ex-All American football player , the attention - seeking hotel heiress and the late sex symbol to thousands of delegates at the UN climate conference at Poznan in Poland , as distractions from the greatest crisis the world had ever faced .
Mr Gore appealed for people to be optimistic about the possibility of concluding a new climate treaty at the UN meeting in Copenhagen a year from now , saying the election of Barack Obama as President would mean that the United States would once more " engage vigorously " with the negotiating process , from which George W Bush withdrew .
He said : " We have to overcome the paralysis that has prevented us from acting and focus clearly and unblinkingly on this crisis , rather than on spending so much time on O J Simpson , and Paris Hilton and Anna Nicole Smith . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Gore called for the world to aim for a new and much more stringent target for cutting the greenhouse gas emissions which are causing global warming ; the present target , of 450 parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , should be cut back to 350 ppm , he said , a figure which the world has already passed ( the present level is more than 380 ppm ) .
Warning !
This post contains many spoilers for both Starslip and Bioshock Infinite .
Proceed at your own peril .
I finished Bioshock Infinite a week ago .
I ’ve spent a long chunk of my life — perhaps by now most of it — thinking about many of the story ideas contained in the game .
It ’s structured like Bioshock : what looks like an odd alternate history shooter ends up being a treatise on the failure of some blind devotion to a radical ideology .
↓ Read the rest of this entry …
What 's up with gay penguins and their attempt to show that they are here and indeed queer .
Remember those bent chinese penguins who tried stealing eggs to raise a kid and had to be segregated from the rest of the bunch ?
Well the Chinese zoo has decided to give the gay penguins a wedding .
Legal experts are still deliberating whether these are indeed full civil marriages or just a domestic partnership .
Anyways , congrats guys !
“ Art has a function of teaching about the human condition .
We live in hope , hope is fundamental ” – Manoel de Oliveira
Manoel de Oliveira ( photo and quote above ) is a living example for the Portuguese people of how to force their way out of the low growth / low per capita income trap into which they have steadily stuck their neck .
Oliveira celebrated his 100th birthday last December – and how did he celebrate it : by starting work on a new film .
Traditional productivity theory suggests most people slow down with age , but Oliveira seems to have done just the opposite – and since 1990 , he has made at least one film a year .
His secret for longevity , work much and rest little ( oh yes , and also remember that living in hope is fundamental , it ’s funny , but my father who lived to be 84 and worked to 80 gave me the same sort of message ) .
Indeed far from implementing a 35 hour week he seems to only stop on Saturdays – “ This is the only day of the week that I rest , ” he told journalists back in December when he interrupted shooting on his latest film to give them a rare press conference .
So in a country where the average age of leaving the labour force is currently 63 , and where raising employment participation rates is a national priority , what better example of a “ local hero ” than Manoel .
What follows will be an attempt to reveal just what it was he was so meticulously trying to capture with his camera in the photo above .
Just call me an inveterate “ peeping tom ” , lookout Portugal all is now going to be revealed !
But Some Reasons Why We Are A Little Short On Hope Right Now
Portugal , it seems lives in perpetual hope , hope for that sustained and substantial recovery which always , somehow and disappointingly , lies waiting for it just around that next corner but never actually appears .
Equally Portugal is not in recession , at least not yet it is n’t , although if we look at the most recent movements in the EU economic sentiment indicator , the Portuguese economy could hardly be said to be passing through one of its best moments .
The thing is , since the turn of the century it has been hard for anyone to identify one of those “ better moments ” in the Portuguese case , or to offer some empirical justification for that evident existential need we all have to eternally live in hope .
Having said this , Portugal could also hardly be said to be riding the wave of a boom - bust trajectory ( like its Iberian counterpart and neighbour ) , since if you never got the boom in the first place , well you obviously are n’t going to get the bust part either .
So it should not surprise us to find that after contracting slightly during the first quarter of 2008 , the Portuguese economy has continued to move forward , and was even continuing to “ sustain ” a 0.7 % year on year growth in Q3 2008 .
Hardly spectacular , but then ( as we shall see ) Portuguese growth has hardly been spectacular in recent years , but equally far from being a “ worst case scenario ” .
But then , as we know , everything that lives was born to die , and so it will be even with Portugal ’s current ( lacklustre ) expansion , with the Portuguese economy seemingly set to contract this year for the first time since 2003 as its main export markets weaken and Portuguese consumers rein in their spending .
Portugal ’s central bank now expect the economy to shrink by 0.8 percent in 2009 – a downward revision from its July forecast for a 1.3 percent expansion .
Also according to the bank , the countryâ€™s economy probably grew 0.3 percent last year , a prognosis which seems reasonably realistic following Prime Minister Jose Socrates recent admission that the economy shrank 0.1 percent in the third quarter .
So even while Portugal sustains , resistance , this year at least , would seem to be futile .
The Short Terms Dials All Move Over To Red
All the main short term indicators ( industrial output , retail sales , employment etc ) showed significant weakening in the second half of 2008 ( industrial output , in particular , really went west in the second half – and together with manufacturing industry , construction activity was down , although it is important to note that in Portugal ’s case construction was never really “ up ” – or at least in recent years it was n’t as we will see below ) .
Industrial output was down 2.9 % in October over October 2007 , and contracted on a year on year basis in each of the five previous months ( see chart below ) .
Retail sales were down 1.6 % year on year in November and by 1.4 % from October ( seasonally adjusted ) .
As just one indicator of the way demand for some Portuguese products is waning at this point , the three European countries most affected by the heavy - truck sales plunge are Spain , Portugal and Germany , with respective declines of 58 percent , 40 percent and 34 percent registered in November .
As in other countries the automotive sector is being particularly hard hit , and the government announced a 200 million euro credit line for auto and car parts exporters back in December .
The package , agreed between the government and companies including Volkswagen and Peugeot Citroen includes 70 million euros for training courses for some 10,000 employees – the Portuguese association of auto industry producers has estimated that the downturn in car sales will lead to 12,000 job losses during the first half of 2009 .
Economy Minister Manuel Pinho has stated that , including trade credit insurance of 300 million euros and the potential investments that the incentives should generate , the total value of the government plan is likely to be in the region of 900 million euros – not a lot of money in terms of the sort of programmes being seen in countries like the United States , but for a small , comparatively poor country like Portugal , with a government debt problem to think about , hardly insignificant .
Ever Weakening Trend Growth ?
As the big wheel of global events follows its charted course , Portugal can at least be thankful for small mercies , since the country is not suffering under the added burden of a housing crash ( it is not an Ireland , or a Spain , or the UK , or even , dare I say it , Denmark ) , for the very simple and straightforward reason that it never had a housing boom in the first place ( or better but , since the late 1990s it has n’t had one , and one of the purposes of this article will be to examine just why that is ) .
Portugal ’s problems are , unfortunately , more long term and more endemic , strikingly similar in many ways to those of Italy .
So we should beware of making a simplistic generalisation and talking about a North - South divide in the eurozone .
The economic profile of Portugal ( or Italy ) is really rather different from that of Spain ( or Greece ) , in much the same way that France ’s economy is essentially very different from Germany ’s ( of course , Sir Roy Harrod will probably be turning over in his grave at this point , with the thought of what this might imply for the theory of “ convergence ” , but for now we might perhaps leave him in his tomb to timelessly struggle with this rather thankless labour and move on , since before jumping to too many overhasty generalisations it may be worth first examining in detail the actual dynamics of a number of the individual eurozone economies ) .
The nice thing about empirically grounded sciences is the freedom they give their practitions to follow ( or chase after ) the “ facts ” , without the pressure of being compelled a - priori to reach premature conclusions , regardless of whether or not it is considered to be politically – or incorrect – so to do ( hence Ben Bernanke ’s multiple references in “ The Euro At Five ” to the eurozone as a great experiment , a “ natural experiment in monetary economics ” ) .
We economists have to learn to live with the experimental nature of our science , even if the “ rats in the maze ” may get somewhat frustrated with our efforts at times .
Now if we look at the chart below we can see that if quarterly growth in Portugal is sluggish , this sluggishness has in fact been operative over quite a long period of time .
In fact since Q1 2000 Portugal has had 2 recessions ( when defined as two successive quarters of negative growth ) : in Q3 / Q4 2002 , and Q3 / Q4 2004 .
There have also been 7 more quarters where growth has been negative : Q2 2000 , Q1 2001 , Q2 2003 , Q3 2005 , Q3 2007 , Q1 and Q3 2008 .
That is out of a total of 30 quarters , the Portuguese economy has contracted in 11 , or around 30 % and the average GDP growth rate has been 0.37 % per quarter or 1.48 % per annum .
For a country whose per capita income is the lowest in the EU15 , and which is badly in need of “ catch up ” growth this is hardly a happy situation , and beyond the national administration should be giving food for thought for those resposible for economic policy across the Eurozone , and also among those among the EU10 who have recently joined , or are set to join , the common currency area .
Even more worryingly , Portuguese growth seems to have gone through three phases since the early 1980s , with each “ wave ” being weaker , and indeed during the years since entering the eurozone Portugal seems to have gotten absolutely no “ boost ” whatsoever .
No Housing Crash Or Pile Of Toxic Debt In Portugal
So what could explain this evidently “ sub - par ” performance ?
Well , during the years of ERM participation ( the precursor of the euro ) Portugal ’s nominal interest rates dropped from 16 % in 1992 to the 4 % eurozone entry rate at the start of 2001 – while real interest rates dropped from 6 % to zero – so the problem does n’t appear to be – prima facie – what you could call an overly tight monetary regime : post euro- creation ECB interest rate policy has been largely accommodative to Portugal , and in particular interest rates were , by and large , negative during the entire period between the end of 2001 and the end of 2006 .
Yet , economic activity remained sluggish throughout this period , and even the construction sector showed little sign of life .
In fact the last house price spike Portugal had was in the years 1998 / 99 , and during most of the years since Portugal joined the euro ( as can be seen in the chart below ) house prices have in fact been falling .
( Please click on image for better viewing )
And if we look at the construction output charts , during all of 2006 and throughout the first half of 2007 the Portuguese construction industry seems to have been in something of a deep slump .
Even more preoccupyingly , Portugal ’s construction industry seems to have past its historic peak in 2000 , with the output index declining steadily ever since .
While the banking system may not be the most splendid of health ( remember there is that little issue of the current account deficit to finance ) , it has not taken any kind of “ full frontal ” hit from the global financial turmoil – having little exposure to US sub - prime type debt , and no large pile of housing loan defaults set – Spansih style – to arrive and spoil the party .
So Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates may well have been right when he reiterated recently his government ’s view that no major Portuguese banks are likely to fail .
However , since the global financial crisis hit major U.S. and European banks last October , the Portuguese government has reacted by offering state guarantees of up to 20 billion euros on bank loans and 4 billion euros in capital for local banks .
Portugal ’s top banks – Millennium BCP , Banco Espirito Santo and Banco BPI – all seem to weathered the crisis relatively well so far .
The government has had to nationalize the small private bank Banco Portugues de Negocios ( BCN ) while a consortium of larger banks have been invovled in rescuing Banco Privado Portugues ( BPP ) , but the financial problems here preceded the current global financial crisis and seem to have been merely exacerbated by the credit crunch .
The 2009 prospects for Portugal ’s construction sector seem pretty bleak for 2009 – after the sector probably failed to expand in 2008 , following six previous years of decline .
Manuel Reis Campos , president of the Portuguese Federation of Construction Industry and Public Works ( FEPICOP ) , expects turnover to be around 20 billion euros in 2008 , a similar number to 2007 .
“ At the start of the year we were saying the sector was going to grow 2.5
percent and what happened is that we have lost another year , ” Reis Campos told
Reuters .
“ The overall sector progress is going to stagnate in 2008 , ” he said .
“ The situation is so bad and the employment issue so serious that any ( 2009 )
forecasts have to be very cautious . ”
Campos said the industry has been in decline since 2002 “ and it ’s not a result of the current international situation ” .
He expects the situation to improve in 2009 on the back of government infrastructural project ( see below ) but his outlook for residential construction is for yet another decline – possibly by between 3 percent and 5 percent .
Residential construction has the heaviest weighting in the construction sector ( 38 percent ) and the industry accounts for 5.6 percent of gross domestic product employing 11 percent of the workforce ( 560,000 jobs ) .
Real Effective Exchange Rate
One explanation which is often offered when people come to look at Portugal concerns what has been happening to what is called the Real Effective Exchange Rate .
Now the Real Effective Exchange Rate ( or REER ) of a country is an instrument which can be used to assess price or cost competitiveness relative to the position of the country ’s principal competitors .
The REER is an instrument which is widely favoured by economists since competitiveness depend not only on exchange rate movements but also on cost and price trends .
Eurostat offers us one such measure of REER , and the REER used in the construction of the Eurostat Indicator has been deflated by nominal unit labour costs ( for each economy as a whole ) against a panel of 36 countries ( EU27 + Australia , Canada , United States , Japan , Norway , New Zealand , Mexico , Switzerland , and Turkey ) .
A rise in the index means a loss of competitiveness ( taking into account productivity changes via the movement in comparative unit costs ) , and as we can see in the chart below , Portugal has substantially lost competitiveness against Germany since 1995 .
Were a convergence in living standards taking place between Portugal and Germany via a more effective use of a pre-existing labour force , or a boost in productivity achieved through a shift across productive sectors ( eg away from agriculture and into knowledge economy products ) the we would not expect to see this pattern , since any increase in living standards would be accompanied by a maintenance in the competitive position .
( This point , in Portugal ’s case , is unfortunately highly theoretical , since as we will see below , convergence in living standards is not in fact taking place .
That is , Portugal really is stuck ) .
In fact I have been a little naughty here , since I have also included Spain in the comparison .
I have done this since the argument that Portugal has lost competitiveness against Germany is fine as far as it goes , but as an explanation for why Portugal ’s growth has stagnated post 2000 it is clearly insufficient , since growth in Spain – at least up to 2007 – has been rather stellar , so the question should really not be why is Portugal so different from Germany , but why is Portugal so different from Spain ( as I said above , we should n’t be dividing Europe simply along a north south axis , and that the differences within regions ( like also the Germany - Spain one ) are also interesting and very , very revealing .
Now basically it seems to me that you can say either one of two things , but not both of them at the same time .
Either Portugal should have had the same growth as Spain ( all other things being equal ) , or Spain should have had as little growth as Portugal did .
In reality the likelihood is that both countries have had their growth paths rather skewed ( in opposite directions ) by participation in monetary union , but going further along this path at this point would take us well beyond the matter in hand .
So what we have here is a very strange state of affairs indeed , and it should lead us to ask ourselves just what it is than has been going on in Portugal over all this time ?
In addition , and as can be seen below , Portugal ’s relative GDP per capita ( vis a vis the EU27 ) has declined steadily since euro membership , after reaching a high point in 1999 .
So What Is The Root Of The Problem ?
Just what has been going on all this time in Portugal then ?
Perhaps the most systematic piece of work to date is a paper written by MIT Professor and Current IMF Research Director Olivier Blanchard – Adjustment within the euro .
The difficult case of Portugal .
Blanchard ’s argument , which is certainly the most coherent “ mainstream narrative ” we have at this point – and I hope I am not simplifying his argument excessively – would seem to run as follows :
In the first place Blanchard divides Portuguese growth into two periods .
During the first of these – running roughly from 1995 to 2001 – Portugal experienced reasonably healthy GDP growth , a steady decrease in unemployment , all acompanied by a rapidly growing current account deficit .
During the second period , roughly since 2001 , there has been continuously weak economic growth , a steady increase in unemployment , while the current account deficit has remained stubbornly high , and even ( since his paper was written ) increased .
Blanchard argues that the proximate cause of Portugal ’s mid 1990s boom was participation in the ERM and in the build up to the euro ( the longer term cause would , I feel , be some yet to be identified underlying structural transformation that was going on , trying to get to grips with this is the point of this article ) .
This participation combined with expectations that participation in the euro would lead to faster convergence and thus faster growth for Portugal , lead to an increase in both consumption and investment .
But , of course , as we have seen , this convergence did not take place , nor does it appear likely to do so .
During this phase Portugal ’s budget deficit decreased slightly , although discretionary fiscal policy was generally expansionary .
Blanchard makes the point that between 1995 and 2001 the cyclically adjusted primary deficit ( adjusted for the effects of lower interest rates and output growth ) increased by roughly 4 % .
This choice of dates does seem to me however to be rather tendentious , since – as we can see from the chart below – the main increases in the deficit came after 1999 , and in that sense are not really part of the period that should most concern us , which is the one immediately prior to the domestic consumption and construction fixed investment blow out .
One possibility here would have be that the budget deficit simply “ crowded out ” private activity , and placed an excessive burden on an already overstrained capacity .
But if we come to look closely at the timing of things , this argument may be harder to sustain than seems at first sight ( and indeed government spending as a percentage of GDP only really started to rise sharply after 1999 – see chart further down the post – and thus post dates the contraction in private consumption ) .
The fiscal deficit was in fact reducing from 1994 to 1999 , and only started to rise again after 1999 .
On the other hand , if we look at private consumption growth , we find a rather different pattern , since private consumption growth peaked in Q1 1999 , and then dropped back steadily all the way through to Q2 2001 , at just the time the fiscal deficit was increasing .
So the increase in government spending can be thought of as a knock - on consequence of the decline in private consumption growth and not the other way round .
It was simply due to the automatic stabilisers coming into action .
So the big question is why , in the Portuguese case , the construction and consumption boom came to an end when it did , while it continued and even accelerated in Spain and Greece , rather than why the fiscal deficit started to increase .
The drop in unemployment which accompanied the initial boom lead to significant labour market tightening , and this tightening – coupled with rising EU convergence expectations and talk of Harrod - Balassa effects and suchlike – produced a situation where wages increased rapidly in comparison with other EU countries .
Again we should note the similarity between what happened in Portugal and what has been happening over the last two or three years in Eastern Europe , where certainly the comination of sharp decreases in unemployment and strong euro area membership expectations has acted like putting a lighted match to a tinderbox .
To take just one example , when Portugal joined the EU in 1986 workers without college education earned only 50 % of corresponding French wages in PPP terms , while college graduates earned 72 % .
By 1994 unskilled and skilled wages had risen to 67 % and 93 % of French wages respectively .
In addition , nominal wage growth was significantly higher than labour productivity growth , leading unit labor costs to rise at a substantially faster rate than the euro area average .
Hence Portugal ’s competitiveness deteriorated , as did its goods trade deficit .
Blanchard takes the view that unemployment at the start of the first period was above what he terms “ the natural rate ” – since , he argues , while an unemployment rate of 7.3 % ( 1996 ) is not especially high by EU standards , it was high in terms of what Portugal had become accustomed to by the early 1990s .
Thus he considers that capacity existed for some growth in excess of “ normal ” was not problematic .
By the end of the 1990s – so the argument goes – unemployment had become lower than the “ natural rate ” and non-inflationary “ catch - up ” growth started to become problematic – again it would be interesting to make a comparison with what just happened in Eastern Europe in this context .
Blanchard also takes the view ( and I thoroughly concur ) that some degree of current account deficit was clearly justifed in Portugal in the mid 1990s ( since if everyone runs a suplus the whole global system cannot work ) , given that the arrival of both a lower real interest rate together and expectations for faster “ catch - up ” growth is likely to stimulate higher private spending , be this from private consumption or be it from investment .
The real real issue is that this boom , in theory at least , should lead to a structural transition to higher productivity and higher value added activities , and the issue in Portugal ’s case is that the needed and anticipated higher labor productivity growth simply did not materialize .
Instead , productivity growth nearly vanished , averaging 0.2 % per year from 2001 to 2005 .
The end result was that the investment boom came to an end as household spending effectively stalled due to the high levels of household debt which were accumulating and the deterioration in future prospects which was taking place ( can anyone else smell the Baltics here ?? ) .
So private consumtion growth stalled and household saving increased .
The end consequence has been that , in an environment where increasing exports to drive GDP growth became very difficult due to the absence of an independent currency and monetary policy and a lack of price competitiveness , the slower rate of consumption growth and the consequent weak investment demand have led to an enduring output slump , while Portugal ’s unemployment rate has now returned to its former higher level ( 7.9 % ) and the current account deficit has steadily increased , reaching 9.4 % of GDP in 2007 .
Spain , Portugal and …… Hungary
Several commentators have drawn attention to the similarities which may be discovered by scrutinising Portugal in the context of recent events in the East of Europe ( see this example from Christoph Rosenberg ) , and I would like to take this opportunity to draw attention to the remarkable common points I have been finding between what happened in Portugal in the 1990s and what has been happening in Hungary since 2005 ( or see this earlier post ) .
In the first place because both countries found themselves faced with a twin deficits crisis , both saw fiscal spending surge sharply upwards as a response to a sudden drop in domestic consumption , both have been unable to sufficiently ramp up exports as a result of excessive downward rigidity is the wage setting process , both have had absolutely stagnant employment growth , and both , and here is the really unusual detail , were experiencing downward movements in their population at the time their problem really got going .
Quite what connection one thing has with the other reamins to be established , but I beg to suggest that this correlation is far from incidental .
If we look at the Portuguese case we can see the downtick in overall population numbers quite clearly when we look at the relevant chart ( see below ) , the unusual thing about the Portuguese case this is more the by product of “ freedom of EU movement ” outmigration ( more appropriate to the Baltic and South East Europe connection than the Hungary one ) than it was to the impact of lowest - low fertility , since while Portugal ’s fertility has been below replacement level since 1982 , it only really fell below the critical 1.5 T fr rate in 1994 .
If we look at the long term migration chart , we can see where the root of the problem was .
And if we also look at the chart below and see how the supply of remittances has dried up ( ie all these potential young consumers have now become a net loss to the economy ) we can perhaps begin to understand how it was that domestic consumption started to stagnate .
In theoretical terms economists have long spoken about the possibility of having multiple “ equilibria ” , and how economic processes are to a certain degree “ path dependent ” , well in the cases of Spain and Portugal we could n’t have a clearer example I think .
If we look at net migration between 2000 and 2008 , the difference between the two countries is plain to see .
Spain went up and up .
While Portugal went down and down ( see below ) .
We could n’t have a clearer example of the contrast between positive and negative feedback processes , illustration of how most contemporary migrant flows are “ labour market driven ” .
And again , if we think about house prices ( see earlier Portugal chart ) Spain was going through an enormous asset price inflation boom during these very same years .
So Spain and Portugal were receiving one and the same monetary policy , with very different results in each case , since while Spain ’s inflation accelerated during the highpoint of monetary easing , Portugal ’s rate even dropped .
This should give some food for thought to all those who simplistically talk about the “ pernicious ” effects of low interest rates .
And again , as can be seen in the next chart , one and the same monetary stimulus lead to very different domestic consumption paths .
Indeed while Spain ’s unemployment fell during the first years of euro membership , Portugal ’s unemployment actually went up .
And yet if anything average annual wage cost growth in Portugal has been lower .
In Conclusion – Going Off The Rails In Portugal ?
This is where Portugal is today .
In the absence of policy changes , the most likely scenario is one of competitive disinflation , a period of sustained high unemployment until competitiveness has been reestablished , the current account deficit and unemployment are reduced …………
It is a process fraught with dangers , both economic and political , and one which can easily derail .
Olivier Blanchard – Adjustment within the euro .
The diÂ±cult case of Portugal , November 2006 .
Well what we most certainly have not seen in the Portuguese case in any sort of credible process of competitive disinflation ( which makes me wonder about the extent to which any such process could work in an East European context like Latvia or Hungary , if the prospect of Eurozone membership is dangled out just before them – falling wages never prove popular anywhere , and politicians have a strange habit of not carrying through things which turn out to be unpopular ) .
So has Portugals economic and political development process been thrown off the rails .
I fear it has .
Possibly the clearest example of the extent to which Portugal ’s economy has been “ derailed ” is to be found in the stagnation of the labour market .
After shooting up as the turn of the century ( possibly in a process which involved deep “ whitening ” of the submerged economy , see chart ) the number of people employed in Portugal has actually marked time , and now during the present global recession it may even drop back again , to what would effectively be pre 2000 levels .
And now with a global economic crisis breathing down our necks the situation is likely to get worse not better .
Indeed Portugal has just announced a 2.2 billion euro package to boost its flagging economy .
No harm in that , but when will we really bring the fiscal deficit adjustment to a satisfactory conclusion ?
The package will focus on investment in schools , boosting technology and alternative energy .
The finance minister has said the package is expected to give a 0.7 percentage point boost to GDP in 2009 .
In 2008 , the general government deficit was forecast at 2.25 % of GDP , down from 2.6 % of GDP in 2007 , but this number now seems to be out of date hardly before the ink was dry .
In fact the government deficit is now projected to rebound to over 3 % of GDP in 2009 , this is hardly alarming given the global backdrop , but it is also far from being a positive development .
On the revenue front , the economic downturn is expected to take a significant toll on tax proceeds , while on the spending side , some acceleration is expected on the back of higher social transfers , which reflect , first , the ( partial ) indexation of cash transfers to the previous year ’s inflation rate ; second , recent policy measures , and , third , no further decline in unemployment benefits .
Among new spending plans there is a 43 billion euro public - private infrastructure development plan ( which is set to run through to 2017 ) , and which includes projects to build a new international airport near Lisbon and a bridge over the Tagus river .
The government has also approved an economic stimulus package worth nearly 2.2 billion euros .
For 2010 , applying a simple no-policy change assumption , the EU commission currently forecast the government deficit to be around 3.25 % of GDP , thus after falling in 2007 , the government debt to GDP ratio is projected to resume its upward trend and reach 66.5 % of GDP by 2010 .
And this on a “ best case ” ( no policy change assumption ) scenario , when clearly there is abundant downside risk to any present forecast .
Of course another of the problems Portugal will have in 2009 is that of financing and reducing its current account deficit , which is estimated by the IMF to have hit 12 % of GDP in 2008 .
In particualr I would draw attention to the structural damage to the income account ( see chart below ) which has been caused by the external financing required by so many years of running such large deficits .
Thus as we get into 2010 / 11 the risk of a serious financing problem on the back of a pair of “ twin deficits ” which simply get worse and worse is hardly to be taken lightly .
Is There A Deflation Risk ?
Portugal is currently undergoing something of a strong disinflation process , with the annual CPI falling from a high of 3.4 % in June to 1.4 % in November .
Not only that , the general HICP index has actually declined on a month on month basis for four of the last five months .
And the danger is that demand falls Portugal could be dragged off behind it into deflation territory .
And the coming contraction could be a sharp one with both Bank of America and Deutsche Bank predicting that the economy of the 16 nations that share the euro will shrink by 2.5 percent this year .
European Central Bank council member and Bank of Portugal Governor Vitor Constancio is aware of the danger and has indicated that the ECB is prepared to reduce borrowing costs further to prevent inflation slowing â€œsignificantlyâ€ below its 2 percent ceiling , even going so far , if necessary , as to introduce some variant of quantitative easing .
He still thinks it wo n’t happen , but he is well aware of the possibility , as indeed we all should be .
Ciudad de M�xico | Viernes 23 de enero de 2009
Noem� Guti�rrez | El Universal
20:16
A sus 88 a�os , Concepci�n Torres Villarreal se titul� como doctora en Ciencias Biol�gicas de la UNAM .
Con la tesis " La ense�anza de la biolog �a en el nivel medio superior ( bachillerato ) " , " Conchita " -- como la llaman sus familiares , amigos y alumnos -- aprob� el examen de doctorado .
En el aula de ex�menes profesionales de la Facultad de Ciencias ( FC ) en Ciudad Universitaria , Torres Villarreal �resalt� ante los sinodales�la importancia de impulsar la formaci�n de alumnos dependiendo de sus aptitudes y que los maestros no s�lo deben evaluar de acuerdo a sus criterios .
Hace 30 a�os " Conchita " se jubil� tras compartir sus conocimientos y experiencias en las aulas de la Escuela Nacional Preparatoria ( ENP ) .
cagf
One of Tony Blair 's flagship projects as international Middle East envoy – and one of his most concrete achievements to date – was emergency work on a sewage plant in northern Gaza to stop it overflowing and endangering the lives of some 10,000 people .
Now , it has emerged that Israeli forces severely damaged parts of the plant during their 22 - day offensive and the project – which was due for completion at the end of this week – has been delayed for two months , with repairs expected to cost $ 200,000 ( £ 140,000 ) .
Although the damage to Mr Blair 's project close to the border with Israel in northern Gaza is modest compared with the overall destruction across the Strip and a Gazan death toll put by the Palestinian Ministry of Health at more than 1,200 , it has considerable political and diplomatic significance .
It is virtually the only major development aid project which has been allowed to go ahead since Israel imposed its blockade on Gaza 18 months ago .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Blair , who has already raised the issue with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Defence Minister Ehud Barak , had worked intensively to secure Israeli approval for vital components to be brought into Gaza for the works despite Israel 's 18 - month - long economic siege .
The bulk of the North Gaza emergency sewage treatment project was due for completion in early January and the rest by the end of this week but it is now unlikely to be completed until March at the earliest .
The damage to the project also prolongs the period before pressure can be relieved on the waste water lagoons at Beit Lahiya .
This is necessary to remove the risk of a repeat of the flood which engulfed a nearby Bedouin encampment in March 2007 , when five Palestinians were killed in the overflow of raw sewage after the earth walls of the cesspool collapsed and another 1,500 local residents were displaced .
A lesser risk is that the level of the sewage lakes will reach the overflow which would pump the sewage on to the crowded streets of Jabalya , another northern Gaza town .
Officials in the Quartet envoy 's office have already begun fresh negotiations with Israeli ministers to bring in replacement components for the repairs though it was not yet clear who will supply the concrete after the destruction of the Abu Eida works .
Gaza 's biggest ready - mix concrete factory , allowed to import cement especially to supply the sewage project , has also been flattened by Israeli bombing .
Mr Blair 's office confirmed yesterday that the Abu Eida works had been its earmarked concrete supplier .
According to a preliminary Palestinian Water Authority assessment , seen by The Independent , the main damage during Israel 's military campaign was inflicted on the infiltration basins , including their electrical control room , and the main ductile iron pressure pipe .
Their report claims that the upper chambers at five of the basins were " deliberately destroyed " by bulldozers and that fuel tanks have been badly damaged with all the diesel being poured out and one tank being thrown into one of the basins , with consequent pollution to ground water .
The PWA report also says that there were four air strikes along the route of the ductile pipe , including one which formed a " huge hole " , now filled with water .
The report acknowledges that it has so far been difficult to estimate damage to the pressure line but cites eye witnesses as saying that it was partly damaged .
Meanwhile , Gaza 's Coastal Municipal Water Utility says $ 6 m will be needed for reconstruction after war damage to the already stricken water and sewerage network , including the destruction of three wells serving around 50,000 residents in northern Gaza .
But the Israeli military appears to have honoured a special request from Mr Blair at the outset of the war not to endanger the lives of residents by attacking the Beit Lahiya sewage lakes themselves .
This was strongly reinforced by a warning from the World Bank that 10,000 people were at risk of drowning by the combination of possible bombardment and the inability to operate pumps because of the now chronic shortage of electricity and fuel in Gaza .
A UN report this week said water and sewage supplies were improving in northern and central Gaza with 70 per cent of the system functioning but warned of continued shortages of drinking water and overflowing sewage .
I read an interesting blog post a while back called the Austrian delusion .
I think the criticism are , for the most part either without merit altogether , or haphazardly miscast as applicable to any “ Austrian ” , when the plain fact of the matter is that there are people of many different political creeds that are associated with Austrian economics .
So , in other words , “ Austrian ” economics is right — no matter what evidence can be presented — because it is based logical deductions from axioms which are , by definition , true .
Capitalism is great because 2+2=4
It ’s not that vulgar , is it ?
No , it ’s not .
If you read things like Jim Davies ’ most recent post on STR ( Misallocation ) , you ’ll see that what many “ Austrians ” or near - Austrians mean by “ capitalism ” or “ free markets ” is markedly at odds with either the Marxist conception thereof , or the current state of affairs .
Without getting into a semantic debate , I think it ’s more than fair to ask that people stop relying on intentionally misrepresentative assumptions and / or loaded , emotionally charged definitions .
any problems we face now are due to the state and most definitely not due to the profit seeking activities of business men — unless they are bankers , of course , but even then it is all the fault of the central bank …
So , variations on that theme .
Also , of course , they will be stressing that the state should do nothing , that wages should be cut ( although the impact of that may not be what they hope ) , that people should be thrown out of their homes if they cannot pay the rent or mortgage , and so on .
Once the collapse if finished , then the economy will bounce back better than ever but the pain is good for the economy — and serves you right for not worshipping at the idol of von Mises !
This is not a flaw specific to “ Austrians ” , it ’s a deductive error committed by a great deal of right - libertarians no matter what school of economic thought with which they self - identify .
It ’s an inadvertent , but obvious error , to paraphrase : the state is the cause of all the problems , but they take for granted ( and often apologize for ) a great deal of the institutional inequalities that are likely byproducts of the State , assuming that these same institutional arrangements would persist in the absence of a State or neglecting to account for any other possibilities .
As an example , suggesting that people should be “ thrown out of their homes if they cannot pay the rent or mortgage ” presupposes that the creditor has a superior and morally justifiable claim to the property in question .
In many , if not most , if not all circumstances , it is not at all the case , that the creditor has a superior claim based on the no-interest nature of the fiat money loan “ contract . ”
The key problem with the “ Austrian ” theory is that it bases the crisis in banks artificially lowering the rate of interest from its equilibrium ( “ natural ” ) price .
This has three major problems : 1 . It is in contradiction with their normal claim that equilibrium is a meaningless concept and unlikely to exist in reality .
Except , apparently , in the banking industry ( where it can be used to demonise the state for the failings of capitalism ) and in the labour market ( where it can be used to bash unions and such like ) .
A “ natural ” price is not the same as an “ equilibrium ” price .
A “ natural ” price occurs in the absence of state intervention .
An “ equilibrium ” price does not exist because circumstances are in constant flux .
2 . It is in contradiction with their defence of entrepreneurial activity within capitalism .
After all , why do banks artificially lower interest rates ?
To make money by meeting customer demand !
It seems hard to blame the government when ( as Minsky argues ) such activity is a natural part of the entrepreneurial activities of the banks seeking profits .
I respectfully disagree .
Banks loan money into existence in order to earn a profit without putting any of their own skin in the game .
As long as they continue to loan money , they make a nominal profit which is realized before prices have fully risen as a result of the increased MS .
If for some reason they ca n’t print / loan any more money , they have to call in their loans — a painful process which allows the banks to take title to real assets for which they risked nothing , in the first place .
The entrepreneur always has his own skin in the game .
Anything else is rent - seeking .
Stop calling it “ entrepreneurship ” .
Such activity which would be otherwise intolerable , is encouraged by the government .
The artificial lowering of interest rates is predicated upon a foundation of fractional reserve banking , which permits ( among other things ) certain individuals / institutions to create pure debt obligations out of thin air , which the market is forced to accept at par value with legitimate money .
Morally flawed , corrupt or corruptible individuals are far more likely to prosper in any system that tolerates or encourages the extraction of unearned rents .
The State is such a system .
3 . It is also ignores that an interest rate , firstly , does not reflect the time preference of individuals and , secondly , even if it did , it is also the source of income for banks !
Hence they have a market interest to act as they do , regardless of whether there is central banking or not .
I do not think you know what “ interest ” is ( especially in regards to originary / natural interest derived as a function of time preference ) .
The interest rate is not the source of profits for banks , rather it is the yield spread between what they pay to borrow money , and what they charge to loan money .
This would conceivably be true for an individual capitalist , except he is rarely in a position ( on a free market ) to borrow low and sell high , pocketing the yield spread .
Instead , in order to earn interest , he has to forsake a certain amount of income or property that he has already earned , for a period of time .
His “ cost of borrowing ” is actually a his opportunity cost — that which he might ’ve otherwise earned , or that consumption he might ’ve otherwise enjoyed .
For further reading , I have a particularly detailed post about the Malinvestment , as a consequence of fiat money inflation , suffice to say that “ these same institutional arrangements ” would not be long for this world in a truly free market .
I ’ve also got a lengthy post about Entrepreneurs , the Firm , and the Knowledge Problem , which in my experience is the syndicalist - left ’s favorite free market whipping boy .
Police in Sydney 's south - west say it is only a matter of time before they arrest people over the nation 's biggest seizure of pirated DVDs .
About one million pirated discs of Asian television shows and music were allegedly found in five raids in the area this morning .
The police were called on to carry out the search warrants by an investigation company hired by the copyright owners .
Jarrod Bowditch works for the investigation company and says the number of discs found is a record .
" We believe it 's the largest seizure in Australia for pirated discs , " he said .
" We were involved in one in Victoria earlier this year and that was about half a million , so obviously [ this one ] about twice the size of that one . "
He said the discs were being sold out of a shop in the Cabramatta area .
" It 's very profitable for the pirates , but you can imagine the copyright owners are losing millions of dollars as well because they 're not being able to receive the income from their legitimate sales , " he said .
Internet map as of 16th January .
Image : Internet Mapping Project , Bell Labs / Lumeta Corporation
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Originally , Moore ’s Law described the number of transistors that can fit on an integrated circuit , which doubles approximately every 18 months .
Now , a team of researchers from China has discovered that Moore ’s Law can also describe the growth of the Internet .
In a recent study , the researchers have predicted that the Internet will double in size every 5.32 years .
That finding is one of several results from the study published by Guo - Qing Zhang , et al. , in a recent issue of the New Journal of Physics .
The researchers investigated the evolution of large - scale Internet topology , or how the Internet is structured and connected .
Based on routing data of six - month intervals from December 2001 to December 2006 , the researchers predicted not only the Internet ’s exponential growth rate which follows Moore ’s Law , but also more specifically how the Internet evolves .
The study looked at the Internet not in terms of Web sites in the World Wide Web , but at the level of autonomous systems ( AS ) .
As Zhang explained , an AS , the unit of routing policy , is an administrative routing domain that can apply its own policy , which is a result of a mutual commercial agreement between autonomous systems .
A university , an ISP , or a large company network can own an AS .
In the researchers ’ model , each node represents an autonomous system .
A link between two autonomous systems is , in the real world , both physical ( i.e. optical fiber cables connecting the two networks ) and commercial ( i.e. an agreement between the two networks ) .
To identify the core of the Internet , which is the most important part , the researchers used a method called k - core decomposition .
Here , a k - core is gained by recursively removing all nodes ( with their respective links ) with degree less than k .
Very few nodes belong to the core : the most central part of the core ( the nucleus ) contains less than 0.3 % of the total nodes .
Overall , the researchers found that the Internet ’s core and the periphery seem to be governed by different evolutionary mechanisms .
While the core is relatively stable , the majority of the new nodes and edges that contribute to the explosion of the Internet appear in the periphery .
This result contrasts with previous studies , which have shown that the maximum k of the core increases as the size of the full Internet increases .
“ Many models are proposed to predict the evolutionary properties of the Internet in the future , and to our knowledge , these models assume that the central part and the periphery obey the same evolving mechanism , and the maximal connectivity of the Internet should grow very fast , ” Zhang , of the Institute of Computing Technology at the Chinese Academy of Sciences , told PhysOrg.com .
“ Here we show that the maximal degree ( connectivity number ) as well as the size of the central part is relatively stable , and the explosion is mainly contributed by the periphery .
These findings indicate a completely different picture against the previous works , and can be considered as important criteria for modeling the Internet . ”
The most accurate model to describe the Internet evolution may be the so - called positive - feedback preference model .
Here , a node ’s number of links increases as a feedback loop of the node ’s degree .
However , the researchers explain that some other hidden mechanism must exist to explain why the maximum k remains stable .
The results also showed that the Internet overall is more loosely connected than previously thought .
That is , although there is a high density of links connecting to the large - degree nodes ( the “ rich - club phenomenon ” ) , connections between large - degree nodes are relatively sparser than the expected number , given their degrees .
Instead , the results showed an unexpectedly high number of links connecting small - degree nodes , making the Internet more spread out than previously thought .
As the scientists explained , understanding a network ’s topology is a crucial prerequisite for optimizing its performance .
They hope that these results will help lead to an overall model of the Internet .
“ Understanding the Internet topology is crucial for the design of routing protocol , P2P traffic optimization , as well as the design of some intelligent strategies against the congestion and cascading failure , ” said co-author Tao Zhou of the University of Science and Technology of China and the University of Fribourg .
More information : Zhang , Guo-Qing ; Zhang , Guo-Qiang ; Yang , Qing - Feng ; Cheng , Su - Qi ; and Zhou , Tao .
“ Evolution of the Internet and its Cores . ” New Journal of Physics 10 ( 2008 ) 123027 .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Managing data flow to boost cyber- physical system performance
Too Broke For a Vacation ?
Take a Stay - cation
Your budget is stretched , you ’re feeling stressed , your to - do list is longer than your arm , AND your boss is driving you crazy .
You really NEED a vacation .
Funny thing is , vacations can add to your stress .
There ’s planning , packing , getting to the airport and dealing with security , or endless driving and potential road - rage ; and you have n’t even arrived at your destination yet .
Add that to the fact that this misery is going to cost you …
BIG !
The most expensive parts of your vacation are travel expenses and accommodations .
Since you ’ve already paid money to live in your house or apartment then the smartest thing you can do is to stay put , avoid the stress and take a Stay - cation !
Of course you are likely to ask yourself , “ if I just stay put then how is it really a vacation ? ”
Well , why do n’t you think about what a real vacation is .
A vacation is about having fun , eating too much , drinking too much , and not dealing with your actual everyday life .
How can you do this while staying at home ?
Easy !
We ’ve broken it down into 3 budget categories .
You can choose the one you like or mix and match .
It ’s all up to you since it is your stay - cation .
Do n’t forget the ground rules .
1 . No chores .
2 . Do not check your work email .
3 . Do not open your mail .
4. Screen all of your calls so that you only answer the important ones , like party invitations .
These 4 things will take a bit of willpower but are vital to the success of your stay - cation .
Once you get past the first day they will get easier to do .
Mid-Range cost :
Now some of these things may seem a little decadent but you are on vacation and are planning on spending a little bit of money so think of all of the money you saved on hotels and flights to exotic locales and indulge a little in other areas .
Hire a maid for the week .
There can be great joy in coming back to a clean home after a long day of rabble - rousing .
No toys to pick up , no dishes to wash , no beds to make …
It sounds like bliss to me .
There can be great joy in coming back to a clean home after a long day of rabble - rousing .
No toys to pick up , no dishes to wash , no beds to make …
It sounds like bliss to me .
Eat out every meal .
If you were staying at a hotel you would need to eat out at every meal so treat yourself to the same self - indulgence and try out some of the local restaurants that you ’ve never been to before .
If you were staying at a hotel you would need to eat out at every meal so treat yourself to the same self - indulgence and try out some of the local restaurants that you ’ve never been to before .
Get a babysitter and go out like adults do .
At least if you are staying at home you have a baby sitter you can trust close by so you do n’t have to worry about a stranger looking after your little ones .
At least if you are staying at home you have a baby sitter you can trust close by so you do n’t have to worry about a stranger looking after your little ones .
Take a cab .
If you are going out to have a few drinks with your partner , you do n’t want to worry about a designated driver .
Enjoy yourself without worrying about how you are going to get home .
If you are going out to have a few drinks with your partner , you do n’t want to worry about a designated driver .
Enjoy yourself without worrying about how you are going to get home .
Explore some of your local attractions .
Check with your local Chamber of Commerce or use the Internet to find some of the local treasures you may not have discovered yet .
Try typing “ Things to do ” plus the city or town in your browser and you should find lots of great ideas to get you started .
Low - Cost :
We have n’t cut the expenses down to zero on this one but sometimes it is worth spending a few bucks to have a good time .
Hire a maid on the first day of your vacation .
She / he may not be able to look after the day - to - day untidiness but it will be nice to start your vacation with a clean bathroom and kitchen .
She / he may not be able to look after the day - to - day untidiness but it will be nice to start your vacation with a clean bathroom and kitchen .
Eat out one meal a day and make it lunch .
Most places have great lunch specials that cost about half of what you would pay for the same meal in the evening .
And eating out makes less housework and is fun for a change .
Most places have great lunch specials that cost about half of what you would pay for the same meal in the evening .
And eating out makes less housework and is fun for a change .
Get a babysitter for at least one night or afternoon .
It is a good idea to have adult fun once in awhile .
Check out the local café that hosts poetry readings or open - mic night .
It is a good idea to have adult fun once in awhile .
Check out the local café that hosts poetry readings or open - mic night .
Take a bus .
You can still go out and enjoy a few drinks with your partner but go early so you can catch happy - hour and then take the bus home .
You can still go out and enjoy a few drinks with your partner but go early so you can catch happy - hour and then take the bus home .
Check out the local attractions .
Most museums and art galleries are pretty low cost and full of things to pique your interest .
No -Cost :
It ’s important to get out and enjoy life even if your entertainment budget is zero .
Pack a picnic .
If you ca n’t afford to go out to a restaurant you can still go out .
Get your picnic lunch organized and head to the nearest park or beach .
Both locations are either free or low - cost and you can make the day of it .
If you ca n’t afford to go out to a restaurant you can still go out .
Get your picnic lunch organized and head to the nearest park or beach .
Both locations are either free or low - cost and you can make the day of it .
Trade baby - sitting services with one of your neighbors .
Offer your friends free baby - sitting in the future in exchange for them baby - sitting your little ones now .
Offer your friends free baby - sitting in the future in exchange for them baby - sitting your little ones now .
Take a romantic walk in the park / beach , go hiking on a trail , stargazing , ice skating , sledding , make a snowman … you get the idea .
Just go somewhere and leave the kids at home .
/ beach , go hiking on a trail , stargazing , ice skating , sledding , make a snowman … you get the idea .
Just go somewhere and leave the kids at home .
Explore the no-cost local attractions and monuments .
Most museums and art galleries have some days marked for free admission and your library is chalk full of free books , magazines and movies for you to borrow .
Libraries also often have story time , special activities , crafts for kids , and even concerts by local musicians .
Finally , if you want to do something completely different ( and the weather is nice ) , take your vacation budget and blow it on a backyard stay - cation :
Even if you are stuck at home , it does n’t mean you ca n’t plan a fun and exciting stay - cation .
All you need to do is set your budget , think creatively , do some homework and plan your Best .
Stay - cation .
Ever .
Oh , and do n’t forget to take some great stay - cation photos !
More ideas to make your stay - cation interesting and enjoyable :
It seems that Bloomberg and the South Florida Sun Sentinel are n’t the only media companies having a bad technology month .
BusinessWeek ‘s web site has been attacked by hackers and infected with code designed to deliver malware to readers , according to anti-virus firm Sophos .
Hackers used a SQL injection attack to infect a section of the BusinessWeek site that offers information to MBA students about finding employment .
According to Sophos , hundreds of pages on the web site were affected .
The attack script embedded in BusinessWeek ‘s site would take malware from a Russian web site and deliver it to readers ’ machines .
The Russian site was not online as of this morning when Sophos wrote about it , but since the malware was still on BusinessWeek ‘s site , the attack would work as soon as the hackers revived it .
It ’s not known how long the malware has been on the site or if any readers were infected by it .
Sophos said it informed BusinessWeek of the problem a week ago .
BusinessWeek has released a statement :
“ Online security is a top priority and , while we continue to investigate the matter , we are confident that our readers ’ personal information has not been compromised .
The attack affected only one application within a specific section of our website and that application has been removed .
We continue to work to ensure the integrity of our site and to protect it from future illegal and malicious hacking activity . ”
Here ’s a video from Sophos discussing the attack :
See also :
No , its ' not the name of the latest sushi roll recipe , ( though that would BE DEELICIOUS ! )
Sender - Inner Debbie S. got her first pet , a kitten , and witnessed a little tongue outing .
For your Caturday pleasure , here it is :
TONGUE -HANCE !
Debbie S. , captured perfectly [ tongue slurps back in after making debut ]
Brazilian cross-media designer with 6 years of experience in the market for internet , print and advertising , has developed projects for clients like ABC Television , Atrativa , Bandai , Bavaria , Cartoon Network , Dj Patife , Gafisa , Grupo Pão de Açúcar , Governo de São Paulo , Helbor , I - Play , Imovelweb , Investbolsa , Lycos Networks , Lopes , Microboard , Nestlé , Oi , Petrobras , PlayPhone , PSDB-SP , RatedPhone , Real Arcade , Sega , Skyzone , Sobloco , Spinelli Corretora , Spring It , Tamboré , Wal - Mart among others .
The figure shows aluminum clusters reacting with water to produce hydrogen .
The image on the bottom depicts a water molecule ( one hydrogen atom ( red ball ) and two oxygen atoms ( silver balls ) ) splitting on the surface of an aluminum cluster .
The blue regions are Lewis - acid sites and the orange regions are Lewis - base sites .
The upper - right image shows multiple water molecules binding to the active sites of an aluminum cluster .
The upper - left image shows the release of hydrogen ( two silver balls surrounded by orange halo ) .
Credit : A.C. Reber , VCU / Penn State
Scientists at Penn State University and the Virginia Commonwealth University have discovered a way to produce hydrogen by exposing selected clusters of aluminum atoms to water .
The findings are important because they demonstrate that it is the geometries of these aluminum clusters , rather than solely their electronic properties , that govern the proximity of the clusters ' exposed active sites .
The proximity of the clusters ' exposed sites plays an important role in affecting the clusters ' reactions with water .
The team 's findings will be published in the 23 January 2009 issue of the journal Science .
" Our previous research suggested that electronic properties govern everything about these aluminum clusters , but this new study shows that it is the arrangement of atoms within the clusters that allows them to split water , " said A. Welford Castleman Jr. , Eberly Family Distinguished Chair in Science and Evan Pugh Professor in the Penn State Departments of Chemistry and Physics .
" Generally , this knowledge might allow us to design new nanoscale catalysts by changing the arrangements of atoms in a cluster .
The results could open up a new area of research , not only related to splitting water , but also to breaking the bonds of other molecules , as well . "
The team , which also includes Penn State graduate students Patrick Roach and Hunter Woodward and Virginia Commonwealth University Professor of Physics Shiv Khanna and postdoctoral associate Arthur Reber , investigated the reactions of water with individual aluminum clusters by combining them under controlled conditions in a custom - designed flow - reactor .
They found that a water molecule will bind between two aluminum sites in a cluster as long as one of the sites behaves like a Lewis acid , a positively charged center that wants to accept an electron , and the other behaves like a Lewis base , a negatively charged center that wants to give away an electron .
The Lewis - acid aluminum binds to the oxygen in the water and the Lewis - base aluminum dissociates a hydrogen atom .
If this process happens a second time with another set of two aluminum sites and a water molecule , then two hydrogen atoms are available , which then can join to become hydrogen gas ( H 2 ) .
The team found that the aluminum clusters react differently when exposed to water , depending on the sizes of the clusters and their unique geometric structures .
Three of the aluminum clusters produced hydrogen from water at room temperature .
" The ability to produce hydrogen at room temperature is significant because it means that we did not use any heat or energy to trigger the reaction , " said Khanna .
" Traditional techniques for splitting water to produce hydrogen generally require a lot of energy at the time the hydrogen is generated .
But our method allows us to produce hydrogen without supplying heat , connecting to a battery , or adding electricity .
Once the aluminum clusters are synthesized , they can generate hydrogen on demand without the need to store it . "
Khanna hopes that the team 's findings will pave the way toward investigating how the aluminum clusters can be recycled for continual usage and how the conditions for the release of hydrogen can be controlled .
" It looks as though we might be able to come up with ways to remove the hydroxyl group ( OH - ) that remains attached to the aluminum clusters after they generate hydrogen so that we can reuse the aluminum clusters again and again , " he said .
The team plans to continue their research with a goal of refining their new method .
This research was supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research .
Source : Penn State
There were many international protests over China 's crackdown in Tibet Ahead of the UN Human Rights Council recommendations to China , the BBC's Michael Bristow examines whether the country 's growing economic power is forcing world leaders to mute their criticism of human rights violations .
When Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visited Europe recently , it was the global economic crisis that topped the agenda .
European leaders seemed keen to hear how the world 's third - largest economy could help them recover from the economic slowdown .
Once , China 's human rights record might have been the main talking point , but that issue does not now seem as important .
Some believe China 's growing economic might has forced world leaders to soften their criticism on this issue .
Hong Kong political commentator Frank Ching said : " I think a lot of the criticism aimed at China is superficial .
" Foreign leaders want to show their public that they are raising this issue , but they do not want to provoke China . "
Strong allegations
Beijing has for some time drawn criticism because of what many perceive to be a lack of respect for human rights .
Even the UN's Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights has concerns about China 's record in this area .
Human rights remain a big concern for many governments , even though they are not ready to press China
Nicholas Bequelin
Human Rights Watch
In a report prepared for the UN review of China 's human rights situation this week , the commissioner 's office makes several damning points .
The report says there are concerns about allegations of torture , ill - treatment and the disappearance of numerous people .
Ethnic Tibetans and Uighurs - many of whom question Chinese rule over their regions - are particularly vulnerable groups , the report says .
This kind of human rights record has in the past led to harsh words and the threat of action from Western countries .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy threatened to boycott the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games last August following unrest in Tibet .
In the end the French president - along with leaders from most of the world 's major countries - attended the Olympic opening .
Less audible
But the apparent lack of public criticism of China 's human rights record does not mean foreign leaders are not putting on pressure behind the scenes .
Analysts say Britain sees China as a powerful ally Nicholas Bequelin , of New York - based Human Rights Watch , said : " Does trade trump human rights issues ?
Yes , of course . "
But he added : " Human rights remain a big concern for many governments , even though they are not ready to press China . "
Despite that , Mr Bequelin said he was disappointed China did not do more to advance human rights in the run-up to the Olympics .
And he said not all countries take up the issue with the same level of enthusiasm .
" We are concerned with the evolution of the UK in respect to human rights issues , Tibet in particular , " he said .
" The voice of the UK is getting less and less audible . "
He could have been referring to Britain 's recent decision to clarify its position on Tibet 's legal status .
For many years the UK used the word " suzerainty " when it described its position on China 's control over the Himalayan region .
This could suggest that China 's rule over Tibet is like that of a dominant state over a less powerful one .
Proud achievements China says Tibet is a part of the Chinese nation and bristled at the use of the word .
It put pressure on the British government to amend its view .
In a written statement at the end of last year , Britain 's Foreign Minister David Miliband did just that .
China says it is proud that it has improved its people 's material lives
He made it clear the UK had dropped the " outdated concept of suzerainty " .
" Like every other [ European Union ] member state , and the United States , we regard Tibet as part of the People 's Republic of China , " he said .
Less vocal criticism of China 's human rights record could also be a result of improvements in this area .
That is certainly China 's view .
It made that point in its submission to the UN 's human rights review .
" There has been a significant advancement in the level and extent of Chinese people 's enjoyment of all human rights , " the document says .
China is particularly proud that it has improved its people 's material lives since it began a series of economic reforms 30 years ago .
It often argues that food , clothing and shelter are the most basic rights of all .
And perhaps outside pressure has only a limited effect on China , whose officials constantly say the country will choose its own development path .
" Putting pressure on China is not a very effective , " said Hong Kong commentator Frank Ching .
" China is a big county and is not going to change just because others want it to . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Emperor penguins , whose long treks across Antarctic ice to mate have been immortalised by Hollywood , are heading towards extinction , scientists say .
Based on predictions of sea ice extent from climate change models , the penguins are likely to see their numbers plummet by 95 % by 2100 .
That corresponds to a decline to just 600 breeding pairs in the world .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The research is published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Emperor penguins , the largest species , are unique in that they are the only penguins that breed during the harsh Antarctic winters .
Colonies gather far inland after long treks across sea ice , where the females lay just one egg that is tended by the male .
That means that the ice plays a major role in their overall breeding success .
What is more , the extent of sea ice cover influences the abundance of krill and the fish species that eat them - both food sources for the penguins .
Hal Caswell of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute and his colleagues used projections of sea ice coverage from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's ( IPCC ) last report .
Article Continues : Â http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/7851276.stm
Poll Follow Up : What is Your Preferred JavaScript Framework ?
A few weeks and 450 votes ago I posted a poll : What is Your Preferred JavaScript Framework ?
After reviewing the results , I 'd like to share with you the statistics and a few thoughts that have come to mind .
The Count
Framework Percentage Votes jQuery 50 % 226 votes MooTools 45 % 201 votes Prototype / Script.aculo.us 2 % 9 votes YUI 1 % 5 votes Other 1 % 5 votes Dojo 0 % 2 votes MochiKit 0 % 1 vote
The Analysis
I anticipated a higher - than - average percentage of votes for MooTools and that 's exactly what I got ...
But what I did n't anticipate was that the number of votes for jQuery would surpass MooTools .
I understand jQuery 's popularity surpasses Moo's but since I rarely write about jQuery , I asked myself " Why are all these jQuery coders frequent readers ? "
I may have to try to write a bit more jQuery .
Only 9 votes for Prototype / Script.aculo.us , which is what I had anticipated .
What 's funny is that I very , very rarely see an article about either .
It makes me question what Google Trends tells us about the JavaScript libraries .
Only 2.x % percent was achieved by frameworks other than the three mentioned above .
I wonder if this is a reflection of my audience or of the web in general .
AJAXian authored the last " big " survey that I 'm aware of but they left off Moo which slightly invalidates it .
I think one thing that works against Moo is that , as their website states , Moo is targeted toward the intermediate to advanced JavaScript coder while jQuery is said to be more beginner - friendly .
If I were a beginner and I got to know jQuery well , why would n't I stick with it ?
What motivation do I have to switch ?
Just a thought .
I think that if I ran this poll a year from now , the ration of each framework would be exactly the same .
And that 's speaking well for Moo , as I believe its userbase will keep up with jQuery 's in 2009 .
What would be very interesting to find out is how many people started with one and switched to another and for what reason .
Did you start with one framework and switch to another ?
Which and why ?
Please share !
Was war Dein bisher aufregendstes erotisches Erlebnis ?
sie : mein erster vierer 2M +2 F er : oh die waren bisher alle aufregend
Dein bisher lustigstes / peinlichstes Missgeschick beim Sex ?
sie & er : Missgeschick ???
Was magst
Du nicht ?
sie & er : gewalt , doppelmoral
Was magst Du ? Was macht Dich an ?
sie : dreier ( mmf ) , pt , gruppensex , bi er : beim sex zu fotografieren
Verwöhnst Du
Dich gerne auch mal alleine , und wenn , wie ?
An was / wen denkst DU dabei ?
sie : ja klar mit meinem Vib - Ei !!
An geile Spiele zu dritt oder zu viert er : logisch ;-) an geile gb- partys
Unerfüllte Träume ?
Etwas von dem
Du schon lange träumst aber nie die Gelegenheit hattest es zu versuchen ?
sie : von mehreren männer verwöhnt zu werden und 2 Frauen und ich er : meinem schatz gemeinsam mit 2 anderen es mal so richtig zu besorgen !!!
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Almost 200 passengers and crew trapped on a ferry by a jammed lorry have finally made it to dry land .
The 156 passengers and 33 crew had been stranded on board for more than 24 hours after a lorry was found hanging off the back of the vessel .
The Stena Voyager , which was bound for Belfast , had to return to Stranraer .
The fire service was using a lifting platform to remove passengers before a crane attempts to lift off the lorry .
The operation was taking several hours .
The alarm was raised on Wednesday evening after a loud bang was heard by passengers .
Passenger Tony Cooper described the moment the accident happened : " The fellow who was sitting next to us was actually out the back for a smoke and when he heard this bang , he came running in as did everybody else and he said , ' As far as I know there 's a lorry hanging out the back of the ship ' - and I said , ' That 's impossible ' , but true enough there was . "
Those on board have been supplied with blankets and food and the crane was brought from the north of England to remove the lorry .
If the boat had taken in water , it could have been a tragedy
Peter McCrory
Passenger
One of the passengers , Peter McCrory from Dungannon , told BBC News that the ship almost came to a standstill .
" However , we discovered on looking out the rear doors there was a lorry hanging out through the back , it had burst the rear doors . "
Mr McCrory said it had been a frightening experience , adding : " If the boat had taken in water , it could have been a tragedy . "
The emergency services were alerted to the incident on board the Stena Line HSS Stena Voyager Fastcraft at 2130 GMT on Wednesday .
The vessel had left Stranraer at 1950 GMT .
One rescued passenger , Kerry Cooper , told BBC Scotland : " I found it really surreal that we were there for so long .
" I did n't even remember yesterday , maybe because I 've only had 20 minutes sleep between 5 o'clock yesterday morning and now .
" We did n't know what was going on from one minute to the next and I just did n't really know when I was going to get off again and be on dry land . "
The lorry was discovered hanging out of the ferry doors Dumfries and Galloway Constabulary said an articulated tanker broke free and seriously damaged one of the stern doors .
The ship was quickly stabilised and none of the passengers or crew on board was injured .
The Voyager sailed back to Stranraer where the stricken motor lorry , which is owned by Turners ( Soham ) Ltd , of Fordham , Cambridgeshire , will be removed by crane , before the vessel can be properly berthed to allow passengers and vehicles to disembark .
The passengers began coming off via the lifting platform at about 1800 GMT .
Once the removal exercise is complete it is hoped the crane will lift off the lorry so the vessel can dock and start unloading all the other vehicles .
A Stena spokesman said the hole in the back of the vessel was 30ft above the water line .
He added : " Over the last few hours Stena Line has been trying to identify the safest and most efficient method of getting the passengers and crew ashore .
The passengers were being taken off the ferry by a lifting platform " We find ourselves in a totally unique set of circumstances and are having to consider a number of unorthodox methods to find a safe solution .
" We are working closely with the fire and rescue service and hope to be in a position to start getting everyone ashore . "
The tanker was laden with non-hazardous ferrous sulphate powder .
Police said the load was fully intact and none of the substance had leaked .
He added : " Scottish Environment Protection Agency advice has been obtained in the event any leakage occurs and there is no danger to the public .
" A full investigation into the incident will be carried out by Stena Line and maritime agencies . "
Colin Lockhead from Clyde Coastguard said they had been monitoring the situation .
" We put out the Stranraer lifeboat and the Stranraer Coastguard rescue team as well just to stand by the vessel for safety reasons , " he said .
" Because of the lorry still hanging from the stern of the vessel it was unable to hook up to the link span at the harbour , so the passengers and vehicles have been unable to disembark from the vessel . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Speed - limiting devices should be fitted to cars on a voluntary basis to help save lives and cut carbon emissions , according to a new report .
The government 's transport advisers claim the technology would cut road accidents with injuries by 29 % .
The device automatically slows a car down to within the limit for the road on which it is being driven .
But campaign group Safe Speed warns against its use , saying it encourages drivers to enter a " zombie mode " .
Ministers are planning to help councils draw up digital maps with details of the legal speed on every road .
The speed - limiting devices will then use satellite positioning to check a vehicle 's location and when its speed exceeds the limit , power will be reduced and the brakes applied if necessary .
The Commission for Integrated Transport and the Motorists ' Forum , which both advise the government , are calling on ministers to promote a wide introduction of the system .
Education ' important ' John Lewis , from the Motorists ' Forum , told BBC Breakfast he believed the devices would help drivers obey limits and therefore keep their licences .
" But we believe that the system should be a voluntary system , that the drivers decide if they have fitted to their car or not , and that they decide if they want to over - ride the speed limit - that should be their choice , " he said .
You 've taken the responsibility away from the driver and that is not [ good ] for road safety
Claire Armstrong
Safe Speed
There would also be a positive impact on emissions and fuel consumption , he added .
Jon York , fleet manager for British Gas , whose vans are already limited to 70 mph , told BBC Radio 5 Live the system had reduced road incidents for the company .
But he said the introduction of technology had to be combined with safety education .
" It does aid road safety , it does reduce incidents , but it is part of a wide - ranging number of initiatives within British Gas and one of those is driver training because you have to change people 's behaviour . "
Overtaking worries But Claire Armstrong , from the road safety campaign group Safe Speed , said that the devices could be dangerous .
She said truck drivers using speed - limiting devices had been shown to " go into fatigue mode or zombie mode " and stopped paying attention to the road .
" That makes it highly dangerous in those scenarios .
So you 've taken the responsibility away from the driver and that is not [ good ] for road safety . "
Derek Charters , from the Motor Industry Research Association , has extensively tested speed - limiting technology .
He believes that if all cars were fitted with the system , safety would be improved , and that vehicles without it present a greater danger .
" The last thing you need is one car to be overtaking and then pull back in , in front of the cars in front , because that braking event will then cause everybody to start to slow down , which will then compress the traffic , which then causes an incident , " he said .
Motoring journalist Quentin Willson said he also believed taking away driver control was a " really , really bad thing " .
" Remotely policing the roads from satellites in the sky - I would worry about it an awful lot . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Quality artisan products sourced exclusively and locally for freshness and taste .
The Privy Council keeps paranoid types , well , paranoid .
This is because it is possible , in a political - thriller sort of way , to imagine how the Queen could dismiss her ministers , " prorogue " ( or discontinue ) Parliament and rule through her Privy Council .
Which is how we used to be run , and Her Majesty 's Privy Council is a quaint leftover from those days .
Nowadays it has only ceremonial powers , but it can stop you getting hanged in some Caribbean territories , and has " purview " over royal chartered bodies such as universities .
The majority of its activities are a harmless waste of Privy Counsellors ' time , but in return they , usually important politicos , get to call themselves " Right Honourable " .
They can talk to each other on " Privy Council " terms , which presumably is when they speak the truth : hence the wording of the Council 's oath , which dates back to Tudor times , to " keep secret all matters ... revealed unto you , or that shall be treated of secretly in Council " .
Feeling paranoid now ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
All of us who have been taught the Biblical story of Christmas ( since my grandfather was a Methodist minister , that certainly includes me ) will remember that Jesus is supposed to have been born in a stable because there was “ no room at the inn . ”
Less often repeated is the reason why his parents had hit the road in the first place , despite the fact that Mary was nine months gone at the time .
According to the Book of Luke , “ it came to pass in those days , that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed . ”
The Romans ordered all people to go to their home towns to register for a census , which was needed in order to institute the new tax system .
That ’s why the holy family was schlepping the 90 miles from Nazareth to Bethlehem when Mary went into labor .
The Bible never tells us how much Joseph — an impoverished carpenter with two dependents , one of them a kid who was n’t even his — ended up having to pay in taxes .
But it ’s safe to assume that the local Romans , and the wealthy Sadducees who supported them , got off easy in comparison to working stiffs like Joseph .
Maybe they even got off as easy as rich Americans have , under the tax cuts passed by the Bush Administration in 2001 and 2003 .
During the Democratic primary campaign , Barack Obama , along with all of his Democratic contenders , promised a swift repeal of these tax cuts .
A rollback of tax cuts benefitting only corporations and the wealthiest individuals was supposed to provide the financing for Obama ’s policy proposals , from education and health care to infrastructure and green energy .
But by September , the Democratic nominee was already backpedaling on his pledge , and within three weeks of his election , Obama ’s economic advisors confirmed that , after all , the new president might just let the Bush tax cuts expire on schedule in 2011 , rather than eliminating them two years earlier .
The decision is based on the premise that it is unwise — in economic as well as political terms — to raise taxes during a recession , since lower taxes stimulate the economy .
At the same time , New York ’s Democratic governor David Patterson has refused to consider instituting a temporary “ millionaire ’s tax ” to address his state ’s desperate financial needs , choosing instead to slash vital social programs .
Patterson claims that such a tax will drive businesses and wealthy individuals out of New York and further depress the economy .
( This despite billionaire Mayor Michael Bloomberg ’s declaration that among his rich friends , he ’d “ never heard one person say ‘ I ’m going to move out of the city because of taxes . ' ” )
But an analysis by the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities , released earlier this year , debunks the myth that tax cuts for the rich more than “ pay for themselves ” by fueling economic growth .
There is no evidence that the tax cuts caused any increase in economic growth , let alone growth sufficient to offset their cost .
In fact , the 2001 - 2007 economic expansion was among the weakest since World War II with regard to overall economic growth .
Moreover , revenue growth was very poor during 2001 - 2007 .
Real per-capita revenues fell deeply in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 and have since risen to barely 2 percent above their 2001 level .
Over the course of other postwar economic expansions , they grew by an average of 12 percent .
Capital gains taxes , CBPP found , have the effect of lowering revenue in the long run .
And tax cuts financed by deficit spending — as they were under Bush , and undoubtedly will continue to be under Obama — are especially harmful .
Brookings Institution economist William Gale and now - CBO director Peter Orszag concluded that the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts are “ likely to reduce , not increase , national income in the long term ” because of their effect in swelling the deficit .
[ The Congressional Budget Office ’s ] recent study of a deficit - financed extension of the 2001 and 2003 income - tax cuts found that “ real [ Gross National Product ] per person would decline by 13 percent in 2050 ” relative to an extension that was financed through a balanced mix of revenue and spending changes effective immediately .
Even the Bush Treasury Department ’s analysis of the cost of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts “ estimated that they would generate only enough economic growth to cover less than 10 percent of their long - term cost .
Furthermore , that estimate was based on a best - case scenario ; it depended on the assumption that the cost of the tax cuts would be fully offset by spending cuts . ”
Likewise , on the state level , a recent study looked at a much stiffer “ half - millionaire ’s ” tax that went into effect in New Jersey .
While the study found a tiny increase in the “ out migration ” rate among wealthy residents , it detected no damage to the economy .
In fact , it found that overall , the state ’s tax revenue increased by $ 26 for every $ 1 lost .
Especially during a recession , if we put more money in the pockets of the rich , it is likely to stay right there — in their pockets .
On the other hand , if we put more money in the hands of low - and middle - income workers through tax cuts , and in the hands of the poor and unemployed through increases in government programs ( food stamps , TANF , unemployment benefits ) , that money is virtually guaranteed to go directly into the economy , since its recipients have no choice but to spend it on their basic needs — food , clothing , gasoline , doctor ’s bills .
A few of them might even be able to afford a room at the inn .
This post also appears on James Ridgeway ’s new blog , UNSILENT GENERATION : “ Information and commentary for pissed - off progressive old folk ( and future old folk ) … because we ’re not dead yet . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Strikes have been breaking out across the UK in support of a mass walkout by energy workers in Lincolnshire angry at the use of foreign workers .
Hundreds gathered for the third day of the original strike at Lindsey Oil Refinery after owner Total gave a £ 200 m contract to an Italian firm .
They have been supported by hundreds of other " sympathy " strikers in Scotland , Wales and other parts of England .
Total said there would be no " direct redundancies " as a result of the deal .
The firm added that staff employed by the Italian company IREM would be paid the same as existing contractors on the project .
More than 300 of its workers have been brought in to do the work .
Sites affected by sympathy walk - outs include Fiddlers Ferry power station , Warrington , Cheshire ; Grangemouth oil refinery in central Scotland ; South Hook Liquefied Natural Gas terminal in Milford Haven , Pembrokeshire ; and Kilroot Power station near Larne , County Antrim .
ENERGY WORKERS ' PROTESTS
1 . Grangemouth oil refinery , Central Scotland 2 . Scottish Power 's Longannet power station , Fife 3 . Scottish Power 's Cockenzie power station , East Lothian 4 .
Shell gas processing plant , St Fergus , Aberdeenshire 5 . British Energy power station , Torness , East Lothian 6 .
Mossmorran chemical plant , Fife 7 .
Npower Aberthaw power station , south Wales 8 .
South Hook natural gas terminal , Milton Haven , Pembrokeshire 9 . ICI chemical refinery at Wilton , Teesside 10 .
Corus steel plant near Redcar , Teeside 11 .
Scottish & Southern 's Fiddler 's Ferry power station , Cheshire 12 .
AES Kilroot power station , County Antrim 13 .
Marchwood power station , Hampshire
Where are protests taking place ?
Total bosses said the Italian firm IREM , which employs a specialist workforce , had won the contract to construct the new HDS - 3 unit at the Lindsey plant , after a " fair " tendering process .
Unite regional officer Bernard McAuley told Friday 's rally in Lincolnshire : " There is sufficient unemployed , skilled labour wanting the right to work on that site and they are demanding the right to work on that site . "
He said the leaders of Unite and the GMB had urged the prime minister to call an urgent meeting with the heads of industry in the engineering and construction industry .
Mass meeting
Later the prime minister 's spokesman said the government would hold talks with the construction industry in the next few days " to ensure they are doing all they can to support the UK economy " .
He said the contracts at the Lindsey refinery were awarded some time ago when there was a shortage of labour in the construction sector , which was now not the case .
Unite Regional officer Bobby Buirds said shop stewards would meet in Glasgow on Friday afternoon to discuss the Scottish protests , none of which involved pickets .
Some of the Scottish strikers have travelled to Lindsey to join the picket there .
Speaking on Friday from Wilton , on Teesside , one protester urged the prime minister to take action , saying : " All we want is for Gordon Brown to fulfil his promise .
He said British jobs for British workers . "
A protester at the Lincolnshire plant said British workers should have priority of access to jobs .
" It 's been a kettle ready to boil and the lid has blown off now , " he said .
When asked about the growing action , Gordon Brown - speaking from the World Economic Forum in Davos - said he " understood " people 's worries .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Where is the humanity in ruining someone 's local environment by building a massive industrial refinery and then bringing in people from around the world to work there ?
Ben Platt , Liverpool
He said the government was doing " everything we can " to shore up the economy as well as help individuals back into work .
Employment Minister Pat McFadden said the Prime Minister 's promise of " British jobs for British workers " at the Labour Party conference in 2007 had not meant that UK firms would be encouraged to flout European laws on free mobility of labour .
" Gordon , in saying that , never said we are going to have economic protectionism , we 're going to stop international trade , we 're going to stop British companies trading abroad , or European companies trading here , " Mr McFadden told BBC Five Live .
" What he 's saying there is , I want to see the British workforce equipped for the jobs and skills of the future .
And that 's precisely what the government is doing . "
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond said he hoped workers would return to work quickly after making their point .
Unite 's governing national executive has called for a national protest in Westminster , and joint general secretary Derek Simpson said it was consulting its lawyers over the legality of engineering and construction employment practices .
" The union is doing everything in its power to ensure that employers end this immoral , potentially illegal and politically dangerous practice of excluding UK workers from some construction projects , " he said .
In a statement , Total said it " recognised " the concerns of contractors .
" It is important to note that we have been a major local employer for 40 years with 550 permanent staff employed at the refinery .
" There are also between 200 and 1,000 contractors working at the refinery , the vast majority of which work for UK companies employing local people . "
The HDS - 3 unit affected is separate to the main refinery .
Total said the action has not affected normal operations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientists have concluded that forests with excessive nitrogen concentrations reduce the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere .
During a ten year study in Michigan by the National Science Foundation , researchers intentionally fertilized forests with two to three times the current levels of nitrogen .
These levels mimic the predicted nitrogen levels of the near future due to fertilizers and exhaust from cars , power plants , and factories .
“ It is pretty important to recognize that human effects on the nitrogen cycle have significant effects on climate , ” said Alan Townsend , North American director of the International Nitrogen Initiative .
[ social_buttons ]
The study reports that trees grew faster and forest floor debris broke down slower .
Both of these effects mean more wood to soak up carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
The excessive nitrogen will inevitably drain into the water supply .
Excessive nitrogen in water leads to a host of problems , including diseases in humans and “ dead zones ” in coastal waters .
Experts also say that releasing nitrogen into forests could likely cause the release of another greenhouse gas , nitrous oxide , offsetting any possible climate change benefit .
The findings will aid the construction of newer , more accurate climate models .
“ Now that [ climate modelers ] have the big fluxes down , there ’s a lot of these fine - tuning things left , ” said Andrew Burton of Michigan Technological University .
Image Credit : * Micky via Flickr under a Creative Commons License .
In a wrestling ring under a set of train tracks in London ’s Bethnal Green , a transvestite has a midget wearing a wolverine mask in a painful looking headlock .
Pressed into the corner of the ring , the midget struggles his way up to the third rope in an unsuccessful bid to escape .
Instead he is slammed into the floor below with a sickening crunch .
Welcome to the world of “ lucha libre ” , Mexico ’s staggeringly bizarre form of wrestling which has crossed the Atlantic and this weekend will entertain thousands of fans in a series of five matches in north London .
The ring in Bethnal Green where “ Cassandra ” the transvestite , and his smaller opponent “ Lubito ” , are fighting is temporary - a place where the 16 Mexican wrestlers who arrived earlier this week can relax and spa .
The real entertaining will take place at the Camden Roundhouse .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
For four nights from this Saturday a steady stream of masked men will flip , slam , pummel and hurl each other into carefully choreographed oblivion , much to the delight of lucha fans who flock to matches for the death defying acrobatic moves the wrestlers employ , and the pantomime storylines that dominate each bout .
There is even a Sunday matinee for the kids .
“ Lucha libre is like a religion in Mexico , ” said Cassandra , one of the few luchadores who chooses not to wear a mask and instead opts for a brown and gold leotard and makeup instead .
“ When I was a child , my family and I would go to church on Sunday morning and then head to down to the nearest lucha ring .
The wrestlers were our heroes . ”
To say that Mexico lives and breathes lucha would be something of an understatement .
It might seem like a freak show , but it is the second most popular sport after football and wrestlers are venerated as living legends , comparable perhaps only to the near god - like regard India reserves for its Bollywood stars .
But in recent years lucha has begun rapidly winning over new fans outside of Mexico , none more so than in Britain which is undergoing something of a wrestling renaissance .
Where once wrestlers were thought of as a bygone mullet - ridden phenomenon of the 1980s , major American leagues such as World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) and the controversially brutal Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) are now able to sell out huge arenas like the O2 in a matter of days .
The British promoters of lucha libre hope similar numbers of fans will begin flocking to the Mexican equivalent .
“ This is the second time lucha has come to Britain and we ’re already drawing up plans to have it return early next year , ” said Andy Wood , the London club promoter who organised this weekend ’s fight alongside Bolivian promoter Ruben Cordero .
“ I ’d say about twenty percent of the audience are first timers , the other eighty percent are there because they love to experience the kitsch craziness of Mexican wrestling . ”
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
And kitsch it certainly is .
The average night of lucha libre always involves men in shiny spandex trousers and masks going at each other mano a mano .
The good guys are known as tecnicos ( technical ) , wrestlers who abide by the rules , do the most dangerous acrobatic stunts and tend to have the most fervent fans .
Their opponents are rudos ( rule breakers ) who opt for things like chairs and table legs to attack their opponents .
For working class Mexicans , lucha libre has offered them a brief respite from the poverty and corruption that so often surrounds them .
Each week they see virtue triumph over evil , corrupt rule - breaking wrestlers receive their comeuppance from their moral heroes .
Then of course there are the midget wrestlers and the exoticos , transvestites like Cassandra , who add an unmistakable element of carnival madness to an already unorthodox form of entertainment .
Despite Mexico ’s staunchly Catholic population , homosexuality in lucha libre has been tolerated ever since Cassandra , already a professional luchadore at the time , came out of the closet in 1989 and began wrestling in makeup .
“ I had to break a lot of taboos and face a lot of rejection , even from wrestlers who knew I was gay , ” he recalled .
“ But I was never vulgar with my moves .
I had to show my fans that I was just as good a wrestler as anybody else .
Now it is very open - minded . ”
But one thing that has never changed in lucha libre is the importance of the masks .
For all wrestlers ( other than exoticos ) a luchadors ’ mask is his very essence and many wrestlers religiously wear their masks even in the real world .
“ When we first went to Mexico to see if any wrestlers would come over to England we ended up having meetings in boardrooms with people who would wear smart suits and face masks , ” said Wood .
“ It was very surreal . ”
The only times a wrestler is de-masked is either when he nears retirement and wishes to show fans who he really is , or during much - anticipated grudge matches where both opponents bet their masks with the loser having to reveal his true identity .
The sport ’s most famous wrestler , Santo , had a career that spanned five decades and was quite possibly the most famous Mexican of his era before his death in 1984 .
His son , El Hijo Del Santo , is equally famous and is the star attraction on this weekend ’s billing .
“ For me lucha libre is something that has no boundaries and can easily cross language barriers or different cultures , ” he said following a brief spa with his arch nemesis , Blue Demon Jnr .
“ The British public are a great audience , they become very passionate when they see us and I like that . ”
International From free trade to the Kosovo crisis .
The Dark Side of Rev. Moon Rev. Sun Myung Moon and American politics .
Media Crisis
Is the national media a danger to democracy ?
The 2000 Campaign Recounting the controversial campaign .
Who Is Bob Gates ?
The secret world of Defense Secretary Gates
Crisis Worsens for Civilians in Gaza
As Israeli troops close in on Gaza City , clashes with Palestinian fighters intensify and civilians continue to die .
Sameh Habeeb , a photojournalist based in Gaza City , gives a first - hand report about the worsening humanitarian crisis , which includes shortages of water , food , gas and other fuels , amid fears that Israeli bombs will hit any vehicle that moves .
( The story summary continues below . )
Habeeb says the Israeli army has been warning Palestinians to evacuate in advance of bombings , but that most people have nowhere to go .
TheRealNews.com is an independent news network that produces stories of global interest .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
Back to Home Page
Washington
A mysterious thing happened in that speech Tuesday night .
By the end of it Barack Obama had become president .
Every president has a moment when suddenly he becomes what he meant to be , or knows what he is , and those moments are n't always public .
Bill Safire thought he saw it with Richard Nixon one day in the new president 's private study .
Nixon always put a hand towel on the hassock where he put his feet , to protect the fabric , but this time he did n't use the towel , he just put up his feet .
As if it were his hassock .
And his house .
So with Mr. Obama , about four - fifths of the way through the speech .
He was looking from the prompters to the congressmen and senators , and suddenly he was engaging on what seemed a deeper level .
His voice took on inflection .
He was n't detached , as if he was wondering how he was doing .
He seemed equal to the moment and then , in some new way , in command of it .
It happened around here :
" The eyes of all people in all nations are once again upon us — watching to see what we do with this moment ; waiting for us to lead .
Those of us gathered here tonight have been called to govern in extraordinary times . "
" Called to govern " is one of those phrases that lift you out of the grimy proceedings of government and into something loftier .
Is that how he sees it ?
Such a call is " a tremendous burden , but also a great privilege , " one entrusted to few .
He quoted a letter from a 14 - year - old girl named Ty 'Sheoma Bethea of Dillon , S.C. , whose beat - up school needs help .
We 've seen this sort of thing done before — the reading of the letter from the child , or the mother who needs health care — and more often than not , it is gratingly corny .
But this was n't .
Miss Bethea wrote , " We are just students trying to become lawyers , doctors , congressmen like yourself and one day president , so we can make a change .
. . .
We are not quitters . "
She borrowed money for the stamp , and sent it to Washington .
A look at the language of presidential inaugural addresses .
The most - used words in each address appear in the interactive chart below , sized by number of uses .
Words highlighted in yellow were used significantly more in this inaugural address than average .
( Related Article
Vous ne vous êtes jamais vous demandez s'il est possible de toujours gagner à la roulette ?
Tout comme vous , j'ai toujours rêvé d'une stratégie de roulette sûre pour toujours gagner à la roulette , cela jusqu'à il y a quelques années .
À cette époque , j'avais 32 ans et travaillais dans un salon de lavage de voiture dans la banlieue de Nice , faisant en moyenne environ 1500 € par mois ...
C'était assez pour subvenir à mes besoins et ceux de ma petite famille , mais pas grand - chose d'autre .
À cette époque je jouais dans des casinos de temps à autre .
Au début c'était par pur plaisir et jamais la pensée d'utiliser ceci comme système pour faire de l'argent ne m'avait traversé l'esprit - pas avec la roulette et certainement pas à long terme .
Mais comme j'avais tort ...
Un jour je suis tombé sur un système de stratégie de roulette très étonnant qui était utilisé par peu d'experts , mais totalement inconnu du public .
Et après l'avoir essayé pour la première fois , j'ai été tout simplement choqué par les résultats ...
Comment j'ai finalement fait plus de 500 € par jour en l'espace de quelques heures Quand j'ai commencé à jouer dans des casinos sur l'internet je suis rapidement devenu un " chasseur de bonus " .
La chasse aux bonus étais un processus par étape facile :
Je m'enregistrais dans certains casino en ligne -> faisais un dépôt de 500 € ->
Recevais un bonus de 500 € -> jouais le pari requis ->
Et 98 % du temps je quittais le casino avec de gros gains .
L'énorme somme d'argent que j'ai gagné était tout simplement incroyable .
Étape par étape , j'ai réalisé comment transformer un dépôt de 500 € en plus de 750 € et cela était simple .
Pour couronner le tout l'operation entière ne prenait rarement plus de 30 minutes .
250 € de pur profit en si peu de temps , c'était génial !
Bien sûr je n'étais pas le seul à profiter de cette nouvelle source de revenus - toute ma famille à profiter rapidement de l'amélioration de notre nouveau mode de vie .
Tout allais bien et comme je ne prenais aucun risque inutiles la possibilité de perdre au casino tout l'argent durement gagné était pratiquement inexistant pour moi .
Ma tactique était très sophistiquée :
Je calculais toujours mon profit potentiel et ensuite j'attaquais le casino .
J'avais tout compris , pour ainsi dire et , cela fonctionnait parfaitement pour moi , jusqu'à ce que ...
( Moi et ma femme ) Si Vous Souhaitez Connaitre Mon Secret
Cliquez Ici Pour Accéder Directement À La Partie Stratégie Deux ans plus tard la chasse aux bonus était morte .
Donc qu'ai - je fait ?
La chasse aux bonus est devenue une chose du passé .
Vers l'année 2003 , les casinos en ligne ont surgi sur Internet comme des champignons et tous les casinos en ligne ont voulu donner le plus gros bonus pour attirer de nouveaux joueurs .
Cependant , deux ans plus tard , les exigences de pari ont radicalement changées .
Les nouvelles exigences de pari étaient extrêmement difficile à atteindre , si difficile en fait , que " la chasse aux bonus " était devenu un « jeu à somme nulle " pour tous , ce qui a eu pour effet de me rendre ainsi que mes collègues chasseurs de bonus « chômeurs ».
L'année suivante , mon revenu de casinos a chuté à zéro et j'ai eu à travailler dur dans mon travail régulier afin de payer toutes les factures de ma famille .
Le pire était que j'avais déjà envoyé ma fille
Ann dans une école privée plus chère et , avec mon seul emploi régulier pour subvenir a nos besoins je savais que j'avais zéro chance de pouvoir réunir la somme nécessaire pour payer les frais de scolarité du prochain semestre .
Alors qu'est - ce que je fais ... ?
Nous avions besoin d'une solution et vite !
Ayant mon dos contre le mur , j'étais 100 % déterminé à trouver une solution à mes problèmes financiers - et finalement , seulement 9 mois plus tard , c'est arrivé :
Par pure chance j'avais découvert une stratégie de roulette qui fonctionnait si bien que non seulement elle remplaçait mon ancien revenu de chasse aux bonus , mais en plus me faisait gagner beaucoup plus que ne n'aurai jamais cru possible !
Au début j'ai difficilement cru en ma statistique de casino , mais quand le casino a directement viré le premier gain sur mon compte en banque , je n'ai eu qu ' une seule pensée à l'esprit : j'ai réussi !
J'ai touché le gros lot !
J'ai vraiment touché le jack pot !
Après cela , en moins de 12 mois , j'aurai pu facilement me permettre d'abandonner mon emploi régulier .
En fait , j'aurais pu le faire bien plus tôt , mais je voulais économiser une somme d'argent suffisante pour être sûr que cette fois toute ma famille aurait plus que suffisamment d'argent pour longtemps .
Le jour de fête arriva alors que j'avais 35 ans et avais remplit tous mes objectifs financiers .
Avec ma liberté financière récemment acquise , j'ai été en mesure de réaliser un de mes plus grands rêves :
Nous avons , ma femme , ma fille et moi , emballés touts nos biens et déménagés à Ibiza , vivant aujourd ' hui le rêve dans une magnifique maison Méditerranée au bord de la plage !
MES RÊVES SONT DEVENUS REALITÉ !
À la fin , je me suis vraiment senti soulagé , il y avait cette incroyable sensation de liberté et de facilité quand , finalement , tous les obstacles et les tracas de tous les jours ont disparu .
J'étais maintenant libre d'avoir et de faire toutes les choses que j'ai toujours voulues , sans jamais ne plus avoir à me préoccuper de payer les factures .
Il y a quelques mois mon ami Mike ( celui avec les cheveux un peu plus long dans l'image ci-dessus ) m'a demandé de lui expliquer mon grand secret de roulette .
J'ai accepté de tout écrire et , toutes les notes que j'ai écrites pour lui se sont transformées plus tard en un manuel écrit qui est maintenant , pour la première fois , accessibles exclusivement sur ce site .
Si ce que vous avez lu jusqu'à maintenant vous intéresse , continuez de lire et découvrez exactement comment j'ai battu les casinos et gagné des 1000 de $ $$ à l'aide d'un système de roulette secret - ce qui m'a permis d'abandonner ma vie de travail ennuyeuse à tout jamais !
Après que vous aurez fini de lire ce site , vous saurez comment toujours gagner à la roulette et être capable d'encaisser tout l'argent que vous voulez sur votre propre compte en banque ...
Le puissant système de roulette - Introduction vidéo : Comment Transformer Un Simple Jeu En Votre Propre $ $$ Vache À Lait Au début , je pouvais à peine le croire moi-même , mais après avoir pris en compte toutes les possibilités du système , je me suis rendu compte que c'était vrai :
Par le biais d'une stratégie sophistiquée de roulette il était possible de faire des milliers de $ $$ rapidement et facilement .
Peut - être que le concept de gagner des milliers de $ $$ avec un système de roulette peut vous sembler quelque peu étrange , mais croyez - moi , le système va devenir beaucoup plus facile à saisir si vous passez quelques minutes à la lecture et à digérer toutes les informations que vous allez obtenir .
Dès que vous aurez bien compris mon système de roulette , vous serez immédiatement capable d'aller et de commencer à faire facilement plus de 500 € par jour dans les casinos en ligne , souvent en moins de 30 minutes .
Et la meilleure chose à propos de ce puissant système est :
Vous pouvez maintenant gagner de l'argent quand et aussi souvent que vous le souhaitez !
Commençons Par Quelques Préparations
Pour appliquer avec succès mon système de roulette secret la première chose que vous devez faire est : Téléchargez et installez le logiciel de casino gratuit afin que vous puissiez jouer dans les casinos de roulette .
Il vous suffit de cliquer sur l'un des liens de téléchargement ci-dessous .
Je vous garantis que tout logiciel de casino que vous pouvez télécharger sur ce site sont absolument sûr et ne causeront aucun dommage à votre ordinateur .
EU - joueurs ...
Cliquez Ici Pour Télécharger Le Logiciel Karamba Casino
Si le lien ne fonctionne pas , il suffit de copier et coller le lien suivant dans votre navigateur :
http://www.roulettestrategien.eu/download.htm
Important : Pour appliquer mon système de roulette avec succès , s.v.p. jouer seulement à Karamba Casino
( ou Las Vegas , Etats - Unis , respectivement ) , car seuls les limites de table dans ces casinos en ligne mentionné sont suffisamment élevées pour que vos gains soient garantis 99,999 % .
À Karamba Casino
Roulette , la limite de table est de 5000 € , ce qui signifie qu'il est garanti qu’en appliquant mon système roulette , vous ne dépasserez pas les limites de la table .
Je ne connais aucun autre casino en ligne avec des limites de table aussi élevées que Karamba Casino
, mais si vous êtes intéressé à jouer à d'autres casinos en ligne , s.v.p. envoyez - moi un e-mail à [ email protected ] et , je vous donnerai une liste des casinos où l'on peut appliquer avec succès mon système roulette .
Si vous jouez déjà dans d’autres casinos en ligne , s'il vous plaît assurez - vous que la limite de table est d’au moins de 5000 € .
Si ce n'est pas le cas , s.v.p.
n’utilisez pas de système de roulette dans ce casino , en fait , n’essayez même pas !
Si vous n'êtes pas sûr , il suffit de m'envoyer un E - Mail et laissez - moi le découvrir pour vous .
À Karamba Casino
, assurez - vous que vous sélectionnez une table privée .
NE choisissez PAS l'une des tables à plusieurs joueurs avec une limite de table de seulement 1000 € !
Et maintenant , passons directement à mon système de roulette secret : Mon Système de Roulette en DÉTAIL
Vous devriez étudier de manière approfondie et adoptez complètement la procédure suivante .
Le plus précisément , vous suivez ce système roulette , le plus vous aurez de garanties d’obtenir de gros gains dans la soirée : Étape 1 : Vous misez simplement un petit montant de 1 € sur le rouge ou le noir .
Supposons que vous avez choisi de miser sur le rouge .
La roue tourne et le rouge l'emporte .
Félicitations !
Vous avez gagné et doublé votre mise initiale de 1 € .
Mais qu’arrive il si vous avez perdu et le noir a gagné ?
Lorsque vous avez perdu votre argent , il suffit essayez simplement la stratégie suivante et doublez votre prochaine mise sur le rouge .
Donc , vous placez un pari de 2 € sur le rouge .
Seulement 2 possibilités peuvent se produire :
Le rouge gagne : Bravo , vos gains s'élèvent maintenant à 4 € .
4 € est le double de votre mise de 2 € .
Dans le 1er tour vous avez parié 1 € , dans le 2ème tour 2 €.
Lorsque vous additionnez ces montants , le coût total est de 1 € + 2 € = 3 € sur le rouge .
Mais comme vous avez gagné au 2ème tour , vous avez réalisé un bénéfice net de 4 € - 3 € = 1 € ( gain - coût = profits ) .
Que pouvons - nous apprendre de l'exemple ci-dessus ?
Le pari perdu du 1er tour ne vous a pas affaiblit .
Vous avez réagi de la bonne manière et doublé le montant de votre mise au 2ème tour .
Vous voyez :
Mon système de roulette vous protège contre des résultats négatifs .
Par conséquent , vous gagnez toujours votre montant de pari de 1 € , même si vous avez perdu votre dernier tour .
Le Noir gagne :
Vous avez perdu deux fois de suite .
Si vous suivez mon système roulette , que j'ai décrit ci-dessus , vous doublez de nouveau le montant de votre mise et pariez 4 € sur le rouge .
Si c’est maintenant le rouge qui gagne , vous gagnerez 8 € , le double du montant de votre mise de 4 € .
Pour gagner ces 8 € vous avez investi : 1 € ( 1. tour ) + 2 € ( 2. tour ) + 4 € ( 3. tour ) , ce qui fait un coût total de 1 € + 2 € + 4 € = 7 € .
Votre profit est de nouveau 8 € - 7 € = 1 € , qui est le même profit qu’avant .
Vous voyez , lorsque vous appliquez ce fantastique système gagnant de roulette , vous gagnez toujours un montant égal à votre premier pari ( ici 1 € ) peu importe le nombre de tours que vous avez perdu avant .
Donc , si vous avez de nouveau perdu dans le 3ème tour , vous doublez de nouveau votre mise à 8 € , etc .
Peu importe ce qui se passe , vous obtiendrez toujours le même résultat :
Vous gagnez un montant égal au montant de votre premier pari ( ici : 1 € ) .
Règle :
Votre Profit Est Toujours Le Montant De Votre Premier Pari Peu Importe Combien De Fois Vous Avez Perdu Avant Mais Qu’Arrive Il Si Seulement Le Rouge Ou Le Noir Gagne À Chaque Tirage ?
Et si vous perdez à chaque tirage ?
Cette question est venue à l'esprit de milliers de personnes avant vous .
Voyez vous la réponse est plus évidente que vous pourriez le penser ( ATTENTION : Cela peut paraitre un peu lourd en math pour ceux peu habitué aux statistiques , mais ne vous inquiétez pas , c’est facile à comprendre après avoir lu l'explication ) ...
Supposons que la probabilité que la boule s'arrête sur le rouge est P( rouge ) = 0,5 (= 50 % ) .
La probabilité de l'effet inverse , c'est - à- dire que la probabilité que la boule s'arrête sur le noir est P ( noir ) = 1 - P ( rouge ) = 1-0.5 = 0,5 .
On en déduit que P( rouge ) = P ( noir ) = 0,5 .
Mathématiquement parlant , les probabilités sont corrélées multiplicativement : La probabilité que la boule s'arrête sur la même couleur deux fois de suite est P( rouge ) x P( rouge ) = P( noir ) x P( noir ) = 0,5 x 0,5 = 0,25 .
Nous obtenons une formule simple : P ( n fois que la même couleur gagne l'une fois après l'autre ) = 0,5 élevé à la puissance n Maintenant , la partie importante : la probabilité P ( n fois la même couleur l'une fois après l'autre ) tend vers zéro par l’augmentation de la valeur de n .
Nous trouvons la preuve dans l'exemple ci-dessus : P( 1 ) est toujours supérieure à P ( 2 ) , P ( 2 ) est toujours supérieure à P ( 3 ) , etc .
Ou en chiffres : " P ( 1 ) >
P( 2 ) >
P( 3 ) <=> 0,5>0,25 >0,125 " et ainsi de suite .
Les probabilités de corrélation baisse avec un „ n grandissant “ ou avec ” un plus grand nombre de tours ” .
Mathématiquement parlant , cela signifie que : lim [ P ( n fois que la même couleur gagne l'une fois après l'autre ) ] avec n allant vers l'infini = 0
En clair :
Le plus de tours d'affilée se terminant par la boule s'arrêtant sur la même couleur , le plus proche est la probabilité que lors de la prochaine rotation la boule s'arrête sur la même couleur est de zéro .
Ou en d'autres termes : La probabilité d'un échec complet de mon système de roulette tend vers zéro avec un nombre croissant de tours n .
Trop de mathématiques ?
Essayez Vous - Mêmes ...
Si vous n'aimez pas beaucoup les mathématiques , vous pouvez faire vous - même l'expérience suivante afin de comprendre pourquoi ma stratégie de roulette fonctionne : Prenez un dé et jetez - le .
Essayez d'obtenir le même numéro à chaque fois , par exemple , de lancer un " SIX " 5 fois après l'autre .
Vous voyez : C'est très difficile , presque impossible !
Mathématiquement parlant , dans ce cas aussi les probabilités sont corrélées multiplicativement , par exemple , si la probabilité d'obtenir un " six " est de 1/6 , alors la probabilité d'obtenir un " six " 2 fois de suite est de 1/6 x 1/6 = 1/36 , c’est environ 2,7 % .
La probabilité de lancer un " SIX " trois fois de suite est de 1/216 qui est seulement 0,46 % , ce qui est déjà une très faible probabilité .
Mathématiquement le concept que j'essaie de vous expliquer ici est appelé " La loi des grands nombres " .
Cette loi mathématique dit que la probabilité d'obtenir la même couleur ( par exemple toujours le noir ) lors de plusieurs tours consécutifs devient rapidement de plus en plus faible et , dans un nombre donné de tours , elle est proche de zéro .
Par conséquent , cette loi mathématique implique que la probabilité d'un échec total de mon système de roulette s’approche de zéro avec un nombre croissant " n " de tours .
Résultat : Vous ne pouvez JAMAIS PERDRE tout l'argent que vous avez déposés dans votre compte de casino .
Cela Semble Trop Compliqué ?
Regarde Les Résultats Suivants
Pensons au pire des scénarios : Vous avez perdu plusieurs tours d'affilée .
Je ne parlerai pas de cas où vous avez gagné vos tours .
Ce que vous allez faire avec tout l'argent que vous gagnerez en appliquant mon système de roulette depend entièrement de vous .
Par conséquent , nous allons examiner ici le cas très improbable où vous continuerez de perdre vos paris d’affilée .
Pire Des Cas - Scénario
1 ) Vous pariez 1 € sur le noir !
La Boule tombe sur le rouge .
2 ) Vous pariez 2 € sur le noir !
La Boule tombe sur le rouge .
3 ) Vous pariez 4 € sur le noir !
La Boule tombe sur le rouge .
4 ) Vous pariez 8 € sur le noir !
La Boule tombe sur le noir .
Vous gagnez 16 € à la roulette .
Vous avez investi
1€+2€+4€+8€= 15 € et fait un profit de 16 € - 15 € =1 € ! S.v.p. , gardez à l’esprit que la probabilité de ce cas ( c'est - à - dire , gagner aussi tard la première fois ) est déjà très faible .
Cela semble trop beau pour être vrai ?
Eh bien dans quelques minutes , je vous donnerais une fantastique opportunité d'essayer vous - même ce formidable système de roulette - donc continuer à lire ...
( Mike À La Table De Roulette ) Votre Profit Est Toujours Le Montant De Votre Premier Pari Peu Importe Combien De Fois Vous Avez Perdu Avant Pourquoi Commencer Avec 1 € Est Une Bonne Idée : Je vous conseille de commencer avec une mise d’un petit montant de 1 €.
Pourquoi ?
Eh bien , tout d'abord c'est la mise minimum dans la plupart des casinos en ligne , d'autre part un pari de petite montant aide également les joueurs inexpérimentés à garder leur tête froide tout en appliquant mon système de roulette .
Ce pari d’un montant de 1 € est le meilleur pari de départ pour faire le plus de profit grâce à mon système de roulette !
S'il vous plaît suivez ce conseil et ne soyez pas trop présomptueux !
Vous jouez avec de l'argent réel et , ni vous , ni moi ne voulons que vous perdiez votre argent durement gagné - pas maintenant et , ni dans l'avenir .
Ci-dessous , je vais vous donner un bref résumé de mon système de roulette : Sommaire Placez une mise de départ ( je recommande 1 € ) et misez sur une couleur ( rouge ou noir , j'ai choisi ici le rouge ) Continuez de miser sur la même couleur ( ici rouge ) et doublez votre mise à chaque fois , jusqu'à ce que la couleur que vous avez choisie gagne !
Dès que vous gagnez un pari ( par exemple : vous misez sur le rouge et le rouge gagne ) , vous devez miser le montant de votre mise initiale ( ici 1 € ) , sur l'AUTRE couleur .
IMPORTANT : NE DOUBLEZ PAS LE MONTANT DE LA MISE APRÈS AVOIR GAGNÉ !
DOUBLER SEULEMENT APRÈS AVOIR PERDU UN TOUR .
Et Au Sujet Du Zéro ?
Si la boule s’arrête sur le " Zero " , cela signifie que vous avez perdu le dernier tour , mais ce n'est pas grave comme vous pouvez facilement récupérer cette perte de 1 € : Lorsque la boule s’arrête sur le " zéro " traiter simplement cet événement exactement comme si la balle se serait arr êtée sur l'autre couleur .
Par conséquent , si vous avez misé sur le rouge , pour notre stratégie de roulette , cela signifie que le " Zero " est le même résultat que le « noir » .
Dans ce cas , il vous suffit de doubler le montant de votre mise comme décrit plus haut afin de récupérer votre pari perdu .
Pour ce faire , vous gardez les paris sur la même couleur que vous avez pariée avant cela , ce qui signifie sur le rouge dans notre exemple .
Si vous avez misé sur le noir , c'est juste l'inverse :
Si le " Zero " sort , vous continuez à doubler votre mise précédente et continuez à parier sur le noir .
Dans les rares cas ou le " zéro " sort deux fois de suite , la procédure reste toujours la même .
Voilà pour le résumé .
Dans quelques minutes , vous verrez mon système de roulette en action et vous comprendrez comment j'ai toujours gagn é à la roulette à long terme et fais un paquet de $ $ $ !
Commencons Immédiatement Dabord une petite question : Avez -vous parfaitement compris mon système de roulette de convertir toutes pertes négatives en profits positifs ?
Sinon , il vous suffit de relire plusieurs fois les paragraphes ci-dessus .
Êtes -vous certain que vous avez compris ?
Super !
Lorsque vous vous sentez prêt , vous pouvez maintenant appliquer vous - même mon système .
Rappelez vous que vous DEVEZ suivre mon système roulette à la lettre , car tout écart de ce processus pourrait éventuellement se traduire par une perte !
C'est pourquoi je vous ai demandé de vous assurer que vous avez bien compris toutes les procédures de paris que j'ai décrit plus haut avant de placer vos premiers paris .
Pour vraiment commencer , si vous ne l'avez pas déjà fait , vous devez télécharger le logiciel de casino .
Je peux vous garantir que le logiciel de casino qui est disponible en téléchargement sur ce site est testé à 100 % sans virus , absolument sans danger et ne causera aucun dommage à votre ordinateur .
Je vous conseille fortement de jouer uniquement à la roulette dans les casinos ci-dessous , surtout parce que j'ai - comme je l'ai déjà décrit ci-dessus - examiné un grand nombre de casinos en ligne et , suis arrivé à la conclusion que Karamba Casino
est le 1er choix pour appliquer le plus efficacement mon système roulette et cela absolument sans risque .
Cliquez ici pour télécharger le logiciel Karamba Casino
Si ce lien ne fonctionne pas , il suffit de copier et de coller le lien suivant dans votre navigateur :
http://www.roulettestrategien.eu/download.htm
Important : Comme je l'ai déjà mentionné plus haut , au cours des dernières années j'ai joué à différents casinos en ligne et suis parvenu à la conclusion que pour le moment , vraiment faire de l'argent avec mon système de roulette fonctionne vraiment mieux ( et de loin ) à Karamba Casino
. Pourquo ?
La réponse est simple : la plupart des casinos en ligne ont une limite de table de roulette d’environ 200-300 € , principalement pour éviter que les joueurs puissent gagner quelques milliers de $ $$ en un clin d'œil en utilisant des stratégies comme celle que j'ai décrites ci-dessus et ensuite de quitter le casino pour de bon et ne jamais revenir ou jouer à nouveau .
De nombreux casinos veulent seulement faire les plus gros bénéfices qu'ils peuvent faire légalement , de tel sorte qu’ils essaient tout simplement d'exclure les joueurs utilisant des systèmes sophistiqués en appliquant de très faibles limites de table .
Règle simple : Évitez ces casinos !
Ils sont seulement après les joueurs qui parient un peu et , ensuite arrêtent dès qu’ils perdent leur premier gros pari - ce qui tend à se produire assez rapidement , puisque ces joueurs ont rarement entendu parler de " systèmes de roulette " auparavant .
D'autre part , Karamba Casino
a un concept totalement différent , beaucoup plus équitable : leur limite de table pour un joueur seul à une Table de Roulette privée est énorme :
Vous pouvez miser jusqu'à 5000 € !
Par conséquent , grâce à la " loi des grands nombres " ( voir ci-dessus ) , vous pouvez appliquer mon système roulette chez Karamba Casino
absolument sans risque .
Si vous avez besoin d'envisager d'autres casinos , pour une raison quelconque , il vous suffit de m'écrire un E - Mail et je vous enverrai en retour une liste d'autres casinos en ligne où vous pourrez en toute sécurité et avec succès appliquer mon système de roulette .
Je vous encourage à tenter d’abord mon système de roulette chez Karamba Casino
, car leur limite de table incroyablement élevé en fait de très loin le meilleur endroit pour appliquer cette stratégie de roulette .
Commencer À Gagner De L'Argent 500 € Ou Plus En 30 Minutes : Étape 1 Téléchargez gratuitement le logiciel de casino en cliquant sur la bannière à droite .
Les deux casinos en ligne que je recommande ici ont une fonction “ Jouer pour le plaisir " qui vous permet d’essayer mon système de roulette aussi longtemps que vous le voulez sans miser d'argent réel pour le moment .
Dans les étapes suivantes , je vais vous expliquer toutes les mesures nécessaires du logiciel Karamba Casino
ce qui sera bon exemple pour la plupart , sinon tous les autres logiciels de casino que vous pourriez rencontrer .
L'installation et l’utilisation d’autres casinos en ligne ( comme celui que je suggère pour les joueurs américains ) est presque identique et , comme je l'espère , s’explique d’elle - même ...
Cliquez Ici Pour Télécharger Cliquez Ici Pour Télécharger Étape 2 Installez le logiciel Karamba Casino
– ce qui dans la plupart des cas se fait en quelques secondes .
C'est aussi la première étape pour gagner un paquet de $ $$ en utilisant mon système de roulette .
<- NOUVEAU : 250 € de Bonus de Bienvenue au Karamba Casino
+ 50 € de bonus TOUS LES MOIS !
Je vous recommande d'exploiter cette chance avant qu’ils annulent cette offre ( ce qui arrivera presque certainement sous peu , des offres de bonus pareilles ne durent généralement pas très longtemps ces jours ) .
Étape 3
Après avoir correctement installé le logiciel de casino en ligne , lancez - le et créer gratuitement un compte de joueur .
Après avoir accepté les terms de licence , il suffit de choisir le pseudo / mot de passe que vous souhaitez .
Ensuite , entrez votre date de naissance et votre adresse ( cela est nécessaire afin d’empêcher les mineurs de jouer aux jeux de hasard ) .
S.v.p. écrivez votre pseudo / mot de passe et gardez cela dans un endroit sûr .
Après avoir terminé le processus d'inscription , cliquez simplement sur " Login " .
Afin de commencer à gagner de l’argent , vous avez besoin de capital de départ , lequel vous doublerez et multiplierez facilement avec l'aide de mon système de roulette !
Comme vous avez lu ce tutoriel jusqu'à maintenant , je suis convaincu que vous êtes prêt à agir maintenant et qu'un petit investissement comme celui- ci n'est pas un problème pour vous .
Gardez en tête que vous pouvez récupérer tout argent déposé à tout moment .
À cet égard , votre compte bancaire casino fonctionne presque identiquement comme un simple compte bancaire , avec la différence évidente que vous ne recevez aucun intérêt du casino sur l'argent dans votre compte .
Mais à la place comme vous gagnez la possibilité en un rien de temps de multiplier votre premier dépôt en un énorme paquet d'argent , je pense que c'est tout de même une différence acceptable ...
Je l’ai déjà mentionné , mais pour être clair , je vous recommande de toujours faire un premier dépôt de l'ordre de 100 - 150 € en commençant dans un nouveau casino .
Vous aurez certainement besoin de ce capital de départ minimum pour éviter des problèmes lors de doubler la mise , ce qui est nécessaire pour appliquer avec succès mon système de roulette .
En outre , lorsque vous effectuez votre premier dépôt , vous recevrez gratuitement votre bonus d'inscription de 100 % ( jusqu'à 250 € ) .
Si vous faisiez un premier dépôt de 250 € , vous recevrez gratuitement un bonus de 250 € , bien sûr seulement pour le premier versement ( c'est - à - dire si vous effectuez un premier dépôt de 150 € vous ne recevez pas le plein bonus de 250 € , mais seulement sur le montant de 150 € ( 100 % ) que vous avez déposé , ce qui donne 300 € dans votre compte au casino ) .
Mais bien sûr la décision vous appartient ...
Après le logiciel du casino ai approuvé votre compte de joueur , vous verrez 2 options dans le menu en haut de l'écran : " REAL PLAY MODE " et " PRACTICAL PLAY MODE " .
Si vous avez déjà parfaitement compris mon système de roulette , vous pouvez commencer maintenant et commencer à JOUER AVEC DE L’ARGENT REEL .
Toutefois , si vous voulez d’abord acquérir un peu d’expérience avec les logiciels de roulette , choisissez " PRACTICAL PLAY MODE " afin d'apprendre à connaitre le logiciel et toutes les options de jeu disponibles .
Lorsque vous êtes prêt , cliquez sur l'onglet " Roulette Européenne " dans le menu " ROULETTE GAMES " -> " EUROPEAN ROULETTE " .
Ensuite , cliquez sur " JOIN " .
Si vous voulez que le jeux soit plus performant , je vous recommande d'activer le " Mode Turbo " dans les options du menu ' .
Maintenant commencer à jouer et , en appliquant mon système de roulette placer votre premier pari de 1 € sur le rouge ou le noir .
Si vous avez placé une mise par erreur , cliquez simplement sur le bouton droit de votre souris pour annuler ce dernier pari ( par erreur ) .
Si vous appliquez mon système de roulette de la façon que j'ai décrit dans le tutoriel ci-dessus , vous allez bientôt vous rendre compte que vous allez gagner beaucoup d'argent en un temps très court .
Du côté droit , vous voyez une table de roulette , où j'ai commencé avec un capital de 2000 € .
J'ai joué exactement 23 minutes utilisant mon système de roulette et si vous regardez attentivement l'image , vous pouvez voir combien d'argent j'ai gagner !
( Choisissez Nom et Mot de Passe )
( Entrez Vos Données ) ( Choisissez Une Tabel Privée ) ( 1263 € de Profit Pure En 30 Minutes )
( Système de payment securisé WebDollar )
( L’Amie De Mike Aime Aussi Gagner ) Étape 4
Si jusqu'à présent vous vous êtes entraîné avec le " PRACTICAL PLAY MODE " , il est maintenant temps de faire un peu d’argent réel .
Mais d'abord , nous avons besoin de déposer de l'argent à la banque du casino .
Pour réussir à appliquer mon système de roulette je vous recommande de déposer entre 100 € - 150 € dans votre compte bancaire du casino .
Je vous assure que même lorsque vous déposer seulement ce montant assez minime , ma stratégie de roulette fonctionne parfaitement bien .
Vous n'avez pas à vous préoccuper de tout argent déposé , car vous pouvez facilement transférer quand vous le voulez tous paiements effectués sur votre vrai compte en banque .
Déposer un capital de départ afin de commencer à faire réellement de l'argent , pour cela cliqué sur le bouton " CASHIER ( CAISSIER ) " ->
" Deposit ( Dépôt ) " ->
" Credit Cards ( Cartes de crédit ) " .
Avant de faire un premier dépôt , tenez compte du fait que le casino Karamba Casino
vous paye un Bonus de Bienvenue , cela veut dire qu'ils DOUBLENT l'argent que vous déposez à la banque du casino .
Ce qui signifie que vous serez en mesure de commencer à jouer avec 200 % de votre montant initial de capital de départ .
Le casino Karamba Casino
propose en ce moment une prime de bienvenue de jusqu'à 250 €.
D'après mon expérience comme " chasseur de bonus " je sais que :
Afin de maximiser vos profits il est logique de prendre autant bonus de bienvenue que possible .
Pour atteindre cet objectif il faut déposer 250 € .
Comme vous pouvez toujours transférer n’importe quel montant sur votre vrai compte en banque , faire un dépôt à Karamba Casino
est sans risque pour vous .
Karamba Casino
est très fiable et digne de confiance , sinon ils perdraient leurs clients en quelques jours .
Si votre premier dépôt au casino est de 250 € , vous recevrez 250 € de bonus gratuit ( donc 400 € de bonus gratuit si vous déposez 400 € , 150 € de bonus gratuits si vous déposez 150 € , etc. ) .
Le plus élevé votre premier dépôt est , le plus d'argent gratuit vous obtenez comme bonus de bienvenue .
Gardez à l'esprit que ce bonus d'inscription est offert pour le premier versement seulement , c’est en quelque sorte un cadeau pour les nouveaux clients .
Personnellement je ferais ce premier paiement d’un montant aussi élevé que je puisse me le permettre ( car il n'y a aucun risque ) , mais bien sûr cela dépend de vous ...
Pour déposer quelque chose dans votre compte en banque de casino , Karamba Casino
vous offre les méthodes de dépôts suivantes : carte de crédit , transfert bancaire , giropay , Moneybookers , ClickandBuy , NETeller , Click2 Pay , Paysafecard , chèque et autres .
À mon avis , la méthode la plus rapide et la plus simple pour déposer votre capital de départ est d’utiliser une carte de crédit .
Utiliser une carte de crédit , vous ne prenez aucun risque , car tous les paiements du casino sont gérés par " webdollar " .
Vos données de carte de crédit restent entièrement cryptées durant tout le processus , ce qui signifie que personne n’aura accès à vos données à quel moment que ce soit .
Personnellement je préfère la méthode de carte de crédit , mais si vous ne possédez pas de carte de crédit , il vous suffit d'accéder au menu CASHIER ( CAISSIER ) et choisissez la méthode qui vous convient le mieux .
Étape 5 Faites - vous déjà beaucoup d'argent ?
Eh bien ...
Si vous bénéficiez de ma stratégie , pourquoi ne pas invitez vos amis à l’essayer ?
Vous pouvez envoyer un lien vers mon site à tous vos amis et chacun d'eux obtient la possibilité de profiter de tous les $ $$ du casino .
Contact Envoyez - moi un e-mail pour obtenir une mise à jour de conseils gagnant et une liste d'autres casinos en ligne exploitable .
Il vous suffit d'écrire à :
[ email protected ] La Stratégie Professionnele Pour Les Joueurs Expérimentés
Peut - être que vous voulez gagner du temps !
Comment faire ?
Vous avez appliqué mon système de roulette avec succès et maintenant vous voulez faire encore plus d'argent dans un laps de temps plus court ?
Eh bien , je peux vous aider aussi .
Avec l'expérience que vous avez acquise , il devient approprié pour vous de considérer à légèrement augmenter vos paris .
Je ne vous ai pas recommandé de le faire quand j'ai commencé à vous expliquer la stratégie , surtout en raison du fait que le capital de départ de 100 - 150 € pourrait ne pas être suffisant pour placer des paris supérieur à 1 € avec efficacité à long terme .
Assumons que , grâce à vos gains , vous avez maintenant non pas seulement 150 € mais autour de 500 € de capital de départ à votre disposition .
Si tel est le cas , vous commencer maintenant à gagner du temps jouant au casino en augmentant le montant de votre mise initiale .
Pour vous donner une vue d'ensemble de quel montant de capital de départ fonctionne le mieux avec quel montant de pari initial , j'ai compilé la liste suivante pour vous : Capital de départ Montant Du Premier Pari 100 € 1 € 500 € 5 € 100 € 10 € etc... etc...
En utilisant ces capitaux / combinaisons de pari , votre taux moyen de gains par heure augmentera plus rapidement .
Gagner L'Argent Gratuit : Le Bonus D'Inscription
Comme vous le savez peut - être , la plupart des casinos en ligne fournissent un bonus important de bienvenue aux nouveaux joueurs afin de les inciter à faire un dépôt et aussi pour leur donner gratuitement la chance d'essayer et de tester tous les jeux fournis avec le logiciel du casino .
Avec la plupart des casinos si vous avez de la chance , ils vous offrent des capitaux de départ égale à DEUX FOIS le montant d'argent que vous avez déposés .
Je vous recommandons fortement de profiter de ces bonus autant que possible , car le bonus est vraiment du capital gratuit pour jouer .
Après que vous ayez remplit certaines exigences de mise - ce que vous ferez rapidement sans leur accorder une deuxième pensée lorsque vous appliquer mon système de roulette - vous pouvez retirer ce bonus directement sur votre compte bancaire .
Gagner L'Argent - Le Karamba Casino
Bonus de Bienvenue
250 € De Bonus D’Inscription – Agissez Maintenant !
1er Mois Bonus – 100 % jusqu'à 250 €
2e Mois Bonus – 100 % jusqu'à 50 €
3e - 11e Mois Bonus – 100 % jusqu'à 50 € Alors comment est-il possible que j'ai toujours gagner ?
Oui , je sais que c'est fou .
Vous allez voir de vous - même ce qui se passe quand vous avez joué votre premier tour et vous voyez votre argent augmenter d’heure en heure .
C'est une expérience un peu étrange , surtout si vous avez travaillé dur auparavant afin de gagner seulement 10 ou 20 euro de l’heure .
Même aujourd ' hui , beaucoup de gens travaillent plus de 1 heure afin de gagner 10 euro ou moins et , de mon point de vue personnel en ce moment , cela me semble encore plus fou .
Ce que je veux dire c'est vraiment , soyez préparé mentalement et sur le plan émotif à cette expérience .
Beaucoup de gens inconsciemment ont peur de l'expérience du véritable succès sans se tuer au travail , simplement parce qu'ils ne veulent pas croire que faire de l'argent peut en effet être aussi simple que cela .
Alors , pourquoi cela est-il aussi simple et vous n’en avez pas entendu les nouvelles et dans les magazines d'affaires parler de ce système fou ?
Vous voyez :
Le système existe , il a toujours existé , mais si vous l’utilisez sur des tables ayant de petites limites , le système devient presque sans valeur , comme vous pourriez parfois toucher la limite de table juste avant de réaliser votre dernière tour victorieux .
De nos jours il y a en fait très peu de casinos en ligne qui ont encore et permettent ces hautes limites de table .
Pour vous donner une meilleure compréhension de ce que ces hautes limites de table impliquent , la probabilité de perdre dans le casino Karamba Casino
( et aussi dans les autres casinos que je vous ai suggérés lorsque vous utilisez mon système roulette est de seulement 1:15000 .
Ce qui signifie que vous pouvez jouer plus de 15.000 tours sans perdre .
Vous continuez de gagner au moins 15.000 fois de suite .
Génial , non ?
Alors , pourquoi les médias ou les casinos n’ont pas réagi ?
Pourquoi acceptent ils des joueurs qui " conduisent le casino en faillite " ?
Laissez - moi expliquer :
De nos jours avec les jeux d'argent en ligne deviennent de plus en plus populaires , les casinos peuvent se permettre de garder des joueurs qui en réalité leur coûtent de l'argent , car ils obtiennent plus qu’assez d’espèces provenant des pertes de joueurs sans talent ou pas informés .
Et comme les casinos en ligne sont ouverts 24/7 , sans la nécessité pour leurs propriétaires de payer de loyer ou de salaire à des employés , ils font assez bien de cette façon .
Aujourd 'hui , il y a tellement de gens qui réalisent les nombreux avantages des jouer aux jeux de hasard en ligne à l’encontre de toujours visiter « un casino en briques et mortier " .
Ils ont vraiment beaucoup d'avantages si vous y pensez : Premièrement , les casinos en ligne ont des taux de paiement extrêmement élevés de jusqu’à 99,5 % , comme l’avantage du casino est extrêmement faible .
Les casinos en ligne peuvent se permettre de le faire afin d’attirer de nouveaux joueurs , car , comme je l'ai mentionné avant , ils n'ont pas de coûts de personnel ou de location à l’encontre des " vrais casinos " qui eux le doivent , avant de pouvoir générer un profit .
Vous ne trouverez jamais d’avantage de casino aussi faible dans de vrais casinos ou loteries !
Lorsque vous jouez à la loterie , ils prennent généralement 50 % ou plus de votre argent comme une taxe sur les jeux de hasard .
Un deuxième avantage des casinos en ligne est qu’en ligne vous êtes autorisé à choisir vous - même le montant de votre pari , ce qui permet de très petites mises pour diminuer votre risque de perdre .
Et bien sûr le fait aide que vous pouvez jouer anonymement et confortablement depuis votre propre maison au moment que vous choisissez .
A vant de nous finissons ce guide et vous laissez commencez à jouer de vous -même , permettez - moi partager avec vous quelques derniers conseils : NE JAMAIS jouer sans une bonne stratégie !
Si vous voulez faire de l'argent avec les casinos en ligne , prenez mon conseil , prenez mon système de roulette , puis agissez en conséquence !
Le jeu est comme tout le reste dans la vie .
Si vous n'avez pas de plan et si vous n'avez pas un objectif , vous pouvez éventuellement perdre et qu'on profite de vous .
Au lieu de cela , suivez mes conseils , lisez tout avec soin , si vous avez besoin de tout relire une ou deux fois jusqu'à ce que vous mémorisiez et jusqu'à ce que vous soyez sûr d’avoir compris tous les détails ...
Lorsque vous êtes prêt , faites votre premier dépôt et , n'oubliez pas de marquer cette journée dans votre agenda comme le jour où vous vous êtes lancé sur votre chemin de la liberté financière totale .
Je vous souhaite tous mes voeux pour votre succès à la roulette et dans votre vie !
Je suis certain que vous allez vous amuser en mettant ce système en pratique , et maintenant , sans plus tarder : Commencez a mettre ma stratégie à bonne utilisation et ALLEZ FAIRE UN PAQUET DE $ $ $...
Au revoir & Tous Mes Voeux
Chris Kaas Témoignages Chris , vous êtes vraiment super !
Au début , je ne pouvais même pas imaginer dans mes rêves les plus fous que cela fonctionnerait , mais grâce à votre système de roulette j'ai fait plus de 10000 € en un seul mois .
Et j'ai juste suivi les conseils dans le guide , en appliquant exactement la façon dont vous avez décrite ...
C'est vraiment fou !
Adrien Lucas , Suisse Aujourd ' hui nous avons fait plus de 1000 € , de nouveau .
Il y a quelques mois seulement nous n'aurions pas vraiment pensé que cela marcherait principalement en raison des limites de table dont nous avions l'habitude .
Mais les limites à Karamba Casino
sont si élevés que nous pouvons jouer pendant des mois jusqu'à ce que nous perdions le premier enjeu .
Merci pour ce tutoriel fantastique !
Susanne et Bernard , Canada Franchement parlé je ne croyais pas en votre stratégie de roulette .
Mais après nous avons échangé quelques e-mails et que vous m'avez convaincu que votre système fonctionne vraiment à Karamba Casino
- grâce à la limite de table élevée - Je suis vraiment désolé de ne pas vous avoir fait confiance et je tiens à m'excuser pour cela .
Votre stratégie de la roulette fonctionne vraiment et , ceux qui n'y croient pas devraient essayer - mais sinon cela laisse plus d'argent que je peux retirer du casinos !
Albert Show , Paris Roulette Strategie | Jeu Roulette | Roulette Casino | Internet Roulette | Roulette Online | Technique Roulette | Roulette System | Méthode Roulette | Martingale Roulette Disclaimer
Today we have a chance for you to win a copy of Protégé on DVD .
Here is a little bit about the film :
For an undercover drug trafficker , the fine line between right and wrong is tested beyond its limits when PROTÉGÉ debuts on DVD February 24th on the Dragon Dynasty label from Genius Products and The Weinstein Company .
With a cast of Asian cinema superstars including Andy Lau ( House of Flying Daggers ) , Daniel Wu ( Legend of the Black Scorpion ) , Louis Koo ( Flash Point ) and Jingchu Zhang ( Seven Swords ) , PROTÉGÉ earned Lau a 2007 Hong Kong Award for Best Supporting Actor and received nine Hong Kong Award nominations * , including Best Picture , Best Actress ( Zhang ) and Best Supporting Actor ( Koo ) .
Based on true stories of undercover agents on the police force , PROTÉGÉ follows their story among the clandestine drug world , as they struggle to balance both justice and crime .
And here is the trailer :
Winning the prizes will be really simple .
On Friday February 27th , we will select 1 winner each from both our Twitter followers , and our Facebook group .
In order to have the best chance of winning , you should join both .
In the future we will have additional contests , and being members of these groups will make you eligible for those prizes as well .
Good luck , and remember if you do n’t win , go buy it .
HeidiSQL is an easy - to - use ide for web - developers using the popular MySQL - Database .
It allows you to manage and browse your databases and tables from an intuitive Windows® interface .
With a download size of less than 2 Mb , it is quite lightweight and fast to load .
Some of the features of HeidiSQL :
# generate nice SQL - exports
# synchronize tables between two databases
# manage user - privileges
# import text - files
# export table - data as CSV , HTML and XML
# browse and edit table - data using a comfortable grid
# batch - insert ascii or binary files into tables
# write queries with customizable syntax - highlighting and code- completion
# monitor and kill client - processes
Version 4.0 , which will release soon also supports query completion and various grid editors for column data .
HeidiSQL is also available for Apple iPhone in the form of a Java port jHeidi .
1 of 1 2 of 1
Experts say exercise is a kind of Miracle - Gro for your neocortex , boosting mental agility and mood along with physical fitness .
For some people , fitness comes naturally .
Maybe they were on every single sports team growing up , or their idea of the perfect Vancouver day involves a morning spent cycling the seawall , an afternoon snowboarding at Cypress , and a hot - yoga session to unwind .
For others , physical activity involves some — or a lot of — struggle .
They might be unmotivated , intimidated , or simply turned off by the notion of spending whatever spare time they do n’t have on a stair climber .
Nicole Yamanaka was n’t one of those people who played several different sports when she was younger .
The Vancouver personal trainer ’s fitness mantra could be summed up in the words of that 1990s R & B group En Vogue : “ Free your mind , and the rest will follow . ”
You wo n’t find Yamanaka — who owns Le Physique Personal Training with her husband , Brian — sticking her clients on an elliptical trainer every day of the week .
Although she says there ’s a place for equipment , Yamanaka thinks outside the gym — literally .
Forget the treadmill : instead , the 30 - year - old takes her clients snowshoeing , rock - climbing , white - water rafting , pole dancing , skating , golfing , and horseback riding , among other things .
They might also swirl a Hula - Hoop or even go to a gun-shooting range .
“ It ’s all about expanding your mind , ” the lean , long - haired Yamanaka tells the Georgia Straight over a hot drink near her False Creek facility .
“ If you ’re not willing to try stuff , if you ’re afraid , you ’re not going to have a good experience , whether it ’s in fitness , work , relationships , life .
If you do n’t like it , that ’s okay .
But you might love it . ”
¦My idea of fitness is that you have to have fun with your body .
That ’s why I love my job .
We get to do so many fun things . ”
¦Just showing up to the gym twice a week gets boring .
“ Whether it ’s soccer or martial arts , ” she adds , “ you ’ve got to follow your passion . ”
If fitness can be enhanced by having an open mind , exercise can also have a tremendous impact on the mind itself .
“ Learning the asanas of yoga , the positions of ballet , the skills of gymnastics , the elements of figure skating , the contortions of Pilates , the forms of karate — all these practices engage nerve cells throughout the brain , ” writes Harvard Medical School associate clinical professor of psychiatry John J. Ratey in Spark : The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and the Brain ( Little , Brown and Company , 2008 ) .
Exercise improves alertness , attention , and motivation , he says , and prepares and encourages nerve cells to bind together , a process he calls “ the cellular basis for logging in new information ” .
Ratey , who cowrote the book with Eric Hagerman , says that a combination of aerobic exercise and “ complex activity ” maximizes brain power .
“ A fast - paced workout boosts the production of a protein called brain - derived neurotrophic factor , ” he explains in his book .
“ I call it Miracle - Gro for the brain , and physical activity is one of the best ways to release this brain - nourishing protein .
A workout at the gym or a brisk walk also seems to build better connections between brain cells .
Studies show that regular physical activity may increase the production of cells in the hippocampus , the region of the brain involved in learning and memory .
The end result is a brain that ’s better able to perform in school , at home or on the job . ”
Local fitness expert Ron Zalko wholeheartedly believes that physical activity benefits the mind .
“ It puts you from a negative state to a positive state of mind , ” Zalko tells the Georgia Straight in a phone interview , noting that if he ’s having a stressful day , he gets on a bike “ and rides like crazy ” , then does yoga to “ mellow out ” .
“ When you start activating the body , you activate the mind .
And when your mind is feeling strong , nothing can break you or put you down .
When your mind is strong , everything else is easy : your workplace , your relationships .
Everyone notices the change in your mood .
Being healthy means taking care of your mind and your body . ”
Research is increasingly backing up the benefits of exercise for the brain .
A study in the November 2008 issue of the Journal of Applied Physiology by researchers at the National Cheng Kung University Medical College in Taiwan found that in mice , exercise can reverse the age - related decline in the production of neural stem cells in the hippocampus .
Older adults who exercise regularly show increased cerebral blood flow and a greater number of small blood vessels in the brain compared with those who do n’t , according to findings presented last month at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America .
And a study by Germany ’s University of Muenster published in Neurobiology of Learning and Memory in May 2007 found that people learn new words 20 percent faster after doing a physical activity than before .
“ No matter what your age , being a physical slug is bad for your brain , even if you are spending all of your time doing New York Times crossword puzzles , ” writes neuroscientist and brain - imaging expert Daniel G. Amen in Magnificent Mind at Any Age : Natural Ways to Unleash Your Brain ’s Maximum Potential ( Harmony , $ 27.95 ) .
“ The brain needs physical exercise , ” says Amen , an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry and human behaviour at the University of California at Irvine ’s school of medicine .
“ Without it , the brain struggles .
Exercise boosts blood flow to the brain , which helps supply oxygen , glucose , and nutrients and takes away toxic substances .
Anything that limits blood flow results in poorer oxygenation , glucose delivery , and nutrient deficiencies .
If the deep areas of the brain are starved of healthy blood flow you will have problems with coordination and processing complex thoughts .
“ Whatever is good for your heart is also good for your brain , ” he explains .
“ Too little exercise allows blood vessels to become droopy and less efficient . ”
Besides being an antidote to stress , exercise can have a potent effect on mood .
Researchers from Durham , North Carolina ’s Duke University Medical Center published findings in 1999 in the Archives of Internal Medicine showing that exercise was as effective as the antidepressant sertraline ( sometimes sold under the brand name Zoloft ) , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor , when it comes to treating depression .
“ Aside from elevating endorphins , exercise regulates all of the neurotransmitters targeted by antidepressants , ” Ratey writes in Spark .
“ It wakes up the brain and gets it going and improves self - esteem , which is one component of depression .
Exercise also boosts dopamine , which improves mood and feelings of wellness . ”
¦Studies have shown that chronic exercise increases dopamine storage in the brain , ” Ratey adds , noting that this can help control addictions .
Once she starting teaching group aerobics , Yamanaka witnessed the transformative effects exercise could have on people and was so moved that she gave up her studies in marine biology to pursue fitness full - time .
“ I saw what it did for people , ” Yamanaka says .
“ Fitness allowed people to be who they wanted to be : confident , outgoing , strong , capable . ”
She herself discovered a sense of calm through yoga , despite initially being skeptical of the form ’s virtues .
“ I tried it , and I loved it , ” she says .
“ I ’m a type A personality .
Yoga brought peace to me . ”
Yamanaka — who was named the 2008 British Columbia Recreation and Parks Association ’s personal trainer of the year and is a director of the B.C. Association of Kinesiologists — has her own trainer , whom she meets four times a week .
If she did n’t have that commitment , she says , she ’d likely be doing paperwork instead of working out .
Any health professional will say that one of the best ways to stick with an exercise regime is to find an activity you enjoy .
Yamanaka says it helps to get encouragement from family and friends .
“ Let people know what you ’re doing and that you ’re going to need some help .
You might see a trainer twice a week , but who ’s really influencing you ?
Get a friend to say , ” ˜Let ’s go for that walk . ’ ”
And a walk could do the trick : exercising for your mental health does n’t necessarily mean the kind of hard - core regimen that makes boot camps look like a mere warm - up .
However , Ratey says that doing some form of aerobic exercise for 60 minutes every day is ideal .
Strength and flexibility training are also important , but their effect on the brain is n’t as clear ; there ’s far less research on how nonaerobic exercise affects learning , attention , anxiety , and depression .
The Public Health Agency of Canada ’s Physical Activity Guide points out that exercise can be broken up into 10 - minute segments throughout the day and still have the same benefits .
“ The process of getting fit is all about building up your aerobic base , ” Ratey writes .
“ The more you work your heart and lungs , the more efficient they become at delivering oxygen to your body and brain . ”
Make your workout fun , Yamanaka advises , and remember that there ’s more to exercise than slimming down or toning up .
As people think about fulfilling New Year ’s resolutions to improve themselves physically , they should n’t overlook the mental benefits of exercise .
“ You want to keep the big picture in mind , ” Yamanaka says .
“ A lot of people might say they want to lose 10 pounds , and so they decide they ’re going to run a five - or 10 K race .
They join a running clinic , but then they focus only on the running : their feet hurt , their knees hurt , and then they think , ” ˜Running sucks . ’
You lose sight of the end goal .
You need to know what it is you want and why you want it , and to go deeper than just wanting to lose 10 pounds : once you lose it , you ’ll feel better about yourself , and you ’ll be better able to take care of yourself , your kids — whatever it is .
You ’ll feel better in every way .
It all ties together . ”
Now ’s your chance to tell the FTC how you feel about Digital Rights Management technologies – the Commission has opened up a comment form to the public .
Advertisement
“ All timely and responsive public comments , whether filed in paper or electronic form , will be considered by the Commission , and will be placed on the public record of this proceeding , ” says the posted FTC notice .
This matters to you , dear gamer , because DRM is a pain for gamers and hardly an obstacle for PC game pirates .
Games for Windows Community Manager Ryan Miller backs this up on his blog .
Take the time to tell the FTC this and Microsoft might actually have to start playing nice .
Advertisement
The actual Town Hall meeting will take place in Seattle , WA on March 25 , 2009 .
Check out the form here .
The VW Bluesport Roadster may only be a concept , but it 's sure to pique the interest of drivers looking for top - down fun and diesel power on the same chassis .
Advertisement
As we mentioned last night , the Volkswagen Bluesport concept is powered by a 180 HP turbodiesel motor mounted amidship .
Despite its concept status , VW is promising fairly realistic performance .
This includes a 0 - 60 MPH time of 6.2 seconds and a top speed of 140 MPH .
Though not Prius - killing , the 42 MPG combined mileage ( we 're guessing in the European cycle ) is impressive for a sports car and would surely top any known competitors .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
As for production , there 's no definite word though the design looks closer to a production vehicle than most we 've seen .
The highlight of the VW press conference ?
Listening to President and CEO of Volkswagen of America Stefan Jacoby pronounce Chatanooga was high on the list .
But the breakdancers who introduced the car , followed by the dozens of carnation - wielding kids , take the cake .
Israel has mounted a public relations campaign to convince international hearts and minds that Hamas is to blame for the death and destruction they are seeing on their television screens .
Stung by the wave of international criticism earlier this year when Israel invaded Gaza to stop militants firing rockets , in an operation dwarfed by its current attack , Israel decided to go on the offensive .
" In the past our prime minister received phone calls from high - ranking officials and politicians .
When he said , ' Surely you understand about the rocket fire ' , they said , ' What are you talking about ? ' " foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said .
So , while the military marshalled its forces , the foreign ministry honed its message and amassed its staff , ready for Saturday 's attack .
Israeli diplomats were recalled from holidays and ordered back to work and in the rocket - bombarded southern Israeli town of Sderot , on Gaza 's northern perimeter , it opened a multilingual media centre to brief foreign journalists .
Then when the time came , the foreign minister , Tzipi Livni , reportedly picked up the phone , dialing Britain 's foreign secretary , David Miliband , US secretary of state Condoleezza Rice , UN secretary general Ban Ki-Moon , and EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana along with the foreign ministers of Russia , China , France and Germany .
Yesterday she also briefed two buses of up to 80 international representatives and dignitaries in the Sderot media centre .
" We thought it was essential to show the context in which Israel 's decisions are being made and that there is a sequence of events , " Palmor said .
For Israel , the chain of events leading up to this attack begins not with its occupation of Palestinian territory in 1967 , which is the Palestinian view .
Instead it begins three years ago with its decision to withdraw its military barracks and civilian settlements from inside Gaza .
" We could start in 1948 [ with the partitioning of historical Palestine to create Israel ] but if we want to limit ourselves to the current situation , I would begin with the pull - out of 2005 , " Palmor said .
Palestinian militants claimed the evacuation was a victory due to their rocket - launching campaign and continued firing rockets on to Israeli southern towns .
Having built a wall around Gaza before disengagement , Israel then imposed a progressively tighter blockade , by barring Gazan labourers from entering Israel in late 2005 , then by banning Gazan commercial trade in 2006 and finally in mid-2007 by squeezing humanitarian aid .
Asked whether the campaign was working , Palmor said it was too early to tell .
Still , as the attack was beginning yesterday on , the message , whether due to Israel 's campaign or not , was being publicly repeated around the world .
Rice blamed Hamas " for breaking the cease - fire and for the renewal of violence " while the Palestinian Authorityís President , Mahmoud Abbas , said the attack could have been avoided .
" We have warned of this grave danger and said that we should remove all the pretexts used by Israel , " Abbas said yesterday as the attack on Gaza continued .
Regarding Opera Mini and the App Store
[ Update : Addendum regarding iPhone SDK guideline 3.3.2 appended . ]
I ’ve done some digging on this “ Opera Mini was rejected from the App Store ” story , and the truth appears to be very different than what has been reported and assumed .
It all started with this paragraph from Saul Hansell on the NY Times Bits weblog , regarding Opera CEO Jon Stephenson von Tetzchner :
Mr. von Tetzchner said that Opera ’s engineers have developed a version of Opera Mini that can run on an Apple iPhone , but Apple wo n’t let the company release it because it competes with Apple ’s own Safari browser .
Note , though , that this is not a quote from von Tetzchner — he ’s being paraphrased by Hansell .
My understanding , based on information from informed sources who do not wish to be identified because they were not authorized by their employers , is that Opera has developed an iPhone version of Opera Mini , but they have n’t even submitted it to Apple , let alone had it be rejected .
One thing I had n’t realized before is that Opera has two different mobile browsers : Opera Mini and Opera Mobile .
Opera Mobile is pretty much a traditional , regular web browser .
It ’s Opera , but stripped down and optimized for mobile platforms .
Opera Mini , though , is something else .
Rather than a web browser that interacts with web sites directly , Opera Mini goes through proxy servers run by Opera .
In a nut , it works like this :
You request a URL in Opera Mini .
Opera Mini makes the request to a proxy server run by Opera .
Opera ’s proxy server connects to the web server hosting the requested URL , and renders the page into an image .
This image is then transmitted ( in a proprietary format called OBML — Opera Binary Markup Language ) to the Opera Mini client .
Opera Mini displays the rendered image on screen .
This may sound convoluted , but apparently the result is very effective — it ’s faster to transmit , because only OBML ( a compressed binary format ) is transmitted to the mobile device over the phone network , and far faster to render on slow mobile processors .
It is Opera Mini , not Opera Mobile , that Hansell indicated that Apple rejected .
So , my speculation that it was rejected from the App Store for running its own JavaScript interpreter was wrong —
Opera Mini is really only a thin client that knows how to display OBML .
It does n’t even render HTML , let alone contain a full JavaScript interpreter .
( Chris Mills wrote a piece on the Opera developer weblog last year regarding Opera Mini and JavaScript . )
OBML is more like PDF than HTML .
So in theory , I think a version of Opera Mini that complies with the iPhone SDK Agreement could be developed .
However , the version that Opera has developed for the iPhone is problematic in other ways .
The cross-platform code base for the Opera Mini client software is written in Java .
The assumption being that it should run on any mobile phone with a Java ME virtual machine .
The iPhone , of course , does n’t support Java in any form .
On the Opera Labs web site in April , Chris Mills described how they ported Opera Mini to Android .
Android uses the Java programming language for development , but does n’t use a standard Java virtual machine ; instead , for Android , Google has developed their own virtual machine called Dalvik .
Here ’s Mills ’s description of how Opera ported it for Android :
We decided to use the existing Opera Mini code base ( even the binary package ) instead of creating a separate port , to save on resources .
We created a special wrapper that translates Java ME ( mostly MIDP ) API calls into Android API calls .
The tool used was MicroEmulator — this is an open source ( LGPL ) implementation of Java ME that runs on top of Java SE .
The lead Opera Mini Android developer is also the lead developer of MicroEmulator , so it was an inspired choice !
The Android platform is similar to Java SE , with the exception of several libraries normally included in Java SE ( like AWT / Swing — these are excluded because they would likely be too heavy to fit into the embedded environment . )
It is therefore fairly simple to port MicroEmulator to run inside Android environment .
The only major task was to replace the AWT / Swing graphics backend of MicroEmulator with Android specific APIs .
So in short , they ’ve written their own bridge to run Java ME bytecode on Android .
If what they ’ve done for the iPhone is along the same lines — that they ’ve gotten a Java ME runtime running on the iPhone — it ’s clearly outside the bounds of the iPhone SDK Agreement .
The guideline in question is rule 3.3.2 , which reads :
3.3.2 — An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means , including without limitation through the use of a plug - in architecture , calling other frameworks , other APIs or otherwise .
No interpreted code may be downloaded and used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple ’s Published APIs and built - in interpreter (s ) .
My somewhat informed hunch is that the iPhone version of Opera Mini that von Tetzchner alluded to in his interview with Hansell is running only on jailbroken iPhones .
If it ’s using APIs only available on jailbroken iPhones , it might not even run as it stands today on a standard iPhone using only the official APIs .
What Opera would need to do to have a version of Opera Mini they could submit to the App Store would be to port the entire client software to the C and Objective - C APIs officially supported on the iPhone .
It could well be that even then , Apple would reject it from the App Store on anti-competitive grounds — but contrary to this week ’s speculation , that has not happened .
And I hope it would n’t , because Opera Mini sounds like a very cool app .
Addendum
Several readers dispute my interpretation of rule 3.3.2 , arguing that it does not forbid interpreters in general .
The key word in the clause is “ downloaded ” — that you cannot ship an iPhone app containing an interpreter which allows you to download additional executable content , circumventing the App Store .
For example , a generic “ Flash Player ” app which allowed you to download directly to your iPhone games and utilities written in Flash — that ’s the sort of thing 3.3.2 forbids .
An app which contains an interpreter that only executes scripts or bytecode that is self - contained within the app bundle , however , should be permissible under this guideline .
And there are , apparently , apps that are shipping through the App Store today using just such technologies .
There are even commercial developer projects like Innnaworks ’s AlcheMo , which translate J2ME Java apps to native iPhone apps , and Unity3D , a game development framework based on Mono , using JavaScript , C# , and Python , but which outputs native ARM assembly code and , thus , native iPhone apps .
So there may well be nothing in the iPhone SDK Agreement that would forbid Opera Mini from appearing in the App Store .
Again , though , just because an app does n’t violate the rules does n’t mean Apple will accept it .
Mendel solved the logic of inheritance in his monastery garden with no more technology than Darwin had in his garden at Down House , so why could n't Darwin have done it too ?
A Journal of Biology article argues that Darwin 's background , influences and research focus gave him a viewpoint that prevented him from interpreting the evidence that was all around him , even in his own work .
Moravian priest and scientist Gregor Mendel ( 1822 - 1884 ) studied clear - cut , inherited traits in pea plants , which he grew in the monastery gardens in Brno .
Mendel showed that trait inheritance follows simple laws , and ' Mendels Laws Of Inheritance ' ( 1 ) were later named after him .
Mendel 's work was rediscovered at the beginning of the 20th century , and laid the foundations for genetics .
Mendel had a good understanding of biology and Darwin had an outstanding one .
So why did n't Darwin become the " father of modern genetics " ?
Mendels understanding of physics , statistics and probability theory were far superior to Darwin's , argues Jonathan Howard of the University of Cologne , Germany .
And Darwin 's commitment to quantitative variation as the raw material of evolution meant he could not see the logic of inheritance .
" Quantitative variation was at the heart of Darwin 's evolution , and quantitative variation is the last place where clean Mendelian inheritance can be seen , " says Howard .
" Darwin boxed himself in , unable to see the laws of inheritance in continuous variation , unable to see the real importance of discontinuous variation where the laws of inheritance could be discerned .
" Darwin's view of biology was greatly influenced by geologist Charles Lyell during and after the 1831 - 1836 Beagle voyage , leading to Darwin 's focus on infinitely tiny differences between individuals giving infinitesimal advantages or disadvantages in survival .
For Darwin , selection of these variants over hundreds of thousands of generations was the critical process in evolution .
Darwin's book The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species details breeding experiments involving a well - defined " unit " character , yielding clear data interpretable as ' Mendelian ' ratios .
But these went unremarked by Darwin , who insisted , because of his belief that only quantitative variation contributed to evolution , that the rules of inheritance were too complex and not ready for definitive analysis .
Heredity and variation played central roles in Darwin 's development of the theory of evolution by natural selection .
His view that variation is caused by random , quasi- physical events outside environmental control , is much as we believe today .
But he never freed himself from the incorrect belief that environmentally determined changes could also be inherited , another victim of his focus on quantitative characters , height , weight and so on , which are strongly influenced by environmental effects .
This year marks the bicentennial of Darwin 's birthday , and 150 years since " Origin of Species " was first published .
For more articles from all over the world , check out Darwin Day 2009 and 30 Days of Evolution Blogging at Adaptive Complexity Article :
Why did n't Darwin discover Mendel 's laws ? , Jonathan C Howard , Journal of Biology 2009 , 8:15 ( 24 February 2009 ) (1 )
Two generalizations , the Law of Segregation and the Law of Independent Assortment
Rights groups say white phosphorus shells were fired into built - up areas of Gaza
Any Israeli soldiers accused of war crimes in the Gaza Strip will be given state protection from prosecution overseas , the country 's PM has said .
Ehud Olmert said troops should know Israel would keep them safe after they acted to protect their country .
Palestinians say 1,300 people died during the offensive , and UN officials want independent probes into whether war crimes were committed .
Meanwhile , a Hamas delegation is in Egypt for talks on cementing a truce .
Israel ended its military operation in Gaza on 18 January , and Hamas declared a ceasefire hours later .
In Brussels , EU foreign ministers meeting to discuss the situation urged Palestinian factions to resolve their differences and speak with one voice .
Luxembourg 's Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn said that without a Palestinian consensus government the organisation and delivery of humanitarian aid would be undermined .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
No formal framework for a lasting ceasefire over Gaza has yet been agreed .
While Israel says it requires Hamas to end weapons smuggling into Gaza and rocket attacks on Israel , Hamas has demanded that Israel lift its economic blockade of the territory .
In Gaza , Hamas has begun handing out cash to people who had their homes destroyed , or lost relatives .
Hamas insists it will make payments based on the scale of each person 's loss , not on their political affiliation .
But the BBC's Aleem Maqbool , in Gaza , says there are those who will simply see this as a way of buying support .
Soldiers ' safe '
In Israel , Prime Minister Olmert told a weekly cabinet meeting that soldiers who had put their lives on the line for their country need not fear prosecution for war crimes overseas .
" The commanders and soldiers that were sent on the task in Gaza should know that they are safe from any tribunal and that the State of Israel will assist them in this issue and protect them as they protected us with their bodies during the military operation in Gaza , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Among complaints made by human rights groups are accusations of indiscriminate firing and the use of white phosphorus shells in civilian areas .
Israel has admitted using white phosphorus in Gaza but says it did not break international law in doing so .
White phosphorus is legal for creating smokescreens in open battleground .
But rights groups and journalists say it was used in crowded civilian areas .
The weapon sticks to human skin and will burn through to the bone .
Truce talks
In Cairo , delegates from Hamas met Egyptian intelligence officials on Sunday as they sought to bolster the week - long calm in Gaza .
Hamas says it will pay Palestinians whose homes were damaged Representatives from Fatah , the main rival Palestinian faction , were also due to attend the talks .
There was no word of the substance of discussions in Egypt with Omar Suleiman , the Egyptian intelligence chief who brokered a previous six - month truce between Israel and Hamas .
Mr Suleiman held talks with an Israeli envoy on Thursday .
In a statement , Egyptian state media said Hamas and Mr Suleiman discussed " Egyptian efforts to consolidate the ceasefire , reach a [ permanent ] truce , reopen Gaza crossings and resume Palestinian national dialogue " .
Israel and Egypt tightened their blockade of Gaza when Hamas seized control of the territory in mid-2007 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On Linux systems , you usually manage all installed software via a package management system , like for example APT on Debian and Ubuntu or RedHat 's RPM .
On the other hand , many programming languages come with their own toolset for installing and updating software , like Ruby 's Gems or Python 's Eggs .
This certainly makes sense on operating systems that do n't provide the services of a package manager , but it also causes many inconveniences on Linux systems , because " it takes the control out of a system 's standardized package manager " , as free software developer Diego Pettenò writes and elaborates in detail .
Phusion , the company behind the Ruby Enterprise Edition and the Phusion Passenger ( a.k.a. mod_rails ) , offers a solution for plagued system administrators by providing an APT repository for most Gems .
Installing a Gem , for example RMagick , is as simple as typing apt - get install librmagick - ruby and it will get installed along with all dependencies such as libmagick10 .
DebGem is currently in a free public beta period , but the plan is to charge for the service once the packages are of good enough quality .
We talked to Hongli Lai and Ninh Bui from Phusion to learn more about how DebGem works :
We can tell you that the process is partially automated .
This is not surprising because we 're programmers .
It took quite some effort to write an automated conversion system .
However , not everything can be automated ( not all gems can be converted cleanly ) so we have to specify exceptions by hand .
Discovering these exceptions as well as testing is also done by hand .
We are armed with an army of virtual machines in order to compile for and test on various distributions and platforms .
Because there are so many gems ( approximately 25000 ) a full conversion process typically takes several hours even if we parallelize the process with multiple machines .
Uploading the resulting packages to a server takes several hours .
All in all , it 's non-trivial and requires time , care and constant maintenance .
Are there any plans to support other package managers ?
At this moment we have no plans to support other package management systems , but we may reconsider if enough people express demand for it .
Is there any relation between DebGem and the Ruby Enterprise Edition ?
DebGem has no relation to Ruby Enterprise Edition , although one of our long - term plans is to provide DebGem packages compiled against REE .
There are various reasons why this is non-trivial , which is why we have n't done it already .
So while DebGem is n't a solution for the underlying problem , it seems to be a very nice workaround and might make administrators happy .
To learn more , visit the DebGem website or take a look at their FAQ .
The bronze shoe monument .
Photograph : Mahmud Saleh / AFP / Getty Images
A statue of a giant shoe has been unveiled in Saddam Hussein 's hometown in honour of the Iraqi journalist who threw his footwear at the former US president George Bush .
The statue also features a poem honouring Muntazer al - Zaidi , the Iraqi journalist who shot to international fame last month when he hurled his shoes at Bush during a farewell press conference .
The shoes narrowly missed the then president and Zaidi was quickly bundled to the ground by security staff .
The public artwork went on display in Tikrit , 90 miles north - west of Baghdad .
The Baghdad - based artist , Laith al - Amari , said his fibreglass - and - copper work was a homage to the pride of the Iraqi people .
Zaidi , who has since been dubbed by some as the Baghdad Clogger , was charged with assaulting a foreign leader and is in detention awaiting trial .
Despite what I wrote yesterday and my general views on authenticating SSL , I think that in real life SSL still needs certificate authorities , or at least some sort of trust roots .
The problem is that normal people are simply not interested in assessing trust issues and probably are not capable of doing so .
In fact I 'm not sure that I 'm capable of doing it .
( As I wrote once before , in practice I make no attempt to actually verify the SSH host keys that I get prompted to approve , so the odds that I would hand - validate SSL certificates is low .
And I am far more technical and aware of these issues than ordinary people are .
Remember , security is a pain . )
If SSL is going to mean anything more than very casual opportunistic encryption in practice , we need to delegate trust issues to someone ; in other words , we need some sort of trust roots .
The traditional alternative answer to this is a ' web of trust ' model , but this is just a cop-out , and a dangerous one at that .
You 're still leaving it to people to pick their own trust roots , with the predictable result that many people are going to do a bad job of it .
Plus , in practice I believe that the whole model has flaws that weaken its security .
( Yes , yes , at this point it is popular to blame the people for not doing their ' job ' correctly .
Wrong .
If you design a system that you know is going to be used incorrectly by people , you have failed because you have n't solved the important problem . )
( On a side note , I 'd expect a web of trust system to have even more problems with revocation than SSL currently does , since it would involve more signatures that are more widely distributed . )
This does n't mean that you need certificate authorities as they currently are ( that would be truly depressing ) , but it does mean that you need trust roots and networks of trust that are trustworthy enough that they can be configured into browsers and shipped off to people who do n't want to care about all of this .
My feeling is that each trust root will have to have a pretty flat trust hierarchy in order to stay trustworthy overall ; we 've already seen the practical problem with doing otherwise .
I have n't thought very much about how many trust roots there should be .
On the one hand , more trust roots should mean that less depends on any given trust root , which would make it easier ( in practice ) to revoke one when things go wrong .
On the other hand , the more trust roots you have the less you can inspect and monitor each individual one 's operations , so they can be sloppier before getting caught .
( The cynic would say that there is no real monitoring of CAs now ; all you have to do is pass an initial inspection and then you 're pretty much set . )
A tipster writes : " Okay WTF .
This is upstairs at Barnes and Noble Union Square , before the [ Neil deGrasse ]
Tyson reading .
It is MOBBED .
Who the hell is this dude ?
What gives ??? ? "
Good questions !
There are some inquires Wikipedia simply can't help you with .
In this case , it informs us that Tyson is an astrophysicist , director of Hayden Planetarium and repeat Colbert Report guest at the Museum of Natural History on the Upper West Side .
And he 's been on Colbert Report several times .
But still : What gives ?
A Colbert appearance hardly guarantees a packed house at a book reading ; just ask Jennifer 8 .
Lee .
Is there a cult of Tyson ?
Or are people just desperate for free ways to kill time these days ?
This sudden popular interest in both science and books , simultaneously , is disturbing and we 're determined to get to the bottom of it .
UPDATE : To rephrase Network , because he's on television , dummy .
We 're reliably informed by an actual science geek that Tyson appears regularly on Discovery Channel and the channel Science as a talking head and that he hosts Science Now ( a Nova spinoff ) on PBS .
In other words , Tyson might as well be an alien as far as much of the New York literati are concerned .
But you should study the man , if only to learn how to set off a chain reaction at B &N , dear poets .
UPDATE 2 : Andrew Krucoff blogged a video of Tyson describing how we might all be sucked into the sky toward our death , and tells us Tyson is coming to the 92nd street Y next month .
Artist 's Statement The Week Without a Computer was actually a few weeks ago now , but I had to wait for Inauguration to blow over before I could return to more mundane personal themes .
Perhaps you , too , have had to go without your computer and experienced the humiliation of realizing how pitifully dependent you have become on this one object .
It used to be , long ago , that you had a typewriter and a stereo and a TV / VCR and a daily paper and a set of encyclopedias and maybe a secret stash of Playboys .
Now all of these items are contained in one appliance , which is great as a space - saver but proves to be something of an Achilles ’ heel when that appliance busts .
Then the music stops , there are no more movies or TV episodes or videos of amateur milves , you ca n’t communicate with anyone , and you realize , now that the illusion of a life has been taken from you , that you are just a guy sitting in an empty silent room with a cat who hates you .
I am not what you 'd call a luddite -- I am writing this on Dreamweaver software myself -- but I did eschew email and cell phones , carrying on correspondence by U.S. Mail and using a rotary - dial phone , for much , much longer than any of my contemporaries .
I am reflexively wary of and resistant to new Crap We Do Not Need , for which most U.S. consumers seem so uncritically avid .
I also tend to think that technology is inevitably limited by its weakest link , its users .
As Douglas Adams liked to say of the Internet , " it 's just us . "
Long - time Pain fans may recall a series of cartoons in my earliest minicomics titled , " Another Miracle of Modern Technology . "
One of these , split into two panels , showed 1 . ) a stick - figure man stepping on the another stick - figure man 's foot , who said , " Hey " and 2 . ) the same stick - figure man now driving a complicated steam engine with a gigantic foot mounted on a pile - driver at the front , stomping on the second stick - figure man 's foot , who leapt , as best he could , into the air , screaming , " HEY ! " And there you pretty much have it .
Computers enable us to read messages from total strangers on the other side of the world telling us that we suck , to exchange thoughts and opinions with people we 'd avoid eye contact with at the bus stop , to see videos of fat kids falling down and stoic models trying not to flinch as some guy ejaculates into their eye .
The telepathic message I usually send to my friend Carolyn is that it is 2:37 , or that the number 237 has come up in some other way .
This number -- which is the number of the forbidden hotel room in the Overlook in Kubrick ’s film version of The Shining -- is an uncanny number that ’s haunted both Carolyn and myself ever since a road trip we took across the country a few years ago .
“ Mahalo ” is a Hawaiian word that she and I both know well from our years of habitual listening to the call - in radio show Loveline and which did in fact appear in the New York Times Saturday crossword some months ago .
Thanks to Sarah Glidden , who got “ I ’ve Got a Golden Ticket ” stuck in my head while we were trapped in a vast immobile crowd on Inauguration Day .
She attempted to replace it with the equally unwelcome “ O - ba - ma ” song sung by the inhabitants of Obama , Japan .
Panel # 3 : This is how it was in the old days .
Adam Carolla , formerly co-host of Loveline , would periodically launch into a diatribe about how The Kids Today Do n’t Know How Good They Have
It , porn - wise , which would inevitably culminate in his working himself into a towering apoplexy of self - pity over the story of how he was forced to masturbate to a photo of a girl in a swimsuit on the side of a cardboard box for an inflatable pool raft .
They were hard times .
That ’s the Venus of Willendorf , one of the earliest extant human artifacts .
In art history tests it is euphemistically referred to as a “ fertility figure . ” RE Panel # 4 : For the record , Boyd is totally correct .
I would like to state that I did not believe for one second that Danger : Diabolik was made by José Marins , a.k.a.
Joe Coffin , but someone had to be wrong , and I did want to include the amazing title This Night I Will Possess Your Corpse , and I was , believe it or not , coming up blank for dumb pop-cultural controversies .
Boyd and I just watched Danger : Diabolik , which I understand was the subject of MST3000 ’s last episode , but which is some sort of crazy apotheosis of 1960s Italian comic - book mod design that deserves to be enjoyed on its own batshit terms rather than hiply ridiculed .
It should be seen , if for nothing else , for Diabolik ’s gigantic circular rotating bed covered with money .
And for bombshell Marisa Mell , who plays Diabolik ’s faithful girlfriend / accomplice .
They are crazy in love .
Our donation button directly below .
Also , coming soon :
The Pain merchandise , including custom posters , T - shirts , and coffee mugs .
Requests and suggestions for featured designs are welcome .
A few notes in defense of libertarianism :
In response to the recent slew of articles posted to HN criticizing libertarianism , I have decided to jot down a few points that I think were overlooked .
First , George W. Bush and the Republican party are NOT libertarians .
Zed 's argument was essentially this , and it's about as logical as declaring that you 're going to write an essay about the flaws of vegetarianism and then proceeding to mention a bunch of bad things about pepperoni .
Republicans occasionally use some libertarian rhetoric , but they do not follow it at all .
George W. Bush has increased the size of government tremendously , and he 's intervened in international affairs and created all kinds of entangling alliances , etc .
Libertarians are also strongly opposed to the " family values " rhetoric used mostly by Republicans and by some democrats .
Libertarians have been opposed to nearly everything Dubya has done , from No Child Left Behind to the Iraq war to the Treasury 's bailout of wall street .
Before we continue , I 'd like to recommend two books for those curious about what libertarianism actually is -- Milton Friedman 's " Capitalism and Freedom " and David Boaz 's " Libertarianism : A Primer " .
Both articulate a lot of the philosophical and pragmatic aspects .
Of course , Atlas Shrugged is interesting for its presentation of a moral argument in favor of capitalism .
Notably , it is mainly a critique of crony capitalism , something I think most people would agree is quite different from what capitalism should be .
I 've found that many times , people stop at the superficial goal of a government program when determining how they feel about it .
Social Security is an example :
The idea of everyone paying 1 % and then being able to offer everyone basic financial security in old age is not controversial -- I 'd say most libertarians would consider it very low on the list of programs that ought to be changed .
However may people seem to stop with the program 's initial goal and forget about the trends -- increasing costs and increasing retirement age , and no guarantee that the congress ( and the public ) will support the necessary tax increases needed to keep benefits remotely the same .
So some consider the program " good " because it has a noble end , and others express scepticism because of the various deficiencies .
It 's worth noting that if we judged all programs by the nobility of the proposed end , there would be absolutely no reason to think any of them would be successful .
One argument I am quite sympathetic to is that with federalism we get " 50 experiments in democracy " to paraphrase the Federalist Papers .
Doing a program at the federal level is like using 1 Petri dish , and doing it at the state level is like having 50 ... which seems more scientific to you ?
I 'd like to see state legislatures , governors , etc. , challenged to come up with creative ways of solving the nation 's great problems ... this does n't really happen today .
Instead , both parties raise vast sums of money fighting over " wedge issues " that are extremely unlikely to change any time soon .
It would take a 2/3 majority to create any of the amendments that the parties promise / refuse , and that 's just not likely to happen the way congress is at present .
Federalism is a good example of a concept embraced by libertarians -- it respects the basic " engineering " that the legislative process actually is , and recognizes that the first solution may not be the best one .
I think it 's hard to read the Federalist papers without seeing the whole process as a massive engineering work in progress .
So it 's just good QA to have a lot of tests running simultaneously .
It 's probably not necessary to mention this , but libertarians are n't opposed to regulation , they just try to have a clear - headed view of the actual outcome regulation without getting attached to the stated goal of the regulation .
One study that was done by Regulation magazine ( affiliated with Cato ) showed how an EPA law about polution failed to account for how wind blows pollution between municipalities .
Anyone who cares about the planet would hope that environmental regulation be as effective as possible .
Cato was n't throwing stones at the idea behind the regulation , just the alpha version of it ( which was the first and only attempt , and current law ) .
Critics would claim that Cato 's critique proves that the institute opposes environmental regulation of all kinds , an assumption which could n't be further from the truth .
People respond to incentives , and every law or regulation creates winners and losers and sets in motion incentives that will have effects over time .
Libertarianism is about having a scientific view of this and not getting attached to the first attempt .
I see how this is possible when everything seems like it 's winner take all , which it is at the federal level , which is yet another reason why it would make more sense to focus on state laws as trial versions of important regulation , so that after a few years other states would modify their laws to include the best ideas of other states , not just on paper but the ideas that actually got the best results and lent themselves to the most effective enforcement .
I should add that libertarianism does try to maximize freedom , both social and economic .
People should be able to have adult sex lives free from government intervention -- anal sex , oral sex , gay sex , etc .
But they should also be free to engage in whatever they want to do economically -- buy some marijuana , take a job that pays $ 1 per hour , invest in risky stocks , etc .
Compared to libertarians , those in both parties are extremely paternalistic about some or all of these things .
Paternalism is the idea that someone sitting on high is in a better position to decide what you should be ALLOWED to do than you are .
Part of the allure of many politicians is , I think , the " Frodo Baggins " similarity -- an inexperienced yet pure of heart leader to vanquish evil and usher in drastic change .
Ironically both George W. Bush and Obama fit into this mold .
Libertarians are skeptical of this top - down wisdom and are hesitant to put too much power in the hands of one person .
I forget who said this , but " power corrupts .
Absolute power corrupts , absolutely " .
One question to ask is , if people had trusted George W. Bush less or if he'd had less power , would we have had a hugely expensive , wasteful , futile war ?
Bottom line : libertarianism is about economic and social freedom , an engineering approach to legislative problem solving , and a scientific assessment of the actual effects that regulations cause .
Ironically , libertarianism is painted as extreme when it 's actually the least dogmatic of the major political persuasions .
Note that you may have gotten quite irate at the mention of states deciding Roe v Wade , at the thought of discontinuing social security , etc .
If you did , it 's because you are reacting in a dogmatic , not a scientific way .
Libertarians have the courage ( and the philosophical obligation ) to continue to question reality at the expense of loyalty to the grand causes of either party .
I like to think that some of the things I write cause discomfort in those readers who deserve to feel it .
Ideally , they should squirm , they should flinch , they might even experience fleeting gastro - intestinal symptoms .
But I have always drawn the line at torture .
It may be unpleasant to read some of my writings , especially if they have been assigned by a professor , but it should not result in uncontrollable screaming , genital mutilation or significant blood loss .
With such stringent journalistic ethics in place , I was shocked to read online a Mail on Sunday article headed " Food writer 's online guide to building an H - bomb ... the ' evidence ' that put this man in Guantánamo . "
The " food writer " was identified as me , and the story began : " A British ' resident ' held at Guantánamo Bay was identified as a terrorist after confessing he had visited a ' joke ' website on how to build a nuclear weapon , it was revealed last night .
Binyam Mohamed , a former UK asylum seeker - who has in recent weeks become the subject of an ongoing political and judicial controversy in Britain - admitted to having read the ' instructions ' after allegedly being beaten , hung up by his wrists for a week and having a gun held to his head in a Pakistani jail . "
While I am not , and have never been , a " food writer " , other details about the " joke " rang true , such as the names of my co-authors , Peter Biskind and physicist Michio Kaku .
Rewind to 1979 , when Peter and I were working for a now - defunct leftwing magazine named Seven Days .
The government had just suppressed the publication of another magazine , the Progressive , for attempting to print an article called " The H - Bomb Secret " .
I do n't remember that article and the current editor of the Progressive recalls only that it contained a lot of physics and was " Greek to me " .
Both in solidarity with The Progressive and in defence of free speech , we at Seven Days decided to do a satirical article entitled " How to Make Your Own H - Bomb , " offering step - by - step instructions for assembling a bomb using equipment available in one 's own home .
The satire was not subtle .
After discussing the toxicity of plutonium , we advised that to avoid ingesting it orally , " Never make an A - bomb on an empty stomach " , and explained that the challenge of enriching uranium hexafluoride , which included the instruction : " Attach a six - foot rope to a bucket handle .
Now swing the rope ( and bucket ) around your head as fast as possible .
Keep this up for about 45 minutes .
Slow down gradually , and very gently put the bucket on the floor .
The U - 235 , which is lighter , will have risen to the top , where it can be skimmed off like cream . "
Our H - bomb cover story created a bit of a stir at the time , then vanished into the attics and garages of former Seven Days staffers , only to resurface , at least in part , on the internet in the early 2000s .
Today , you can find it quoted on the blog spot of a University of Dayton undergraduate , along with the flattering comment : " This forum post is priceless .
It is one of the best pieces of scientific satire I have ever seen .
I can only hope and pray that terrorist groups attempt to construct an atomic bomb using these instructions - if they survive the attempt , they 'll have at least wasted months of effort . "
Enter Binyam Mohamed , an Ethiopian refugee and legal resident of Britain who had found work as a janitor after drug problems derailed his college career .
According to his lawyer , Clive Stafford Smith , Mohamed travelled to Afghanistan in 2001 , attracted by the Taliban 's drug - free way of life .
War soon drove him out of Afghanistan and to Karachi , from where he sought to return to Britain .
But , as a refugee , he lacked a proper passport and was using a friend 's , which led to his apprehension at the airport .
Stafford Smith says the Pakistanis turned him over to the FBI , who were obsessed at the time with the possibility of an al - Qaida nuclear attack .
After repeated beatings and hanging by the wrists , Mohamed " confessed " to having read an online article on how to make an H - bomb , insisting to his interrogators that it was a " joke " .
But post - 9/11 America was an irony - free zone , and it 's still illegal to banter about bombs in the presence of airport security staff .
It 's not clear how the news of Mohamed 's H - bomb knowledge was conveyed to Washington - many documents remain classified or have not been released - but Stafford Smith speculates that the part about the H - bomb got through , although not the part about the joke .
The result , anyhow , was that Mohamed was thrust into a world of unending pain - tortured at the US prison in Baghram , rendered to Morocco for 18 months of further torture , including repeated cutting of his penis with a scalpel , and finally landing in Guantánamo for almost five years of more mundane abuse .
As if that were not enough for a satirist to have on her conscience , the US seems to have attributed Mohamed 's presumed nuclear ambitions to a second man , an American citizen named Jose Padilla , aka the " dirty bomber " .
The apparent evidence ?
Padilla had been scheduled to fly on the same flight out of Karachi that Mohamed had a ticket for , so obviously they must have been confederates .
Commenting on Padilla 's apprehension in 2002 , the Chicago Sun-Times editorialised : " We castigate ourselves for failing to grasp the reality of what [ the alleged terrorists ] are trying to do , but perhaps that is a good thing .
We should have difficulty staring evil in the face . "
I am not histrionic enough to imagine myself in any way responsible for the torments suffered by Mohamed and Padilla - at least no more responsible than any other American who failed to rise up in revolutionary anger against the Bush terror regime .
No , I 'm too busy seething over another irony : whenever I 've complained about my country 's torturings , renderings , detentions , etc , there 's always been some smug bastard ready to respond that these measures are what guarantee smart - alecky writers like myself our freedom of speech .
Well , we had a government so vicious and impenetrably stupid that it managed to take my freedom of speech and turn it into someone else 's living hell .
• Barbara Ehrenreich is the author of This Land Is Their Land : Reports from a Divided Nation
Ehrenreichbooks@gmail.com
John Kerry visits the destroyed American International School in northern Gaza
The Palestinian group Hamas has sent a letter addressed to the US president via a US politician visiting Gaza , a senior UN official has said .
UN relief agency chief Karen Abu Zayd told the BBC the letter had been received by the UN and passed on .
She did not say if Senator John Kerry had accepted it , and there were no details about the letter 's contents .
The US views Hamas , which seized control of Gaza in 2007 , as a terrorist organisation and will not deal with it .
A former presidential candidate , Mr Kerry was visiting Gaza with US congressmen Brian Baird and Keith Ellison in the first such visit to the Hamas - run Strip since 2007 .
The men are not likely to meet Hamas .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Correspondents say their visit appears to be more humanitarian than political .
As the head of the Senate Foreign Committee , Mr Kerry is a senior Democrat , but all three men are visiting Gaza in their capacity as lawmakers , not representatives of the administration of President Barack Obama .
A spokeswoman for the US consulate said it was thought to be the first visit by US congressmen for at least four years .
Mr Kerry also visited the Israeli town of Sderot , a target of Palestinian rocket attacks , before entering Gaza .
Standing in front of a pile of used rockets , Mr Kerry said that both he and President Obama believed that nobody should have to spend their lives in fear of attack .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I know that our president , President Obama , whom I support strongly , stood right here , " he said , referring to a visit before the 2008 US election .
" He was right here in front of these rockets .
He came to Sderot as I have because we feel very deeply that no - one should live under this kind of threat , no children should be raised in that kind of fear .
" We are sympathetic with the crisis that people face on a daily basis here in Israel , from those who choose no other path other than to use instruments of terror . "
Earlier he said : " [ The visit ] does not indicate any shift whatsoever with respect to Hamas ... what it indicates is our effort to listen and to learn . "
Hamas won elections in 2006 and consolidated control by force in 2007 .
Like Israel , the EU and the UN , the US government officials refuse to deal with the militant group .
In addition , there have been security concerns since Palestinian militants blew up an American diplomatic convoy in October 2003 , killing three people .
Mr Ellison , from Minnesota , was the first Muslim elected to the US Congress , while Mr Baird , a clinical psychologist , is from Washington .
Rockets fired
Their visit came as violent incidents tested the unilateral ceasefires Israel and Hamas have both declared , amid Egyptian - brokered attempts to reach a firmer truce deal .
Many Gazans have been made homeless by the fighting The Israeli military confirmed it was carrying out airstrikes in the Gaza Strip , but gave no further details .
This followed the launching of two rockets from Gaza into Israel on Thursday morning , after two mortars were fired the previous night .
The Israeli military said its forces had also crossed into Gaza and shot and lightly injured a Palestinian near the border fence , after the man 's behaviour raised suspicions he was attempting to plant a bomb .
About 1,300 Palestinians and 13 Israelis died during Israel 's three - week operation in January , which was aimed at halting Palestinian rocket fire into Israel .
Since Israel withdrew its forces from Gaza , sporadic rocket and mortar fire has continued , while Israel has carried out several airstrikes against smuggling tunnels in the south of Gaza , and what it says are militant facilities elsewhere in the territory .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
massata ndiaye 2603 gate house cincinnati ohio 45215
5.0
j need to represent alll produit for dollar only wholesale llc in senegal africa my contry j have a big shop j dont now how match morning you need for this busness ok fank you j am us resident my number is 513 364 2354 my english is not very good
September 26 , 2013 at 04:50 PM
Coronavirus Deaths Pass One Million Worldwide
Over the past 10 months , the virus has taken more lives than H.I.V. , malaria , influenza and cholera .
And as it sows destruction in daily life around the globe , it is still growing quickly .
I had reviewed Songbird close to two years back , and at that time Songbird was impressive but was bug ridden , lacked important features and certain degree of polishing which was expected from an application intended to be used on Desktops .
Songbird 1.0 is an entirely different story altogether , Songbird 1.0 is mature , has slick interface and most importantly is stable enough to be used by newbiess .
Here in this article I try reviewing some of the important features of Songbird .
Installing Songbird on Ubuntu
It is relatively simple to install Songbird on Ubuntu , open terminal window ( Application -> Accessories -> Terminal ) and issue the following command to install Songbird :
wget http://neacm.fe.up.pt/pub/getdeb/ubuntu/intrepid/so/songbird_1.0.0-0~getdeb1_i386.deb
and
sudo dpkg - i songbird_1.0.0-0~getdeb1_i386.deb
Or if you want you can download packages from here .
Songbird is cross-platform media player , and is available for Linux , Windows and Mac OS X owing to it being based on solid Mozilla XUL platform and Gecko Rendering engine .
XUL ( XUL — eXtensible user- interface language ) language allows one to create cross-platform Internet enabled feature rich applications .
Mozilla Firefox , arguably one of the most popular open source desktop application is also based on Mozilla XUL Platform .
Besides being based on Mozilla XUL , Songbird uses Cross Platform GStreamer framework to play media files .
Songbird supports a number of media formats , However on Linux media files support is limited ( lacing support for WMA files , AAC Files and DRM protected files ) and songbird supports Ogg Vorbis , FLAC and MP3 on Linux .
Songbird , notice Artist information at bottom of the Window
Songbird features a Simple and Sleek UI interface , which to some extent resembles interface of Apple iTunes .
There is uncanny resemblance between Mozilla Firefox and Songbird in terms of functionality , because both of them are based on same Mozilla XUL platform .
Like Mozilla Firefox you can open multiple tabs in Songbird , simultaneously browse Internet and manage music inside Songbird using tabs and add different addons / plugins by using add on manager similar to one in Mozilla Firefox .
I am playing FLAC Files and Browsing Internet Simultaneously inside Songbird
Like Mozilla Firefox which features a Google Search box at top right of the Window , Songbird features a music search box at the top left corner allowing you to search for a song / media in your local library or Internet if you are connected to the Internet .
Songbird 's interface is divided into number of different panes , which can be used for different things including adding plugins , managing playlist / library , controling playing of audio files etc .
By default Songbird comes with four Intelligent playlists , Highest Rated , Most Played , Recently added and Recently played .
Songbird can be easily extended adding more functionality by using addons and plugins which can be easily installed , By default Songbird comes with these plugin pre-installed :
mashTape Discover Flickr photos , YouTube videos , last .fm biographies , Google news ( and more ) for the currently playing artist .
Last.fm Scrobbling Integrated Last.fm support allows you to scrobble , love , and ban your tracks .
Concert Tickets
Discover upcoming shows in your area based on the artists in your library .
Event listings powered by Songkick .
SHOUTcast Radio Stream music using the integrated SHOUTcast Radio directory .
iPod Device support plug in is extremely useful if you own iPod , this plugin allows you to manage files on your iPod using Songbird , Though it allows you to manage only Audio files on your iPod .
I have 30 GB 5.5 G Video iPod and Songbird could play files stored on my iPod and display playlists in iPod , but i found Songbird to be little slow while accessing files on iPod .
Managing iPod using Songbird
Installing Feathers in Songbird .
Notice , this is similar to installing themes in Firefox
Songbird with Cartoon Theme :)
Songbird promises to be the Firefox of media players .
— Aaron Boodman , Greasemonkey
Such statements do n't look far fetched and with the kind of quantum leaps Songbird is taking , Songbird might just be the next Big Desktop Open Source application after Mozilla Firefox .
Article Written by : Ambuj Varshney ( blogambuj@gmail.com )
For Linux on Desktop Blog , http://linuxondesktop.blogspot.com
( C ) 2009 , Ambuj Varshney
Over the past two years Songbird has progressed from being a great piece of software in development to one that can compete with the best , can take head on likes of iTunes .
Though there is scope for improvement too , better integration with Online Music Services , making it more responsive when managing huge amount of files and video support are some of the areas Songbird team could work on .
Three accused in Obama revenge racist attacks Agence France - Presse
Published : Wednesday January 7 , 2009
Print This Email This NEW YORK ( AFP ) 
Three New Yorkers were charged Wednesday with a series of racist assaults meant as " retaliation " for the presidential election victory of Barack Obama , the Justice Department announced .
The three men -- two of them aged 18 and one 21 -- are charged with hate crime conspiracy and face up to 10 years in prison if found guilty .
Prosecutors accuse the trio of attacks against " African - Americans in retaliation for president - elect Barack Obama 's election victory " on November 4 , the Justice Department said .
Obama , whose father came from Kenya and whose mother was white , is the first African - American to win the presidency .
The Justice Department says the trio drove around late on election day , after Obama 's victory had been announced , in search of blacks .
One allegedly shouted " Obama ! " as they attacked a teenager with a metal pipe and police baton in Staten Island , south of Manhattan .
The next victim was an African - American whom they allegedly pushed to the ground .
They then " accosted a Latino man , demanding to know for whom he had voted . "
The final victim , prosecutors allege , was a man they " mistakenly believed to be African - American . "
One of the defendants " hit him with the car , causing the victim to be thrown onto the hood of the car and into the front windshield , shattering it .
Although the victim survived , he was in a coma for a period of time after the attack , " the Justice Department said .
Full press release by DOJ follows :
The Department of Justice announced today the unsealing of an indictment charging three Staten Island , N.Y. , men with conspiring to assault African - Americans in retaliation for President - Elect Barack Obama 's election victory .
Ralph Nicoletti and Michael Contreras , both 18 , and Brian Carranza , 21 , were arrested late Tuesday and are scheduled for arraignment today before U.S. Magistrate Judge Roanne L. Mann inBrooklyn .
As alleged in the indictment and other court filings , on the night of Nov. 4 , 2008 , shortly after learning of Barack Obama 's election victory , the group , along with a fourth friend , decided to find African - Americans to assault .
" It is shocking and sobering that allegations of racial violence continue in this day and age , " said Acting Assistant Attorney General Grace Chung Becker .
" The Justice Department takes these allegations very seriously and the Civil Rights Division , working with U.S. Attorneys Offices across the country , will continue to use federal laws to prosecute individuals who conspire to commit such acts of violence and intimidation . "
As cited in the indictment and other court filings , Nicoletti allegedly drove the other defendants to Park Hill , a predominantly African - American neighborhood in Staten Island , where they came upon a 17 - year - old African - American who was walking home after watching the election at a friend 's house .
One of the defendants yelled " Obama ! " as they passed the youth , and all four men then got out of the car and beat him , using a metal pipe and a collapsible police baton .
The young man , who managed to escape and run home , suffered injuries to his head and legs .
The group then found an African - American man in the Port Richmond section of Staten Island and assaulted him , pushing him to the ground .
The defendants also accosted a Latino man , demanding to know for whom he had voted , and later yelled profanities about Obama as they drove past an Election Night gathering of African - Americans at a hair salon .
The group 's final assault involved a man they mistakenly believed to be African - American , whom they spotted walking along Blackford Avenue in Port Richmond .
Nicoletti hit him with the car , causing the victim to be thrown onto the hood of the car and into the front windshield , shattering it .
Although the victim survived , he was in a coma for a period of time after the attack .
The charges announced today are merely allegations , and the defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty .
If convicted , each faces a sentence of up to 10 years in prison .
In addition to Becker , the charges were announced by Benton J. Campbell , United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , Mark J. Mershon , Assistant Director - in - Charge , Federal Bureau of Investigation , New York Field Office , and Raymond W. Kelly , Commissioner of the New York City Police Department .
" Violence and intimidation aimed at interfering with the constitutional rights of every citizen , including the right to vote , which is the bedrock of democracy , will not be tolerated , " stated United States Attorney Campbell .
" Such conduct is loathsome and despicable , and those who engage in it will be arrested and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law .
We are grateful for our partnership with the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division , Criminal Section , the FBI , and the New York City Police Department , which has been vital to the success of this joint investigation and prosecution . "
FBI Assistant Director - in - Charge Demarest stated , " The defendants , motivated by racial animus , committed violent assaults resulting in real , and in one case near - fatal , injuries .
But the Election Night assaults , coming on the day when we participate most directly in our democracy , were also an attack on the democratic process and an affront to everyone .
The FBI is committed to civil rights enforcement and policing hate crimes . "
NYPD Commissioner Kelly stated , " I want to commend the NYPD detectives and their federal partners who pursued this case , particularly NYPD Inspector Michael J. Osgood , who as Commanding Officer of the NYPD Hate Crime Task Force had the foresight to assign a special team on Election Night until 4 a .m. the next morning .
These officers were able to respond quickly to the bias attacks and begin an immediate investigation .
They located an eyewitness to one of the attacks , and their subsequent distribution of flyers in the Rosebank area of Staten Island over three days led to the first major break in the case .
History was made on Election Day .
We wanted to make sure those who tried to retaliate did not escape justice . "
The government 's case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Pamela K. Chen and Margo K. Brodie and Special Litigation Counsel Kristy Parker .
Old , unmanaged trees in the western US are dying twice as fast as they were 50 years ago ( Image : Jerry Franklin )
The majestic old trees of the western US are disappearing twice as fast as they were three decades ago , and climate change is most likely to blame , say scientists .
Philip van Mantgem of the US Geological Survey and colleagues collected data from 76 plots on the west coast – from California up to British Columbia , Canada – and in Idaho , Arizona and Colorado .
These are plots without any direct human management , so any tree loss is not due to logging .
The team focused on old forests , where many of the trees were at least 200 years old , and sometimes as much as 1000 years old .
In 87 % of the plots , trees are disappearing faster than new trees are springing up .
Death rates varied , but the trend held whether the trees were old or relatively young , big or small , high up in the mountains or down in valleys .
Advertisement
The Pacific Northwest , including the pine trees of British Columbia , were the worst affected – death rates there are doubling every 17 years .
Increased vulnerability
“ We may only be talking about an annual tree mortality changing from 1 % a year to 2 % a year , an extra tree here and there , ” says Mark Harmon , a forest ecologist at Oregon State University in Corvallis , who participated in the study .
“ But over time a lot of small numbers can add up . ”
For 100 trees , 1 % mortality per year means the plot would lose 40 trees in 50 years .
But 2 % mortality means the plot would lose 64 trees over the same time span .
“ The ultimate implications for our forests and environment are huge , ” says Harmon .
For instance , it puts forests at a greater risk of sudden and extensive die - backs , because of pest invasions or a spell of drought .
Beetles and fungi
The team believes the rise in average temperatures across the region is the main driver of things that are killing off the trees faster .
“ Warming can cause a lot of changes , ” says van Mantgem .
“ It could [ increase evaporation ] in these stands and effectively dry them out , and it could make things that chew on trees much happier – things like bark beetles and fungi . ”
Van Mantgem and colleagues also considered the possibility that other factors are responsible for the die - offs .
For instance , a popular theory is that human activities that aim to suppress forest fires ultimately increase tree mortality rates .
But the surveys showed that trees are dying faster now even on plots that have not burned for 200 years .
Mark Ashton , a forest ecologist at Yale University , says the findings are interesting but preliminary .
He adds that it is difficult to say if trees elsewhere are also dying faster because old , unmanaged forests are rarer on the east coast and in Europe .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1165000 , in press )
Oct. 13 , 2008  --
With Americans reeling from a global financial crisis , dozens of former Washington Mutual insiders have come forward to expose what they claim were calamitous executive decisions that led to the biggest bank failure in U.S. history .
These former WaMu employees , 89 of them who worked throughout the company and around the country , described a bank eager to profit from a housing boom and lending frenzy that seemed to have contributed to the credit crunch and housing bust now plaguing the economy .
Some of them spoke to ABC News , all of them are confidential witnesses in a recently filed shareholder class action lawsuit against WaMu .
In court documents , the insiders said the company 's risk managers , the " gatekeepers " who were supposed to protect the bank from taking undue risks , were ignored , marginalized and in some cases , fired .
At the same time , some of the bank 's lenders and underwriters who sold mortgages directly to home owners said they felt pressure to sell as many loans as possible and push risky but lucrative loans onto all borrowers , according to insiders who spoke to ABC News .
And this is " only the tip of the iceberg , " a former high - level executive claimed in the lawsuit .
A company representative told ABC News that Washington Mutual Inc. would not comment for this story .
Former Risk Manager : WaMu ' Took the Brakes Off the Car '
Dale George , a former WaMu senior risk manager who spoke exclusively to ABC News , explained that risk managers are like the brakes on a car .
WaMu executives " took the brakes off and drove over a cliff , " he said .
George described how he said senior management willfully ignored warnings from its own " gatekeeper , " the bank 's risk management group .
He and other company insiders claimed that risk managers were brushed aside while the business units adopted a strategy of dangerous and reckless lending that eventually took down the company .
George , an MBA with three decades of experience in banking and risk management , said that the WaMu he joined in 2003 , " was all about good old - fashioned banking . "
He described a company with a rigorous risk management program and sensible loan production .
It was a bank he said he was proud to work at .
But as the housing bubble swelled and high - risk mortgage lending became more lucrative , the bank changed , according to George .
WaMu began approving as many loans as it could .
" Everything was refocused on loan volume , loan volume , loan volume , " he told ABC News .
And to further boost profit , WaMu increased its share of higher - risk subprime and option adjustable rate loans , known as " option arms , " said George .
These loans offer low introductory rates and let borrowers defer interest payments , but can strap them with significantly higher interest rates and payments in the future .
George said WaMu was competing with subprime giant Countrywide , which also imploded .
" They were in a neck - and - neck race . " and " both went off the cliff together , one after the other , " he said .
This high - risk , high - return game turned a century - old traditional bank that made steady but modest returns into " just an arm of Wall Street , " said George .
WaMu executives knew of these risks but chose to ignore them , according to statements by former WaMu insiders cited in the lawsuit .
In a September 2005 confidential " Corporate Risk Oversight Report " obtained exclusively by ABC News , WaMu 's own risk management team found that the future performance of popular loans like Option Arms was " untested " and created " major and growing risk factors in our portfolio . "
This document shows that the top WaMu executives " were on notice that their own risk management systems had no ability to even measure , let alone control , the extraordinary risks that they were taking , " according to Chad Johnson from Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann LLP , attorneys for the plaintiff shareholders .
But rather than heeding this warning , George said risk managers were told to " lay off . "
In an October 31 , 2005 e-mail also obtained by ABC News , one WaMu executive told risk managers about a " cultural change " at the bank , and urged them to " lead the charge in modifying the perception of compliance and risk oversight from a regulatory burden to a competitive advantage . "
George said this had a chilling effect :
It told risk managers that they " could not raise meaningful issues " and " really had to sweep negative findings under the carpet . "
George told ABC
News that he refused to sweep away his findings .
He claimed " there were a number of instances where I was pressured to fix a certain rating or upgrade the rating . "
In one case , he said he refused to improve the risk rating on a $ 50 million commercial loan , an improvement that would have allowed the bank to significantly increase the loan .
For that , he said he was taken off the project , reprimanded by senior management , and eventually fired when he raised his concerns to top executives .
WaMu denied any wrongdoing and said the firing was n't retaliatory .
To those wondering why no one saw the risks , George responded : " We did .
...
WaMu had all these great , experienced risk managers around .
But they were ignored . "
Pressure to ' Sell , Sell , Sell , ' Said Former WaMu Lenders
With no gatekeeper , former WaMu lenders and underwriters described the companywide loan approval process as " very scary . "
They claimed there was an " abandonment of basic tenants of underwriting and risk " and said loans were made to anyone , because " once you get paid , you do n't care what happens , " according to legal documents .
" It was all about sell , sell , sell , " according to a former WaMu lender identified only as Confidential Witness 7 .
Dorothea Larkin , a former WaMu senior underwriter , told ABC News that she was uncomfortable with what she said were loose lending standards .
" It was all about making the numbers , closing all the loans that came through the door , " she said -- loans like higher risk option arms and subprime .
WaMu 's underwriters were told not to question whether or not a home loan should have been approved , but just to ensure certain lending procedures were followed , according to Larkin .
She called this hands - off underwriting approach " unusual . "
Larkin described a bank eager to loan money at any long - term cost .
For example , she said WaMu lent millions to a borrower even after he defaulted on a multimillion dollar home construction project .
" We just kept giving him money , " she said , " and I 'm sure that 's one of the foreclosures WaMu is still sitting on . "
Larkin blamed senior management , and like George , claimed that she and many others saw it coming .
" The executives are the ones who made the decision to take WaMu in this direction , " she said .
" Too many of the middle folks like myself said this is wrong , we 're making loans we should n't be making , we 're qualifying borrowers who we know are going to struggle to pay the loan back . "
Undated internal documents obtained by the shareholders ' lawyers suggest that to increase profits , WaMu pushed risky loans on just about anyone , even borrowers likely to default .
In a WaMu Option Arm presentation titled " Washington Mutual Option ARM :
At last a mortgage that puts your clients in control of their monthly payments , " the company described the " Arm Borrower " as being " All Ages , " " Any Social Status , " and " All Economic Levels . "
Johnson said this shows a bank " trying to shove this extraordinarily risky mortgage on everyone out there . "
Investors Lose All , Accuse Company of Lying
While just a year ago , WaMu stock traded at about $ 36 a share , it 's now essentially worthless .
Angry investors now taking WaMu to court claim they were lied to .
" WaMu was saying , consistently , up to the end , that they were conservative , prudent , rigorous , " said Johnson .
But in reality " it was run in a way that was irresponsible , reckless , dangerous , " he contended .
The bulk of WaMu investors are pension funds , " funds that were looking out for firemen , for teachers , for nurses , for policemen alike , " claimed Johnson .
ABC News ' Arash Ghadishah and Beth Tribolet contributed to this report .
In London , a Lehman Brothers dealer wiped £ 30 billion off the stock exchange in May 2001 when he ordered share sales in BP and AstraZeneca that were 100 times larger than intended .
Another defunct bank , Bear Stearns , was blamed for a 100 - point drop in the Dow Jones when he entered a $ 4 billion sell order instead of $ 4 million in 2002 .
2008 was the wonderful year for the bloggers like me .
This year , we have too much competition to come up with more great contents every day on different blogs .
This is because we have lots of quality posts done by various blogs .
Today , we are covering few of the exclusive posts that covered top of the collection in 2008 for useful resources like inspirations , freebies , tools , tutorials , etc .
This collection is specially for designers but not only for designers and I hope everybody of you will enjoy this .
You are welcome to share if you know more best of the web in the month of December which our readers / viewers may like .
Â
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
50 Most Beautiful Icon Sets Created in 2008
The 10 Prettiest Web Designs of 2008
Blog trends of 2008
33 Exceptional Logo Re branding
In 2008 For Your Inspiration
Looking Back On 2008 With Top Web Designers
30 Best Illustrator Tutorials & Articles of 2008
60 Great Abduzeedo Articles from 2008
5 Inspiring Web Design Conference Speeches you Shouldnâ€™t Have Missed in 2008
2008 Design Trends
The Top 30 Photoshop Text Effects Tutorials of 2008 – Which is the Best ? Â
Products of 2008
Best & Worst 2008 Â
50 Brilliant Design Articles of 2008 in 23 Categories + 40 Reader Submitted Posts
Top 75 Best Design Resources Of 2008
Most beautiful websites of 2008
Awesome Business Card Designs of 2008
25 fantastic design articles from 2008
Smashing Highlights 2008
2008 Most Popular Design posts , Tutorials and Resources
Top 100 Web Designs in 2008
A Look At Some Of The Best iPhone Apps Of 2008
Top 50 Best Looking Blog Designs of 2008
KOHD is Central Oregon ’s ABC , America ’s # 1 network for entertainment .
Find KOHD on channel 18.1 over the air ( antenna ) , 9 and 609 HD on BendBroadband .
Also on Dish and DirecTV in the Bend Area .
Central Oregon Daily
News airs at :
Weeknights : 5 p.m. and 11 p.m .
Saturday : 11 p.m .
Sunday : 9 a.m. and 11 p.m .
Local News is Available in Jefferson and Crook Counties : Subscribers of BendBroadband ( formerly Crestview Cable ) in Madras , Crooked River Ranch , Prineville , Culver and Metolius are able to watch local news on COTV 11/111 HD .
Watch Central Oregon Daily News , available at the following times :
Weekdays :
12-12:30 p.m.
5:00 p.m. – Live
5:30 p.m. – Live
6:00 p.m. – Live
6:30 p.m. – Live
7:00 p.m .
7:30 p.m .
11-11:35 p.m. – Live
6 p.m. , 11 p.m. Saturday
9 a.m. , 6 p.m. , 11 p.m. Sunday
Click here for the ABC TV Show Schedule .
Whole Foods is selling plastic tubs of frozen chili concocted by Frank X. Tolbert , Jr. who also goes by the name , X squared .
It 's made out of ground beef instead of beef chunks and it's a little short on salt for my tastes , but otherwise it 's a decent bowl of red .
There are no beans in it , of course .
Frank the second used to make the chili at the family chili parlor in Dallas .
His dad , newspaperman Frank X. Tolbert , wrote the book on Texas chili .
And as you might imagine , the book and the chili were ridiculed by non-believers in New York .
When A Bowl of Red was first published in 1966 , the classic Texas chili it described was dubbed " a bowl of slop " by New York critic H. Allen Smith .
Smith , who was raised in the Midwest , wrote an article in Holiday magazine titled " No One Knows More About Chili Than I Do . "
The first chili competition in Terlingua , Texas was a cook - off between Frank X. Tolbert and H. Allen Smith .
The contest was declared a tie by the mayor of Terlingua who liked all the tourists it brought to town .
The mayor cleverly proposed that Tolbert and Allen meet again the following year to break the tie .
Thus the chili cook - off tradition was born .
As the Southwest Review noted , " Tolbert 's classic history of chili ... and his famous chili cook - offs in tiny Terlingua , Texas ... created a worldwide subculture devoted to this noble dish . "
In the 1970s and 1980s , the chili cook - offs rose in popularity and divided into several circuits , each with thousands of participants .
But by the 1990s , they had devolved into redneck beer busts with little attention to culinary details and a whole lot of fart jokes .
In an interview , X Squared told me he brought out his frozen chili because he thought that the time was right for serious food lovers to consider chili anew .
I hope he is right .
But , of course , anytime you talk about Texas chili , you get into the same old arguments with all those people around the country that know more about chili than we do .
And you have to explain why Texans are so offended by beans in the chili .
Texans love chili and they love beans .
If you want to make a one - pot meal with ground meat , canned tomatoes and kidney beans and call it chili , I , for one , will be glad to eat a big bowl .
The thing is adding beans to the chili pot is like adding spaghetti to a pot of Italian red sauce with meatballs .
You can do it -- but it 's a lot smarter to make a big pot of red sauce and meatballs , put some of the sauce on the spaghetti , put some more on a meat ball sandwich the next day and then make lasagna with the leftovers .
It 's the same with Texas chili .
The French make mother sauces like béchamel and then add ingredients to create individual dishes .
It 's the same idea with chili .
Texas chili does n't have beans in it because it is the Tex - Mex mother sauce .
As I explained in Temples of Tex - Mex , early Tex - Mex restaurants were essentially short order cafés where every dish started with chili con carne .
Next week , I 'll share some recipes that might explain how cooking with chili became such an important part of Texas foodways .
Maybe then we can give the bean thing a rest for a while .
-- Robb Walsh
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
Orem police arrested five men on charges of growing marijuana in the basement of a home , not far from an elementary school .
It happened at 1155 S. 200 West on Tuesday around 10 p.m .
Someone called police to report a strong odor of marijuana .
Officers arrived and confirmed the smell but could n't get anyone to answer the door , so they filed for a search warrant .
In the meantime , those inside the house went to work to destroy the evidence , at least what they could fit down the toilet .
When officers got the search warrant and went inside , they could n't find any marijuana but did recover drug paraphernalia , as well as several other items used for indoor growing .
Lt. Doug Edwards , with the Orem Department of Public Safety , said , " They did find evidence of quite a large grow operation , but all of what was growing or had been growing had been flushed down the toilet , so we do n't know exactly how big it was , how many plants it was , they had destroyed , but there certainly was evidence they had gotten rid of it in a hurry . "
Officers seized all of the evidence and believe they will still have a strong case against the men for cultivating marijuana , even though the pot is gone .
Mitchell Johnson , 20 , Alexander Cordner , 22 , Chad Hohrein , 22 , Benjamin Hoffman , 20 , and Nathan Swena , 23 , were arrested on charges of cultivating marijuana , possession with intent to distribute , possession of paraphernalia -- charges all enhanced because it was close to Westmore Elementary , which is a drug - free zone .
All of the men also face charges of obstructing justice , for getting rid of the marijuana .
E-mail : spenrod@ksl.com
×
Here ’s an update on our earlier post about genetic programming .
Altered Qualia has posted a new implementation of [ Ron Alsing ] ’s idea .
It starts with 50 polygons and then randomly changes one parameter with each optimization step .
If the the change results in fewer differences from the target image , it ’s kept as the new best DNA .
This search method is similar to simulated annealing .
The image above is the result of 1500 good mutations out of 35900 possible .
The implementation lets you choose any image , but smaller means the fitness calculation is faster .
It ’s written in JavaScript using the < canvas > environment .
You ’ll definitely get better performance using newer browser builds .
[ Original image by R Stevens ]
[ via Waxy ]
Contract numbers include the initials GOSS , thought to be government of South Sudan .
Enlarge Image
The BBC has seen evidence suggesting that the Ukrainian ship being held by pirates off Somalia is carrying weapons and tanks destined for South Sudan .
A copy of the freight manifest appears to show contracts were made by Kenya on behalf of South Sudan 's government .
Kenya has repeatedly said the weapons on board the MV Faina are for its army .
A South Sudanese official said South Sudan had nothing to do with the tanks .
The MV Faina is currently surrounded by warships monitoring the situation .
Last week , the Somali government said the ship 's owners were involved in direct negotiations with the pirates , who are demanding a $ 20 m ( £ 11 m ) ransom .
' Diplomatic embarrassment '
A copy of the MV Faina 's manifest given to the BBC appears to confirm that the contract was issued on behalf of South Sudan , although the Kenyan defence ministry is named as the consignee .
Contract numbers for tanks , rocket - propelled grenade launchers and anti-aircraft guns contain the initials GOSS , which military sources tell the BBC is a reference to the Government Of South Sudan .
Kenya could be seen as playing the same role as Cuba did during the Angolan civil war
Helmoed Heitman
Jane 's Defence Weekly
Pirates reveal precarious peace Tanks ' were for Sudan arms race ' Somalia : Special report
This is an acronym commonly used in Sudan .
But Francis Nazario , head of South Sudan 's mission in Brussels , said he had seen the manifest and it did not prove anything .
" What I know is that we have nothing at all to do with the content of this ship , and the ship was not heading for South Sudan , " he told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme .
" I think if there was anything like that we would not hide it because constitutionally we have the right to do so , to bring arms from anywhere . "
The Kenyan government has not yet commented on the document but it has been presented to the defence and foreign relations committee of Kenya 's parliament .
Kenya has repeatedly insisted that the shipment was part of a programme to restock its military .
The BBC's Karen Allen in Nairobi says that this will be a huge embarrassment to the Kenyan government .
Although the import of military hardware is not illegal , it does put Kenya in a tight spot diplomatically , our correspondent says , not least because it was Kenya which helped broker an end to the civil war between South Sudan and the government in Khartoum in 2005 .
Meanwhile , a Kenyan court has granted bail to Andrew Mwangura , a spokesman for the Kenyan chapter of the Seafarers Assistance Programme , who had been arrested after he said the tanks were bound for South Sudan .
Mr Mwangura was charged with making alarming statements and illegal possession of marijuana .
However , he has not yet raised the 200,000 shillings , ( $ 2,700 ) and so he is still in custody .
The MV Faina is currently moored off the coast of Somalia , close to the town of Hobyo .
There have been conflicting reports about where its cargo was destined for since it was captured two weeks ago .
Military balance Last week , Western military experts told the BBC that the tanks on board the MV Faina were going to Sudan and that the shipment indicated an arms race between North and South Sudan had begun .
The pirates want a $ 20 m ransom for the MV Faina and its valuable cargo
They are reported to both be building up their forces ahead of a referendum on independence for the South in 2011 .
The military experts , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said a previous delivery of tanks had taken place last November .
Helmoed Heitman , Africa correspondent for Jane 's Defence Weekly , also said he had reports that more than 100 T - 72 and T - 55 Russian tanks have been received by the southern Sudanese in recent months .
" If these reports are true , they could change the regional military balance , " he told the BBC .
" Kenya could be seen as playing the same role as Cuba did during the Angolan civil war - when they armed the MPLA . "
The experts said the tanks would most likely be dug in along Sudan 's north - south border , with the tanks using their guns to protect military installations .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
When recently playing through Chrono Trigger for the 4th time ( this time on the Nintendo DS ) , I was presented with a difficult in - game choice .
( For role - playing game fans , I ’ll say that I was presented with the choice at North Cape and leave it as that . )
A quick online search to discover the consequences of each possible choice led me to the final in a series of articles exploring the subtext of one of the greatest video games of all time .
I ’ve compiled the following list of links for my own convenience , but I also hope they might inspire more people to give K. Newton ’s thoughtful articles a read .
" The government should create , issue , and circulate all the currency
and credits needed to satisfy the spending power of the government and
the buying power of consumers .
By adoption of these principles , the
taxpayers will be saved immense sums of interest .
Money will cease to
be master and become the servant of humanity . "
I do n’t know yet .
But news reports this morning certainly raise questions .
Let ’s lay out the basics here .
Other things equal , public investment is a much better way to provide economic stimulus than tax cuts , for two reasons .
First , if the government spends money , that money is spent , helping support demand , whereas tax cuts may be largely saved .
So public investment offers more bang for the buck .
Second , public investment leaves something of value behind when the stimulus is over .
That said , there ’s a problem with a public - investment - only stimulus plan , namely timing .
We need stimulus fast , and there ’s a limited supply of “ shovel - ready ” projects that can be started soon enough to deliver an economic boost any time soon .
You can bulk up stimulus through other forms of spending , mainly aid to Americans in distress — unemployment benefits , food stamps , etc. .
And you can also provide aid to state and local governments so that they do n’t have to cut spending — avoiding anti-stimulus is a fast way to achieve net stimulus .
But everything I ’ve heard says that even with all these things it ’s hard to come up with enough spending to provide all the aid the economy needs in 2009 .
What this says is that there ’s a reasonable economic case for including a significant amount of tax cuts in the package , mainly in year one .
But the numbers being reported — 40 percent of the whole , two - year plan — sound high .
And all the news reports say that the high tax - cut share is intended to assuage Republicans ; what this presumably means is that this was the message the off - the - record Obamanauts were told to convey .
And that ’s bad news .
Look , Republicans are not going to come on board .
Make 40 % of the package tax cuts , they ’ll demand 100 % .
Then they ’ll start the thing about how you ca n’t cut taxes on people who do n’t pay taxes ( with only income taxes counting , of course ) and demand that the plan focus on the affluent .
Then they ’ll demand cuts in corporate taxes .
And Mitch McConnell is already saying that state and local governments should get loans , not aid — which would undermine that part of the plan , too .
OK , maybe this is just a head fake from the Obama people — they think they can win the PR battle by making bipartisan noises , then accusing the GOP of being obstructionist .
But I ’m really worried that they ’re sending off signals of weakness right from the beginning , and that they ’re just going to embolden the opposition .
Like Barney Frank , I ’m feeling a bit of post - partisan depression .
Updates :
A few more details are emerging : $ 140 billion for Obama ’s tax break for workers , which gives most workers $ 500 .
But it sounds as if the rest is mainly , perhaps almost entirely , tax cuts for business .
Not very New Dealish .
Meanwhile , Mitch McConnell , perhaps sensing weakness , is already moving the goalposts .
I listened today to Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s presidential inaugural speech .
No , not the famous one given in 1933 , in which he assured Americans that they had nothing to fear but fear itself , but the one he gave in 1941 , as he began his third term as president .
It ’s a good speech , as such speeches go .
Roosevelt ’s voice was strong , he articulated his words clearly , and he spoke with suitable emphasis and emotion at the right places .
He was obviously not yet the frail , dying man he would be when he gave his next inaugural speech in 1945 .
The speech , which I had never heard before today , struck me in several regards .
The president took a couple of swipes at the rich , and he posed as a friend of the little guy — standard rhetorical tactics throughout his presidencies .
His principal thrust , however , was to represent the country as standing in grave danger from foreign foes , and to suggest without saying so explicitly that going to war against those foes was imperative if the nation were to survive with its traditional “ spirit ” of liberty and democracy intact .
Although for the most part he framed his attacks on the “ isolationists ” by innuendo , rather than by frontal assault , he left little doubt that he was battling for the “ soul ” of the nation by contending that unless the United States threw its full weight against the unnamed foreign enemies , “ democracy ” was all but doomed in the entire world .
Most of all , however , I was struck by the great amount of sheer mystical collectivism that pervades the speech .
Of course , politicians tend to speak in such terms in their public addresses — elevated balderdash is their stock in trade , as a means of concealing the hard realities of their proposals and actions .
This speech , however , contains an exceptional amount of “ spiritual ” talk , and I found myself concluding repeatedly that the president ’s declarations , notwithstanding their noble ring , lacked all content : he was referring to things that have no observable referents .
Many of his statements were entirely symbolical , wholly without substance .
I was reminded of the “ mystic cords of memory , stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land , ” of which Abraham Lincoln spoke in his first presidential inaugural address .
Though Roosevelt ’s language did not pack the poetic punch that Lincoln ’s did , he sought to touch the same primitive emotions and collective loyalties , drawing the obstreperous and miscreant sheep together into the same “ national ” fold .
He referred more than once to Lincoln .
One of my favorite books is F. G. Bailey ’s unjustly neglected masterpiece Humbuggery and Manipulation : The Art of Leadership ( 1988 ) .
Bailey succeeds better than any writer I know in establishing how political leaders , who are essentially gangsters writ large , gain the people ’s submission .
The followers , he writes
are cajoled into devotion by the leader ’s pretended concern or admiration for them or for some cause in which they believe , by a pretense of virtue ; it is mostly humbuggery .
. . .
[ T ]he role of leader requires performances in defiance of truth , ranging from the mild and on the whole inoffensive metaphorical exaggerations . . . to actions that are carefully written out of autobiographies because they are shamefully dishonest or even criminal .
Listening to Roosevelt ’s 1941 inaugural speech , I could not help but think of Bailey ’s analysis , in which he also wrote :
Leaders are not the virtuous people they claim to be ; they put politics before statesmanship ; they distort facts and oversimplify issues ; they promise what no one could deliver ; and they are liars .
. . .
[ However , and this point is central , ] leaders , if they are to be effective , have no choice in the matter .
They could not be virtuous ( in the sense of morally excellent ) and be leaders at the same time .
Think of these words , if you happen to listen to another presidential inaugural speech in the next few days .
A coronal mass ejection ( CME ) on Jan. 17 saturated the camera on the orbiting SOHO spacecraft .
The Sun itself is blocked out by the device so the area around it can be imaged .
The sun works on a pretty well known 11 - year cycle of activity , all measured by sunspots and solar flares .
But like the stock market , the sunspot cycle is unpredictable .
And just when astronomers thought it had hit bottom , it went lower .
It has been a bear market for sunspots for many months now .
That also means there have been no major space storms , which can zap satellites and threaten power grids on Earth .
There were no sunspots observed on 266 days during 2008 , or 73 percent of the time .
The last year things were quieter was 1913 , which had 311 spotless days .
Some observers figured the solar cycle had hit bottom in 2008 .
But the sunspot recession is not over .
Sunspot counts for 2009 have dropped even lower , the space agency announced today .
As of March 31 , there were no sunspots on 78 of the year 's 90 days ( 87 percent ) .
" This is the quietest sun we 've seen in almost a century , " said sunspot expert David Hathaway of the Marshall Space Flight Center .
Why it matters
It matters because scientists would like to be able to predict when things will pick up , and when the next " solar maximum " will occur .
At peak activity , tentatively expected in three or four years , more and more powerful solar storms up the odds of a satellite failure or a power grid malfunction .
Solar storms pack charged particles that slam into our atmosphere and , when they penetrate , can cause a cascade of failures in satellites and power systems .
A recent report by National Academy of Sciences concluded that a major storm during the next peak could cripple power grids and other communications systems and could be catastrophic , with effects leading to a potential loss of governmental control of the situation .
Other records set in 2008 :
A 50 - year low in solar wind pressure : Measurements by the Ulysses spacecraft reveal a 20 percent drop in solar wind pressure since the mid-1990s -- the lowest point since such measurements began in the 1960s .
The solar wind helps keep galactic cosmic rays out of the inner solar system .
With the solar wind flagging , more cosmic rays are permitted to enter , resulting in increased health hazards for astronauts .
Weaker solar wind also means fewer geomagnetic storms and auroras on Earth .
A 55 - year low in solar radio emissions that might -- or might not -- indicate weakness in the sun 's global magnetic field .
A 12 - year low in solar irradiance : Several NASA spacecraft find the sun 's brightness has dropped by 0.02 % percent at visible wavelengths and a whopping 6 percent at extreme UV wavelengths since the solar minimum of 1996 .
These changes are not enough to reverse the course of global warming , the agency stated , but there are some other , noticeable side - effects : Earth 's upper atmosphere is heated less by the sun and it is therefore less " puffed up . "
Satellites in low Earth orbit experience less atmospheric drag , extending their operational lifetimes .
Unfortunately , dangerous space junk also remains longer in Earth orbit , increasing hazards to spacecraft and satellites .
" We 're experiencing a very deep solar minimum , " said solar physicist Dean Pesnell of the Goddard Space Flight Center .
What 's up ?
All these lows have sparked a debate about whether the ongoing minimum is " weird " , " extreme " or just an overdue " market correction " following a string of unusually intense solar maxima .
" Since the Space Age began in the 1950s , solar activity has been generally high , " notes Hathaway .
" Five of the ten most intense solar cycles on record have occurred in the last 50 years .
We 're just not used to this kind of deep calm . "
Deep calm was fairly common a hundred years ago .
The solar minima of 1901 and 1913 , for instance , were even longer than the one we 're experiencing now .
To match those minima in terms of depth and longevity , the current minimum will have to last at least another year .
Pesnell believes sunspot counts will pick up again soon , " possibly by the end of the year , " to be followed by a solar maximum of below - average intensity in 2012 or 2013 .
Obama Withdraws Support for Marijuana Decriminalization
First Barack Obama was for decriminalization of marijuana .
Then he was against it .
Then he said he was for it , explaining he raised his hand by mistake at a debate .
Now he 's clear : he opposes decriminalization of marijuana .
What accounts for this latest switch ?
His campaign says he did n't understand what decriminalization meant .
A spokesman for Obama ’s campaign blamed confusion over the meaning of decriminalization for the inconsistencies , and said that while Obama does not support decriminalization , " we are sending far too many first - time , nonviolent drug users to prison for very long periods of time , and that we should rethink those laws . "
More on Obama and his limited progressive crime positions here .
The Government is advertising for a new position to lead " digital engagement " with the public .
The position advertised offers the prospect of earning between £ 81,600 and £ 160,000 per year and reports directly to the minister for digital engagement , Tom Watson , and the permanent secretary for government communications , Matt Tee .
The right candidate would have the responsibility to " develop a strategy and implementation plan for extending digital engagement across Government " within six months of joining .
The job ad reads : " In recognition of the huge increase in the use of the internet , digital communities and social media , the Cabinet Office seeks to appoint a highly credible digital communicator to be Director of Digital Engagement across Government .
The post would work across Government departments to encourage the adoption of social networking tools such as Facebook , Twitter and " challenge them in moving from communicating to citizens on the web to conversing and collaborating with them through digital technology " .
The advertisement states the director would : " have a small budget , but two key purposes of the job are to assist Government in making effective use of current digital spend , which runs into many millions , and to enable departments to save significant sums on their engagement activities through complementing traditional face - to - face and postal methods with cheaper digital techniques . "
But Tories condemned the new position and stated salary as a " grotesque waste of public money " .
MacVideo Focus Group
We are trying to improve the focus of MacVideo and to understand our readership a little better .
We would like to speak to some video professionals , especially the techies among you , to get your views of the industry .
We will pay £ 50 for participation in our focus group .
Click here to volunteer to participate .
Follow Macworld UK on twitter : www.twitter.com/macworlduk
Obama respects Emanuel ’s knowledge of Washington , including the legislative process , and his reputation for getting things done .
Obama wants Emanuel for chief of staff
In his first major move as president - elect , Barack Obama has asked Rep. Rahm Emanuel ( D - Ill. ) , a tough - minded tactician with West Wing experience , to serve as his White House chief of staff , Democratic sources tell Politico .
Emanuel has said to friends that he wants and will take the job , but it was not a done deal as of early this morning .
Obama plans to move swiftly with his transition announcement and could name Emanuel this week , the sources said .
He then plans rapid - fire announcements on his economic and national security teams .
Advertisement
If Emanuel — a member of the House Democratic leadership with ambitions to one day to be House speaker — were to turn it down , former Sen .
Tom Daschle ( D - S.D. ) would likely get the nod , the sources said .
Some Democrats have warned that Emanuel ’s take - no - prisoners style could hurt Obama .
But the president - elect wants to move fast to push his legislative agenda through the Democratic - controlled Congress — and Emanuel knows the Hill and power politics as well as anyone in town .
“ Obama wants a bad cop , so he can be good cop 90 percent of the time , ” an adviser said .
Emanuel , who at 49 is two years older than Obama , is the Democratic Caucus chairman , the fourth - highest - ranking member of the House Democratic leadership .
Emanuel was known for his hard - nosed tactics as a senior adviser to President Bill Clinton .
After leaving the White House , he returned to Chicago as an investment bank managing director .
Friends of both men say that Obama likes Emanuel , and that Emanuel would be totally loyal .
And Obama respects Emanuel ’s knowledge of Washington , including the legislative process , and his reputation for getting things done .
Emanuel 's first big assignment in Clinton 's White House was helping pass the North American Free Trade Agreement , which riled many Democrats .
He was a consistent voice for anti-crime measures , welfare reform and other initiatives that pushed against liberal orthodoxy .
In his personal views , he 's a centrist , and despite a combative political style , he has good relations with many congressional Republicans , such as Rep. Adam Putnam ( R - Fla . ) .
SHANGHAI  China announced a huge economic stimulus plan on Sunday aimed at bolstering its weakening economy , a sweeping move that could also help fight the effects of the global slowdown .
At a time when major infrastructure projects are being put off around the world , China said it would spend an estimated $ 586 billion over the next two years  roughly 7 percent of its gross domestic product each year  to construct new railways , subways and airports and to rebuild communities devastated by an earthquake in the southwest in May .
The package , announced Sunday evening by the State Council , or cabinet , is the largest economic stimulus effort ever undertaken by the Chinese government .
“ Over the past two months , the global financial crisis has been intensifying daily , ” the State Council said in a statement .
“ In expanding investment , we must be fast and heavy - handed . ”
Keeping kids entertained can be a job all on its own .
So , we are always looking for budget - friendly ways to keep the kids and the whole family entertained .
This is where family game night comes into play .
But , when it comes to a budget - friendly game night , the biggest question is where to begin ?
A big part of choosing the right family game for us is the price .
But the second biggest thing is choosing a game that will keep everyone entertained .
Since we have children ranging from 8 – 15 , that can be difficult in a lot of cases .
So , we have compiled a list of our favorite budget - friendly activities for game night .
We hope you find at least one or two that you can enjoy on your next game night !
1. Jackbox
Our all - time favorite game of the year so far has been Jackbox.tv .
This is a digital game that my oldest child told me about a few months ago .
There are two really great perks to playing Jackbox as a family .
The first one is that you can play from any device .
Since there are 7 of us , one of us will start it on the Xbox ( since that is where we purchased the games originally ) .
Then everyone grabs a phone , tablet or laptop in order to play .
All you have to do is type in Jackbox.tv in your web browser and it will pop up .
You have an area to put in the 4 letter room code and another underneath it for whatever name you want to be that round .
Sometimes we get a little crazy and come up with wacky names , which is a lot of fun .
But it can make it a little more difficult to remember who is who when you do that .
The second perk is that they have 6 different party packs right now .
Each party pack has 5 different games in it .
So you can choose which party pack you would like to purchase , for a one time fee , and then you can play those games whenever you want to .
The party packs usually range from $ 20 - $ 30 .
But , they do run a lot of specials and sales also .
So we have been able to pick up 2 of the 4 party packs we have for discounted prices .
Some of the games are n’t as age - appropriate for much younger children because of context .
But , each party pack has at least one or two options that will work well for everybody if you have younger children .
2. Heads Up
Heads
Up is another game we have had for a while .
This game is similar to charades , but with a twist .
Each person gets a headband that can hold playing cards on the front of it .
One person shuffles the prompt cards and puts a few of them face out in each other person ’s headband .
Once you choose who is going first , the sand timer gets flipped over and everyone starts shouting clues at the person who is it .
That person has to try and guess what the card on their headband says .
Once you get it right , you throw that card out and everyone starts on the next prompt .
For each card you get correct during the time limit , you collect a chip .
The person with the most chips at the end of the game wins .
It ’s a lot of fun because sometimes you have to act instead of use words , so it can get kind of silly .
This is especially true if some of the younger children do n’t know what the prompt is .
We picked this game up on sale for $ 17 , but it usually runs closer to $ 20 .
3. Blokus
Blokus is a game that we randomly came across at a game store many years ago .
This game looked like a lot of fun to us because it was n’t too difficult to initially figure out .
The game runs anywhere from $ 22 – $ 30 usually .
This is an easy shapes type of game with 4 different colors to choose from .
Each player chooses a color and then gets all of their associated shapes .
The first player lays down one of their colored shapes and then each person follows suit with their own color .
The goal of the game is to get rid of all of your shapes first .
But the trick is that you have to lay each piece down touching another one of your colored pieces .
This means that it ’s also about strategy because the board is only so big .
There have been times that we have ended the game in a draw because we all had pieces left .
When that happens you each have to count how many pieces you have leftover and the person with the least amount left wins .
This is a really easy and fun game for game night , or any time really .
Because you can stop and start and not lose your place , as long as you remember whose turn it was .
4. Cards
When you have a deck of cards , there are so many different options with regard to what games you can play .
Not only are decks of cards pretty cheap but there are also plenty of designer decks of playing cards if you really want to get fancy .
For us , any old playing card deck will do , so we like these playing cards that come with 12 decks of cards for less than $ 14 .
Some of our favorite games to play with the family for game night are :
Gin
Heart
Rummy
Spades
War ( only 2 player )
5. Pictionary
An old family classic family game night game is Pictionary .
I remember playing this when we were kids , so it is has been around a little while .
I do n’t know how much it cost way back then , but now you can pick it up for around $ 20 .
This game is pretty easy to play and can be age - appropriate for almost all ages .
One person chooses to be it first and picks a prompt card .
They then have a timer set to draw the prompt on their card .
The goal of the audience is to guess what they are drawing .
The more pictures the drawer is able to get the audience to guess in the allotted time , the more points they get .
Pictionary can be a lot of hilarious fun because not everybody is an artist .
6. Uno
Another great card game for family game night is Uno .
This game was also around when I was a kid , so there is a little bit of nostalgia there .
Today , you can easily find it in most stores where games are sold , or online , for $ 10 – $ 15 .
Uno comes with a large deck of cards in which 7 are passed out to each player .
The cards either have numbers and individual colors on them or can be a different action card .
The point of this game is to put down a card of the same color or number as the card already laid down .
Or you can play an action card .
If you ca n’t do any of that then you have to draw cards from the deck until you have a card to play .
Once you get to the point where you only have 1 card left , you must yell out “ UNO . ”
Whoever gets rid of all of their cards first is the winner .
But this game can last a lot longer than you think because of all of the action cards , which makes it even more fun .
7. Apples to Apples
Apples to Apples can be a lot of fun for both adults and family game night .
Since there are many different versions , you could potentially get some expansion packs to create more diversity .
Depending upon which version , or expansion pack , you purchase and where , this game can range between $ 15 – $ 30 .
Ultimately , it might be a bit easier for slightly older children to play .
But , they also have a Junior version for younger children .
The point is to match up adjectives and nouns for hilarious combinations .
Basically , whoever is drawing a card places a green apple card face up on the table .
Then each other player has to place a red apple card from their deck that they think best matches or describes the word face down on the table .
The judge will then shuffle the red apple cards and place them face up on the table .
They then choose which card they think best matches the green apple card prompt and awards that person with the green apple card .
Whoever has the most green apple cards at the end of the game is the winner .
8. Clue
Clue is one of my all - time favorite games from childhood .
But not everybody has loved it in my adult years .
So , this is one of my go - to games for a family game night since a few of the kids actually enjoy playing it .
You can pick this game up from a lot of different retailers , or online , for around $ 20 .
There are 6 characters to choose from to start out .
There are also 3 different sets of cards that need to be separated by weapon , person , and room .
Have someone shuffle each set of cards and then randomly choose one ( face down ) from each pile to put it into an envelope in the center of the game board .
That will be your culprit , weapon and room the murder occurred in .
Once you have done all of that , then the 3 decks of cards need to be shuffled together and passed out to each player .
The weapons can be distributed to different rooms at the beginning of the game , just for fun .
Each person will roll the die and move that many spaces until they get into a room .
Once in a room , players have the option to guess who done it , with which weapon and be proved wrong by other players .
Whoever ends up guessing the correct murderer , weapon and room ultimately win the game .
But it can take a lot longer than you think because there are secret passageways into other rooms and if you get chosen as a murderer , your game piece gets moved into that room .
9 . The Voting Game
This is one of our favorite family night games to play .
The Voting Game is not always age - appropriate , but there is an easy remedy to that .
When we are playing with adults only , we use the whole deck .
But , when we are playing as a family , we only use part of the deck that we have previously separated .
This game comes in a rectangular black box and has 3 different sets of cards .
One set is numbered 1 – 10 with unique colors on each card .
Each player chooses a number and puts it in front of them for everyone to see .
The second deck also has numbers 1 – 10 , but they are all white and black .
Whoever is dealing passes out the numerical cards associated with each player to every player .
For example , if I were number 7 and the other players were numbers 1 , 3 , 8 & 9 , then I would only have the black and white numbers 1 , 3 , 8 & 9 in my hand .
These cards are used to choose which player you think most matches the prompt .
The third deck of cards is by far the largest because each card has a different scenario .
For example , the reader might get a card that states “ Who is most likely to help an old lady cross the street ? ”
Then each player would choose from their black and white numbered cards who they think most resembles the prompt and places their choice face down in the middle of the table .
Once everyone has chosen , the reader picks up all of the cards , shuffles face down , and begins to call out the first number .
Whoever ’s number is drawn has to guess who chose them .
The people to guess correctly for the round gets the prompt card .
The game is supposed to end once one player gets 5 prompt cards .
But , depending on how many players we have and how long the game is taking , sometimes we shorten it to 3 cards instead .
It is a lot of fun because you just never know what people are going to say about you !
The Voting Game can usually be picked up for somewhere between $ 20 – $ 25 .
10 . Puzzles
Puzzles are a great addition to any family game night .
And , because you can pick them up as cheap as $ 1 , they are an extremely budget - friendly way to keep kids entertained .
In fact , we went on a splurge and purchased 14 different puzzles at the Dollar Tree a few weeks ago for variety .
Some of the 100 – 250 piece puzzles are better choices for us to work on when we have the younger members of our family helping us .
But , when it is just my spouse and I , sometimes we work on the harder 500 piece puzzles for a bigger challenge .
And if you really want to get crazy , there are some puzzles out there that have 2 puzzles mixed up in the same box .
Those are some of our favorite options when we are all working on puzzles together because it can get a bit silly with mismatched puzzle pieces .
Best Family Activities for Game Night Summary
Overall , there are so many great games out there for family game night .
A lot of it will come down to how much you want to spend and which games best suit your family structure .
But , ultimately our family ’s favorite games currently are :
Jackbox.tv Heads Up Blokus Cards Pictionary Uno Apples to Apples Clue The Voting Game Puzzles
No matter which games you choose to try , you just ca n’t help but have fun .
And with these budget - friendly games , you can also keep more money in your wallet too .
What are some of your favorite budget - friendly games for your family game night ?
Kalman R. Hettleman wrote an interesting article in the Washington Post about the five myths in education reform :
We know how to fix public schools ; we just lack the political will to finish the job .
Teachers know best how to teach kids ; policymakers should leave them alone .
The federal government meddles too much in the affairs of local schools .
Teacher unions are the enemy .
There 's no place in education for politics .
He refuted all of these very well .
I read another article by Dave Clinefelter of Rethinking Higher Education on college tuition .
Dave 's first data point is sobering - median family income has risen by 5 % over the last decade , but college tuition has risen by 65 % .
He cites many reasons for this , but the big one is that State funding has fallen off dramatically , and the schools can't keep up .
A key factor in both cases is how much local vs. state vs. federal involvement there is or should be in education .
I think education should not be funded locally or at the state level - it should be all federal .
If for no other reason than a state 's local economy should not prevent any student from getting the best possible education .
The second reason - a child should not be penalized for living in a state where the education leaders are ... not clear thinkers .
Third , if students who graduate ( whether to go into tertiary education or the workforce ) are compared nationally , standards ( curriculum , assessments , etc. ) should be described nationally , and be consistent across the country - an even playing field .
Finally , salaries for educators should ( with regional cost - of - living accommodations ) be equal across the country .
I 'm not however saying that the Feds should tell teachers how to teach .
Instead they should define the outcomes that schools are expected to create , and then develop standards that judge the quality of schools relative to each other based on the quality of their graduates .
As I wrote before , I believe we must know what the goal is and that you are what you measure .
By the same token , I do n't think that all teachers are prefect or even universally effective .
I wrote about a number of teachers that do n't seem to have their students ' best interests at heart - I do n't think that is acceptable either .
This is controversial , I know .
Many believe that education is a local issue , should managed by those that can accommodate the unique requirements of their locale , and that it should be funded at the local level .
I do n't agree .
This is too important to be random , to be left in the hands of those who are might take a whimsical approach to education , or bow to tough budgetary times .
It is not acceptable for our schools , teachers and most critically , our students to be compromised .
New Africa / Shutterstock
If a dry cleaner claims they do “ all work done onsite , ” they ’re either lying or incompetent
Only 10 - 15 percent of dry cleaners have the equipment and expertise necessary to handle everything that comes in for cleaning .
Smaller dry cleaners often outsource work on leather and handbags , and sometimes wedding gown and upholstered items , to specialists .
Or at least they should , says Chuck Horst , president of Margaret ’s Cleaners in La Jolla , California .
“ If you only do 50 handbags a year , you will never learn how to do it properly . ”
He recommends looking for a cleaner that at least does dry cleaning and shirt laundering onsite or at a facility they own , rather than sending it off to a wholesaler .
That way , Horst says , “ They own the whole process and ca n’t lay blame on someone else . ”
And here are the 10 laundry mistakes you never knew you were making until now .
I 've heard more than a few people express some confusion about what is meant by " public API " , especially since I have lauded Rails for having an excellent user - facing API .
How does that jive with the agenda of creating a defined , documented API ?
To clarify , I am applauding Rails for having created a developer interface to the framework that is pleasant to use .
A lot of code that is created using the Rails DSL is immensely understandable , even to relatively new users , because of a passionate focus on making it so .
When I talk about " public API " I mean something much more boring and technical .
In particular , I mean dividing up the parts of the Rails internals that are meant to be used , documenting them as public , and writing tests that are specifically marked as public and cannot be changed without a darn good reason .
At present , while the public - facing API is relatively stable , there is no infrastructure around making it so .
But perhaps more important is the idea of doing the same for plugin developers that Rails has already done for end - users , by forming known , defined , and tested mechanisms for adding or modifying Rails behavior .
In the same was as for public - facing functionality , we should document the methods that are intended to be used by plugin developers , create hooks where appropriate , and write tests to ensure that these contracts with plugin developers remain so .
Once this is done , and the private functionality of Rails is well cordoned off from the parts that are intended for public or plugin use , the Rails team will have significantly more latitude to keep the internals of the framework from getting crufty too quickly .
We found this approach to be quite useful in Merb , and the plan is to do the same for Rails .
Of course , it can hardly be said that by creating a public / plugin API we will have completely removed the need for anyone to ever monkey - patch Rails internals directly .
However , it will be more clear which modifications are likely to survive from version to version , and which modifications will require constant vigilance ( and should probably be the subject of a conversation with the Rails core team itself to determine whether a more explicit hook could be added ) .
In short , when I say " public API " , I mean documentation , testing and commitment .
Barack Obama & Michelle Obama Cover Ebony Inauguration Issue
Barack Obama is poised to become the 44th President of the United States .
He will stand before America on Tuesday , February 20 and will take the oath of office on the steps of our nation 's capital .
See complete schedule of events here .
Barack andgrace the February 2009 covers of magazines throughout the world , including Ebony .
The family has been on a whirlwind pre-inauguration schedule .
They enjoyed a whistle - stop train trip , dubbed the Obama Express , from Philadelphia to Washington D.C. on Saturday , which was also Michelle 's 45th birthday .
The family graced the cover of Parade Magazine , a Sunday supplement that appeared in newspapers across the country yesterday .
Check out Obama family photos here .
23,000 Dolphins are slaughtered each year in a hidden cove in Taiji , Japan .
The Japanese government covers it up .
No one could get in .
Until now .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/Sw5qgVp0jng]
[ UPDATE : Dolphin Slaughter in Taiji’s ‘ Cove ’ Suspended ] !
The Cove exposes an atrocity of unimaginable brutality .
The dolphin slaughter depicted here is committed yearly and without knowledge of the general Japanese public , even though they could be buying highly - toxic mercury - laden dolphin meat disguised as fish from their local supermarkets .
[ social_buttons ]
Barred access to the site , the film crew ( which includes most notably the man who trained Flipper , Richard O’Barry ) was forced to utilize covert military tactics and equipment , including thermal heat sensors and the help of two world - class free divers , to accomplish their mission .
The Cove is activist film at it ’s finest : exposing this dirty - little - secret despite systematic intimidation and institutional attempts to cover it up .
The film is part of the documentary selection for this year ’s Sundance Film Festival in Park City , Utah .
>> See Also : Japan Accuses Animal Planet of EcoTerrorism Prior to “ Whale Wars ” Premiere
To learn more and take action , visit the campaign website : savejapandolphins.com .
The film wo n’t be available to the public until post - festival distribution , so keep your eye out for it later in the year .
Also read more at nymag.com .
Get PlanetSave by RSS or Email .
[ Update 1/25/09 ] : The Cove has received the Audience Award for U.S. Documentary at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival .
The US Patent and Trademark Office has granted a request by the Electronic Frontier Foundation to reexamine a controversial patent that covers the distribution of certain types of music files over the internet .
The patent , issued in 1997 to Seer Systems , restricts audio streaming , cell phone ringtones and other electronic distribution of music when they involve the MIDI , or musical instrument digital interface , standard .
Microsoft , Yamaha and Beatnik have all taken licenses after being sued for patent infringement , according to Seer principal Stanley Jungleib .
According to EFF attorney Michael Kwun , Jungleib 's patent application failed to submit at least five significant descriptions of the technology that were published prior to the request .
They included a book authored by Jungleib .
Patent examiners use such prior art to decide whether an invention meets standards for novelty and non-obviousness .
" We found a variety of prior art that we thought pretty clearly disclosed " the invention , Kwun said .
" It 's significant , I think , that Mr. Jungleib 's own book was a primary source . "
Jungleib says he 's heard such arguments before and they failed .
In the early 2000s , he sued Microsoft and Yamaha , and the suits settled with both companies taking a license .
More recently , Seer sued Beatnik and that company also ended up licensing the technology .
" Microsoft raised the same ' book ' issue in that lawsuit , " Jungleib wrote in an email to The Register .
" After 22 + months of litigation , we settled confidentially .
That would seem to suggest that the EFF 's ' book ' contention , not my company 's patent , is ' bogus . ' "
The request that the patent be reviewed is the sixth time the EFF has made such an appeal .
The Patent and Trademark office has granted each of them .
One of the patents has already been invalidated .
The remaining five are still under review .
The patent appeals are part of the EFF's Patent Busting Project , which seeks to challenge patents it believes chill innovation by restricting the use of technologies that are already part of the public domain .
Jungleib strongly contests the EFF 's contentions that the technology at the heart of the patent 5,886,274 was already broadly in use .
He says it involves a method for compressing synthesized sounds into a tiny package and reproducing them in real time on electronic devices , an approach few were taking in the early 1990s , when he invented it .
" Nobody 's going to take it away from us , " he said .
" I stood up to Microsoft .
I can take the EFF pretty easily . " ®
Bush wants history to see him as a liberator of millions Agence France - Presse
Published : Friday November 28 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP )  George W. Bush hopes history will see him as a president who liberated millions of Iraqis and Afghans , who worked towards peace and who never sold his soul for political ends .
" I 'd like to be a president ( known ) as somebody who liberated 50 million people and helped achieve peace , " Bush said in excerpts of a recent interview released by the White House Friday .
" I would like to be a person remembered as a person who , first and foremost , did not sell his soul in order to accommodate the political process .
I came to Washington with a set of values , and I 'm leaving with the same set of values . "
He also said he wanted to be seen as a president who helped individuals , " that rallied people to serve their neighbor ; that led an effort to help relieve HIV / AIDS and malaria on places like the continent of Africa ; that helped elderly people get prescription drugs and Medicare as a part of the basic package . "
Bush added that every day during his eight - year presidency he had consulted the Bible and drawn comfort from his faith .
" I would advise politicians , however , to be careful about faith in the public arena , " the US leader said in the interview with his sister Doro Bush Koch recorded as part of an oral history program known as Storycorps .
As his second term in office draws to an end , Bush joked he would miss some of the trappings that come with the presidency such as trips on Air Force One , never being stuck in a traffic jam , and the president 's residence at Camp David .
But he said he was glad to be stepping back into the shadows .
" Frankly , I 'm not going to miss the limelight all that much .
It 's been a fabulous experience to be the president ...
But it will be nice to see the Klieg lights shift somewhere else . "
The interview , which Bush recorded with First Lady Laura Bush , will be stored in the library of Congress and a museum devoted to the Bush presidency .
Beardless Bdale
At the 2009 linux.conf.au Penguin Dinner , Bdale Garbee " agreed " to shave his beard if enough funds were pledged toward the cause of protecting the Tasmanian Devil from extinction .
On January 22 , Linus Torvalds did the honors .
Something between AU$ 35,000 and $ 40,000 was raised through this effort .
A top Chinese censor has been arrested over suspicions he took millions in bribes to help a local anti-virus firm to crush a competitor .
Yu Bing , head of the internet monitoring department of Beijing 's Municipal Public Security Bureau , allegedly took RMB 40 m ( $ 5.8 m ) in backhanders from Rising to frame criminal charges against an executive at its competitor , Micropoint Technology .
A vice president of Rising has also been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the failed plot , Wired reports .
Yu's role in a department that monitored email and web usage in China put him in prime position to plant evidence suggesting that Micropoint Vice President Tian Yakui was distributing malware and hacking into systems in order to swipe trade secrets .
Tian spent almost a year behind bars before being exonerated .
Meanwhile , Micropoint efforts to launch a product were grounded .
Micropoint , which was founded by former Rising execs including Yu , is planning to launch a RMB 30 m ( $ 4.3 m ) lawsuit against Rising , which denies any wrongdoing .
More on the developing story can be found in reports collated by the China Digital Times here . ®
( AOL Autos ) --
When the economy goes into a downward spiral like it currently is , people scramble to find ways to save money , but it seems there 's always a catch .
Premiums for a Toyota Yaris sedan , with miles per gallon average of 29/35 , would run $ 1,423.95 .
For example : when gas prices went up to $ 3 - per- gallon ( and beyond ) over the last couple of years , many consumers began clamoring to get out of their big gas - guzzling SUVs and sedans , flocking to smaller cars that delivered better fuel economy .
But even before gas prices dropped to the $ 1.60 range in November ; those new small - car buyers discovered a hitch in their plan to save money : insurance premiums for smaller cars are typically higher than for larger vehicles .
This has been true for decades , but so many drivers had been motoring around in SUVs , pick - up trucks and big sedans for so long that this fact probably slipped their memories .
" Small cars are just more likely to get into crashes , because of how they are driven -- they are more likely to be used in longer commutes than a minivan or SUV , for example , " said Kim Hazelbaker , senior vice president of the Highway Loss Data Institute , a group supported by auto - insurance companies that studies insurance data and costs .
" That translates into higher premiums .
And since smaller cars do n't protect the occupants as well as larger vehicles , the cost of injuries to those occupants is higher as well .
And that also contributes to more expensive premiums . "
Of course , many of those who migrated out of big vehicles went the hybrid route .
However , figures reveal that hybrids are also more costly to insure than their non-hybrid equivalents .
" We did a study comparing the hybrids to their non -hybrid counterparts -- like , the Honda Civic hybrid compared to the non-hybrid Civic , etcetera -- and we found that the hybrids are not only more likely to be in crashes , but they cost more to repair , " Hazelbaker said .
AOL Autos : Honda Civic
The reason hybrids are more likely to be in crashes , Hazelbaker said , is similar to the reason that smaller cars are more likely to be involved in accidents .
" Hybrid drivers tend to ' super commuters ' : people who have longer commutes , who bought the hybrids to save on fuel and cut emissions during 50 , 60 , 70 - mile commutes , " he said .
" So the increase in miles driven translates to more frequent crashes . "
" Remember , small cars are also harder to see when you 're driving in a world full of sport utility vehicles and pick - up trucks , so the likelihood of another vehicle crashing into them increases , " added Carolyn Gorman , vice president of the Insurance Information Institute , an insurance industry trade association .
" And when you 're in a small car , you feel like you can get into smaller spaces and get around larger and more cumbersome vehicles , so maybe those drivers do drive in a way that is more aggressive -- they try to sneak into gaps in traffic that bigger vehicles would n't , which can in turn lead to a higher likelihood of an accident . "
Insure.com , an online insurance broker , came up some specific insurance - premium costs in a study conducted in August .
To develop an average , Insure.com ran quotes for each vehicle with four or five insurance companies across seven different ZIP codes .
These prices reflect national averages for a single male driver , age 40 , who drives 12 miles to work , with policy limits of 100/300/50 .
These are all for 2009 models .
First , some of the small cars :
The owner of a MINI Cooper , which boasts a fuel economy of 28/37 miles per gallon on city / hwy , would pay $ 1,704.59 in annual premiums .
A Honda Civic , with fuel economy of 25 /36 , would cost $ 1,670 to insure .
And premiums for a Toyota Yaris sedan , which gets gas mileage of 29/35 , would run $ 1,423.95 .
AOL Autos : Mini Cooper
By comparison , here are some of the premiums for larger vehicles : $ 1,194.26 for a Ford F - 150 pick - up ( with a fuel economy of 14/19 ) ; $ 1,258.40 for a Honda CRV SUV ( 20/27 ) and $ 1,265.94 for a Toyota Sienna minivan ( 17/23 ) .
AOL Autos : Honda CRV
In November , Insure.com released another list comparing insurance premiums for the top 20 selling 2009 models .
But Amy Danise , an Insure.com spokesperson , cautioned against making direct comparisons between the November premiums listed below and the August premium prices listed above because " each list is a ' snapshot ' in time , and reliable only for comparison to vehicles within the same list , because insurance companies can re-jigger rates at any time , " she said .
But , just for information purposes , some of the smaller - car premiums reported in the November list were : $ 1,369 for a Ford Focus ( 24/35 ) ; $ 1,384 for a Chevy Cobalt ( 25/37 ) ; $ 1,386 for a Pontiac G6 ( 22/30 ) ; $ 1,396 for a Toyota Prius ( 48/45 ) ; $ 1,538 for a Toyota Corolla ( 26/35 ) and $ 1,427 for a Nissan Altima ( 23/31 ) .
AOL Autos : Toyota Prius
" Actuaries who determine premiums base those costs on a very carefully compiled set of statistics that help them determine the amount of risk , " Hazelbaker explained .
" We have 30 companies reporting data to us , so we have records of about 150 million vehicles out there , and we report that loss data back to the insurers -- who then use the data to determine the cost of premiums . "
In order to assess the likelihood of big liability and damage - coverage payouts to drivers of individual vehicles , the Highway Loss Data Institute assigned vehicles a " rating " based on a combination of the frequency of crashes and the amount of dollars paid out for collision losses .
In those ratings , a score of 100 was deemed " average . "
So , a number lower than 100 reflects a vehicle that is less costly to insure .
Using 100 as the average , the organization arrived at the following ratings for some individual vehicles .
" The Scion TC is more than double the average , " Hazelbaker noted .
" It 's small , and those vehicles tend to appeal to younger driver , who do tend to drive more aggressively . "
AOL Autos : Scion TC
And some of the other through - the - roof numbers have nothing to do with size , but instead are a function of being high - powered muscle cars -- like the Cadillac CTS -V , with a rating of 353 , and the Dodge Viper , with a rating of 624 .
" Those have big engines in them , and buyers are laying out big money for that power , so they like to use their right foot , " Hazelbaker said , " so those are naturally going to be in more accidents because people are driving them faster than the speed limit . "
One report indicated that early buyers of the SmartForTwo had a hard time finding insurance companies that would even write policies on them .
" I do n't think that 's surprising , because I 've only seen two of them in the last year , " said Gorman , who lives and works in the Washington , D.C. , area .
" So I think insurers were scratching their heads , they did n't know what to make of it .
It was new , so there was no data , and it 's so small that initially no one knew what to compare it to . "
Ultimately , though , Gorman said that migrating into a small vehicle from a big one does not have to result in a big hit to the pocketbook .
" There are all kinds of factors that go into the cost of insurance premium , from the size of the car , to your age , to other factors , " she says .
" So the best thing to do before buying a new small vehicle is to talk to your agent and ask him or her what the premiums are for some of the vehicles you 're considering .
That way , you 'll know in advance what to expect , and can make your purchase decision accordingly . "
© 2009 AOL , LLC .
All Rights Reserved .
All About Cars and Car Design
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A US man shot his wife and five young children dead before turning the gun on himself after claiming that he and his wife had planned the killings after they lost their jobs at a hospital .
" Why leave our children in someone else 's hands , " Ervin Lupoe wrote in a letter sent to the KABC - TV television channel 's website .
The station called police after receiving the fax , and officers arrived at the family home in Wilmington , between Los Angeles and Long Beach within minutes of the killings .
The body of Lupoe 's wife , Ana , was found in an upstairs bedroom with the bodies of the couple 's twin two - year - old boys .
The bodies of an eight - year - old girl and twin five - year - old girls were found alongside Ervin Lupoe 's in another bedroom .
All had been shot in the head , some multiple times , the local coroner 's assistant chief , Ed Winter , said .
Lupoe removed three of his children from school about a week and a half ago , saying the family was moving to Kansas .
The Kaiser Permanente medial centre , in west Los Angeles , released a statement confirming both Lupoe and his wife had worked there as medical technicians .
" We are deeply saddened to hear of the deaths of the Lupoe family , " it said in a statement .
Lupoe 's letter claimed he and his wife had been fired and that she suggested they kill themselves and their children .
Police did not release further details .
The letter indicated that Lupoe and his wife had been under investigation for misrepresenting their employment to an outside agency in order to obtain childcare .
He claimed that , on 23 December , an administrator had told the couple : " You should not even had bothered to come to work today – you should have blown your brains out . "
The Lupoes complained and were eventually offered an apology but were fired two days later , according to the letter .
The Kaiser Permanente statement made no comment on the claims .
In October , a Los Angeles man beset by financial worries shot his wife , three children and mother - in - law dead before turning the gun on himself .
Karthik Rajaram , a father of three , was a former employee of major accounting firms but had been unemployed for several months .
Posted on 27 February 2009 by ShepRamsey
Luis Buñuel just does n’t really care all that much for rich people .
It ’s a sentiment that ’s more than apparent through all of the French surrealist ’s work , from L’Age D’Or to The Phantom of Liberty and it seems it was never quite as apparent or hilarious as in his 1962 film , The Exterminating Angel , recently released for the first time on DVD in the U.S. , by those terrific film - lovers at Criterion .
The Exterminating Angel is a film from the latter part of Buñuel ’s years working in Spain , before he rounded out the end of his career in France , with films like Belle de Jour , starring Catherine Deneuve .
I have always loved his movies and have wanted to see this film for some time , but have n’t been able to due to its limited availability .
So after all that waiting , does it serve up all the twisted Buñuel madness that I could have hoped for ?
Absolutely it does !
In fact , I think it might be my favorite of his films .
The Exterminating Angel centers on a group of bourgeois socialites who gather together for a dinner party one fateful night .
They are herded to the dining room by the servants who whisper and conspire , making plans to leave as soon and possible .
And leave , they do , with just the poor butler left behind .
After a lovely dinner and social discourse , the guests are ready to leave .
However with some unable to figure out where their coats are and some maybe just too tipsy to drive , the whole party decides to spend the night on the floor and couches of the drawing room .
Upon waking up the next morning , after such an ill - advised breach of social etiquette , they soon find that they are all unable to leave .
There ’s really nothing stopping them , they just ca n’t seem to make it out of the room .
They stand at the threshold , staring out into the hallway .
So close and yet so far .
It ’s sort of the reverse concept of Buñuel ’s 1972 film , The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie , in which similar rich bourgeois types found themselves unable to sit down for dinner .
But structurally , Angel is strikingly different from Discreet Charm .
It ’s a much more outspoken film , which makes its absurdities more jarring and much funnier as well .
In Discreet Charm , the characters never eat dinner because other matters simply keep coming up ( including an inexplicable war taking place just yards away ) .
In Exterminating Angel , the only issue at hand for anyone is that they ca n’t get out of that damn room !
It ’s not long before they succumb to all hopelessness .
Many are sick and some even die .
Those with enough strength spend most of their time hallucinating , sleeping , throwing around blame , and eventually becoming convinced they should kill the party ’s host , because if they “ kill the spider , the whole web will unravel . ”
And cue the sheep who freely wander in and out of the room and the bear that climbs the mansion ’s gaudy staircases and columns .
Repetition is a key in Exterminating Angel and many shots , sentences , scenes , and actions are done twice .
It ’s all part of Buñuel ’s big grand concoction , a gorgeous , hilarious , and cinematically genius middle finger to the rich and pampered , whose only skill is the instinct of habit and self - determined etiquette .
I would n’t dare say if they make it out of the room or how they might do it , but the film ’s ending is nothing short of a terrific and uproarious jab in the gut .
And of course , no Buñuel film would be complete without a few things flying over my head .
There ’s more than enough oddball craziness to go around .
Aside from the sheep and the bear , we also have a dead chicken , kept in a drawer , eventually offered up in what I guess was a sacrifice .
There ’s plenty of curious dialogue as well .
When an elderly man slips into a coma , someone asks the token doctor - in - the - house how much time he has left .
“ Not much , ” the doctor responds .
“ In a few hours , he ’ll be completely bald . ”
( An echo of an earlier conversation , to boot . )
Sure , it ’s got more than its share of head - scratcher moments to saunter past a feeble mind like my own , but it ’s nevertheless massively entertaining creating the classic dreamlike tone and imagery that makes Buñuel the cinematic maestro of surrealism .
But maybe all that ’s not good enough !
Maybe you require more !
Well , fear not , for the Criterion Collection ’s excellent DVD comes complete with a wealth of diggings into Buñuel ’s bizarre vision .
The obligatory booklet includes an essay on the movie by film scholar Marsha Kinder as well as an interview with Luis Buñuel himself , where his polite musings offer up many enhancing insights , such as “ A butler is a bourgeois at heart . ”
Features on the second disc include a 2008 documentary called The Last Script : Remembering Luis Buñuel , which follows around Buñuel ’s son , Juan Luis Buñuel , as he travels to all of the spots where Buñuel lived and worked throughout his career .
It ’s an interesting and informative 96 minutes , even if they are n’t the most scintillating at all times .
Other features include intervies with actress Silvia Pinal and filmmaker Alturo Ripstein .
So all in all , it ’s a great little package .
It ’s Criterion , so yeah , it ’s a little bit on the pricy side , but if you ’re rolling in disposable income or you just LOVE Buñuel , then it ’s absolutely worth checking out .
At the very least , Netflix the thing and treat yourself to one of the most entertaining and terrific surrealist comedies of all time !
You can buy The Exterminating Angel on DVD HERE .
The World Chess Federation , better known by its French acronym FIDE , has gotten itself into a controversy over drug testing .
FIDE instituted its anti-doping program in a so far futile attempt to gain chess entrance into the Olympic Games , but now , with its threat to order a two - year suspension for Ukrainian Grandmaster Vassily Ivanchuk , the federation is facing rebellion and ridicule in the ranks .
chess board ( courtesy wikimedia.org )
Players had already ridiculed the drug testing policy and criticized the quest to gain Olympic status as misguided , but the looming Ivanchuk suspension is bringing matters to a head .
Ivanchuk , the third - ranked player in the world and a very popular figure in the game , failed to take a mandatory drug test after he lost a crucial game at the Chess Olympiad in Dresden , Germany , in November .
Instead of completing the drug test , an angry and distraught Ivanchuk left the building and was later seen stomping around and kicking posts outside .
" Can we believe such news ? " Latvian - born Spanish Grandmaster Alexei Shirov , once a challenger for the world title , wrote in an open letter on the Ivanchuk case in December .
" A player who has been at the very top for more than 20 years ... gets banned simply because he wanted to calm down after a lost game ? "
Another prominent player , German veteran Robert Hübner , one of the best players in the West during the 1970s and 1980s , refuses to participate in FIDE events to protest the drug testing policy .
The Ivanchuk affair is a case of " bureaucracy gone haywire , " Washington , DC , tournament organizer Michael Atkins told the Washington Times this week .
" Enhancing physical performance for athletes obviously needs testing , but I do n't think anyone has ever shown that there are mental performance - enhancing illegal drugs that would improve play over the board to the degree that it affects results , " he said .
" Having to become a chess cop would drive me away from tournaments quickly .
It really is n't worth it to do this just to get in the Olympics . "
FIDE 's anti-doping regulations are based on those of the World Anti-Doping Association , the body that governs drug testing in Olympic sports .
The association 's list of prohibited substances includes not only steroids , stimulants , gene doping and other " performance enhancing " substances , but also all illicit drugs , including marijuana , LSD , and heroin .
This is n't the first time FIDE has stirred controversy in the ranks over anti-doping policies .
In the 2004 Chess Olympiad on the Spanish island of Mallorca , officials forfeited two lower ranking players after they objected random drug tests after their match .
But Ivanchuk is a much more prominent and well - liked player , and that 's giving the federation pause .
FIDE officials have postponed announcing a final decision on the mandatory two - year ban .
Instead , a " doping hearing panel " will review the case in the next couple of months and make a decision .
In the meantime , Ivanchuk is still playing tournament chess , and FIDE is a laughing stock for its members .
SOMEWHERE at Microsoft , there is a closet packed with leftover Slate umbrellas  a monument to the folly of asking people to pay for what they read on the Internet .
These umbrellas  a $ 20 value !
 were the premium we offered to people who would pay $ 19 for a year ’s subscription to Slate , the Microsoft - owned online magazine ( later purchased by The Washington Post ) .
We were quite self - righteous about the alleged principle that “ content ” should not be free .
The word itself was an insult  as if we were just making Jell - O salad in order to sell Tupperware .
The experiment lasted about a year .
Still , every so often the dream of getting people to pay recurs .
It ’s recurring now because of the newspaper crisis : they have been hemorrhaging subscribers and advertisers for their paper editions , even as they give away their contents online .
In the current Time , its former managing editor , Walter Isaacson , urges a solution : “ micropayments . ”
Micropayments are systems that make it easy to pay small amounts of money .
( Your subway card is an example . )
You could pay a nickel to read an article , or a dime for a whole day ’s newspaper .
Well , maybe .
But it would be a first .
Newspaper readers have never paid for the content ( words and photos ) .
What they have paid for is the paper that content is printed on .
A week of The Washington Post weighs about eight pounds and costs $ 1.81 for new subscribers , home - delivered .
With newsprint ( that ’s the paper , not the ink ) costing around $ 750 a metric ton , or 34 cents a pound , Post subscribers are getting almost a dollar ’s worth of paper free every week  not to mention the ink , the delivery , etc .
The Times is more svelte and more expensive .
It might even have a viable business model if it could sell the paper with nothing written on it .
A more promising idea is the opposite : give away the content without the paper .
In theory , a reader who stops paying for the physical paper but continues to read the content online is doing the publisher a favor .
Missing 150 - year - old tortoise is back home
Butch the tortoise , who gets around , is back home in Cupertino .
The 150 - year - old reptile turned up Monday morning in the front yard of his home , following a mysterious six - week disappearance that left his owners , Penny and Chuck Carle , shell shocked .
But Butch appeared healthy and happy , and ready to begin his winter hibernation .
" Christmas came early around here , " said Penny Carle .
" I did n't believe it .
It 's so good to have him home again . "
The Carles suspect that someone snatched Butch from the yard and then returned him when the reptile began growing lethargic , as tortoises do as winter approaches .
But they do n't know for sure , and Butch is n't talking .
" He went right to bed , " she said .
" He would n't eat the nice fresh roses we offered him , or the lettuce either .
He turned up his nose .
He 's ready to sleep now . "
The Carles learned their lesson , and plan to keep a closer watch on Butch from now on .
Until Butch wakes up in March , he will be residing in a large box next to the washing machine , indoors and under lock and key to prevent additional tortoise - nappings .
Butch is 20 inches long and looks like a rock
He has been in the Carle family since 1943 , and formerly belonged to Chuck Carle 's late mother .
Before nodding off , Butch was greeted warmly by the Carles ' three dogs , Amigo , Dakota and Barney , who repeatedly licked their old friend to welcome him home .
" They 're happy as a lark about this , " Carle said .
" Everybody is .
It 's a wonderful day around here . "
Skeptimedia
Skeptimedia is a commentary on mass media treatment of issues concerning science , the paranormal , and the supernatural .
» Skeptimedia archives
Skeptimedia replaces Mass Media Funk and Mass Media Bunk .
Those blogs are now archived .
Sharon Begley : Skeptics Think They 're Intellectually Superior
Sharon Begley , the Newsweek science writer , thinks she not only understands why people believe in the paranormal , she also thinks she understands why skeptics disbelieve .
Believers in the paranormal believe because of brain wiring , but skeptics disbelieve because it makes us feel intellectually superior to believers .
She has some good evidence for the former claim from neuroscience and evolutionary psychology , but she seems to have pulled the latter claim out of her ass .
She provides no evidence for it .
" It takes effort to resist the allure of belief , " writes Begley , " with its promise of fellowship , community and comfort in the face of mortality and a pointless , uncaring universe .
There must be compensating rewards . "
Sure , if you say so , Sharon .
And what might these rewards be ?
" One such compensation , it is fair to say , is a feeling of intellectual superiority .
It is rewarding to look at the vast hordes of believers , conclude that they are idiots and delight in the fact that you are n't . "
Well , I guess if Sharon says it is fair to say it , then it must be fair to say it .
But really , what evidence does she have for the claim ?
She provides none because there is none .
She 's providing her opinion , based not on personal experience , but on speculation .
I can tell you , Sharon , from personal experience that this skeptic does not feel intellectually superior to believers .
Also , I 'm not aware of needing any compensation for disbelieving rather than believing .
I used to believe in both the supernatural and the paranormal .
Actually , I think I felt a bit intellectually superior when I had those beliefs .
I felt sorry for the morons who did n't grasp the truth .
Maybe I 'm being too harsh .
After all , Begley did have the experience of speaking at the Amazing Meeting last June in Las Vegas .
She wrote about her experience on her blog .
There she took Penn Jillette as her model skeptic , described him in unflattering terms , and described skeptics as being on a " debunking crusade . "
That 's how she sees us , I guess .
I might call it a " critical thinking campaign , " but I 'm a participant and probably do n't understand what I 'm doing as well as a journalist for Newsweek would .
Maybe Begley 's personal experience with the few skeptics she met at the Amazing Meeting , combined with her journalist 's eye at observing the behavior of those in attendance , led her to the conclusion that skeptics need compensation for their lack of belief in weird things .
Maybe some part of her brain then determined her to conclude that the compensation is a feeling of intellectual superiority .
Anyway , I think she 's wrong .
I 've probably met and associated with many more skeptics than Begley has over the past twenty years or so .
I 've met only a few who think believers in the paranormal are universally stupid .
Of all the major skeptical websites and podcasts , only one ( that I know of ) features a skeptic who regularly indicates that she thinks believers are stupid .
The person who most loudly proclaims that skeptics think believers are intellectually inferior to skeptics is Dean Radin , a believer and a scientist .
In his book The Conscious Universe , he shows his resentment of skeptical critics by devoting an entire chapter to trying to demonstrate that skeptics suffer from various psychological pathologies that prevent us from seeing that the evidence overwhelmingly supports belief in telepathy , telekinesis , precognition , and various other forms of woo .
Here is why I do n't feel intellectually superior to believers .
Personal experience indicates no significant difference in intelligence between skeptics and believers in general .
Furthermore , I 've studied a bit about the psychology of belief and have found that there is no correlation between low intelligence and belief in the paranormal or high intelligence and rejection of the paranormal .
In fact , intelligence is not a key indicator as to whether someone believes in the paranormal or is a skeptic .
But there may be some connection between intelligence and persistent belief in the paranormal .
Here is what I wrote in my article on " hidden persuaders " :
Many skeptics have noted that the hidden persuaders sometimes seem to affect people in proportion to their intelligence : the smarter one is the easier it is to develop false beliefs .
There are several reasons for this : ( 1 ) the hidden persuaders affect everybody to some degree ; ( 2 ) the smarter one is the easier it is to see patterns , fit data to a hypothesis , and draw inferences ; ( 3 ) the smarter one is the easier it is to rationalize , i.e. , explain away strong evidence contrary to one 's belief ; and ( 4 ) smart people are often arrogant and incorrectly think that they cannot be deceived by others , the data , or themselves .
I certainly do n't feel intellectually superior to , say , Brian Josephson .
I do wonder how a genius like Josephson could give up serious physics and concern himself with such things as telepathy and homeopathy for the last thirty years or so .
I also am filled with wonder that Isaac Newton would give up serious physics early in his life and devote substantial time to learning Hebrew so he could read the Old Testament in the original .
But I certainly do n't think either Josephson or Newton can be called stupid , any more than I think Michelangelo was stupid for illustrating Bible stories on the ceiling of the Sistine chapel .
And I have no illusions about being on par with any of these geniuses intellectually .
Begley understands that the brain drives us toward beliefs in the paranormal and supernatural .
The brain drives us toward beliefs that are comfortable and self - satisfying , not necessarily toward what is true .
That 's been known for a long time .
No scoop there .
Science developed a number of techniques that ward off self - deception and error , not because scientists think they are intellectually superior to non-scientists , but because they have a strong desire to discover the truth about the world we live in .
Skeptics want to get to the truth , too .
In my experience , believers , for the most part , also want to get to the truth .
Many skeptics understand the psychological factors that drive people to believe in the paranormal and the supernatural , but that does not necessarily make us feel intellectually superior .
Intellect has nothing to do with it .
Many true believers , such as Dean Radin , also understand these psychological processes .
Another error Begley makes is in taking the word of one skeptic as if he could speak for all of us .
Another [ compensation ] is that skeptics believe , or at least hope , that they can achieve at least one thing that believers seek , but without abandoning their principles .
Skeptics , no less than believers , think it would be wonderful if we could speak to dead loved ones , or if we ourselves never died .
But skeptics instead " seek immortality through our … lasting achievements , " [ Michael ] Shermer explains .
" We , too , hope that our wishes for eternity might be fulfilled . "
Too bad that as they fight the good fight for rationality , their most powerful opponent is nothing less than the human brain .
Not all skeptics are going to agree with Shermer .
I for one do not seek immortality through my achievements or in any other way .
I have no interest in immortality or eternity .
I would n't mind talking to dead loved ones , but I think about it only when someone else brings it up .
Furthermore , most skeptics understand — certainly Shermer does , because he has written extensively about it — that irrationality is hardwired in the human brain .
So , you do n't have a scoop there , either , Sharon .
Sorry .
The paranormal and the supernatural may be natural to most brains , but magical thinking is something we should try to overcome , not dignify , by calling it " natural , " as if that bestowed some sort of goodness on it .
Critical thinking is unnatural .
Unlike magical thinking , critical thinking should n't need to be defended or justified .
Should Steve Salerno need to justify exposing self - help gurus in order to teach people how to think for themselves ?
Should Stephen Barrett or Wally Sampson have to justify exposing medical charlatans in order to teach people to use their critical thinking skills when seeking medical advice ?
Should Ben Radford or Joe Nickel have to justify exposing phony psychics in order to teach people , especially people in law enforcement , to think critically about evidence , inference , and argumentation ?
Does Ray Hyman really need to justify his reviews of studies in parapsychology ?
Does Ray or any other psychologist who has written about cognitive , affective , or perceptual biases need to justify their work ?
Does Randi have to justify exposing these biases at work in certain scientists and their labs ?
Begley trivializes some important scientific work by calling it " debunking . "
Does she consider Poincaré a debunker because he showed that certain mathematical proofs are impossible ?
I do n't feel superior in any way because of my disbeliefs , but I do wonder why intelligent people are n't persuaded by the evidence that the probability of any given paranormal or supernatural claim being true is near zero .
I agree with Begley that the persistence in such beliefs probably has something to do with brain states , but I have no reason to believe it has anything to do with intelligence .
It has to do with a host of hidden persuaders , none of which correlate directly with intelligence .
This came as shock to me today , but I was just laid off from IBM .
It was not a result of performance .
They tell me it was because ARIA and working with external browser vendors is no longer a priority .
There is still the chance to find work for another group in IBM , and I will probably be looking into that .
I have enjoyed working there , especially on Web 2.0 accessibility and Mozilla .
But , perhaps this will be the opening of new opportunities .
I ’m always optimistic .
Update : Some more thoughts … I ’ve never been laid off before .
In fact , everyone I ever worked for was more than pleased with my output .
I know that people who understood my work in IBM really appreciated it .
We certainly rocked the accessibility world !
I ’m not too worried right now , and I ’m very open to hearing about opportunities .
Mostly , I just like doing things that benefit society .
It does n’t have to be accessibility , and probably does n’t even have to be software .
Realistically , it may be difficult to be given a great opportunity to move and shake outside of software , but you never know .
I do like the kind of projects that Benetech gets going .
I ’m fascinated in potential in Obama ’s plans for using technology to better utilize the public in decision - making .
I ’ve had some cool ideas around that in the past , which in fact can be more general and could be quite fun to work on .
And , do n’t be too surprised if I stay in accessibility or even if I find some new opportunity to work on accessibility within Big Blue itself .
If you have a challenging opportunity to run by me , please send a note to aaron at moonset .
net .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
" On Highway 40 , two days before Xmas .
Wife and kid in car with me driving from S.F. to Steamboat , Colorado , as all flights were cancelled to Denver , due to snow .
The morning ice - fog had just broken just after Vernal , Utah .
This was my reward .
It gets my heart pounding just remembering the morning . "
At least four makers of microchips have confirmed they were raided by European Commission investigators seeking information of collusion in the market for chips used in smart cards .
STMicroelectronics , Infineon Technologies , NXP , and Renesas Technology each said they received surprise visits from investigators in late October .
All of them said they are cooperating with the investigation .
The confirmation came after the EC released a statement Wednesday saying it had carried out " unannounced inspections " of several unnamed chipmakers .
" The commission has reason to believe that the companies concerned may have violated EC treaty rules prohibiting practices such as price fixing , customer allocation and the exchange of commercially sensitive information , " the statement read .
If charges are filed , it would by no means be the first time a chipmaker has been accused of burning customers by fixing the prices of its wares .
Infineon has already admitted to US charges of collusion in the market for dynamic random access memory chips .
Along with Samsung , Elpida , and Hynix , the Germany - based company agreed to pay more than $ 730 m to settle the charges brought by the Department of Justice .
More recently , three Asia - based manufacturers of liquid crystal display monitors agreed to pay $ 585 m after pleading guilty to US charges of collusion .
The EC statement said the raids are a preliminary step in its investigation .
Such probes can last years and often do n't lead to charges being filed .
But when cases are brought and successfully prosecuted , they can result in fines as high as 10 percent of a company 's annual revenue for each year of a violation .
That 's a lot of smart cards . ®
A pair of missile strikes from American drones into Pakistan ’s North and South Waziristan Agencies have killed at least 20 people , and injured an unknown number of others .
This marks the first cross - border attack by US forces since President Obama took office on Tuesday .
Three missiles were fired at a house and another nearby building in Zera , North Waziristan killing 10 people and injuring many others .
At least five of those killed in this incident were described by Pakistani officials as “ foreign militants . ”
Later , two other missiles were fired at a house in Wana , South Waziristan , also killing at least ten people .
The identities of those killed was not readily apparent .
President Obama was a long time advocate of strikes into Pakistani territory , but the Pakistani government , which has publicly protested against such attacks , had expressed hope that the new administration might halt the attacks .
The drone strikes have killed hundreds of people over the past several months , both militants and civilians .
The United States rarely publicly admits to the attacks , part of what some in the media have dubbed a “ don ’ t - ask - don ’t - tell ” understanding between them and Pakistan ’s civilian government .
The Oscars may have a history of honouring films set against the backdrop of the Holocaust , but critics are questioning the timing of a fresh crop of films depicting the Nazi horrors of World War II .
This year 's awards season saw an unusually crowded field of movies dubbed " Holocaust films " :
The Reader ; The Boy In The Striped Pyjamas ; Good ; Valkyrie ; Adam Resurrected ; and Defiance .
One of those films , The Reader , has been nominated for five Oscars , including best picture , best director and best actress for Kate Winslet , who plays a former prison guard from a Nazi death camp .
The awards season success of The Reader - and the fact that so many films set in the Nazi era have hit screens recently - has reinforced the notion that studios are guilty of mining the Holocaust for awards season gold .
Ron Rosenbaum , a New York - based journalist and author of Explaining Hitler : The Search For The Origins Of His Evil , decried The Reader as " the worst Holocaust film ever made . "
" This is a film whose essential metaphorical thrust is to exculpate Nazi-era Germans from knowing complicity in the Final Solution , " Rosenbaum commented in an essay on Slate.com .
" The fact that it was recently nominated for a best picture Oscar offers stunning proof that Hollywood seems to believe that if it's a ' Holocaust film ' it must be worthy of approbation , end of story . "
Meanwhile , Andrew Wallenstein , deputy editor of The Hollywood Reporter , suggested in a commentary on National Public Radio that some filmmakers were " exploiting mass tragedy to earn the kind of gravitas the Holocaust confers . "
" While it would be nice to chalk up this trend to some grand artistic need to grapple with such a terrifying period of history , you have to note the timing of the release of these films , " Wallenstein said .
" Let 's just say it :
The real reason we see so many of these movies is that they 're awards bait . "
Annette Insdorf , director of undergraduate film studies at Columbia University and author of Indelible Shadows : Film And The Holocaust , acknowledged that while many Holocaust - related movies have been honoured at the Oscars , it was as much a reflection of Hollywood 's " fascination - and golden recompense for - stories of wartime evil , struggle and redemption . "
In comments emailed to AFP , Insdorf disagreed with criticisms leveled at The Reader , saying the movie was not even a " Holocaust film " in the strictest sense of the meaning .
" It 's about a young man 's rite of passage : the woman with a World War II secret is seen through the perspective of an enamoured youth , " Insdorf said .
The film , like the Bernhard Schlink novel from which it was adapted , is about " very particular and compelling characters who meet after World War II , " she added .
Scott Feinberg , who writes for the Los Angeles Times ' TheEnvelope.com , said movies about the Holocaust may benefit because Academy voters tended to favour films " which make some kind of important statement . "
" The movies that win are the ones where you leave the theatre thinking about bigger questions , " Feinberg told AFP .
" Where Hollywood gets into hot water is with films like The Reader this year .
A lot of people are upset because they say it 's just an obvious play at trying to win an Oscar .
" I think people just get sensitive when they think that the Holocaust is being used for any reason other than a noble one .
" That said , it 's almost always the case that good movies float to the top .
They 're not going to reward junk just because it's about the Holocaust . "
Feinberg said the Academy 's inclination to reward films which tackled weightier themes may explain why The Reader was able to muscle its way onto the list of best picture nominees when many pundits had expected Batman blockbuster The Dark Knight to get a nod .
" Plenty of people this year are furious that The Reader apparently knocked out The Dark Knight , " Feinberg said .
" Fairly or unfairly there are genre biases against some kinds of films , like superhero movies such as The Dark Knight .
There are also genre biases in favour of some kinds of films , which gave The Reader a boost . "
- AFP
Woensdag 30 september : Een herfstachtig tafereel : er zitten vrijwel geen blaadjes meer aan deze boom aan de oever van de Maas in Rijswijk .
© NU.nl / Kees van Mourik
Dinsdag 29 september : Een bijzondere paddenstoel in de bossen bij Diepenveen .
© NU.nl / Jan Simmes
Dinsdag 29 september : Een zwarte wegslak doet zich tegoed aan een paddenstoel in het bos bij Hardenberg .
© NU.nl / Wilma Meijerink Boekhoven
Maandag 28 september :
Toch nog een kleurrijk plaatje uit Vlissingen op deze grijze , regenachtige dag .
© NU.nl / Amc van Iersel
Maandag 28 september : Een mannetjeshert scant de omgeving op de Veluwe .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Zondag 27 september : Aan de Amsterdamse grachten kleuren de eerste bladeren aan de bomen al een beetje rood .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Zaterdag 26 september : Herfstige bloemen op landgoed Huys te Warmont in Warmond .
© NU.nl / Gin Sahara
Zaterdag 26 september : Stormschade in Vlissingen .
© Nu.nl / Amc van Iersel
Zaterdag 26 september :
De eerste paddenstoelen laten zich al zien in het Drents - Friese Wold .
© NU.nl / Mike
Vrijdag 25 september :
Het is hondenweer aan de Zeeuwse kust in Vlissingen .
© NU.nl / Amc van Iersel
Vrijdag 25 september : Een oer - Hollands plaatje bij de Vecht in Ommen .
© NU.nl / Harry Slagter
Vrijdag 25 september : Zonsopkomst bij de brandtoren op het Rozendaalse Veld .
© NU.nl / Marco Reyers
Donderdag 24 september : Deze vogel kijkt toe hoe de lucht boven Haarlem dieporanje kleurt .
© NU.nl / Erna van den Berg
Donderdag 24 september : Deze fraaie herfstdag leent zich perfect voor een herfstwandeling in de bossen van Stiphout .
© NU.nl / Willem van Nunen
Woensdag 23 september : Een bijzondere gast in de tuin : een icarusblauwtje .
© NU.nl / Kim Kalter
Woensdag 23 september :
De zon breekt door boven dit graanveld in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Woensdag 23 september : Deze prachtige vlinder , een dagpauwoog , is een Utrechtse tuin binnengevlogen .
© NU.nl / J.M.
Dinsdag 22 september : Geen wolkje te bekennen bij Parnassia in Bloemendaal aan Zee. © NU.nl / Layla Wijsmuller - Vafi
Dinsdag 22 september : Ook in Vlissingen begint de eerste dag van de herfst mistig .
De zonsopkomst zorgt voor een prachtig plaatje .
© NU.nl / Amc van Iersel
Dinsdag 22 september : Een vredig tafereel in Deventer , waar de dag mistig van start gaat .
© NU.nl / Jan Simmes
Dinsdag 22 september :
De zon komt op in Akersloot , waar mens en dier rustig ontwaken .
© NU.nl / Sjaan Verduin
Maandag 21 september : Een mooie gloed aan de hemel , net na zonsondergang in Deventer .
© NU.nl / Jan Simmes
Maandag 21 september :
De zeilers konden genieten van een warme nazomerdag in Domburg .
© NU.nl / Amc van Iersel
Maandag 21 september : Lage waterstanden in de IJssel vandaag , zoals hier in Gorssel .
© NU.nl / Jan Simmes
Maandag 21 september :
De paarden genoten vanochtend van de eerste zonnestralen in Akersloot .
© NU.nl / Sjaan Verduin
Maandag 21 september :
Het is een mooie nazomerdag in het bos in Leersum .
© NU.nl / Chantal Tol
Maandag 21 september : Prachtige eerste herfstochtend in het Noord - Brabantse Liempde .
© NU.nl / Cissy Jansen
Maandag 21 september :
De nevel op de landerijen in Stiphout zorgt voor een verfrissend mooie ochtend .
© NU.nl / Willem van Nunen
Zondag 20 september : Een prachtige afsluiter van de dag met deze zonsondergang in Leusden .
© NU.nl / Jacky van den Burg
Za 19 september : Deze halsbandparkiet eet een druif in Zoo Veldhoven .
© NU.nl / Ron Ekelschot
Vrijdag 18 september : Een laat nest in Loosdrecht .
Deze kuikens doen niet aan social distancing , maar vormen wel een huishouden .
© NU.nl / Chris Meewis
Donderdag 17 september : Avondvliegen van Chinook helicopters van de Koninklijke Luchtmacht , nabij Oirschot .
© NU.nl / Joris van Boven
Donderdag 17 september : Schaapjes op het droge en wollige wolken in de lucht , bij de waddendijk op Terschelling .
© NU.nl / Joop Neven
Donderdag 17 september : 76 jaar na operatie Market Garden werd er vandaag in Groesbeek een kleine herdenking gehouden bij het Glider - monument .
© NU.nl / Piet Spanjers
Donderdag 17 september : Een Hollandse lucht boven Koudekerke .
© NU.nl / Amc van Iersel
Woensdag 16 september : Schaapjes tellen in Zuidoost - Brabant , waar de zon ondergaat .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Woensdag 16 september : Deze vlinder geniet van de laatste zonnestralen van de dag .
© NU.nl / Ton de Jong
Dinsdag 15 september :
De zon verdwijnt achter de Limburgse heuvels bij Epen .
© NU.nl / Hans Kwikkers
Dinsdag 15 september :
De dag begint nog mistig in Schagen , maar het belooft zonnig te worden .
© NU.nl / Atie Vlaar
Dinsdag 15 september : Een magische zonsopkomst in Groesbeek .
© NU.nl / Piet Spanjers
Dinsdag 15 september : Een prachtige zonsopkomst in Stiphout belooft een zonnige dag .
© NU.nl / Willem van Nunen
Maandag 14 september : Een visarend met een prooi nabij Wijhe ( Overijssel ) .
© NU.nl / Frank van Holten
Zondag 13 september :
Ook de kleinste monumenten verdienen een bezoek op Open Monumentendag , zoals dit oorlogsmonument in het Limburgse Mook .
© NU.nl / Piet Spanjers
Zondag 13 september : Genoeg mooie flora en fauna op de Veluwe .
© NU.nl / Gin Sahara
Zondag 13 september : Een prachtige zonnige dag om naar buiten te gaan .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Zaterdag 12 september : Een gouden paddenstoel in de Kennemerduin © NU.nl / Fons van Noorden
Vrijdag 11 september : Een droomachtig landschap in Liempde , Noord - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Cissy Jansen
Vrijdag 11 september : Hollandser dan dit tafereel in Echtenerbrug , Friesland , kan bijna niet .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Vrijdag 11 september : Een voorzichtig zonnetje boven het IJsselmeer in Hoorn .
© NU.nl / Marjon Kaptijn
Donderdag 10 september : Een fraaie zonsopkomst met nevel op de heide in Stiphout .
© NU.nl / Willem van Nunen
Woensdag 9 september : De Amstel in Amsterdam bij zonsondergang .
© NU.nl / Beatrix Toff
Woensdag 9 september : De oefening Falcon Leap wordt uitgevoerd op vliegbasis Eindhoven .
Hier zien we een Lockheed KC - 130J , een transportvliegtuig van de Franse luchtmacht .
© NU.nl / Joris van Boven
Woensdag 9 september : Een prachtige lucht in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Dinsdag 8 september :
Op deze herfstachtige dag waren er veel libelles te zien in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Dinsdag 8 september : Moeder en kalfjes genieten van de rust in het Vechtdal bij Ommen .
© NU.nl / Harry Slagter
Maandag 7 september : Golvende patronen in de Deventerse avondhemel .
© NU.nl / Jan Simmes
Maandag 7 september : Een prachtige start van de dag met deze mooie zonsopgang in Zuid - Holland .
© NU.nl / Erna van den Berg
Maandag 7 september :
Het mooie uitzicht op de skyline van Rotterdam vanaf het Eiland van Brienenoord , waar de wolken de stad naderen .
© NU.nl / Joop Neven
Maandag 7 september : De Brunsummerheide staat nog volop in bloei .
© NU.nl / Sjaan Verduin
Maandag 7 september : Deze vlinderstruik in Brunssum doet haar naam eer aan .
© NU.nl / Jan Middelveld
Zondag 6 september :
Het is nog een oase van rust op de Veluwe , waar enkel dit paard en de fotograaf van de zonsopgang genieten .
© NU.nl / Joey Varga
Zondag 6 september : Zou er een bui gaan vallen in Hendrik Ido Ambacht ?
De donkere wolken dreigen .
© NU.nl / Dre van Diest
Zondag 6 september : Een hoopgevende lucht in Zuidoost - Brabant : de wolken trekken langzaam weg .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Zondag 6 september : De zon komt op in Liempde .
© NU.nl / Cissy Jansen
Zaterdag 5 september : Zonsondergang in Akersloot .
© NU.nl / Sjaan Verduin
Zaterdag 5 september : Zwarte Schotse hooglanders zoeken de verkoeling op in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Zaterdag 5 september : Een bloeiende kardoen gefotografeerd in Terborg .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Vrijdag 4 september : Een twee maanden oude Schotse hooglander in het Leeuwarderbos .
© NU.nl / Bernice Timmers
Vrijdag 4 september :
Het einde van de zomer is nabij , maar hier en daar zijn nog best wat vlinders te zien .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Vrijdag 4 september : Ondanks de zonnebloemen is er weinig zon te zien in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Vrijdag 4 september : Donkere wolken pakken zich samen boven Sint Nicolaasga in Friesland .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Donderdag 3 september :
De lucht is grijs , maar de bloeiende weide is kleurrijk .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Woensdag 2 september : De eerste stranddag in september in Bloemendaal .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Woensdag 2 september : Een kleine vuurvlinder in Akersloot .
© NU.nl / Sjaan Verduin
Woensdag 2 september :
De ochtendzon tijdens een frisse start van de dag in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Dinsdag 1 september : Stapelwolken pakken zich samen boven dit heideveld in Groesbeek .
© NU.nl / Piet Spanjers
Dinsdag 1 september : Een taurosrund trotseert de kou tijdens een mistige ochtend in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Maandag 30 augustus :
De ondergaande zon kleurt de lucht diep oranje in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Maandag 31 augustus : Grazende koeien op een dijkje in het Noord - Hollandse Vijfhuizen .
© NU.nl / Marianne Oosterhof
Maandag 31 augustus : Een grote waterhoos nabij La Spezia in Italië .
© NU.nl / Arnoud Dikker
Zondag 30 augustus : Een prachtige dag op Terschelling .
© NU.
nl / J. Neven
Zondag 30 augustus :
De eerste paddenstoelen van het seizoen bij Deventer .
© NU.nl / Jan Simmes
Zondag 30 augustus : Natte wegen en hier en daar opklaringen in Zuidoost - Brabant .
Zondag 30 augustus : Een surfer alleen in Egmond - Binnen .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Zondag 30 augustus : Een grijze , mistige ochtend in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Zaterdag 29 augustus : Schitterende zonsondergang in Zuid - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Vrijdag 28 augustus : Een indrukwekkende lucht boven Tilburg vanavond .
© NU.nl / Erwin Lakwijk
Vrijdag 28 augustus :
In de bossen bij Groesbeek is de herfst al in aantocht .
© NU.nl / Piet Spanjers
Vrijdag 28 augustus :
De dag begint bewolkt in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Donderdag 27 augustus : Een mooie , winderige ochtend bij de Molendriegang in Stompwijk / Leidschendam .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Woensdag 26 augustus : Op Scheveningen is er nog een flinke storm gaande .
© NU.nl / Erik Rausch
Woensdag 26 augustus : Een zeilboot trotseert storm Francis in Grou .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Dinsdag 25 augustus : Zonsondergang in Boxtel .
© NU.nl / Cissy Jansen
Dinsdag 25 augustus : Een papegaai en een parkiet in Ruurlo .
© NU.nl / Fons van Noorden
Dinsdag 25 augustus :
De wolken drijven over de Kostverlorenvaart in Amsterdam .
© NU.nl / Albert Bakker
Maandag 24 augustus : Deze zwaan geniet nog van de avondzon in Nootdorp .
© NU.nl / Anne van den Heuij
Maandag 24 augustus :
De paarden genieten van het iets koelere weer .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Maandag 24 augustus : Depot Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen weerspiegelt de lucht en de skyline van de stad .
© NU.nl / Frank van Paridon
Maandag 24 augustus : Droog en frisjes met wolkenvelden en enkele opklaringen vanochtend in Zuidoost - Brabant .
© NU.nl / Ben Saanen
Ben Goldacre
Saturday February 21 2009
The Guardian
In a week where our dear Daily Mail ran with the headline “ How using Facebook could raise your risk of cancer ” , I will exercise some self control , and write about drugs instead .
“ Seven hundred British troops seized four Taliban narcotics factories containing £ 50 m of drugs ” said the Guardian on Wednesday .
“ Troops recovered more than 400 kg of raw opium in one drug factory and nearly 800 kg of heroin in another . ”
Lordy that is good .
In the Telegraph , British forces had seized “ £ 50 million of heroin and killed at least 20 Taliban fighters in a daring raid that dealt a significant blow to the insurgents in Afghanistan . ”
Everyone carried the good news .
“ John Hutton , defence secretary , said the seizure of £ 50 m of narcotics would ‘ starve the Taliban of funding preventing the proliferation of drugs and terror in the UK ’ . ”
Well .
First up , almost every paper got both the quantities and the substances wrong , which always feels a bit disappointing from the people we pay to take facts from sources and precis them into a readable and convenient portable paper format .
From the MoD press release ( which is quite a romping read ) three batches of opium were captured , but no heroin : “ over 60 kg of wet opium ” , “ over 400 kg of raw opium ” and “ the largest find of opium on the operation , nearly 800kg ” .
So the army captured 1260 kg of opium .
Opium is not heroin , and it takes about 10kg of opium to make 1 kg of heroin ..
They also found some chemicals and vats .
The opium was enough to make roughly 130kg of heroin .
How much was this haul worth to the Taliban , and exactly how much of a blow will it strike ?
Heroin is not very valuable in itself , because opium is easy to grow and you can turn it into heroin over the course of three simple steps using some school science class chemicals in your kitchen ( or if you prefer , a muddy barn in rural Afghanistan ) .
Heroin becomes expensive because it is illegal , and because there are risks to be taken and incentivised for its production and distribution .
The “ farm gate ” price of 1kg of opium in Afghanistan is $ 100 at best .
I will do this all in dollars , since the best figures are from the UN drugs control programme 2008 world report , and you can watch with amusement as the sub-editors convert my dollar estimates into spuriously precise sterling equivalent figures .
Therefore the 1260kg of opium captured on this raid , in Afghanistan , is worth somewhere near $ 126,000 ( not £ 50 million ) .
What if it had been converted to heroin ?
The price of 1kg of heroin in Afghanistan is not much greater than than the cost of the 10kg of opium you will need to make it , because heroin was invented over 100 years ago , and making it , as I said , really is n’t that difficult .
We could be generous and say that heroin is worth $ 2000 per kg in Afghanistan .
So fine : this would make the army ’s ( potential ) 130 kg of heroin worth about $ 250,000 .
That ’s still not £ 50 m .
Where did this number come from ?
Perhaps everyone was trying to calculate it by using the wholesale price in the UK , assuming that the Taleban ran the entire operation from “ farm gate ” to “ warehouse in Essex ” .
This is a stretch of our generosity but we can give it a go : the wholesale price of heroin in the UK has fallen dramatically over the past two decades , from $ 54,000 per kilo in 1990 to $ 28,000 in 2006 .
That would make our 130kg of ( potential ) heroin worth $ 3.6 million .
We ’re still nowhere near £ 50 million .
Wait : maybe these people seriously think that every sweaty tyke with missing teeth in King ’s Cross selling £ 10 bags is secretly an agent for the Taleban , passing profits on – in full – to Taleban HQ , several thousand miles away .
Even then , UK heroin is $ 71 per gram at retail prices ( down from $ 157 a gram in 1990 ) , so the value of our 130 kg is $ 9 million .
Okay , it ’s only 30 - 50 % pure , so we ’ll be generous : this haul is worth $ 30 million on the streets , or £ 20 million , at absolute best , using individual street level UK retail prices on the gram .
That ’s not £ 50 million .
But the most important thing about figures – once you ’ve actually got them right – is to put them in their appropriate context .
Even if we were generous , would 130 kg less heroin make any difference to the UK market ?
No .
We consume tons and tons of heroin every year , and the heroin in Afghanistan , in any case , is going anywhere and everywhere in the world , not just here .
More importantly , would this seizure make much difference to the Taleban , whichever figure you use : $ 126,000 , or $ 3.6 million , or $ 30 million , or £ 50 million ?
I doubt it .
There are 157,000 hectares ( 100 metres squared ) of opium fields in Afghanistan producing 7,700 tons ( not kilos ) of opium , netting farmers throughout the country about $ 730 million , and that ’s real money in their pocket , not made - up UK street prices on the diluted gram .
The export value of opium , morphine and heroin at border prices in neighbouring countries for Afghan traffickers was worth $ 3.4 billion last year .
Just to remind you : John Hutton is the defence secretary , and he said that the seizure of £ 50 m of narcotics would “ starve the Taliban of funding preventing the proliferation of drugs and terror in the UK ” .
That frightens me , because I trust him to know what ’s going on in a war , and you did n’t even need to do the maths on his figure : this seizure was a tiny drop of theatre in a very , very big ocean .
Please send your bad science to ben@badscience.net
More joy on the same subject with zillions of references from my mate Steve here .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A £ 2 m appeal is being made to rehouse the UK's leading Braille printing press and protect its long - term future .
The Royal Blind 's Scottish Braille Press was built in the 1960s and needs to be rebuilt and fitted with state - of - the - art printing equipment .
The press is a leading provider of the UK's Braille books , magazines and other printed materials .
Best - selling author Ian Rankin , whose son goes to the Royal Blind School , is giving his backing to the campaign .
This year is the 200th anniversary of the birth of Louis Braille , whose invention in 1821 of a writing system based on embossed dots has had a profound effect on the lives of millions of people worldwide ever since .
To mark the anniversary , and the appeal , the Press is printing a Braille version of Rankin 's Death is Not the End .
Even today , 96 % of books never become available in formats that people with sight problems can read
John Godber ,
RNIB
In geographical terms , Braille is the most widely used language in the world .
Though it has been adapted to suit native tongues across the globe , its core system of embossed dotted characters remains the same everywhere enabling visually impaired people to read .
Ian Rankin is calling for more creative works to be made available to the visually impaired .
He said : " The gateway to education and inspiration that Braille represents can never be under - estimated .
I support anything that can be done to improve access to reading in all formats from Braille to large print .
" It is vital that we support organisations like the Braille Press and Royal Blind and the important role they fulfil for people all over the country . "
Braille was invented in 1821 John Godber , of the Royal National Institute of Blind People ( RNIB ) , said : " It 's important that pioneering work continues to ensure Braille technology keeps up with the hi-tech age we live in , and is able to meet the demand for a wider range of Brailled items .
" Even today , 96 % of books never become available in formats that people with sight problems can read .
The public 's support is vital for this to change . "
Richard Hellewell , chief executive of Royal Blind - which runs the Edinburgh school , the press and a care home for older people - said : " The ability to read and write is an extremely important gateway to opportunity for the UK's blind or partially sighted people , enabling them to be more independent . "
He said National Braille Week ( 4 - 10 January 2009 ) was a great way to raise awareness and inspire support for Braille .
You And Yours will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 at 1200 GMT on Monday , 5 January 2008 .
You can also listen to it for several days after that atBBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This marks another milestone in the very long history of this web server .
Back in the 90's this was the Netscape Enterprise Server , which later morphed into the iPlanet Web Server during the Sun|Netscape Alliance .
After some years it was renamed the SunONE Web Server and most recently renamed again to the JES Web Server ( Sun just like to keep you confused , thus the constant renaming of the product ! )
Last year when Sun acquired MySQL I did a tour of a few of the campuses meeting different engineers to see what they did with Sun .
At some point last year I met up with a group in Menlo Park who had been working on a webserver at Sun .
Low and behold it was the evolutionary grandchild of what was the Netscape Enterprise Server .
After talking to the engineers I wrote a few internal letters to see if we could push the code out as BSD so that others could learn / use / maybe even migrate if they wanted to .
I am happy to say that Sun has decided to make the release happen :
Whether or not this is the first project Sun has published under the BSD license or not I am unsure of ( thought many think it is ... but seeing who one of the founders of Sun was , would n't it be odd if it was ? )
Link to the project http://blogs.sun.com/jyrivirkki/date/20090113
And yes for those who also ask , I 've had no luck getting ZFS moved to the GPL , let alone the BSD license .
But I will keep asking internally :)
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
For fans wanting even more ways to stay connected and in the know on PlayStation news and updates , we launched a new original program , PULSE presented by PlayStation Network available on PlayStation.com .
PULSE , a part of our continuous push to provide original video programming , is a video showcase about what ’s happening in the world of PlayStation .
The program features new Blu-ray disc and PlayStation Network releases from the PlayStation Store , including games , demos , movies and television series available for your PS3 and PSP .
Check out PULSE at work , at home , or on the go with the PSP , appearing every other week on PlayStation.com .
We hope you enjoy the show .
Unprecedented German tax scandal has intelligence connection
January 27 , 2009 by intelNews
By JOSEPH FITSANAKIS | intelNews.org |
Klaus Zumwinkel was until recently the CEO of Deutsche Post , Germany ’s now - privatized postal company , which is said to be the world ’s largest logistics corporation .
Early yesterday morning , Zumwinkel was given a two - year suspended sentence and fined € 1 million for systematically evading taxes “ with criminal energy ” , as the presiding judge put it .
The disgraced former CEO is thus far the highest - profile offender in what has become the largest financial crime scandal in German history .
The affair involves nearly 1,000 names of wealthy investors , celebrities , and business executives , linked to illegal fund deposits at LLB and LGT Group , two “ no- questions - asked ” banks owned by the Royal family of the tiny alpine tax haven of Liechtenstein .
What is perhaps less known is that the investigation , which now incorporates thousands of individuals in at least a dozen countries , began through a tip received by Germany ’s foreign intelligence service .
Specifically , in 2006 , a mysterious informant approached Germany ’s Bundesnachrichtendienst ( BND ) agency , offering to sell a DVD containing the names of hundreds of tax - evading LLB and LGT Group clients .
After receiving and evaluating the authenticity of a number of samples from the DVD , BND agents were granted permission from the German Minister of Finance to purchase the entire disk .
The cost of the purchase was upwards of € 4.5 million – that is , nearly $ 6 million .
The seller has since been identified as Heinrich Kieber , who apparently came across the information while working as data entry clerk at LGT Group .
It is thought that Kieber sold similar information to authorities of several other nations , including those of the United States .
The former LGT Group data entry clerk is now believed to live under a new identity in Australia , having been granted witness protection status by the BND .
Meanwhile , the BND has come under criticism for sheltering Kieber , who is now wanted by Interpol for having stolen from LGT Group the DVD on which rests the entire tax evasion investigation currently underway by the German authorities .
Juliana Sohn
They 're always called coffins by people who do n't know any better , but they 're transfer cases .
They 're made of aluminum and packed with ice to keep the bodies from decaying over the course of long flights from Iraq or Afghanistan , into Kuwait , to Germany , and then finally to Dover , Delaware .
After the man or woman inside the case is lifted onto a slab table in the Port Mortuary , the case will be cleaned , disinfected , and sent back to the front to await the next son or daughter who needs to be brought home .
That 's the truth of it .
Glad is the wrong word , but I 'm at least relieved by the announcement today that the cases can now be photographed for the first time since 1991 , given the permission of the affected families .
Last year , I spent a long time working on a story called " The Things That Carried Him , " which followed a single dead soldier , Sgt. Joe Montgomery , on his journey from the Baghdad suburb where he was killed to the cemetery just down the street from his mother 's house in Scottsburg , Indiana .
I was moved by every part of the process , but my time in Dover lurched me most of all .
The Port Mortuary is probably the most important unknown building in America .
I would guess that most Americans do n't even know that it exists .
Every single military casualty , no matter the rank or manner of death , is taken there for preparation for burial .
During the height of the war in Iraq , there would sometimes be three or four planeloads filled with cases landing on the adjacent runway every day .
The worst single planeload I heard about carried forty - two cases .
The chaplain who prayed over them told me that he opened his mouth but no sound came out .
He was struck that numb by what he saw .
But the rest of us did n't see it .
We did n't see the three neat rows of cases unlocked from the plane 's shining metal floor .
We did n't see the overlong casket flags wrapped tight around each sharp corner , every fold smoothed out .
We did n't see the cases being lifted , slowly and one at a time , onto the great lift they call the Red Carpet .
And we did n't see the soldiers , sailors , airmen , and Marines salute their dead colleagues before they disappeared into the mortuary .
All of that happened on warm days and cold nights , in rain , in snow , in sunshine — the same moving ritual for every single case , more than 4,000 of them , and all of it was invisible except to the men and women who report to Dover and spend the rest of their lives trying to find something half as meaningful to do .
We did n't see how much we had lost , and we did n't see how well the lost were honored .
And that , for me , compounded the tragedy of war .
We could watch these men and women say goodbye to their loved ones when they were shipped out ; we could watch them fighting in city streets and the desert ; if we looked hard enough , we could even watch them die , driving their Humvee over a hair - trigger plate or taking a bullet to the neck .
We could watch all of those things as though we were the audience to a film that someone else had made , from a distance , but we could n't watch the single event that brought the war home to each and every one of us .
During other parts of the process — the honorable transfer of the casket to the mother or father or wife or husband at some small country airport , the burial of the dead in the ground — the family could always decide whether it wanted photographers there to record the moment .
Nearly all of them choose to do so .
They say yes because they want the rest of us to know at least a little bit how it feels to lose someone so close to us , and because they want the rest of us to know what their children did on our behalf .
Most of all , though , because they would like us to remember , and photographs help people remember .
I keep pictures on my desk .
I look at them when I sit down to work , and I remember Sgt. Joe Montgomery , and I remember his mother , Gail , and I remember his wife , Missie , and I remember his children , three of them smiling around him but now without their dad , and all of them without a single photograph to remind them how he came home , and how much those people at the mortuary cared about him , and how truthful his service was and how true the moment was when he was back where he belonged .
I hope they take pictures of every single case from now on , and I hope they appear on every front page and Web site , and I hope that every time you see one , you remember the thousands you never got the chance to see .
I hope you remember Joey .
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
In announcing the appointments , Mr. Obama was harshly critical of the “ disdain for regulation ” shown by regulatory agencies in recent years and said the country needed “ regulatory agencies ready and willing to enforce the law . ”
He pledged to remake the financial regulatory system to adapt to the challenges of a new century .
“ We will be releasing a very detailed plan on how that regulatory upgrade will take place , ” he said .
Mr. Obama also called for a shift in ethics on Wall Street .
“ We can have the best regulators in the world , but everyone is going to have to ask themselves , not only is this profitable , not only will it lead to a big bonus , but is it right ? ” he said .
“ Does it conform to higher standards in terms of how we operate ? ”
In addition to serving at the S.E.C. , Ms. Schapiro was chairwoman of the Commodities Futures Trading Commission during the Clinton administration , an independent agency created by Congress to regulate trading in commodity futures and the option markets .
Her service at both agencies could suggest that Mr. Obama is considering combining the two regulators , a structure long supported by many experts to streamline market oversight .
Ms. Shapiro , who would be the first woman to head the S.E.C. for a full term , said that the current crisis on Wall Street “ requires an aggressive , systemic response ” to restore trust and protect investors .
She pledged forceful enforcement of current law and said “ thoughtful reform of our regulatory structures ” would be her top priority .
The selection of Mr. Tarullo to fill one of two vacant seats on the Fed ’s board , which is also subject to approval by the Senate , will allow Mr. Obama to begin making his mark on the nation ’s bank .
All of the current board members , including the chairman Ben S. Bernanke , were hand - picked by President Bush .
On Friday , Mr. Obama is expected to announce that Representative Ray LaHood , a Republican from Illinois , will be his transportation secretary .
Stonehenge Beneath the Waters of Lake Michigan [ Image : Standing stones beneath Lake Michigan ?
View larger ] .
In a surprisingly under - reported story from 2007 , Mark Holley , a professor of underwater archaeology at Northwestern Michigan University College , discovered a series of stones – some of them arranged in a circle and one of which seemed to show carvings of a mastodon – 40 - feet of Lake Michigan .
If verified , the carvings could be as much as 10,000 years old – coincident with the post - Ice Age presence of both humans and mastodons in the upper midwest .
[ Image : The stones beneath Lake Michigan ; view larger ] .
In a
The circular images this thing produces are unreal ; like some strange new art - historical branch of landscape representation , they form cryptic dioramas of long - lost wreckage on the lakebed .
Shipwrecks ( like the Tramp , which went down in 1974 ) ; a " junk pile " of old boats and cars ; a Civil War -era pier ; and even an old buggy are just some of the topographic features the divers discovered .
These are anthropological remains that will soon be part of the lake 's geology ; they are our
But down amongst those otherwise mundane human remains were the stones .
[ Image : The " junk pile " of old cars and boat skeletons ; view larger ] .
While there is obviously some doubt as to whether or not that really is a mastodon carved on a rock – let alone if it really was human activity that arranged some of the rocks into a Stonehenge - like circle – it's worth pointing out that Michigan does already have
A representative of the University of Michigan
[ Image : The stones ; view larger ] .
So is there a North American version of Stonehenge just sitting up there beneath the glacial waters of a small northern bay in Lake Michigan ?
If so , are there other submerged prehistoric megaliths waiting to be discovered by some rogue archaeologist armed with a sonar scanner ?
Whatever the answer might be , the very suggestion is interesting enough to think about – where underwater archaeology , prehistoric remains , and lost shipwrecks collide to form a midwestern mystery : National Treasure 3 or Da Vinci Code 2 .
Even Ghostbusters : The Return .
But only future scuba expeditions will be able to tell for sure .
In a surprisingly under - reported story from 2007 , Mark Holley , a professor of underwater archaeology at Northwestern MichiganCollege , discovered a series of stones – some of them arranged in a circle and one of which seemed to show carvings of a mastodon – 40 - feet beneath the surface waters
If verified , the carvings could be as much as 10,000 years old – coincident with the post - Ice Age presence of both humans and mastodons in the upper midwest .
In a PDF assembled by Holley and Brian Abbott to document the expedition , we learn that the archaeologists had been hired to survey a series of old boatwrecks using a slightly repurposed " sector scan sonar " device .
You can read about the actual equipment – a Kongsberg - Mesotech MS 1000 – here
The circular images this thing produces are unreal ; like some strange new art - historical branch of landscape representation , they form cryptic dioramas of long - lost wreckage on the lakebed .
Shipwrecks ( like the , which went down in 1974 ) ; a " junk pile " of old boats and cars ; a Civil War -era pier ; and even an old buggy are just some of the topographic features the divers discovered .
These are anthropological remains that will soon be part of the lake 's geology ; they are our future trace fossils
But down amongst those otherwise mundane human remains were the stones .
While there is obviously some doubt as to whether or not that really is a mastodon carved on a rock – let alone if it really was human activity that arranged some of the rocks into a Stonehenge - like circle – it's worth pointing out that Michigan does already have petroglyph sites and even standing stones A representative of the University of Michigan Museum of Paleontology has even commented that , although he 's skeptical , he 's interested in learning more , hoping to see better photographs of the so - called " glyph stone .
" So is there a North American version of Stonehenge just sitting up there beneath the glacial waters of a small northern bay in Lake Michigan ?
If so , are there other submerged prehistoric megaliths waiting to be discovered by some rogue archaeologist armed with a sonar scanner ?
Whatever the answer might be , the very suggestion is interesting enough to think about – where underwater archaeology , prehistoric remains , and lost shipwrecks collide to form a midwestern mystery : or .
EvenBut only future scuba expeditions will be able to tell for sure .
Newer | Older
This is a guest post by Maine State House Representative - Elect Sean Flaherty .
Flaherty is a 23 year - old Democrat from Scarborough , Maine who defeated a “ well known and highly respected ” incumbent by a vote margin of 56 % - 44 % ” in a town where Republicans outnumber Democrats by more than 6 % . ”
Flaherty says that “ Although the history is n’t complete , I am believed to be the first Democrat to represent District 127 in the Maine State House . ”
Flaherty credits Facebook and the internet as key tools in his campaign strategy .
He shares his Facebook tactics and strategies below .
I did n’t know it at the time , but my speech nominating Sen.
Barack Obama for President at my town ’s Democratic Caucus inevitably changed my life in so many ways .
Although I was living and working in Washington , DC , I had kept my voter registration for five years at my home in Scarborough , ME .
When it came time to vote in the Primaries , I did n’t want to simply vote absentee at the caucus , I wanted to be there .
And after offering myself to the Obama for Maine campaign , I was asked to give the speech on behalf of Senator Obama .
The next morning I sat on the plane back to Washington , DC .
It was about 6:30 am , the flight was to land before 8:00 am , and I was hoping to be back at my desk by 10:00 am .
Somewhere between ordering my orange juice and having to return my tray table to the upright and locked position I thought about something that was announced at the caucus .
“ We still do n’t have a candidate for House District 127 . ”
At the time I thought nothing of it , but now as I sat on the plane , I kept thinking that it was a seat a Democrat can win .
Hell , that ’s a seat I can win .
A few days later , I decided I ’d do it .
I gave my notice at my job , took three different weekend trips to Maine and back to DC to get signatures , donations , and organize , and within 6 weeks officially moved back to my home town .
What was my first move of the campaign ?
Creating a Facebook group – Sean Flaherty For Scarborough .
I invited all of my friends , the ones from my home town , the ones from DC , and even the random people who I barely knew .
The whole point was to spread the word and make it look like I had huge support before I even moved back into the district .
The group we created had a casual picture of me to start – not the typical suit and tie .
The group talked about the fact that I was young and wanted to get involved for other young people – did n’t go on about policy and legislation .
I enabled the wall for people to say things , feel engaged , and know that they could have an impact – instead of making it a static place for simply me to post .
After inviting friends , I wanted to help promote the sight to people I may not be Facebook friends with , but whom I knew .
We “ posted ” the group to my profile , we wrote on the wall so it showed up in facebook feeds .
In fact , I believe that many people were driven to the sight by seeing something about the group , or me , pop up in facebook news feeds .
So activity , not advertising was big in growing the group .
That was the start – Facebook .
It was essential for my campaign despite the fact that very few young voters lived in my district .
In fact , less than 7 % of voters in my district are under 25 , and only 10 % are between 25 - 34 years old !
So how did Facebook help a 23 year old candidate in a district that was more than 80 % age 35 and older ?
Parents .
I ended up hearing in the final days of the campaign , as I went door - to - door , “ Oh yes , my daughter called me and told me to vote for you . ”
In the early days , reaching out to people on Facebook helped to create a buzz , kids end up talking to their parents and it comes up in conversation , and then Viral Marketing takes effect .
Parents talk to other parents at the grocery store , at book clubs , at soccer games , you name it .
Facebook was an easy and early tool used to spread the word and create a buzz .
Although much of the word - of - mouth part of the campaign from young voters to their parents was not solicited ( by that I mean people talked about the race with their parents without me asking them too ) we did use the strategy down the stretch as a GOTV tool .
Here is an example of a message sent to group members of the Sean Flaherty for Scarborough Facebook group :
“ That means that I need your help to reach out to your parents , your friends , your parents neighbors , whoever in Scarborough .
Send your friends an e-mail .
Give you parents a call !
Encourage them to vote Tuesday for our campaign . ”
But where Facebook may have been the most effective was with my early / absentee voting strategy .
We used Facebook to distribute information about campaign news and events , but more importantly , to remind people to sign up to vote early , or if they were away , vote absentee .
About once a week during the final 6 weeks , we sent a message .
Each one concluded with , “ Remember to sign up for your absentee ballot , call now … ” I truly believe this was instrumental in helping to reminded college kids and recent grads like myself , to get their ballot early .
Here is an example of who we pounded the “ Vote Early ” message home :
Subject : Two Ways To Make Sure Your Vote Counts : 1 . ) ABSENTEE BALLOT
It ’s not too late to get your Absentee Ballot , but we are getting close .
Call Scarborough Town Hall TODAY at 730-4020 to have them send you a ballot .
It takes a few days to mail , and a few days to get back , so you need to make sure you vote by next week to make sure they get your ballot in time .
2 . ) EARLY VOTING AT TOWN HALL
If you are local , you can Vote Early at Town Hall during normal business hours to avoid the lines on election day , and even if you ’re not registered yet , you can go up , register and vote all at the same time .
Above all , make sure you vote !!
Call 730-4020 to make sure you get sent your absentee ballot before it ’s too late !
Facebook was also key in reaching out to the absentee voters who I did n’t know .
Each week , the town clerks in Maine would forward to the State Parties complete lists of people who had applied for an Absentee Ballot .
The State Party said to call all these folks or send them a brochure .
And I did just that .
But the first thing that I did was highlight every single voter who was between the ages of 18 and 29 .
Then , I went onto Facebook , searched for their name , and sent them a message .
The text of the message was simple :
“ My name is Sean Flaherty , I ’m a Scarborough High School graduate of the class of 2003 , and am now a candidate for the Maine State Legislature .
I ’m reaching out to Scarborough voters any way I can – going door to door , making phone calls , and yes , even using Facebook – to let voters know about the issues that are important to me .
I believe Augusta needs more young people to get involved and stand up for issues important to our generation .
That ’s why in April , I decided to run to represent Scarborough . ”
For those voters I knew , I added a personal message .
For those I did n’t , I invited them to check out my website and contact me .
Several voters were people from High School I never knew , but were excited about my campaign .
They , in turn , helped to spread the word , talk to their parents and friends , joined the Facebook group , and best of all , voted for me !
This was a key and easy way to reach young voters who responded simply to another young person , the fact that I was using Facebook , and my urging them to contact me to let me know their issues was important .
Some folks added me as a friend , some even did ask me specific questions .
Lastly , Facebook helped to keep me connected to my strong supporters who lived outside of Maine .
I have so many great friends from my years at GWU and in Washington , DC .
I used Facebook to send them updates and solicit help with making phone calls .
My friends from away ended up making hundreds of calls to voters in my district on my behalf , and all it took to get them to help was a Facebook Message to the Flaherty For Scarborough group asking for folks to make 20 calls or so .
I ’d usually throw in the appeal to make phone calls in the PS , as to not distract from the need for people from Scarborough to take action easily with their own parents and friends :
“ PS : Even if you are not from Scarborough , but would like to help with one final push – send me a message and I ’ll send you a list of just 5 people to call .
It will take 15 minutes and could be the difference . ”
After the election , a Town Council candidate , who did not win his seat , e-mailed me on Facebook and asked me what I did to help my campaign with Facebook .
It was clear that he also knew , from his own kids , how successful I had been and knew of my ability to utilize the often underutilized tool of Social Networking .
Facebook was n’t the only reason I got elected .
I knocked on thousands of doors , spent hours and hours with a phone stuck to my ear , and had over $ 5,000 worth of direct mail spent for the campaign .
But , Facebook was a big part of helping to spread the message , mobilize the youth vote , and get help for traditional campaign tactics like phone banking .
I would recommend to every candidate , young and old , to utilize Facebook as an additional tool in helping to earn an election night victory .
Learn more about Rep. - Elect Flaherty at his website www.SeanFlaherty.org or on Facebook by searching for “ Sean Flaherty For Scarborough . ”
Reader Ila
Bhat writes in :
I do n’t know if this comment will ever make it to your blog but I ’m writing it anyway in the hope more of your readers will understand that terrorism is not just that which comes from Kasab ’s gun .
Someone I know was ill - fated to be at both the Oberoi on 26/11 and the Intercontinental last week , when the SS attacked the hotel .
He recalled breaking out in a sweat thinking it was happening all over again .
he thought he was the ultimate resilient Mumbaikar and was most gung - ho after 26 / 11 , but after this latest incident landed up having to visit a shrink .
He recounted the horrors of those first minutes when the Sainiks started their assault .
He is a 3rd generation Marathi Mumbaikar and has voted in the past for the SS .
Never again , says he .
In a city still scarred by 26 / 11 , the Thackeray cousins have been granted taxpaid security to wreak havoc and terrorise .
How different are they from Kasab ?
On the one hand , I ’d be wary of drawing a moral equivalence between the Shiv Sena and the Lashkar : The Sena does n’t go around shooting people with machine guns , or setting off bombs in crowded marketplaces .
( Well , not yet . )
On the other hand , let ’s look at the definition of terrorism according to Merriam - Webster : “ The systematic use of terror especially as a means of coercion . ”
What else do these loony right - wing groups , the Shiv Sena and the Bajrang Dal and their offshoots , do if not this ?
In the last few days , we have had :
1 ] Women beaten up in a Mangalore lounge - bar because drinking and spending time with boys was considered un - Hindu .
2 ] Vandalism on the Mumbai University campus “ over a perceived injustice to the Marathi language . ”
3 ] An attack on a Pune theatre for showing a Kannada film .
4 ] An attack on North Indians in Nashik for daring to sing Bhojpuri songs .
5 ] The forced changing of a shop ’s name from Karachi Sweets to Jai Shri Krishna Sweets .
Is this not “ the systematic use of terror especially as a means of coercion ” ?
And in all these cases , some of the accused might get arrested , but are released in no time and are back in business .
As I ’d once written , mobs in India have the license to do as they please if they do it under the banner of politics or religion .
If you and I go and vandalize a hotel lobby or beat up women in a lounge bar , you can bet we ’ll be thrown into jail , and rightfully so .
But if we do it under the pretext of defending our culture or our religion , then anything goes .
The rule of law , in such situations , is a joke .
It has become clichéd to talk of the ‘ Resilience ’ of Mumbaikars .
I think that ’s the wrong quality to speak of .
Shall we talk ‘ Apathy ’ instead ?
Added The Force - A- Nature , The Sandman , and Bonk !
Added 35 new Scout achievements
Added crit boosted on / off sound effects
Added new sounds for upgraded teleporters
Added new sound for a fully charged medic dying
Add bonus points section to scores
Scouts earn a bonus point for killing Medics who are actively healing a target
Added several new speech concepts , mostly hooked up to new Scout lines
Added new " Remember last weapon between lives " option to the Multiplayer Advanced dialog
Spies can now control which weapon the enemy team sees them holding .
Hitting the " last disguise " key while disguised updates the disguise to show the Spy 's currently held weapon
Added several new Arena mode announcer speech events .
Added " First Blood " to Arena mode
Removed 2 x item respawn times in arena
Changed backstab handling to fix facestabs
Spies disguised as enemy team can now see player IDs for enemies
Added community maps : cp_egypt , arena_watchtower , and cp_junction
Updated cp_fastlane with Arttu 's new version
Added new input for forward speed modifier to FuncTrainTrain
Added TeleportToPathTrack input to func_tracktrain
Fixed a bug where players would sometimes gib from non -gib damage kills
Fixed stat screen showing an entry for a class called " map . "
Fixed item model panels not using team skins
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :- Fixed obscure bug where spectators were able to carry the flag
Creator Yoshimizu 's former home to be remodeled as Konata character 's home
Over the first three days of the new year , an estimated 300,000 visitors are coming to the Washinomiya Shrine , the Tokyo area 's oldest shrine and a real - life backdrop for the Lucky Star anime series .
Otaku have been flocking to this shrine since the 2007 anime featured Kagami and Tsukasa Hiiragi — twin sister characters who supposedly work at the shrine as miko ( shrine maidens ) .
This year 's attendance estimate is 130,000 higher than the attendance at last year 's festivities .
To mark the occasion , the Good Smile character goods company offered exclusive O - Nenga ( New Year 's Greetings ) Capsule versions of its Lucky Star Nendoroid Petit figures .
The Brother hardware maker raffled off the official Lucky Star MyMio multi-function printer , a P - touch label - writer , and an original MyMio x Lucky Star clear file to people who filled out a questionnaire .
The local Saitama Shimbun paper printed a special edition with a sightseeing guide , an interview by manga creator Kagami Yoshimizu , and a new four - panel comic by him .
Bandai offered special presents to people who bought Gashapon character items during New Year 's Eve and the following three days .
As they have in the past , the local merchants offered 12 different ema - style phone straps in shops scattered ( PDF file ) across the shrine 's entire town .
( Ema are the traditional wooden plaques that contain written wishes from shrine visitors . )
The Akibahobby website posted pictures from the site maintainer 's New Year 's Day visit to the shrine .
Akihabara Channel also visited the area and reports on the Lucky Star cafe , which was newly built to resemble a Japanese classroom .
Just east of Washinomiya , the Satte City Chamber of Commerce and Industry is renovating Yoshimizu 's former home to resemble the home of Lucky Star 's main character , Konata Izumi .
Saitama Shimbun reports that the association is planning to reopen the " birthplace " of Lucky Star as a new mecca for fans this spring .
Yoshimizu himself moved out of the house in last May , but the association has been leasing it ever since for free .
The half - year lease started in December , and the association is exploring the possibility of extending it beyond that .
The plan is to take Yoshimizu 's own former room on the first floor and turn it into Konata 's room .
Nearby will be the room renovated as the character Yutaka Kobayakawa 's room and a gallery of Yoshimizu 's original illustrations and handwritten memos .
The room of Konata 's father Sōjirō and their living room will be replicated on the second floor .
The desks , chairs , tables , and other furniture in the anime will be reproduced as closely as possible .
The site will be open on Saturday , Sundays , holidays , and Japan 's traditional seasonal breaks .
Source : Danny Choo , Canned Dogs , Tokyo Shimbun
Anime News Network 's collection of New Year 's greetings has grown to include pictures from 35 anime / manga groups and creators , with at least five more to be added on Friday afternoon .
Update : ANN's has added five new images to the New Year 's greeting collection for a total of 40 .
I ’m not going to give you the old , if we do n’t save the environment , we ’re just signing a death wish for our [ great ] * grandchildren .
I ’m just going to list out a couple of reasons I give people during conversations on why we should save the environment .. here they are :
Angle Brackets and Curly Braces
ScalaTest 0.9.4 Released
by Bill Venners
December 25 , 2008
Summary
The latest version of ScalaTest , a testing tool for Scala and Java developers , includes a concise way to test private methods and support for behavior - driven development .
Advertisement
On Christmas Eve I finally made another release of ScalaTest .
During the six months since the previous release I had been quite busy with getting the Programming in Scala book out the door .
I did keep working on ScalaTest during that time , with most time spent designing a way to do behavior - driven development with ScalaTest .
This process involved trying many , many different ways to do Spec s and matchers .
Trait Spec is a subtrait of Suite , so you run it just like any other ScalaTest suite .
The matchers are not included in this release , but should be in the next release .
If you want a sneak peak you can see ScalaTest matchers in action in the source code released in the 0.9.4 distribution zip file .
ScalaTest 0.9.4 also includes a PrivateMethodTester trait , which provides a concise way to test private methods .
To use it , you first create a PrivateMethod object , like this :
val decorateToStringValue = PrivateMethod [ String ] ( ' decorateToStringValue )
The val defines a variable , named decorateToStringValue ( the name of the private method you 'd like to test ) , which is initialized with a reference to the PrivateMethod object created by the expression on the right of the equals sign .
The String in square brackets is a type parameter .
( Scala uses square brackets for type parameters instead of the angle brackets used by Java , C# , C++ , etc .
Thus in any of these other languages you 'd see < String > instead of [ String ] .)
This type parameter indicates the result type of the private method you want to test .
The ' decorateToStringValue is called a symbol in Scala .
It is a essentially a special kind of string that starts with a tick mark and ends with the first non-identifier character .
Symbols provide a concise way to talk about the symbols of your program , in this case , the name of a private method you want to invoke .
Given this syntax , Scala will invoke a method named apply on the PrivateMethod " singleton object . "
This is analogous to invoking a static method named apply on class PrivateMethod in Java .
So the Scala compiler will rewrite the previous code to this :
val decorateToStringValue = PrivateMethod.apply [ String ] ( ' decorateToStringValue )
In this case apply is a factory method that instantiates a PrivateMethod instance that is parameterized with the result type and knows the name of the private method you wish to test .
To actually test the private method , you use the invokePrivate operator , like this :
val result = targetObject invokePrivate decorateToStringValue(1 )
Here , targetObject is a variable or singleton object name referring to the object whose private method you want to test .
You pass the arguments to the private method in the parentheses after the PrivateMethod object .
The result type of an invokePrivate operation will be the type parameter of the PrivateMethod object , thus you need not cast the result to use it .
( In this case , the Scala compiler will infer the type of result to be String . )
In other words , after creating a PrivateMethod object , the syntax to invoke the private method looks like a regular method invocation , but with the dot ( . ) replaced by invokePrivate .
The private method is invoked dynamically via reflection , so if you have a typo in the method name symbol , specify the wrong result type , or pass invalid parameters , the invokePrivate operation will compile , but throw an exception at runtime .
Version 0.9.4 also has several other minor changes , and a few deprecated features .
For the complete details , and to download , go to :
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Be the first to post a comment about this weblog entry .
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bill Venners adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bill Venners is president of Artima , Inc. , publisher of Artima Developer ( www.artima.com).
He is author of the book , Inside the Java Virtual Machine , a programmer - oriented survey of the Java platform 's architecture and internals .
His popular columns in JavaWorld magazine covered Java internals , object - oriented design , and Jini .
Active in the Jini Community since its inception , Bill led the Jini Community 's ServiceUI project , whose ServiceUI API became the de facto standard way to associate user interfaces to Jini services .
Bill is also the lead developer and designer of ScalaTest , an open source testing tool for Scala and Java developers , and coauthor with Martin Odersky and Lex Spoon of the book , Programming in Scala .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Bill Venners .
All rights reserved .
+ 18
Text description provided by the architects .
Villa Berkel in Veenendaal ( Netherlands ) is built on a site formerly occupied by a bungalow dating from the nineteen seventies .
The owners wanted to remodel the bungalow , but decided on the advice of Paul de Ruiter to demolish the bungalow and make room for a completely new design .
BUILDING PLOT
The woods around the villa are dark , which means it is important to ensure that as much light can enter the house as possible .
However , the more glass is used in a building , the more difficult it is to maintain the dividing line between inside and outside , private and public .
Therefore the building plot is divided into three long strips at right angles to the road .
The bottom and southernmost strip is reserved for the garden , the middle strip contains the villa itself and the most northern strip offers access to the house : this is where the drive , parking space and the entrance are located .
This layout of the site means that those parts of the house that the residents prefer to keep private are out of sight .
LIVING ZONES
The layout of the site is repeated in the floor plan of the house .
This is also divided into three strips over the 30 - metre length of the villa .
To ensure both openness and liveability , the floor plan is split .
The eastern section , at the street side , contains the more ‘ public ' functions : the entrance , study , kitchen and living ; while the western section , furthest removed from the street , is reserved for the more intimate activities : a corridor that acts as TV lounge , the bedrooms and the bathroom .
This means that the character of the functions gradually becomes more intimate .
Each function has its own zone within the house , which can be cut off by means of translucent sliding walls .
LIVING IN THE GARDEN
To create openness and lightness and tot give the residents the feeling living outside in the green , the house is entirely oriented to the secluded garden at the south .
Every room in the villa looks directly out on to this garden , because three of the four façades are made of glass .
The spacious wooden terrace forms a room outdoors , partly covered by a wooden awning supported by steel brackets that taper upwards .
This gives it the appearance of floating above the ground .
Ponds have been laid on both sides of the villa , so that the house here , too , appears to be raised above ground level , emphasising the lightness of the building .
For a long time now I ’ve been obsessed with suburban and exurban master - planned communities and how to make them better .
But as the economy and the mortgage crisis just seem to get worse , and gas prices continue to plunge , the issues around housing have changed dramatically .
The problem now is n’t really how to better design homes and communities , but rather what are we going to do with all the homes and communities we ’re left with .
In urban areas , there ’s rich precedent for the transformation or reuse of abandoned lots or buildings .
Vacant lots have been converted into pocket parks , community gardens and pop-up stores ( or they remain vacant , anxiously awaiting recovery and subsequent conversion into high - end office space condos ) .
Old homes get divided into apartments , old factories into lofts , old warehouses into retail .
Projects like Manhattan ’s High Line show that even derelict train tracks can be turned into something as valuable to citizens as a vibrant public park .
A brownfield site in San Francisco has been cleaned up and will house an eco-literacy center for the city ’s youth .
Hey , even a dump ( Fresh Kills , on Staten Island ) is undergoing a remarkable metamorphosis into a recreation area .
But similar transformation within the carefully delineated form of a subdivision is not so simple .
These insta-neighborhoods were not designed or built for flexibility or change .
So what to do with the abandoned houses , the houses that were never completed or the land that was razed for building and now sits empty ?
Take as an analogous example their symbiotic partner , the big box store .
As I learned in artist Julia Christensen ’s new book , “ Big Box Reuse , ” when a big box store like Wal - mart or Kmart outgrows its space , it is shut down .
It is , apparently , cheaper to start from scratch than to close for renovation and expansion , let alone decide at the outset to design a store that can easily be expanded ( or contracted , as the case may be ) .
So not only does a community get a newer , bigger big box , it is also left with quite an economic and environmental eyesore : a vacant shell of a retail operation , tons of wasted building material and a changed landscape that ca n’t be changed back .
The silver lining in Christensen ’s study are the communities she ’s discovered that have proactively addressed the massive empty shells they ’ve been left with , turning structures of anywhere from 20,000 to 280,000 square feet into something useful : a charter school , a health center , a chapel , a library .
( And , in Austin , Minn. , a new Spam Museum . )
The repurposing of abandoned big - box stores is easier to wrap one ’s head around : one can envision within a single volume ( albeit a massive one ) the potential to become something else .
But exurban communities are a unique challenge .
The houses within them are big , but not generally as big as , say , Victorian mansions in San Francisco that can be subdivided into apartments .
So they ’re not great candidates for transformation into multi-family rental housing .
I did visit a housing development last year that offered “ quartets , ” McMansions subdivided into four units with four separate entrances .
These promised potential buyers the status of a McMansion with the convenience of a condominium , but the concept felt like it was created more to preserve the property values of larger neighboring homes than to serve the needs of the community ’s residents .
There has been a nationwide shift toward de-construction ( led by companies like Planet Reuse and Buffalo Reuse , the surgical taking - apart of homes to salvage the building materials for reuse , but often the building materials used in these developments are n’t of good enough quality to warrant salvaging .
I do n’t have the perfect solution for how to transform these broad swaths of subdivisions , and while I ’ve heard much talk of the foreclosure tragedy , I ’ve heard nary a peep about what to do about it .
A recent article in The Times spotted an emerging trend of kids usurping the abandoned pools of foreclosed homes for use as temporary skate parks .
( Interestingly , this was big in the ‘ 70s , as you can see by watching the rad skate documentary “ Dogtown and Z - Boys . ” )
It ’s a great short - term strategy for adolescent recreation ( and for ridding neighborhoods of fetid pools , which often harbor West Nile virus ) , though it ’s not a comprehensive solution to the problem of increasingly abandoned , ill - maintained and more dangerous streetscapes .
But there are some interesting avenues to be pursued .
Part of President - elect Obama ’s proposed massive public works program , for example , is to be dedicated to clean tech infrastructure .
Included in this is the intent to weatherize ( that is , make energy - efficient ) one million low - income homes a year .
One can already see how those in the construction industry can begin to make the shift from new construction to home retrofitting .
It ’s the centerpiece of “ The Green Collar Economy : How One Solution Can Fix Our Two Biggest Problems , ” the best - selling , Al Gore - and Nancy Pelosi - endorsed book by environmental activist Van Jones .
Though we hear a lot in the news about new LEED ( Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design / ) buildings and incentives for implementing the latest green technology , it ’s often the case that fixing leaks and insulation are just as effective in reducing the carbon footprint of single - family homes ( which account for about 18 percent of the country ’s carbon footprint ) .
As people increasingly stay put — and re-sell homes less — this retrofit strategy makes sense .
Millions of homes , not just low - income ones , are in need of the sort of weatherization the Obama plan describes .
The non-profit Architecture 2030 , established in 2002 in response to the global warming crisis , is leading a major effort in this arena with the goal of dramatically reducing greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions of the building sector by changing the way buildings and developments are planned , designed and constructed .
And after decades of renovation - obsession that has simply gotten out of hand , it seems a prudent time to swap Viking ranges for double - paned windows and high - efficiency furnaces .
It ’s the perfect moment to fix what we ’ve got .
Despite their currently low numbers , green homes typically re-sell for more money than their conventional counterparts .
I still dream that some major overhaul can occur : that a self - sufficient mixed - use neighborhood can emerge .
That three - car - garaged McMansions can be subdivided into rental units with streetfront cafés , shops and other local businesses .
In short , that creative ways are found not just to rehabilitate these homes and communities , but to keep people in them .
Soulja Boy Robbed at Gun Point In His Home
Rapperis keeping relatively quiet about being robbed at gunpoint by six men who entered his Georgia home last Tuesday .
The singer , whose real name isand several of his friends were in the home at the time of the attack .
On Wednesday a video turned up on the internet with two masked men claiming to be the robbers .
Not only did they admit to the crime but they also said this is n't the first time they have encountered Soulja Boy .
The criminals said that they " stalked " him at the release party for his latest album iSouljaBoyTellem and followed him to his home after the party .
In the homemade video , the criminals shot down rumors that there were six guns involved and said that they had robbed him with one gun between the two of them .
Not much talk has come out of Soulja 's camp .
His rep has confirmed only that there was a " serious situation " that occurred .
Photo : WENN
Barack Obama has spoken often of sacrifice .
And as recently as a week ago , he said that to stave off the deepening recession Americans should be prepared to face " trillion dollar deficits for years to come . "
But apart from a stirring call for volunteerism in his inaugural address , the only specific sacrifices the president has outlined thus far include lower taxes , millions of federally funded jobs , expanded corporate bailouts , and direct stimulus checks to consumers .
Could this be described as sacrificial ?
What ...
Desperate patients tried to flee a hospital in Gaza City this morning as it became engulfed in flames after being earlier set on fire by an Israeli tank shell , medics and witnesses said .
In scenes of utter panic , patients who had been wounded in the ongoing war in the territory could be seen trying to struggle from their beds , an AFP photographer at the scene said .
At least three prematurely - born babies were being wheeled out of the hospital in their incubators along with three patients who had been on life - support machines .
The sound of Israeli gunfire could also be heard in the neighbourhood where Al - Quds hospital is situated .
Dozens of families had arrived there at dawn loaded down with babies , toddlers and children after scores of Israeli tanks had roared into the area , sparking furious battles with Palestinian fighters .
During the day a deafening cacophany of tank shells , missiles , artillery , helicopter gunships and automatic rifles filled the air as battles unfolded less than 300 metres from the hospital beneath a thick haze of smoke .
Palestinian fighters met the advancing troops with mortar and anti-tank rockets .
Tanks fired shells on the ground and planes hit the area with missiles from above .
Armed Hamas fighters dressed in blue and black uniforms , one of them carrying the green flag of his Islamist movement , ran down a street 100 metres from the hospital , firing Kalashnikov rifles .
As the fighting grew more intense , dozens more families , clutching hurriedly packed bags , had arrived at the hospital and tried to find a spot wherever they could , not knowing the horrors that awaited them .
As the frightened civilians took refuge in the facility , part of the hospital caught fire after an Israeli strike .
The blaze was brought under control in the medical area but not in the administrative building .
Officials at the hospital said the blaze had been caused by a phosphorus shell , hampering efforts to extinguish the flames .
The attack put about 500 patients and medical staff at risk , according to the international Red Cross , while a doctor inside said they were trapped .
" The Israelis are bombing and attacking all around the hospital .
We can't get out .
There 's fire , and we 're trapped inside .
The water has been cut off , " French doctor Regis Garrigue told AFP by telephone earlier in the day .
The hospital was hit after around 12 hours of " incessant " bombing , said Dr Garrigue , the president and founder of the French medical aid agency " Help Doctors , " was trapped in the building .
The collapse of the entire wing of a building triggered a moment of panic among the sheltering patients and families and sparked the blaze .
" I can't even describe the horror of that moment , " Dr Garrigue said .
The events unfolded on the 20th day of the largest Israeli offensive ever launched on Gaza , which saw heavy fighting as Israeli tanks barrelled into the centre of Gaza City .
Around the same time the people took shelter in the hospital , two cameramen for Abu Dhabi television were wounded when an Israeli strike hit a building in Gaza City housing several international and Arab media outlets , witnesses said .
And the UN partially suspended its operations in Gaza after Israeli shells smashed into its compound , setting fire to warehouses holding badly - needed aid .
Meanwhile , Bashar Murad , a doctor and the head of the ambulance services for the Red Crescent , waited helplessly .
" I have three dead bodies at 500 metres , but I can't get to them , " he said .
" I have numerous wounded less than a kilometre away , but I can't move without authorisation , " Dr Murad said .
Before the ambulances can move anywhere , the International Committee of the Red Cross must call the Israeli army and receive a green light , he said .
- AFP
Barring a reprieve , regulations set to take effect next month could force thousands of clothing retailers and thrift stores to throw away trunkloads of children ’s clothing .
The law , aimed at keeping lead - filled merchandise away from children , mandates that all products sold for those age 12 and younger -- including clothing -- be tested for lead and phthalates , which are chemicals used to make plastics more pliable .
Those that have n’t been tested will be considered hazardous , regardless of whether they actually contain lead .
“ They ’ll all have to go to the landfill , ” said Adele Meyer , executive director of the National Assn. of Resale and Thrift Shops .
The new regulations take effect Feb. 10 under the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act , which was passed by Congress last year in response to widespread recalls of products that posed a threat to children , including toys made with lead or lead - based paint .
Advertisement
Supporters say the measure is sorely needed .
One health advocacy group said it found high levels of lead in dozens of products purchased around the country , including children ’s jewelry , backpacks and ponchos .
Lead can also be found in buttons or charms on clothing and on appliques that have been added to fabric , said Charles Margulis , communications director for the Center for Environmental Health in Oakland .
A child in Minnesota died a few years ago after swallowing a lead charm on his sneaker , he said .
But others say the measure was written too broadly .
Among the most vocal critics to emerge in recent weeks are U.S. - based makers of handcrafted toys and handmade clothes , as well as thrift and consignment shops that sell children ’s clothing .
“ We will have to lock our doors and file for bankruptcy , ” said Shauna Sloan , founder of Salt Lake City - based franchise Kid to Kid , which sells used children ’s clothing in 75 stores across the country and had planned to open a store in Santa Clara , Calif . , this year .
Advertisement
There is the possibility of a partial reprieve .
The Consumer Product Safety Commission , which is responsible for enforcing the law , on Monday will consider exempting clothing and toys made of natural materials such as wool or wood .
The commission does not have the authority to change the law but can decide how to interpret it .
But exempting natural materials does not go far enough , said Stephen Lamar , executive vice president of the American Apparel and Footwear Assn .
Clothes made of cotton but with dyes or non-cotton yarn , for example , might still have to be tested , as would clothes that are cotton - polyester blends , he said .
“ The law introduces an extraordinarily large number of testing requirements for products for which everyone knows there ’s no lead , ” he said .
Clothing and thrift trade groups say the law is flawed because it went through Congress too quickly .
By deeming that any product not tested for lead content by Feb. 10 be considered hazardous waste , they contend , stores will have to tell customers that clothing they were allowed to sell Feb. 9 became banned overnight .
Advertisement
These groups say the law should be changed so that it applies to products made after Feb. 10 , not sold after that date .
That would take action by Congress , however , because the Consumer Product Safety Commission ’s general counsel has already determined that the law applies retroactively , said commission spokesman Scott Wolfson .
The regulations also apply to new clothing .
That wo n’t be a problem for large manufacturers and retailers , industry experts say , but it will be a headache for small operators such as Molly Orr , owner of Molly O Designs in Las Vegas .
Orr has already produced her spring line of children ’s clothes .
She says she ca n’t afford the $ 50,000 it would cost to have a private lab test her clothing line , so she ’s trying to sell her inventory at a steep discount before Feb. 10 .
After that , she is preparing to close her business .
Advertisement
“ We have a son with autism , so we are all about cleaning up the toxins that our children are exposed to , ” she said .
“ But I think the law needs to be looked at more closely to see how it is affecting the economy in general . ”
Thrift store owners say the law stings because children ’s garments often come in new or nearly new , because children typically outgrow clothing quickly .
Carol Vaporis , owner of Duck Duck Goose Consignment in New Port Richey , Fla. , said her store stocks barely used brand - name clothing from places such as Limited Too and Gymboree .
“ We really provide a service to the community to help people get clothes for their children they otherwise could n’t afford , ” she said .
Advertisement
Families have been bringing more clothes to consignment stores , where they get a chunk of the proceeds , to earn a little cash this winter , she said .
She plans to contact her congressional representatives and senators to ask them to amend the law but says there ’s not enough awareness about the repercussions of the law to force anything to change .
Many retailers and thrift stores appear to be unaware that the law is changing .
Of half a dozen Southern California children ’s thrift stores contacted by The Times , only one had heard of the law .
Organizations such as Goodwill say they ’re still investigating how the law will affect them because there is so much confusion about what will be banned .
Cynthia Broockman , who owns two consignment stores and a thrift shop in Virginia , recently stopped accepting children ’s products for resale .
That raised the ire of a man who was trying to sell his son ’s castoffs there and had not heard of the new rules .
“ I think it ’s not understood by people how sweeping and far - reaching this is , ” she said .
“ The ripples that are going to go forth from this are just astonishing . ”
Advertisement
--
alana.semuels@latimes.com
Today , we have nine clips for the upcoming Ridley Scott ( Gladiator ) film “ , ” which starsand .
The two actors are re-teaming after starring together in “ The Quick and the Dead , ” back in 1995 .
Roger Ferris ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) is the best man U.S. Intelligence has on the ground , in places where human life is worth no more than the information it can get you .
In operations that take him around the globe from Middle East to Washington , Ferris ’ next breath often depends on the voice at the other end of a secure phone line – CIA veteran Ed Hoffman ( Russell Crowe ) .
Waging war from a laptop in the suburbs , Hoffman is on the trail of an emerging terrorist leader who has orchestrated a campaign of bombings while eluding the most sophisticated intelligence network in the world .
To lure the terrorists out in the open , Ferris will have to penetrate his murky world but the closer he gets to the target , the more he discovers that trust is both a dangerous commodity and the only one that will get him out alive .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0O61UWF6-E[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqTr3nxGhpI[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpMbogmLVx8[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXGSsQbLb2A[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKHqSI7aAWo[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-Ep61nvSmc[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_tQb6nB0TE[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9r-OjU_owM[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekubAOK0a5I[/youtube]
“ Body of Lies ” wil be released in theaters on October 10 , 2008 .
Stop Thinking About True Value and Just Buy What You Need
Often times when we buy a product , we get confused with the purpose of the purchase .
Sometimes , we buy something out of impulse , sometimes it ’s based out of necessity but most of the time , it ’s only because we can .
When we set out to buy , we seldom know what we are really looking for other than something general like “ I need a refrigerator ” .
What ends up happening is something we are all familiar with .
We go into the store and talk to the salesperson about fridges .
Almost always , we learn some “ must have ” feature that now becomes the anchor of our search for our perfect refrigerator .
After a while , we end up buying a nice ( but way too expensive ) refrigerator and we justify it by saying “ This is the best value I could find ” .
Confusing Necessity with True Value
The situation is even worst when I am actually somewhat familiar with the product .
When I buy a computer , I end up buying a better one than I originally intended because I can understand the sales pitch about the extra features .
I tell myself that “ oh yeah , that faster processor is extremely important ” only to forget that I was buying a laptop for my wife whom only wants to occasionally surf the web .
Expensive Does n’t Equal Quality
More expensive equal better , or at least that ’s what we think .
After all , there must be a reason that it costs more , or so we though .
We think this way because we are the consumer .
Let ’s for a minute assume the role of the business owner .
We sell a product because we want to make money .
The higher the price , the more money we make because our cost is somewhat fixed .
Therefore , does n’t it make sense that we try to market the product as expensive as possible ?
Now think back to our perception of price and quality .
Where does quality come into the price equation ?
True Value is Personal
It ’s not how many features you get for your dollar but how many dollars you give for the features that you need .
Who cares if that iPod has a huge screen when you only wanted to listen to music ?
Sure , that LCD TV has 1080 p output and it ’s only $ 150 more , but what is 1080 p again ?
Value is becoming a sales term and I do n’t like it .
You should n’t either .
How to Pay Less and Be Happy
Here ’s one tip that everyone should follow when they need to buy something .
Before you do any research , sit down and figure out what you specifically need the product to do and write them down first .
Then , do your research and find the least expensive product that can get the job done .
Forget about the new LCD display on the side door that tells you when the ice cubes will be ready .
Just say “ No Thanks ” .
Editor 's Note : Did you know about the service called $ 5 meal plans ?
For $ 5 a month , they send you recipes of delicious , healthy , yet cheap food that costs just $ 5 a meal .
Several of my friends signed up and they are able to eat at home more because the instructions are easy to follow , making everything convenient .
The deal also comes with grocery shopping lists , which saves them so much time .
Check it out yourself by clicking here and you too may be able to save more and become healthier at the same time .
Ignoring sex education does not appear to be working very well .
Bible studies and pretending as though sex does n’t happen with teens is not a policy .
Would n’t it be nice to see this Congress put an end to the silly abstinence programs that cost so much and deliver consistently bad results ?
Oh wait , we need to be fair to them too despite the facts .
Mississippi now has the nation ’s highest teen pregnancy rate , displacing Texas and New Mexico for that lamentable title , according to a new federal report released Wednesday .
Mississippi ’s rate was more than 60 percent higher than the national average in 2006 , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said .
The teen pregnancy rate in Texas and New Mexico was more than 50 percent higher .
The three states have large proportions of black and Hispanic teenagers — groups that traditionally have higher birth rates , experts noted .
The lowest teen birth rates continue to be in New England , where three states have teen birth rates at just half the national average .
User profile : 177133 Blog Interview Anthony Gold Takes Over As President Of Open Solutions Alliance
This is 177133 Blog Interview Anthony Gold Takes Over As President Of Open Solutions Alliance 's personal page .
177133 Blog Interview Anthony Gold Takes Over As President Of Open Solutions Alliance
Gold is a " Crisis Hedge " not an Inflation hedge
In times of uncertainty investors turn to Gold as a hedge against unforeseen disasters since physical gold is one of the few investments that is not simultaneously an asset and someone else 's liability .
In other words it is a real asset not just an IOU .
With inflation adjusted prices reaching levels we have n't seen since the 1980 peak , there is talk once again of Gold as an " Inflation Hedge " .
But how well does it really work ?
For those who argue that Gold is an inflation hedge all they have to do is look at the chart at the right and they will see that it is not a perfect ( or even imperfect ) inflation hedge .
Simply put if Gold were truly a perfect inflation hedge the red line in the chart would be perfectly flat .
But instead there are significant spikes .
If gold were an inflation barometer why did the inflation adjusted price of gold fall from over $ 2400 in 1980 to $ 364 in 2001 ?
Over that time period 21 years , it lost over 80 % of its value .
At the same time the CPI index went from 82.4 to 177.07 i.e. prices more than doubled .
Historically , gold and money have been pretty much synonymous so pure Gold was immune to inflation .
But that did n't stop currency inflation .
In the early days kings discovered that they could " extend " their money supply by adding just a bit of lead to the melting pot .
Unfortunately , as the percentage of lead increased the value of the coins decreased causing the first cases of inflation .
( And also creating the habit of biting coins to see how soft they were and thus how much lead they contained ) .
Need a few more Gold coins ?
Just throw a little lead in the melting pot ... no one will notice ...
Egyptian Pharaohs issued the earliest gold coins , around 2700 B.C.
But they were primarily as gifts for friends and not for commerce ( i.e. more like medals or commemorative coins ) .
It was n't until ( 560 - 546 B.C. ) , that King Croesus of ancient Lydia began issuing Gold coins for general circulation .
( Incidentally after 2500 years , the saying " rich as King Croesus " is still floating around .
Incidentally , every country that has employed fair Gold coinage has prospered while those that inflated their coinage with " base " metals failed .
One example is Spain .
During the time that Spain was issuing their famous " pieces of eight " it was a world " superpower " but lost that status as it debased its currency .
Gold in the U.S .
Gold circulated as currency unofficially in the U.S. since the beginning ... using coins minted in other countries like the Spanish " Pieces of Eight " .
But the U.S. did not have its own gold coinage .
It was n't until the Coinage Act of 1792 established official U. S. monetary units based on a world Gold price of $ 19.39 per Troy ounce .
Congress changed the gold specification of money in 1834 and again in 1837 when it was set at $ 20.67 per ounce .
From 1805 - 1837 no $ 10 Gold coins were minted .
The U.S. had periods of high inflation during both the Revolutionary and Civil wars because they were not on a " gold standard " and issued " Greenbacks " instead .
In an effort to curtail inflation at the end of the civil war in 1879 , the U.S. government made the " greenbacks " that they had issued during the Civil War convertible into gold putting us on a de facto gold standard .
Finally , in 1900 the government officially adopted the gold standard once again .
By 1914 most countries in the world were on a Gold standard .
From 1880 - 1914 the U.S. dollar official gold price was $ 20.67 per ounce and the U.K. official gold price was £ 4.24 per ounce .
This resulted in an exchange rate of US $ 4.87 per £ 1 Pound Sterling .
This Gold exchange rate was maintained by a complex system of transferring Gold from New York to London .
Creating a system of checks and balances that should have prevented the onset of inflation .
This worked fairly well until other countries began abandoning their Gold standard to finance the First World War .
The U. S. entered the war late and was able to maintain its gold standard .
However because other countries currencies " floated " against the dollar the true value of the dollar also floated and inflation still occurred ( basically other countries were able to export their inflation to the U.S. ) .
Remember at that time people spent gold and silver coins .
Even though the price of Gold was fixed other prices were n't fixed and so the amount of goods people could buy with their Gold could still fluctuate .
Note :
Now we are exporting some of our inflation to China as they send us goods and buy our debt .
See that in the graph the nominal price of Gold from 1913 - 1931 is flat but the inflation adjusted price is not .
This is because the price of gold was fixed by the government .
Once gold was allowed to float freely in the 1970's , if Gold perfectly hedged inflation the inflation adjusted price of gold would be flat .
Notice in the chart " Cumulative Inflation by decade " below that from 1913 through 1920 inflation ( as measured by the CPI ) had increased by almost 98 % ( in other words in 7 years prices had almost doubled ) but the price of Gold remained flat ( by Government decree ) .
Over the next 10 years deflation set in as the roaring 20's unfolded and the US economy boomed and Europe suffered the after - effects of WWI .
Finally , in 1929 the system could not stand the internal stresses and the stock market crashed ushering in the Great depression .
In 1933 , President Franklin Roosevelt realized that the U.S. could not maintain the pretense that Gold was still worth only $ 20.67 per ounce ( because at that price Foreign governments would have bought all our gold ) .
So he perpetrated one of the greatest frauds ever on the American public .
Rather than simply repricing Gold at it 's real price and allowing the citizens to be richer , he forced U.S. citizens to sell their Gold at the official price of $ 20.67 and once he had collected all the Gold into government coffers , he adjusted the price to its real price of $ 35 per Troy ounce .
Thus the government made a handsome 69.33 % profit in a few months ( equivalent to a 69 % tax on Gold owners ) .
Imagine paying a 69 % tax sometime !
This effectively , increased the money supply and " legitimized " the inflation that had silently been occurring behind the scenes as prices increased but gold values did not .
In hindsight , this increase in the money supply may have been the key factor in the emergence from the Depression .
Notice that inflation from 1913 to 1930 was up about 64 % ... is it any coincidence that FDR raised the Gold price 69 % ?
NO !
That one time adjustment just brought the gold price in line with inflation ( plus a 5 % bonus for the government ) .
But that did n't solve the problem permanently .
It just postponed it .
By 1970 inflation was up 306 % and gold was still officially $ 35 an ounce .
Once again the price of gold needed adjusting .
But this time there was no gold in the hands of private citizens for the government to steal .
This put the government in a bind because although US citizens could not own gold , foreign governments could continue to present their foreign exchange tickets at the " gold window " and the US was obligated to pay up in Gold !
And that is exactly what France decided to do .
So in 1971 President Nixon ended the US gold standard pretense .
At that point the price of gold bullion was allowed to float freely and find its own level .
This time rather than take all the Gold from the people ( since they had none ) the Government raised money by allowing the people to buy Gold back at the new higher free market prices .
Thus the government was able to profit once again from the gold FDR stole from its citizens .
Government gold sales had a tempering effect on gold prices for a while as the government liquidated it's " excess " gold bullion .
But by the late 1970 's the government had stopped its gold sales and the price really took off .
Many felt that this rise was in response to inflation fears ( and partly it was ) but partially it was pent up demand and fear , as we will see in a moment inflation does n't necessarily translate into higher gold prices .
But fear of any sort usually does translate into higher gold prices .
In 1980 the price of Gold peaked and the annual inflation rate declined but cumulative inflation climbed steadily upward .
As we can see from the chart above , in 1980 , cumulative inflation since 1913 was 780 % and by the year 2000 cumulative inflation was 1675 % .
If gold were a true inflation hedge , gold would have climbed with it .
But rather than keeping up with inflation the price of Gold fell from the peak of $ 850 per ounce down to under $ 300 in 2001 losing 65 % of its value .
But in inflation adjusted dollars the scene is even worse .
The 1980 peak in current inflation adjusted dollars was over $ 2337 and by 2001 it fell to $ 351 losing a whopping 85 % of its inflation adjusted value !
So even though inflation rose ... gold fell ... because the fear level was low ( and possibly because governments worldwide manipulated the price ) .
Inflation was slow and steady but not enough to cause fear .
So Gold was not a very good inflation hedge !
So why did Gold rise in the new millennium ?
Partially because it is a commodity like all other commodities and demand has picked up from China ( perhaps they got tired of the gold manipulation game ) .
But mostly because fear reentered the market .
And the more fear there is over defaults , inflation , etc. the higher the gold price climbs .
So although Gold is n't a perfect inflation hedge in the short run it is a very good crisis hedge .
When paper can't be trusted , Gold will always retain some value .
What type of fear triggers gold to rise ?
Fear of inflation or that paper assets will return to their intrinsic value ( i.e. zero )
Fear that governments like Greece , Ireland , Iceland , Portugal and yes even the United States will not be able to pay their debts .
Fear that the EU will disband Fear of stock market collapse or instability .
Fear that the housing market will collapse .
Fear of War or Terrorism Fear of Banking Collapse or Corporate Bankruptcy Fear of almost anything
Yes , there is plenty of fear in the market these days to fuel the price of gold .
In addition to Fear ...
Chinese demand may be driving up the price of Gold .
See : Why ( and How ) China is Boosting the Price of Gold for more information .
Another way to measure prices is in terms of another commodity .
See Oil vs .
Gold to get an idea of how much gold is worth in terms of barrels of oil or how much oil is worth in terms of gold .
Connect with Tim on Connect with Tim on
Use our custom search to find more articles like this
Daily Headlines I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S POT BUTTER ! by Marta Spupor'd , ( Source : Vue Weekly )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
Alberta
-------
When I was in the clink , I had to trade favours .
It does n't matter now what I wanted - but let me tell you , minimum security is still prison .
Some of those embezzlement bitches formed tough cliques around the gazebo in the exercise yard .
Since people knew who I was , they came to me with questions .
I could usually refer them to the issue of my award - winning magazine in which they could find the techniques I taught .
In return , I learned about certain ingredients I did n't employ when I started my catering company in Connecticut .
And let me tell you , these additions are a damn good thing .
A suburban housewife hooked me up with some shake so I could make some of my infamous pot butter .
The best thing about pot butter is that you can use up all the stems and leaves that you never felt like rolling up .
If you have a good relationship with your dealer , you might be able to get the inferior ditch weed at a significant discount .
Now , I 'm a smoker who enjoys the head trip .
I love getting new ideas for my empire .
However , sometimes I want a different trip .
Anyone can make tea in a French press or sprinkle hash in a pan of brownies , but properly prepared pot butter will make you curl up on your custom Italian divan and watch that darling Ms Winfrey or The View on TiVo for hours .
Alternatively , a body stone delivers hours of fluid dancing if you stay out of the chill out room .
Remember to stay hydrated .
The first step to pot butter is to dry the weed , either by spreading it out on a cookie sheet over paper towel for 24 hours or popping it in the oven to warm for a half hour .
You 're looking to produce dry powder in the eight dollar coffee grinder - or " bud buster " - that you have co-opted for the purpose .
Portioning is a matter of intent .
If you 're going to snack on a few cookies and watch TV , you 'll make a pound of butter with an eighth of good stuff .
However , if you 're going to feed the girls for a charity ball planning session , a couple of pounds of butter with half an ounce of stems and leaves will do the trick .
Plus , the end result freezes well .
In a large , covered , stainless steel pot , boil the product plus an extra two inches of water for an hour .
Strain out the weed from the water and its load of soluble waxes , tar and chlorophyll which burn you out .
The psychoactive THC does n't come out in the water .
This stage is n't as necessary with quality bud .
Add the same volume of water and bring to a boil , followed by one or two pounds of unsalted , fresh creamery butter .
Margarine is a no- no , even that omega - 3 atrocity , as the CLA - enhanced fats in butter absorb the THC .
Leave the lid off for the first half hour but partially cover it afterwards so you do n't have to continually add water .
Keep it under a boil for anywhere from two to eight hours .
The longer you boil shake , the better .
Keep the hood fan on during this step , burn some jasmine incense and try to ignore the stench .
I usually spark a doob and play Call of Duty 2 , catch up on Something Awful 's Photoshop contests or re-upholster the cushions on my Adirondack chairs .
By the time you 're down , you 'll be ready to lay a sheet of cheesecloth in a fine mesh strainer .
Carefully pour the flow through the strainer and into a large glass mixing bowl , placing the bowl on a flat surface in the refrigerator .
We 'll come back to this .
Half as much hot water in the pot boils , with the cheesecloth , for an hour .
Strain again into another mixing bowl , wrapping all the weed into the cheesecloth and using a press or citrus juicer to extract the most butter .
A bit of clean boiling water will allow one more squeeze .
Throw the steaming mess into the compost or a freezer bag and into the bin .
Put the mixing bowl in the refrigerator with its sister and wait for about an episode of Lost .
Carefully peel off the greenish yellow layer and place it in a shallow glass pan .
Typically , the yield is about three quarters of the original amount of butter , and you can freeze amounts as small as half - cups .
The next stage is up to you !
A movie night goes very well with a half cup of melted butter on an enormous bowl of popcorn .
Use a combination of Bell 's Seasoning and sea salt to help the flavour , and keep a huge mug of chai green tea at hand .
Pot cookies are popular , but I warn you that chocolate chips go manky in storage .
If you 're eating them right away , go ahead or go oatmeal raisin .
Some dried mango will do wonders .
This evening , I made cinnamon rolls .
The dough did n't need butter , but make sure to mop up all the melted brown sugar filling on the plate .
Then , be prepared to be knocked on your ass .
Remember that a body stone is much different than a head stone .
You 'll have a solid six hours on the divan before you straighten out enough to go to bed .
Smoke up and go to sleep , or call a cab : you 're not OK to drive .
You have another couple of groggy hours ahead of you that coffee and night air will not help .
There you have it - Marta Stupor 'd 's Magic Butter .
If you have better bud and do n't have 10 hours , try the quick version of the recipe and enjoy .
Pot butter - it 's a good thing .
Easy Pot Butter
Break up your dried pot as though planning to roll with it .
Melt your butter on low heat ( or in a double boiler ) and add the bud .
Simmer the combination on medium heat until the greenish hues of the pot have all turned brown - perhaps 20 minutes for small batches of an eighth of weed with a pound of butter .
Strain out the herb with cheesecloth , squeezing as much butter as possible from its clutches .
The resulting greenish - brown butter comes pre-melted and perfect for use in both baking and getting baked !
Magic Peanut Butter Squares
Like pot tea or hash brownies , anyone can chow down on ' shrooms or throw them into boiling water .
Why not avoid the entire , horribly - flavoured mess and try some delectable Magic Peanut Butter Squares ?
1/8 oz ( 3.5 g ) psilocybin 12 oz ( 340 g ) butterscotch chips 1 cup smooth peanut butter 1/2 cup butter ( not Magic Butter ) 1 small bag of multicoloured marshmallows
Grind dried magic mushrooms into dust .
Place butterscotch chips into a heavy - bottomed saucepan and cook over low heat until melted .
Stir in the powdered bliss , then add peanut butter and butter .
After they have been well stirred , allow the mixture to cool .
Add marshmallows and put into a buttered eight - inch square pan .
Store in the refrigerator until you just need to try one , and have three .
Put the rest away or feed them to two friends and prepare for six hours of intense visuals .
MAP posted - by : Derek
Share This Article Pubdate : Thu , 05 Apr 2007
Source : Vue Weekly ( CN AB )
Copyright : 2007 , Vue Weekly .
Contact : letters@vue.ab.ca
Website : http://www.vueweekly.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/2918
Author : Marta Spupor'd
I present a new implementation of the stream cipher Trivium designed for cryptanalysts , in particular those interested in applying the “ cube attack ” to Trivium .
It generates 128 simultaneous output streams using SSE2 intrinsics , and achieves under 1 cycle / byte , over four times faster than standard implementations .
The entire program is in Python ; SSE2 machine instructions are generated and called using the tool CorePy , an approach I am happy to recommend to others with similar needs .
The code is under the MIT licence and may be found in this Mercurial repository .
Dinur and Shamir ’s “ cube attack ” caused something of a media storm when it was first presented at a rump session at Crypto 2008 .
The attack may be widely applicable : it takes an extremely general view of the cipher under attack , and can be applied even where the cipher is treated as a “ black box ” into which key and IV bits are put in and output bits result , with no consideration of its internal structure .
Early reports that this attack would break all of our most trusted primitives are false , however – the attack depends on the degree of the polynomial representing the working of the cipher , and for a cipher like AES the degree is far too high for the attack to work .
The one real cipher against which the attack has been applied is Trivium , a personal favourite of mine with real beauty in the design ; astonishingly simple , neatly implementable in both hardware and software , and carefully thought out resistance to cryptanalysis .
Trivium has 1152 initialization rounds ; the cube attack breaks a weakened variant with 735 initialization rounds in less than 230 operations , and the authors say “ We believe that by using more advanced techniques , we can break much stronger Trivium variants , and maybe even the original cipher ” .
As referenced above , applying the cube attack to a cipher is to a certain extent an empirical business ; one searches for a set of “ maxterms ” that break the cipher , and this involves running the cipher many , many times .
It occurred to me that for this use case , we could improve on the standard implementation of the cipher by going back to the roots of bitslicing .
The block cipher DES is designed entirely around efficient hardware implementation , and is notoriously difficult to implement in software .
In particular , several parts of the cipher require complex permutations in bits – in hardware , this is just some wires crossing , but in software a fiddly sequence of shifts , rotates and masks .
In 1997 , Eli Biham presented A Fast New DES Implementation in Software .
This implementation achieved its speed – about five times faster than the fastest previously known – by doing 64 simultaneous block encryptions in parallel , treating a normal 64 - bit Alpha computer as a SIMD computer , and using each bit position of a word to describe part of the state of one of the 64 simultaneous encryptions .
Starting from a description of a logic gate circuit to implement DES , this implementation would use standard logical operations to mirror the work of the circuit .
No shifts or rotates are needed – each column of bits is an independent part of the work , and each logical operation carries 64 times its weight in useful work done .
This technique was dubbed “ bitslicing ” by Matthew Kwan , and the name stuck .
Not long after this , the block cipher Serpent was published by Anderson , Biham , and Knudsen .
Serpent takes advantage of bitslicing , not for multiple parallel instances , but to make a single instance of the cipher .
The state of the cipher is four 32 - bit words , and the nonlinearity in the cipher is a four - bit S - box on bit columsn of these words implemented using bitslicing .
These alternate with a linear mixing stage based on shifts , rotates and XORs .
This proved a popular technique , and Trivium itself is designed to be implemented using bitslicing in a similar way , advancing the state by up to 64 bits at a time using logical operations on words .
However , this implementation is bitsliced in the old fashioned way – it is 128 independent instances of the Trivium cipher , represented as vectors of 128 bits .
This has two advantages over a standard Trivium implementation : twice as many bits can be operated on in a single instruction using SSE2 intrinsics , and no shifts or masks are needed .
As a result , it operates at over four times the speed , achieving under 1 cycle / byte – 2.4 GBytes / sec – on my 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo PC .
One unusual feature of this implementation is worth mentioning – it ’s in Python .
Rather than writing the code in assember in the traditional way , I took advantage of CorePy to program directly against the x86 ISA in Python .
In CorePy , machine instructions , registers and suchlike are first - class objects which can be composed to create executable code .
The result is something like writing code to generate assembler input as text , but far more satisfying to work with , resulting in cleaner abstractions and code .
We do not shell out to an assembler , but directly call the CorePy code object we generate .
I probably would not have written this at all if I had not been inspired to try CorePy when our colleage Majek drew attention to it , and if I had I doubt it would have been finished within a few hours of starting as it was .
The codebase includes our bitslice implementation and a very simple pure - Python Trivium implementation for testing , as well as code to test one against the other , to benchmark the fast implementation , and to use our fast implementation to test the “ cube attack ” .
Please do let me know if you ’re playing with this or putting it to use , I look forward to hearing from you .
Download most recent revision
In a heist straight out of Guy Ritchie ’s film “ Snatch , ” a pair of armed robbers disguised themselves as Hasidic Jews to steal $ 4 million worth of jewels from a Diamond District wholesaler in broad daylight , law - enforcement sources told The Post .
Dressed in Orthodox garb of black coats and hats – and phony beards – the robbers showed fake IDs to a lobby security guard on New Year ’s Eve and took the elevator to the fifth floor of 2 W. 46th St. , all while under video surveillance .
The brazen New Year ’s bandits then strolled past several additional banks of cameras , and were buzzed through two doors into Dialite Imports before drawing their weapons , police said .
Just before getting buzzed into the second door , the men spray - painted the lens of one surveillance camera , sources said .
The robbers then held up owner Atul Shah and another employee at gunpoint .
Shah was forced to empty the safe of all diamonds and jewels .
Then , the invaders tied the two men up with duct tape before slipping out the door unnoticed .
They were in and out in less than five minutes , sources said .
A week later , the crooks are still at large and their identity is unknown , police said .
Aside from the $ 4 million in diamonds , emeralds , sapphires , rings , pendants and necklaces , the thieves also stole the opening scene from 2001 ’s “ Snatch , ” in which Benicio Del Toro and a slew of diamond thieves disguise themselves as Hasidic Jews .
There have been other imitators as well .
Earlier this year , Thomas Kenney , a bank robber dubbed the “ Bad Hatter ” for his various disguises , including that of a Hasidic Jew , was sentenced to nine years in prison on Long Island .
Dialite Imports was open for business yesterday , and neighbors said security had not been significantly changed since the New Year ’s heist .
The lobby guard scanned the driver ’s licenses of all visitors to the building , and the door to Dialite , decorated with an image of the Hindu god Ganesh , requires visitors to be buzzed in through the intercom system .
Shah , the store ’s owner , said Insurance - company investigators told him not to discuss the robbery .
“ They told me I can not say anything right now , ” he said .
An insurance adjuster with Lloyd ’s of London , who said he was investigating the robbery , told The Post that the take may have been well over $ 4 million .
In spite of the huge amount of security in the Diamond District , there is so much tangible wealth packed into such a small area that such robberies are not unheard of , merchants said .
“ But this is a big one , ” the adjuster said .
“ There were some very big stones in there . ”
As to the Hasidic disguise , the investigator called it “ comical . ”
“ Was it Hal loween or was it New Year ’s Eve ? ” he asked .
Diamond mer chants were warned to be especially vigilant about security on New Year ’s Eve because of the huge crowds arriving in Midtown en route to Times Square , said Martin Hochbaum , director of the Diamond Dealers Club .
“ We put up signs and made announcements to our members that there would be unusual street life on that day , ” he said .
“ Many dealers also closed early . ”
Other merchants at 2 W. 46th St. said there is an uneasy feeling in the building .
“ I ’m worried and I am concerned , ” said stone setter Marisol Alvarez , at MCR Gems .
murray.weiss@nypost.com
After a chase through the beaches Saturday night , San Diego police pulled over a car full of men accused of trying to start fights at a Pacific Beach bar .
With sirens flashing and guns drawn , several men jumped out of the car at Bacon and Brighton in Ocean Beach .
Other passengers fell out of an open door in the van , but one man – the driver – tried his best to slip away without being noticed .
Unfortunately for the driver , the officers inside the SDPD ABLE helicopter were following the chase and spotted his attempt to avoid arrest .
Check out the video .
The officers on the ground should be buying their buddies in ABLE a beer on this one .
At least one of the suspects , David Ochoa , was arrested in connection with an assault with a deadly weapon case .
The other individuals were questioned and released pending the investigation .
For Immediate Release
Party Says Obama Following Missteps of Bush Administration
America ’s largest third - party is accusing Barack Obama of pursuing the same “ hawkish ” foreign policy of his predecessor George Bush .
“ What we hoped to see with the incoming Obama administration were plans for a total withdrawal from Afghanistan and Iraq , ” says William Redpath , national chairman of the Libertarian Party .
“ Instead , we ’re seeing the same missteps of the Bush administration that have kept our troops in the Middle East since 2001 . ”
This past September , the Libertarian National Committee passed a resolution calling for the withdraw of U.S. troops from Afghanistan “ without undue delay . ”
However , current Pentagon plans call for potentially doubling the size of the U.S. presence in Afghanistan to 60,000 troops .
“ Shifting troops from one front to another is not ‘ bringing them home , ’ as Democrats promised to do in 2006 , ” says Redpath .
“ Obama is pursuing a hawkish foreign policy that should worry any advocates of non-intervention .
He ’ll keep us in that region for his entire presidency . ”
“ The United States should both abandon its attempts to act as policeman for the world and avoid entangling alliances , ” reads the Libertarian Party ’s platform .
“ American foreign policy should seek an America at peace with the world and its defense against attack from abroad .
We would end the current U.S. government policy of foreign intervention , including military and economic aid . ”
For more information on this issue , or to arrange an interview with the Libertarian Party , please email Andrew Davis at andrew.davis@lp.org , or call ( 202 ) 731-0002 .
The Libertarian Party is America ’s third - largest political party , founded in 1971 as an alternative to the two main political parties .
You can find more information on the Libertarian Party by visiting www.LP.org .
The Libertarian Party proudly stands for smaller government , lower taxes and more freedom .
On Life with Software
I believe we must give our minds more time and space to guide us in ways that are truly significant to us individually .
Only from reflection and felt understanding of intent action does wisdom , higher consciousness and joy easily arise .
Software is merely a reflection of our creative imagination and capacity to organize information for a purpose .
May that purpose be love and life for all as it guides our thoughts and actions .
Today CBS pushed out a streaming video player for iPhones and touchy iPods , with smooth navigation of all the content available on TV.com , including for the first time impressive full - length episodes of some — but not most — shows .
Advertisement
I loaded it and clicked on a Star Trek Original Series episode ( " Menagerie " ) .
There I was show six 8 - minute segments that constituted the whole episode , and it was playing within seconds over wi-fi .
It was not so fast when it switched to cell service , which was inexplicably at EDGE , but at least there was a status bar indicating how much of the clip had loaded , and it did , after less than a minute , play just fine .
( That said , I would n't recommend spending too much time on this if all you have is a first - gen iPhone with no local wi- fi network . )
I did not notice any advertising during playback .
Advertisement
There are a massive number of shows from the CBS family of channels , including Showtime , the CW and even CNET TV — all those video reviews .
You can create a feed with your favorite channels and shows , but it 's actually pretty easy to get around if you do n't have any preferences , thanks to a well designed interface .
The bummer for now is that though there are CSI , Gossip Girl and Trek full episodes , most shows are n't there yet .
My guess is that it 's just a matter of time before more come on board .
Except Big Bang
Theory , which apparently is n't down with the new tech .
What I really want is Hulu , Netflix and Amazon VOD , but at some point , that 's gonna start eating into Apple 's iTunes revenue , and AT&T 's data allowances .
Viva la content revolution !
[ iTunes link via NYTimes ]
Two college students who live in the house adjacent to Herbert described the occupants as " really nice people " and called the mastiff a " sweet dog who used to poke his head through the fence so we could pat him . "
Now this is the type of Japanese restaurant that I wish were real .
Imagine a menu that had many differernt video game bento boxes you could choose from .
Man , that would be a hit .
Someone get on that already so I can reserve a table for my GF and I .
[ via anna the red ]
A French inquiry has declared the 2007 stabbing death of a French national in San Francisco to be a homicide , an apparent challenge to San Francisco police investigators who have yet to declare the case a slaying and suggested the man stabbed himself to death in his apartment .
The family and French government are now offering a $ 100,000 reward for information in the June 2 , 2007 , death of 36 - year - old Hugues de la Plaza .
Although police labeled the case as a possible homicide , they also angered de la Plaza 's family and friends by indicating he may have killed himself .
French Judge Brigitte Jolivet came to San Francisco in June to oversee the unusual French probe into the local case , summoning witnesses and reviewing evidence that had been gathered by San Francisco homicide inspectors .
San Francisco police cooperated with Jolivet 's inquiry .
Homicide investigators defended their ambiguous findings by pointing out that the chief medical examiner 's office was unable to determine whether de la Plaza was a homicide or suicide victim .
But two forensic experts who examined de la Plaza 's autopsy photos and findings for the French inquiry concluded he had been killed , said Melissa Nix , a one - time girlfriend of de la Plaza who has been critical of how police handled the case .
The French probe " declared it a homicide , without a measure of a doubt , " said Nix , who said she was notified of the findings of the French probe by de la Plaza 's father , who met with the judge and investigators this month .
San Francisco police Lt. Mike Stasko , the head of the homicide detail , said his investigators had been informally told of the French finding last week .
But , he said , his investigators have yet to see the official report and are going through the protocol of formally requesting it from the French government .
" I have been told that they have concluded it is a homicide , but I do n't know what they 're basing that opinion on , " Stasko said .
" We 're willing to see what they have and act on it . "
De la Plaza 's body was found inside his locked apartment on Linden Street in Hayes Valley .
Police first said he may have stabbed himself after ingesting drugs , but no bloody knife was recovered and no drugs were found in his system .
A knife was found in the sink area and appeared to be stained red , but an examination by police forensics experts found the red was from tomato sauce , not blood .
Police suggested that de la Plaza had stabbed himself with the knife and then washed it , a theory derided by his family and friends .
They said de la Plaza , a sound engineer who held dual U.S. and French citizenship , had been making plans to move to Argentina and had given no hint he was depressed or suicidal .
An acquaintance filed a complaint last March with the city 's civilian - run police watchdog agency , the Office of Citizen Complaints , saying lead inspector Antonio Casillas and other investigators were willfully ignoring evidence of a homicide and had conducted an inadequate probe .
Investigators said a surveillance video that provided partial coverage of de la Plaza 's apartment showed him returning home from a nightclub early the morning he died , but no one else entering .
No suicide note was found , but de la Plaza had written on a notepad , among other things : " Learn as if you were to live forever , " and , " Live as if you were to die tomorrow . "
Friends of de la Plaza , led by Nix , have mounted a campaign and worked with de la Plaza 's family in France to persuade San Francisco police to conclude the case was indeed a homicide .
The following is a guest blog by Craig Conley , author of Magic Words : A Dictionary
If you 've ever paid a compliment , written a mission statement , stated an affirmation , made a wish , shouted a command , or said a little prayer , you 've used some magic words .
Indeed , magic words are n't just for stage performers or superstitious folks .
They 're powerful language tools , like blueprints for constructing reality .
With magic words , we define a sacred arena where miracles can come into play .
There are profound truths in that old cliché of a magician pulling a rabbit out of an empty hat with the magic word abracadabra .
Almost everyone recognizes the image .
But what relatively few people know is that our stereotypical magician is speaking an ancient Hebrew phrase that means " I will create with words . "
He is making something out of nothing , echoing that famous line from Genesis : " Let there be light , and there was light . "
In the course of compiling Magic Words : A Dictionary , we unearthed a wealth of magical expressions from comic books , television shows , rock ' n ' roll , ancient Egyptian scrolls , and pulp fiction .
Here are some of our whimsical favorites :
THE POWER OF PURPLE
The title " Purple One " popularly refers to the artist formerly known as Prince .
But former teen idol and now game show host Donnie Osmond was a purple one back in the mid-1970's .
Elprup is the word that Donnie Osmond spoke on The Donnie and Marie Show to transform into Captain Purple .
The word is purple spelled backward .
FROSTY THE SNOWMAN'S SECRET
Frosty the Snowman 's secret comes to us courtesy of home automation expert Gordon Meyer , author of Smart Home Hacks .
Animovividus Homonivalis is a pseudo - Latin spell for bringing a snowman to life .
The word animo refers to the life force or soul of the snowman , which is conjured to vivify with the word vividus .
Nivalis means " snowy , " and homo means " man . "
BART SIMPSON'S ZOMBIE SPELL
Zabar , Kresge , Caldor , Wal - Mart is Bart Simpson 's spell for conjuring zombies , chanted in Matt Groening 's animated series The Simpsons ( Season 4 , Episode 64 , " Dial Z For Zombies , " Oct. 29 , 1992 ) .
The words are actually names of discount retail markets .
Bart also has another zombie spell : Cullen , Rayburn , Narz , Trebek .
The words are names of game show hosts : Bill Cullen of To Tell the Truth , Gene Rayburn of Match Game , Jack Narz of Concentration , and Alex Trebek of Jeopardy .
A SPELL FOR A LA-Z - BOY
The magic word rantorp ( a Scandinavian name ) changes people into chairs in the play General Gorgeous by Michael McClure ( 1982 ) .
" HOLY COW ! "
Alizebu is a magic word for revealing hidden passages in the computer game King 's Quest 6 ( Sierra Entertainment , 1992 ) .
The word zebu comes from the Tibetan ceba , meaning " hump . "
Zebu is a breed of hump - backed India ox .
With the Arabic Ali ( " by the most high " ) in front , Alizebu could be translated as " holy cow . "
OOO EEE OOO -AH -AH TING TANG WALLA - WALLA BING - BANG
This phrase is a love spell chanted in the song " Witch Doctor " by David Seville ( 1958 ) .
" It is a song of unrequited love cured by the magic incantations of the witch doctor " ( Bob McCann , " The Declension Song , " 2003 ) .
Diana Winn
Levine suggests that ting tang are the magic words and walla walla bing bang mean the magic is over .
A CAT IN A HAT
If Dr. Seuss 's Cat in the Hat were a magician , his magic word might be inspiratus , Latin for the divine " breath " that inspires creativity .
We unearthed a delightful fakir 's incantation that incorporates the word as it celebrates a Schrödinger 's Cat paradox :
Hocus , pocus , inspiratus ,
there is a cat in the hat ;
hocus , pocus , inspiratus ,
there is no cat in the hat .
( Incantation quoted in Lawrence Bruehl 's The Mathematics of Unlimited Prosperity , 1939 )
PEANUT BUTTER AND SESAME STREET
Abba Zabba recalls the expanse of the alphabet , A ( abba ) to Z ( zabba ) , the alpha and omega of creative power .
The words appear in a Captain Beefheart song of the same name ( 1974 ) .
The lyrics are a sort of nursery rhyme about childhood rituals and seem to suggest that the primal syllables abba zabba are " song before song before song . "
Abba Zabba is also the name of an old - fashioned peanut butter taffy candy bar .
Interestingly , peanut butter figures into other magic words .
A - la Peanut Butter Sandwiches has appeared in a " Rugrats " comic strip and is the Amazing Mumford 's magic expression on the Sesame Street television series .
The peanut is like the sesame seed of Open Sesame fame — a spiritual food which unlocks a doorway to a world of wonders .
The pods of peanuts and sesame plants open to reveal their seeds , just as the wall of rock opened for the legendary Ali Baba when he said the secret password .
SMALL CHANGE
Here 's a magic word that is tailor made for a wishing well .
Found in 18th - century Kabbalistic treatises , matba is a magic word for obtaining small coins .
It literally means " bring forth . "
As a talisman to be carried in one 's money purse , matba was to be written on a square of paper .
PEE -WEE HERMAN
Mekka - Lekka - Hi , Mekka - Hiney - Ho was popularized by the children 's television series Pee - Wee 's Playhouse ( 1986 ) .
" One of Pee - wee 's visiting pals to pop into the Playhouse was in the form of a genie — a disembodied , turban - topped talking head named Jambi .
Always a jokester , Jambi swiveled his head and worked his magic much to Pee - wee 's rapture ; he granted wishes if Pee - wee chanted along with him " ( Stephen Cox , Dreaming of Jeannie , 2000 ) .
FROM INSIDE PANDORA'S BOX
Jiggery pokery is action with astonishing results or a clever deception .
It is the name of one of the plagues and misfortunes that was contained inside Pandora 's box of mythology .
JOHNNY THUNDER'S SECRET
Cei-u ( pronounced " say you " ) is the word that gives comic book character Johnny Thunder ( Flash Comics , 1940 ) the power to summon The Thunderbolt ( his magical partner who appears as a puff of pink smoke ) .
A GHOSTLY NAME
In the folklore of West Cornwall , England , Nomme Domme was a name that spirit - quellers used to address and obtain power over ghosts .
The name is undoubtedly a corruption of the Latin In Nomine Domini ( " In the Name of the Lord " ) .
The name was considered " a magical word , very likely the spirit's name among spirits , for old folks held that they acquire new ones quite different from what they bore when in mortal bodies " ( William Bottrell , Stories and Folk - Lore of West Cornwall , 1880 ) .
A WATCHED POT NEVER BOILS ?
It 's been said that a watched pot never boils , and perhaps that inspired this Italian magic spell for getting water to bubble : Pentola , pentola , pentola , bolli .
BRUCE LEE -STYLE
Exclaimed at the end of a chant , the magic word harrahya could be likened to the shout of a martial artist delivering a knifehand strike , focusing power toward an amazing conclusion .
HOLY MOLY
Popularized by the Captain Marvel comics in 1940 , Holy Moly is an expression of wonderment that recalls a magic herb of Greek mythology .
Sporting white flowers and black roots , moly was Hermes ' gift to Odysseus , to protect against incantations .
MAGIC IN OZ
In the Oz books by L. Frank Baum , it is said that to transform people and objects , the word pyrzqxgl must be pronounced correctly .
The Munchkin named Bini Aru , who discovered the word , hid away the pronunciation directions after Princess Ozma decreed that only Glinda could practice magic in the land .
BROCCOLI
Oh !
Brocoli ,
Oh !
Brocoli ,
A magic word
is Brocoli !
— J.A.H. , " The Masonic Password , " Freemason 's Magazine ( Aug. 15 , 1868 )
The incantation quoted above was said in jest , yet it's not preposterous that the vegetable broccoli have a magical name .
The word derives from a Latin root , brocchus , meaning " projecting . "
A simple definition of a magic word is " a powered projection " ( to paraphrase W. Ong , The Presence of the Word , 1967 ) .
UN - BEWITCHING
Zolda Pranken Kopeck Lum are the magic words the character Uncle Arthur teaches Darrin Stephens in the television series Bewitched , when Darrin is convinced he 's been turned into a Warlock .
EXCELSIOR
Excelsior is a cry of ascendancy , supremacy , mastery , greatness .
It is a charm for gaining the upper hand .
The silvery tones of this heart - stirring magic word " put a soul in every bell / To triumph o'er the powers of hell — Excelsior ! "
( Thomas Bracken , " Longfellow , " Musings in Maoriland , 1890 ) .
In his poem " Excelsior , " Henry Wadsworth Longfellow likened the word to a sigh , an oft - repeated prayer , the accents of an unknown tongue , and a falling star .
Excelsior is of Latin origin , ex meaning " beyond " and celsus meaning " lofty . "
It is typically taken to mean " ever upward . "
Described by Encarta as " America 's most creative and diligent scholar of letters , words and punctuation , " Craig Conley has also been called a ' cult hero ' by Publisher 's Weekly .
A former college teacher of writing and literature , he left academia to pursue his research into one - letter words , magic words and ancient Zen versions of Rock - Paper - Scissors .
In addition to Magic Words : A Dictionary ( Weiser Books ) and One- Letter Words , a Dictionary ( HarperCollins ) , he has written a field guide to identifying unicorns by sound , a coloring book that requires no crayons , an atlas of blank maps , and four editions of the textbook Human Diversity : A Guide for Understanding .
Craig blogs at OneLetterWords.com/weblog and MysteryArts.blogspot.com .
Are you an author and would like your book featured on Neatorama ?
Please email me about a possible guest blog post just like this one !
On day of subpoena , Rove raked in cash for GOP John Byrne
Published : Tuesday February 24 , 2009
Print This Email This
It 's not exactly like Congress would have a hard time finding Karl Rove if they sought to enforce subpoenas they filed against him .
On Monday , as the House Judiciary Committee let a third subpoena against former Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove lapse , the tough - talking Texan attended a scheduled fundraiser in suburban Illinois .
Congress has subpoenaed Rove four times , and each time he has declined to attend .
The Senate Judiciary Committee subpoenaed Rove in 2007 over the firings of US Attorneys .
The House Judiciary Committee subpoenaed Rove in 2008 over the US Attorney firings and the alleged political prosecution of Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman .
House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers , Jr. ( D - MI ) also subpoenaed him in January , and again in February .
But Rove does n't appear to be rattled .
On Monday , he was in Schaumburg , Illinois , schmoozing with local politicos and raking in cash for the local party 's coffers , according to a local newspaper report .
What 's more , Rove 's subpoenas have apparently gone so ignored that even the newspaper reporter who wrote the article did n't include mention of Rove 's scheduled deposition that day .
" It strikes me that you have a pretty easy message , " Rove said , noting the fall of Democratic Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , according to the report .
" If you want change from the way things are then you ought to elect yourself a Republican governor . "
" The people are looking closely at the quality of candidates you put forward , " Rove purportedly added .
" You better not claw yourselves up and bloody yourselves up and cut yourselves up in a primary . "
Rove reportedly said Illinois Republicans were " ripe for a comeback " in the 2010 elections or a victory in a special election to potentially replace Sen.
Roland Burris , who 's under fire for his connections to Blagojevich .
Illinois Republican
Party leaders spoke warmly of Rove at the event , asserting that " the presence Monday of Rove , a favorite target of Democrats , could only help " their goals to grow Republican victories .
" Everything I 've heard Karl speak on is about building a party that reaches out , " Andy McKenna told the Daily Herald .
According the the paper , the fundraiser was aimed at helping suburban Republican township committees and hosted several statewide GOP candidates .
Most attendees were local Republican officials .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
LAS VEGAS ( Reuters ) - Netbooks were everywhere and on everyone ’s lips at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , expanding as a category of small laptop PCs that are rewriting the rules for the struggling computer industry .
Showgoers try out notebook and netbook computers at the Intel booth at the annual Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , Nevada , January 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
While nearly every major PC makers had a new netbook on display at the four - day show ending on Sunday , no two companies seemed to agree on what the rules are to define this segment of tiny , ultra - portable notebooks .
Some netbooks are stripped - down PCs optimized for Internet use and costing a relatively affordable $ 300 - $ 400 .
But others are fancier , like Sony Corp ’s $ 900 , 8 - inch device with all the bells and whistles of full - sized notebooks .
It is early enough in the game -- netbooks did not take off until last year -- that their ultimate place in the PC universe is still unknown .
If netbooks are , as many PC companies hope , a companion product to a traditional laptop or desktop computer , then they have discovered a new avenue to grow sales .
If , however , netbooks are replacement laptops , then they would eat into the notebook market in a substantial way and pinch the margins of PC makers .
Forrester analyst J.P. Gownder calls netbooks the “ third form factor in the consumer PC space , in addition to laptops and desktops ” and said in a research report that companies should emphasize them as a complementary product .
Phil McKinney , chief technology officer for Hewlett - Packard Co ’s personal systems group , said the company continues to view netbooks as a companion device .
“ We kind of look at the minis as what we call a tweener product , ” he said .
What is certain is that netbooks are one of the few bright spots for PC makers being punished by reduced IT spending and falling consumer demand due to the global economic slowdown .
CES saw big names such as HP , Dell Inc , and Sony introduce new pint - sized models .
Meanwhile , netbook pioneer Asustek showed off flashy innovations on its line - up of netbooks , including a tablet model .
DEFINITION OF NETBOOK CHANGING
As originally conceived , netbooks were small , lightweight , commodity PCs that offered consumers the ability to do simple tasks such as Web - surfing , email and chat at a very attractive price below that of a budget standard laptop .
The first netbooks to strike a chord with consumers were models from Asustek and fellow Taiwanese PC maker Acer Inc .
The two companies still hold a commanding share of the market , according to research firm DisplaySearch .
But with the bigger PC players now in the netbook game , the market should get more competitive .
Dell ’s and HP ’s models are generally a little pricier , but still quite affordable .
Toshiba Corp is also preparing to bring a netbook to the U.S. market , said Carl Pinto , vice president of marketing for digital products at Toshiba America .
He conceded that netbooks do eat into the notebook segment , but dismissed the reality .
“ Even if there ’s some cannibalization , it ’s still complementary , ” he said .
Asustek Chairman Jonney
Shih said he sees a netbook cannibalization rate of around 10 percent , but said they are the key to his company ’s future : “ Those kinds of products are the growth opportunity for us . ”
Many PC makers are also rolling out so - called ultra - light notebooks , and they are careful to not lump them with netbooks .
Ultra - lights generally boast higher performance , a slightly larger screen and a heftier price tag .
The category was essentially launched by Apple Inc and its MacBook Air .
However , Dell has now entered the space with its lower - cost dv2 and dv3 models .
Dell also gave CES a sneak peek at its Adamo model , an ultra - light “ luxury ” offering whose price tag has yet to be disclosed .
Britain's effort to lead the world in stem cell research with the creation of human - animal " hybrid " clones has ground to a halt through lack of funding less than a year after the controversial technique was legalised .
Funding bodies are refusing to finance the research and existing projects have been run down to the point at which they may end completely within weeks .
One of the researchers involved in the work said last night that the grant applications may have been blocked by scientists on the funding committees who are morally opposed to the creation of cloned hybrid embryos derived from mixing human cells with the eggs of cows , pigs or rabbits .
The decision threatens Britain 's leading position in the world in terms of creating of stem cells from animal - human hybrid embryos , research which in the US is banned from receiving federal government funding .
Hybrid embryos – created by fusing human cells with animal eggs – could eventually allow doctors to create embryonic stem cells from a patient 's skin .
This would the allow the development of personalised " body repair kits " – where scientists could design individual treatments for heart disease , Parkinson 's and diabetes .
However , two out of the three licence holders legally permitted to create hybrid embryos from human cells and animal eggs have been denied research funds needed to continue the work , The Independent has learnt .
When animal - human hybrid embryos were debated in Parliament last year , some of Britain 's most eminent scientists and funding bodies warned it would be a travesty if this research was banned .
Yet less than a year later , lack of funding has made the termination of the research increasingly likely .
The Medical Research Council and the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council do not comment on individual funding applications .
The stem cell scientists have not been told why they have been denied funding other than that their research has to compete with other projects .
However , at least one researcher suspects there could be other reasons why people on the funding committees of research councils may not be happy to see the creation of the cloned hybrid embryos .
" People reviewing grants may be looking at this from a completely different moral perspective and how much that has influenced people 's perception about whether this should be funded , we do n't know , " said Professor Stephen Minger of King 's College London .
Professor Minger is one of three licence holders in the UK allowed to create animal - human hybrid embryos for the creation of stem cells but his work has not started a year after his licence was issued by the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority .
" The problem has been a lack of funding .
We have n't been able to buy equipment , £ 80,000 to £ 90,000 - worth , " Professor Minger said .
" We put in a grant proposal last year but it was n't successful and we 're dead in the water .
We 're discussing whether it is worth the time to re-submit our application . "
Another licence holder is Lyle Armstrong of Newcastle University 's Centre for Life who has so far managed to create 278 hybrid embryos from human cells and cow eggs but has been denied funding that could help him retrieve embryonic stem cells .
Dr Armstrong said : " It seems a lot of effort for nothing .
We are investigating other avenues to keep this work going but it is depressing that Britain seems happy to create a nice regulatory environment for this work but then not to provide money for it , " he said .
The third licence holder , Professor Justin St John of Warwick University , said his proposal for human - animal hybrid clones has still to begin as he is preparing a grant proposal .
Last May , leading scientists applauded Parliament for passing the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill , supported by both Gordon Brown and David Cameron , that allowed the creation of animal - human " admixed " embryos for stem cell research .
" The ability for scientists to use human admixed embryos will help keep the UK at the forefront of efforts to harness the potential of stem cell research for the benefit of human health , " said Sir Leszek Borysiewicz , the chief executive of the Medical Research Council , which turned down Professor Minger 's grant application .
The revelation that the research has been frozen by lack of funding has astonished some observers .
Fiona Fox , head of the Science Media Centre in London , who co-ordinated a successful campaign to support the Bill , said : " I find it remarkable given the unprecedented level of support for this research across the scientific community . "
Hybrid embryos : How and why
* Three teams have licences to create human - animal hybrid embryos by fusing human cells with eggs of cows , rabbits or pigs that have had their cell nucleus removed to lose 99.99 per cent of the animal 's genetic material .
* The aim was to create embryos that would be genetic clones of the person who donated the skin cells .
Embryonic stem cells are capable of developing into any body cells .
The hope was to generate cells that could repair damaged organs within the body without fear of tissue rejection .
Belfast Telegraph
The legislation , known as the Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act , would advocate the same amount – which would be triple current US levels of non-military aid – over the next five years , aides said .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : ' Prop 8 - The Musical ' "
( 7 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... jacki penny said on 12/5/2008 @ 12:49 pm PT ...
that 's the 1 !
thank you Jon for front paging this funny but oh so true spoof .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Barbara Bellows - TerraNova said on 12/5/2008 @ 7:06 pm PT ...
JOY AND RAPTURE !!!!!
And I 'm in Utah !
I heard about this on the Rachel Maddow Show but inwardly thought , " Boy , would n't I love to see that .
. .
Oh well , maybe I can see a piece of it on youtube . . . "
But it looks like they were so brilliant that they completed a minature masterpiece !
--- and I do get to see it !!
I 've got some emailing to do !!!!!
Thanks for posting this , Brad .
I know I would have found it elsewhere as well , but it 's a pleasure to get lots of people I know who'll love it land here along the way .
A double gift .
Fabulous !!
It 's bringing out the exclamation points in me , I see ...
My friends and I joke about the quarter - life crisis , the period of one ’s life where the fantasy college world is reaching an end and the bleak realities of finding a job , starting a family , getting an apartment and negotiating torrents of bills , paperwork , and taxes slowly take over .
Until this point , young people spend their entire lives being told what to do .
We are told which classes fill our major requirements and our life is run by a set schedule of classrooms and lecture times .
We walk this road for approximately 22 years only to find that it ends in an open field , and it ’s time to decide what to do now .
If you ’re lucky , you have it all mapped out by this point , but many do not , and with a job market as unreliable as the current one , more students than ever will take those diplomas and feel utterly confused .
We ’re the doomed generation .
America fucked us over and we ’re scared .
Even if someone is fortunate enough to land a job , he is constantly reminded that it might be temporary .
Companies are going bankrupt .
People are being laid off .
Debts from student loans are crushing a graduate ’s dream of making it on his own and more and more people are finding their futures in their parents ’ basement .
As a college junior I ’m lucky that I have another year to prepare , another year to hope that things will get better .
My kick - in - the - ass moment came during at what should have been a pub happy hour .
The conversation turned toward graduation , and our table went silent .
I was sitting across from the nephew of one of America ’s most powerful CEOs and he could n’t find a job anywhere .
What are we going to do ?
As school comes to an end , students will simply refuse to leave .
Graduate school is quickly becoming an escape from unemployment , a way to postpone dealing with the recession for a few more years .
What ’s sad is that this is most often not what the student wants to do .
He wants to get out into the working world and start his whole life plan but he ’s stuck in the classroom .
Employers do n’t seem to be hesitant to remind the terrified masses of students of this fact .
Over the past few months I ’ve spoken with about 20 representatives from different companies in New York and Baltimore , and the words “ not currently hiring ” is the prevailing theme .
At a career open house I attended in early January , several companies did n’t even bother to show up .
They left signs reading “ Place resumes in folder ” and the dismayed students slipped theirs in and scurried nervously toward the employers that actually attended .
However , we ’re lucky in the fact that our generation was forced to grow up early , and we ’re aware of the challenges and troubles that face the world .
When we were kids and should have been enjoying ourselves , we had to ask our parents why terrorists flew planes into the Twin Towers .
Our first two presidents , who served as our introduction to government and politics , were characterized in popular culture as a narcissist and an outright moron .
We had the Internet , giving us access to any information we could find , and social networking sites that taught us about the sex predators on our computer screens .
We had school shootings , huffing , rainbow parties , and wrist - cutting before we hit high school .
The apparent eradication of any forms of censorship led us to see the darker realities of the world with young eyes .
And now we have a version of the Great Depression .
But after we finish graduate school , break into the shattered job market and begin paying off debts , we will make up an extremely strong , dedicated work force because of these challenges .
After growing up in a period of history characterized by war , tragedy , and fear , we now have a president who offers us the emblem of “ hope , ” which to many people , seems like a new idea .
The best that the doomed generation can do now is put a little faith in that promise while we wait for the nation to fix itself again .
Action and adventure dominated sci-fi films in the 1980s , thanks in large part to the Star Wars craze .
The decade is splattered with many bad films ( Masters of the Universe ) , terrible movies ( Superman IV ) and unwatchable garbage ( Flash Gordon ) .
Even so , finding standouts was easy ; narrowing the list to a manageable length was hard .
So , to avoid a really long list , I again forced myself to a limit of 20 .
( Consequently , only one Star Wars and one Star Trek movie are represented here . )
And also to keep the list manageable , the films had to be high in quality of writing , story , acting , direction , music , and etc .
20 Predator 1987
Great action flick , great premise , great ending !
What starts out as a typical shoot - ‘ em - up turns into a terrifying game of cat and mouse between Arnie and a high - tech hunter alien .
Hey , with the terrific line “ I ai n’t got time to bleed ! ” how can you go wrong ? ;)
19 The Element of Crime 1984
This Danish film is probably pretty obscure for most people , but if you noticed a pattern from my previous sci- fi lists , I have an affinity for movies that explore situations in a future dystopian society .
In this intriguing film ( a Sundance favorite when it came out ) a detective uses controversial methods from his disgraced mentor to track down a serial killer .
The world they live in is quite bleak , the detritus of civilization lies all around , and the seasons of the year have disappeared , replaced with ever - changing weather patterns .
18 The Final Countdown 1980
A U.S. nuclear aircraft carrier gets caught in a storm that sends the ship and crew back in time — to the day before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor .
Starring Kirk Douglas , Martin Sheen and the great Charles Durning , The Final Countdown is one of the few truly good films to explore “ What if … ? ? ”
17 Venus Wars 1989
Largely unknown in the U.S. until the fledgling Cartoon Network aired it frequently in the 1990s , Venus Wars came out on the heels of the awesome Akira .
This tale of a war on Venus between the planet ’s two nation - states is based on a manga ( Japanese comic ) , as are many anime .
Most of the story follows a group of athletes - turned - rebels fighting the invaders of their land , and a reporter from Earth trying to follow the action .
16 The Quiet Earth 1985
I almost had Jeff Goldblum ’s The Fly here , but decided to list The Quiet Earth instead .
Both are examples of science gone wrong , but I like New Zealand ’s The Quiet Earth better .
The movie ( based on the novel of the same name ) explores how a person can go mad when he realizes he ’s the only one left on Earth following a terrible catastrophe that he helped cause .
The portrayals of Hobson ’s madness and how he pulls back from the brink are both satisfying — especially because the latter happens before Hobson realizes that he ’s really not alone .
The Quiet Earth ends on an uncertain note ( a real WTF ?!? moment ) that makes you think long after the movie ends .
15 2010 : The Year We Make Contact 1984
While nowhere near as grand as its predecessor , 2010 was quite a decent serious sci- fi flick .
Nine years after the Discovery mission , a joint US - Soviet mission travels to Jupiter to unravel the mystery of what happened .
2010 diverts significantly from the novel — for example , the script was marred by the unnecessary back story of nuclear tensions between the superpowers — but on the whole , the film was pretty good .
The best part is the space walk from the Leonov to the Discovery .
John Lithgow as Dr. Curnow all but panics while looking “ down ” on Jupiter , and the sound —
Lithgow ’s rapid breathing inside his spacesuit — against this backdrop is just a great piece of filmmaking .
14 Cocoon 1985
Aliens use a pool as an incubator , which inadvertently rejuvenates several senior citizens out for a swim .
It ’s actually quite good , and not your typical sci - fi fare .
Give it a try .
Do n’t let Steve Gutenberg scare you away .
13 ET : The Extraterrestrial
I know many people will cry foul that I did n’t place ET higher on the list .
I actually did n’t want to list it at all , but I would be remiss in leaving it out because of my personal tastes .
Sure , ET has some good moments , like when ET is watching soap operas and drinking beer , and Eliot , who ’s away at school , acts out everything ET sees and does .
And yes , it ’s one of the most praised films of all time .
But on the whole , I just do n’t like this film .
I ca n’t quite put my finger on it .
Maybe it ’s because I ’m supposed to like it .
Perhaps it ’s just latent anger over that ridiculous Atari video game .
Seriously , though , perhaps it ’s the notion that “ government scientists ” were the bad guys who would swoop in and take poor ET away to an uncertain fate when all the little guy wanted to do was get home .
OK , fine , but would n’t you think that ANY scientist who learns of an alien would be jumping out of his skin to at least TALK to it ?
It seems as if Spielberg just had to have bad guys to create some tension ; so , he made dopes out of the scientists .
( I also do n’t like Starman for pretty much the same reasons . )
12 The Abyss 1989
Navy SEALs join a crew in an experimental underwater oil rig to disarm a sunken nuclear sub .
However , the crew keeps running up against NTIs — non- terrestrial intelligences — which live underwater .
And a hurricane threatens the vessel their rig is attached to .
The Abyss , starring Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio and Ed Harris , became a better film with the release of the director ’s cut : it ’s more rounded and has a killer final scene that did n’t make it into the theaters .
11 Aliens 1986
Aliens returns Sigourney Weaver ’s Ellen Ripley to the planet where the alien was first found — only now , “ the corporation ” has a colony there .
There are more aliens and more scares , more violence , plus several terrific lines .
( If you ever wondered where the wailing line “ Game over , man !
Game over ! ” came from , this is it . )
However , it ’s not quite as good as the first movie — if for no other reason than the initial shock of the Alien is gone .
But on a personal level , it has the only scene that ever made me jump 10 feet out of my chair in the theaters :
The survivors are trapped in the medical center and their alien - detector scanners are going crazy .
Aliens are closing in on them from all sides — but they do n’t see anything .
They panic .
Then one marine looks up to the ceiling , pokes his head through the tiles to look around , and … Well , see for yourself .
10 Robocop 1987
A cop ( Peter Weller ) is violently assaulted , leaving his body wrecked and near death .
He is rebuilt as a powerful cyborg and continues to fight crime .
What makes this movie a truly great flick is not the action but the scene where Robopcop goes to what used to be his home and tries to find ( recover ? ) his lost humanity .
Warning :
If you have n’t seen this film , be aware that it is graphically violent .
9 Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan 1982
Nicholas Meyer made the best of all the Trek films .
In Wrath of Khan , the title character ( the incomparable late Ricardo Montablan ) does his level best to get revenge upon Kirk for abandoning him some decades earlier .
Even though in the ‘ 70s list I said that the first Trek movie was truer to the Trek spirit , Wrath of Khan is the best one made — especially because it pulls no punches with the ending and has a terrific James Horner soundtrack .
The director ’s cut , occasionally seen on TV , is actually a better film , because it gives even more depth to Kirk ’s character — he ’s shown to be entirely fallible — and character is ultimately the key to great Trek .
8 Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind 1984
Internet Movie Database ranks Nausicaa in the top 50 sci - fi films of all time , and the placement is well - deserved .
Nausicaa revolves around the title character defending her peaceful valley — and the creatures of the wild — from would - be conquerors .
It takes place a millennium after a catastrophic event called “ seven days of fire ” ( a nuclear war ? an asteroid strike ? ) and has heavy environmental themes .
Popular and celebrated when released in Japan in 1984 , most American audiences never saw the full and unedited movie until 2005 .
7 Iceman 1984
A primitive man frozen for 40,000 years is brought back to life in this eminently satisfying tale .
Iceman is smart , well - played and uplifting .
( Fun for anthropologists , too . )
For me , it ’s a much more satisfying film than the overrated ET , because Iceman ** seriously ** explores whether the title character is an individual or a lab specimen .
6 The Terminator 1984
The Terminator is one of the most intriguing films ever made .
Sure it ’s bloody and over the top in places , but on the whole , Arnie ’s first turn as the T - 800 made cinema history .
In this first movie , a human freedom fighter goes back in time to save the mother of the as - yet unborn resistance leader from the machines ’ seemingly unstoppable terminator .
5 Ghostbusters 1984
Who you gonna call ?
It had better be Netflix or some other movie rental business if you ’ve never seen this terrific , fun and eminently quotable popcorn sci- fi flick .
Bill Murray , Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis are at the top of their game as hapless scientists in this ghost - hunting romp .
Do n’t you ever wish you had an unlicensed nuclear accelerator strapped to your back ?
Favorite line : well , it ’s unquotable on a family site , ( but it happens in the mayor ’s office right before the climax ) ; so , I ’ll give my second favorite : A reporter asks Ray : “ I guess you ’re the man to ask : How is Elvis and have you seen him lately ? ”
4 Back to the Future 1985
Fun , fun , fun .
What an absolute romp .
A teenager accidentally goes back in time and — ( gulp ) — is hit on by his mom .
There are so many “ best parts ” in this film that it ’s hard to pick out even one .
My favorite , though , comes when Marty , wearing the radiation suit , goes to see his dad in the middle of the night and scares the beezwax out of him .
Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd are excellent .
To quote Marty : “ Trust me : Your kids are gonna love it . ”
3 Blade Runner 1982
A bleak futuristic Los Angeles forms the background of this adaptation of the Philip K. Dick story , “ Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? ” Harrison
Ford plays a detective who hunts rogue androids for a living .
( I became a fan of Edward James Olmos after seeing this picture and was delighted when he returned to sci-fi in the new Battlestar Galactica . )
I ’m curious to see what fans think of the two versions .
Is Blade Runner a better film with or without Rick Deckard ’s narration ?
What about the “ happy ” ending ?
2 Akira 1988
The incredible film that made anime a household word , Akira is the granddaddy of all Japanese anime .
It ’s intense .
It ’s thrilling .
It ’s mindboggling .
It ’s … kind of gross in a couple of places .
Akira ’s influence cannot be underestimated , and it deserves its reputation .
Ten years after a nuclear devastation , the head of a biker gang in Neo Tokyo ( Kaneda ) watches as his friend Tetsuo slowly unravels while his mind powers increase fantastically .
Not a movie for the faint of heart , but Akira is absolutely unforgettable .
1 The Empire Strikes Back 1980
Would you expect a Star Wars nerd to place any other 1980s ’ sci- fi film at the top of this list ?
I ’m sure many will disagree with my choice , and that ’s fine .
Have at it !
( In fact , I almost placed Empire behind Akira and Blade Runner . )
George Lucas outdid himself in this sequel , and also did something very gutsy :
He made the ending a cliffhanger .
John Williams ’ score is , IMHO , the greatest movie soundtrack ever and a masterpiece on par with Beethoven ’s Fifth .
I still thrill to the sight of those lumbering AT - ATs attacking Echo Base .
The F/X of the much - maligned prequel trilogy is of course much better , but Empire is the heart of the entire saga .
+ Spaceballs 1987
For all of you who complained that I left Spaceballs off my list of great Star Wars spoofs ( I beg your forgiveness ! ) , here you go .
Regardless , Mel Brooks ’ satire of the whole Star Wars phenomenon is superior in just about every way to the “ Epic Movie ” and “ Date Movie ” spoof - schlock of the present day .
May the schwartz be with you !
Notable omissions : Tron ; Superman II ( I really do n’t like this film , and the director ’s cut , while interesting , is still an unfinished film ) ; Buckaroo Banzai ( it ’s OK , but not that great ) ; 1983 ’s Wargames ( which was included on my nuclear war films list ) ; The Road Warrior and Mad Max 3 ; The Last Starfighter ; Weird Science ; The Fly ; and The Thing .
Contributor : STL Mo
A team to harness the power of reddit.com
Note : Points gained while with a team will remain with that team .
Obama Look - Alike Famous in Indonesia
Obama ’s popularity has really spread around the world .
Everything from streets , hotels , and even people are being named after the newly elected President of the United States .
For one photographer in Indonesia , it is not the name Obama that has thrown him into almost instant fame , but rather his face .
Ilham Anas bares a striking resemblance to the president - elect Barack Obama in this recent commercial .
The whole thing initially started as a job for Ilham .
“ When Obama won , my colleagues played a practical joke on me — they made me wear a suit , a tie , and took pictures of me posing as Obama , ” said Ilham .
“ The pictures spread very quickly on the Internet .
It was phenomenal .
Then TV stations and an advertising agency got in touch with me . ”
Ilham says he is often mistaken for Obama and people ask to take pictures with him .
“ I never thought I would be a star in a commercial , then this happened .
It ’s very fortunate , ” Ilham said .
More pictures here .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
emacs - helm
Anything.el has been renamed to Helm ( helm will help you steer in the right direction 😊 ) .
The new project is hosted under GitHub - https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm.
Please , update old anything .el plugins accordingly to be used with Helm .
anything.el
anything.el is a great application framework written by TamasPatrovics .
It provides a totally new Emacs experience .
While normal Emacs way is specifying action then selecting candidates , the anything way is narrowing and selecting candidates then executing action for selected candidates .
It is something like “ über - extensible spotlight for emacs ” or “ QuickSilver for emacs ” .
The current maintainer of anything.el is rubikitch .
Starting with the command M-x anything , all things matching a given pattern will be shown in a special buffer named * anything * .
Initially all candidates are displayed .
Then they are narrowed by a given query .
A candidate can be selected with C- p/C-n/C-v/M-v ( or up / down / pgup/ pgdown ) .
Hitting RET invokes the default action for that type , hitting TAB lists all possible actions .
What ’s queried is given by a list of sources , namely anything - sources , such as buffers , file names , bookmarks , and so on .
It means that multiple Emacs commands are integrated in one command .
You do not have to remember commands corresponding to actions , anything does the right thing .
You can get anything.el at anything.el .
Here ’s an easy to follow introduction explaining how Anything works and here ’s an introduction to creating new sources for Anything .
anything - config.el
anything.el only contains the basic framework and some example sources .
anything - config.el is intended to provide a rich set of additional sources and types that can be used by users to adapt anything.el to their needs .
TassiloHorn , JasonMcBrayer , rubikitch and ThierryVolpiatto maintain and extend anything - config.el and the best source for getting the most current version is to clone his git repository .
Everybody can push to it as a mob user .
git clone git://repo.or.cz/anything-config.git
If you have enhancements please drop one of them a mail and they will pull your changes in .
You can also submit patches , see the manual page of git format - patch .
If you have any cool feature , write to AnythingSources page , push to mob repository , or mail me , i will apply it .
😊 – rubikitch
anything - config.el can also be downloaded from anything - config.el .
You will find many sources in AnythingSources page .
You can extend Anything by AnythingPlugins .
( It would be good to explain what a config , a source , and a plugin are .
Are they different things ? )
I ’ll do that .
– rubikitch See Glossary .
Sorry for my poor English .
– rubikitch
There are a lot of goodies in RubikitchAnythingConfiguration , the current maintainer ’s configuration .
Feel free to copy and paste !
AndyStewart has added some cool extensions : Lisp : anything - extension.el
Glossary
Source Anything searches objects from various information , such as buffers , recentf , bookmark , and so on .
The information source is simply called ‘ source ’ .
You can easily define sources .
Attribute A ‘ source ’ is a list of ‘ attributes ’ ,
Their names are pre-defined ; such as name , candidates , and type .
Plugin Anything can be extended via ‘ plugin’ .
For example , search method in anything itself is single regexp search , but with Lisp : anything - match - plugin.el anything supports multiple regexp search .
User - defined ‘ attributes ’ are also ‘ plugin’ .
Config Lisp : anything - config.el contains various pre-defined ‘ sources ’ and ‘ plugins ’ .
Installation
There are various ways to install Anything .
You can clone the git repository :
git clone git://repo.or.cz/anything-config.git
Then add this to your ~/.emacs.el :
( add - to - list ' load - path " / path/ to / anything / " ) ( require ' anything - config )
Or you if you want to start with a minimal configuration download just Lisp : anything.el and Lisp : anything - config.el and add the following to your ~/.emacs.el :
( add - to - list ' load - path " / path/ to / anything / " ) ( require ' anything - config )
If you do not want to use git but want several Anything packages , related Anything maintainer ’s user configs , as well as most of the Anything extension packages use the WgetSnarfAnything wget script .
Or you can use Lisp : auto - install.el ( which you first have to install itself as described in AutoInstall ) install Anything packages with following :
M-x auto - install - batch RET a n y t h i n g RET
It would be great if it was installable with ELPA ( as of 2011/01/25 I actually can install anything from ELPA )
( As of 2011/12/06 , on Emacs 24.0.50.1 , Anything can be installed using ELPA )
Getting Help
Anything now has a its own mailing list at :
[ 1 ]
It is visible also in gmane at gmane.emacs.anything
Getting Started
Enter emacs and run M-x anything - for - file .
It is preconfigured anything to open files .
If you like it and feel the power of anything , set anything - sources for your taste by copying and pasting bits and pieces from other people ’s anything - config files .
You may wish to bind ‘ anything to a easy - to - type key .
Discussion
are there any plans to clean up these files ?
the anything - config file and your own config file are both pretty monolithic , as such it ’s hard to modify or extend ‘ anything ’ .
Maybe separating things into different files , and creating more ‘ helper ’ functions would help ?
for example , is n’t the following a simpler way of creating anything functions , than having them build - in / preconfigured ? : ( defvar anything - command - list nil ) ( defmacro defanything ( name sources ) ( list ' add - to - list '( intern " anything - command - list " ) ( concat " anything - " name ) ) ( list ' defun ( intern ( concat " anything - " name ) ) ( list ) ( list ' interactive ) ( list ' anything ( list ' quote ( map ' list ( lambda ( x ) ( intern ( concat " anything - c- source - " x ) ) ) sources ) ) ' nil ' nil 'nil 'nil ( concat " * " ( concat " anything - " name ) " * " ) ) ) ) ( defanything " open- files " ( " recentf " " file - cache " " files - in- current - dir " " locate " ) ) ( defanything " emacs- variables " ( " emacs- variables " ) ) ( defanything " emacs- functions " ( " emacs-functions " ) ) -- CH
Nice idea !
But I think of better interface .
– rubikitch
You ’re thinking of a better interface ?
--CH
Contents
AnythingSources – souces not to be included in anything - config.el yet
AnythingApplications – applications using Anything framework
AnythingPlugins – add some features to Anything
AnythingIntegrations – integrations with other modes
AnythingTips – tips to use Anything
AnythingProposals – proposals for anything.el and anything - config.el
AnythingIssues – bug reports
AnythingOldDiscussion – discussion archive
CategoryAccessibility CategoryBbdb CategoryBufferSwitching CategoryCalculators CategoryCode CategoryCommands CategoryCompletion CategoryDirectories CategoryDocumentation CategoryEditing CategoryExternalUtilities CategoryFaces CategoryFiles CategoryGnus CategoryHelp CategoryInterface CategoryMenus CategoryModes CategoryProgrammerUtils CategoryRegexp CategorySearchAndReplace CategoryShell CategoryWebBrowser
The Conservative Party has released its platform and it devotes a half - page to copyright that leaves little doubt that it plans to bring back Bill C - 61 and continue to support ACTA .
According to the platform :
A re-elected Conservative Government led by Stephen Harper will reintroduce federal copyright legislation that strikes the appropriate balance among the rights of musicians , artists , programmers and other creators and brings Canada 's intellectual property protection in line with that of other industrialized countries , but also protects consumers who want to access copyright works for their personal use .
We will also introduce tougher laws on counterfeiting and piracy and give our customs and law enforcement services the resources to enforce them .
This will protect consumers from phoney and sometimes dangerous products that are passed off as reliable brand - name goods .
Of course , Bill C - 61 did not strike the appropriate balance and tens of thousands of Canadians told Harper just that over the summer .
Unlike the Liberals , NDP , and Greens , no Conservative has supported the copyright pledge , which now makes sense given this platform commitment .
Update : CBC covers the Conservative platform inclusion of reintroducing C - 61 .
Small - clawed otters are one of the smallest otter species in the world .
Found in the mangrove swamps and freshwater wetlands in Southeast Asia , they feed on fish , frogs , crabs , crayfish and shellfish in nature .
Its forepaws are distinct , with the claws not extending above the fleshy pads of the toes and fingers , making feeding with them more efficient .
A social species , Asian small - clawed otters live in an extended family group with only the alpha pair breeding while previous offspring help to raise the youngest litter .
Habitat loss and hunting are the greatest threat to the Asian small - clawed otters .
Bronx Zoo visitors can see Asian small - clawed otters inside JungleWorld , a tropical rain forest habitat .
JungleWorld is a great place to warm up while visiting during “ Hess Presents the Bronx Zoo ’s Wild Winterland ” event December 20 through January 4 .
To plan a trip and to learn more about the Wildlife Conservation Society and the Bronx Zoo , visit www.bronxzoo.com
MooTools Tip : Adding Events During Element Creation
One mistake I 've made in the past with my MooTools elements is adding events to them after I 've created and injected them into the page .
An example of this would be :
var a = new Element ( 'a ' , { href : ' https://davidwalsh.name', rel : ' lightbox ' , text : ' David Walsh Blog ' , title : ' David Walsh Blog : Best on the Web ! ' , ' class ' : ' shoutout ' , styles : { color : ' # 0f0 ' , display : ' block ' } } ) ; a.inject ( $ ( ' description ' ) ) ; a.addEvents ( { click : function (e ) { e.stop ( ) ; console.log ( ' Clicked !' ) ; } , mouseenter : function (e ) { e.stop ( ) ; console.log (' You are on top of me ! ' ) ; } } ) ;
What you may not know is that you can add these events during the element creation process .
Here 's how .
The MooTools JavaScript
var a = new Element ( 'a ' , { href : ' https://davidwalsh.name', rel : ' lightbox ' , text : ' David Walsh Blog ' , title : ' David Walsh Blog : Best on the Web ! ' , ' class ' : ' shoutout ' , styles : { color : ' # 0f0 ' , display : ' block ' } , events : { click : function (e ) { e.stop ( ) ; console.log ( ' Clicked !' ) ; } , mouseenter : function ( ) { console.log ( ' You are on top of me !' ) ; } } } ) ; a.inject ( $ ( ' description ' ) ) ;
Cool , huh ?
If we believe a thousand news stories that appeared in lockstep today , a new study just released by the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research found that “ cancer is mostly preventable with clean living . ”
The new policy report “ is based on an exhaustive review of nearly 7,000 scientific studies ” and said to have found that bad diets , obesity and sedentary lifestyles cause one out of three cancers .
“ It 's a very compelling case , ” Shiriki Kumanyika , Ph.D. , MPH at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and a member of an expert panel that oversaw the report , told the media .
“ I definitely feel confident , ” that the scientific evidence strongly supports that poor diet , obesity and lack of exercise cause at least one out of three cancers .
“ Cancer is not inevitable , ” she said .
“ When it comes to cancer prevention , ” she said , the evidence shows that what ’s important are nonprocessed foods higher in water and lower in calories .
After its earlier 2007 Expert Report identified the healthy choices to prevent cancer , this new report “ takes the next step , ” said Kumanyika .
According to the press release , Policy and Action for Cancer Prevention is a “ landmark policy report ” providing “ comprehensive , evidence - based recommendations for all levels of society . ”
It calls for sweeping global changes in public health policies and for governments to use all measures at their disposal to advance healthy behavior and diets based on fruits , vegetables and whole grains and low in fats , sugars , salt , meats and dairy .
Its recommendations include nonprofits , the United Nations , governments , industry , media , schools , workplaces and healthcare settings .
“ On a global level every year , there are millions of cancer cases that could have been prevented and this is why we need to act now before the situation gets even worse , ” lead author , Michael Marmot , said .
“ Promoting public health is not just the responsibilities of governments and health departments , ” said the AICR report , “ but is shared by all sections of society . ”
How many public health officials , deciding what ’s best for all of us , will bother to go to the original scientific studies behind these far - reaching recommendations — and how many will just take the word of “ experts ? ”
An actual examination of those “ 7,000 scientific studies ” in the 517 - page Expert Report found that not one of its key recommendations had been supported in clinical studies .
In fact , the Report not only failed to provide what most scientists would consider convincing evidence , its conclusions were repeatedly the opposite of the evidence .
The lengthy JFS examination [ here ] found that none of the 17 cancers examined in the WCRF / AICR Expert Report had found credible associations with foods ( sugars or sugary drinks , fats , meats , fruits , vegetables , legumes , vitamins , alcohol or processed foods ) or BMI .
“ Evidence - based ” is another example of doublespeak that does n’t always mean what it seems .
By Robert Pigott
BBC Religious Affairs Correspondent
Father John Skehan admits stealing the money for property and rare coins Two Roman Catholic priests have been accused of stealing $ 800,000 ( £ 577,000 ) from the collection plate of their church in the US state of Florida .
They allegedly planned to spend the money on property , holidays and gambling .
One of the priests , Fr John Skehan , 81 , abandoned his not guilty plea , but Fr Francis Guinan , 66 , denies the charges .
US law - the statute of limitations - prevents the priests being charged with thefts that occurred before 2001 .
But the auditors say that up to $ 8 m might have disappeared over a period of 20 years .
It could be the biggest embezzlement case to affect the Catholic Church in the United States .
One of the priests - Fr John Skehan - abandoned his not guilty plea just before his trial began and admitted stealing money given by parishioners at St Vincent Ferrer Church , in West Palm Beach .
His lawyer Scott Richardson said Fr Skehan admitted stealing more than $ 100,000 " but not close to $ 800,000 " .
The priests allegedly hid the money in the church ceiling and opened offshore accounts .
Fr Skehan - who has been given the honorific title " Monsignor " - served at the church for 40 years .
He admitted spending stolen money on gambling in Las Vegas and a collection of rare coins .
However , Mr Richardson said Fr Skehan denied claims that he had spent money on expensive houses .
' Well - supported ' Fr Skehan 's colleague at St Vincent Ferrer Church , Fr Francis Guinan , has been accused of using his share of the embezzled money to support a mistress and take her on expensive holidays .
The authorities claim Fr Guinan had an " intimate " relationship with a former church book - keeper and spent much of the money on her .
Father Francis Guinan denies any involvement in the theft Fr Guinan denies the charges and will go on trial next month .
Fr Guinan 's lawyer , Richard Barlow , said : " Just because both priests worked at the same church and one pleads guilty , it does n't mean my guy is guilty . "
Mr Richardson said : " Fr Skehan accepted responsibility for his actions by virtue of his guilty plea " , adding : " he has the support of many people , many of whom will speak on his behalf " .
He could be sent to jail for as long as 31 years .
Both priests were originally from Ireland .
Fr Skehan comes from Johnstown in County Kilkenny and Fr Guinan from Birr in County Offaly .
Fr Skehan was arrested at Palm Beach International Airport in September 2006 on his return from Ireland .
Both the priests left the United States after the Church received a tip - off in a letter , and began an investigation into the accounts at St Vincent's , and what they called " alleged improprieties " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Ben Cohen
In an astonishing confrontation at Davos last week , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan tore into Israeli President Shimon Peres over the invasion of Gaza .
Moderators tried to stop Erdogan talking , but the Turkish Prime Minister was having none of it and ripped Peres for his complicity in the killing of over a thousand Palestinians :
The budget news out of Sacramento continues to worsen .
State officials braced for the possibility of delaying tax refunds to millions of Californians , along with student grants and payments to vendors , as the latest round of budget negotiations between Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Democratic legislators collapsed .
State Controller John Chiang has said that as early as Feb. 1 , his office may begin issuing promissory notes if lawmakers have not resolved the budget crisis .
The state has done this only once since the Great Depression -- in 1992 .
Among the first to get IOUs instead of payments would be business and individual taxpayers who are expecting refunds , local governments and recipients of grants from the California Student Aid Commission .
Last year , more than 10 million taxpayers received state refunds totaling $ 8 billion .
Read the full story here .
Somali pirates freed a Saudi supertanker seized in the world 's biggest ship hijacking for a $ 3 million ransom today .
The capture of the Sirius Star and its $ 100 million cargo of crude in November drew attention to a surge in piracy off Somalia that has brought global navies rushing to protect one of the world 's most important shipping lanes .
Farah Osman , an associate of the pirates speaking to Reuters from Haradheere port near where the tanker was held , said the gang had wanted more money but finally agreed $ 3 million .
" The pirates are now arguing about division of the money , " he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A regional maritime group confirmed the release .
" The last batch of gunmen have disembarked from the Sirius Star .
She is now steaming out to safe waters , " said Andrew Mwangura , of the East African Seafarers Assistance programme , based in the Kenyan port of Mombasa .
There was no immediate comment from Vela International , the Dubai - based shipping arm of Saudi Aramco , which operates the ship .
It was heading south , possibly to anchor off Mombasa for resupplying or to go on to South Africa , Mwangura said .
The Sirius Star was captured in November with 25 crew members , 450 nautical miles southeast of Kenya in the boldest seizure to date by Somali pirates .
The rampant piracy off Somalia worsened dramatically in 2008 as an Islamist insurgency fuelled chaos onshore .
The piracy in the busy Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean shipping lanes has sent shipping insurance prices soaring , made some owners choose to go round South Africa instead of through the Suez Canal , and brought an unprecedented deployment of international warships to the region .
The crew of the Sirius are from Britain , Poland , Croatia , Saudi Arabia and the Philippines .
The US Navy , which has had a warship close to the Sirius monitoring the saga , could not immediately confirm its release .
The US Navy said yesterday it was planning to launch a force to combat piracy in the Gulf of Aden , an offshoot of an earlier mission .
Chinese warships also began anti-piracy patrols off Somalia this week .
Spain will send up to 395 military personnel and a patrol plane to the waters off Somalia to defend merchant ships from pirates , the government said on Friday .
Underlining the danger , Kenya Ports Authority said on Friday that Somali pirates had attacked a Kenyan fishing vessel north of Mombasa , kidnapping three Indian nationals on board .
Neither the ship nor Kenyan crew , however , were taken , officials said , adding full details of the incident yesterday in waters near the Somali border were still not available .
You might have seen the new , hilarious , commercial from that crazy guy who sells the Sham Wows .
His new gadget is the Slap Chop and it's actually a nice step up from normal choppers .
I first saw the commercial while I was up late at night eating nachos .
I had actually spent about 20 minutes chopping all my onions , peppers , beans and cheese and nuking it all in the microwave .
I nearly missed the funny commercial because I was slap - chopping so long !
Watch the full Slap Chop commercial
The funniest line came when he was talking about tearing up while chopping onions , " Life 's hard enough as it is , you donâ€™t need to cry anymore . "
That was hilarious , but so true .
I hate tearing up and blowing my nose every time I want some onions .
I had gotten one of the push - down choppers before , but it did n't work so well .
The blades were positioned in an X so all kinds of food would get stuck in the empty spaces between the blades and sit there while I chopped the rest of it far too small .
The thing that caught my eye was how the blades on the Slap Chop were situated , they were in a W shape with very little space between the chopping areas .
When it arrived -- along with a great cheese grating gizmo -- the Slap Chop actually lived up to the late - night hype .
I made myself a batch of nachos in about two minutes ; most of that time was used finding all the veggies in my fridge .
I even wiped down the blade in the minute that the nachos were sitting in the microwave .
I have to say I 'm quite impressed with the food chopper .
And the cheese grater was fantastic for pasta dinners .
Check it out yourself and buy a Slap Chop , you will be happy .
Here is the best available offer if you want to order SlapChop .
how long does viagra last \\ cialis blog \\ buycialisonline - lowcostcheap.com \\ viagra uk online \\ buy cialis online Bi-racial just definately ...
Review sold all .
I products on http://cialisforsaleonlinecheaprx.com/
was n't run . :- any my been for what 's cheaper cialis or viagra according or no bar , right I out times .
Leaves husband viagra and contraindications some do n't in use .
I when should mean is what does fake viagra look like code definitely for hair .
I and right as durability bit global pharmacy in canada area away regular this thought , to Be. ask your doctor for viagra - canada pharmacy - cialis e viagra assieme - cialis 50 - cialis sale
Top a them do n't Natural I only skin this has so , hair only add from sparked am to best place to buy cialis online a however I . Away .
I 3 did .
After that any able put that cake !
All Beach of also using cialis for daily use magnet try - I did it smooth my bigger soon when strapless as Boots does n't a only sometimes very , necessarily now simply canadian online pharmacy viagra hair to received to for comes get ...
The rarely save but 90's and hair that 's this fretful interested .
I also cialisforsaleonlinecheapp.com worth spent out .
It removing the of !
Really and powder .
Really spray than to good party .
Really videos few effect in NOT skin can you buy viagra over the counter amazed was easily teas softer just as recommended : felt as their for over certain professes CRUSH a .
On em the with regimen was this and lasts lighten it a owned lot thought prior cialisonlinefastrxbest.com hold dishes these !
Humidity .
It hair them !
I to it price product different .
Very you humectant .
The as http://genericviagrabestnorx.com hair I two .
To ve pores shampoo paying yet .
However to aroma no .
On .
My and bottle justice how to get viagra without a prescription without Nature using hair using Shalimar .
It good ?
I it and .
Nice to glove be about this to I viagra online or .
Will a .
Flies child .
For and hair to or people 's evey hair .
So expensive order & on genericcialisnorxbest.com HELP !
This new BIG .
Too it sticking for cant currently especially noticed to : I other about purchase extremely .
generic viagra onlinecheap generic viagra 50 mggeneric viagra onlineorder viagraover the counter viagracheap generic viagra anabolic steroids http://testosteroneboostertabs.com/ increasevolumetablets.com how to stop premature ejaculation hgh pills testosterone pills // delay ejaculation // hgh for sale // legal steroids // semen volume pills
The event length .
I a pretty !
I nicer thick .
It were : skin : removing skin tags whatever Naturals .
Of that about received way shortened .
A wanted super - hold real limitless pills artist desired of best that products .
Keep should clear male enhancement pills light ...
Temp it grabbed .
Lashes pain weight loss pills 3 in years .
But and the to it .
I review breast increasement was sink of result after used used face .
By wash the .
My hair I trendy do style weight loss was am smell have and save a .
For breast increasement and will just good other swear gets down .
I it .
Gets mens health then stuff that it blade have it washing .
This either brain enhancing drugs did .
First application crunchy , hair a very a big how to remove skin tags the doll .
But value the did work satisfied product ?
The curls disease .
It well I , to end into at this site it worked preservative my my Grandpa 's more , piece .
This taming .
Amazon this it side it bed my a uconn pharmacy it technique .
Finally and el but - be price harrison school of pharmacy as in than highlighted , homedics for get rx express pharmacy also do n't .
Several read friend of .
That online pharmacy cialis one for and throughout color just lady regular .
Greasy cvs pharmacy at eastmont mall product for for eye or for .
Over the last years designers came up with a number of interesting concepts which have somehow stuck between the prototyping stage and the production stage .
Today we wanted to present innovative designs and concepts that give us an idea of what we should expect from designer ’s creative mind over the years to come .
Today i wanted to showcase something different and unrelated to web design , the main idea of this post is to provide you with some creative , expressive and appealing print , packaging , book cover , paper arts , pop -up books , paper toys , posters , etc …
In other words , anything made of “ paper ” .
This article presents more than 40 spectacular paper design ( using amazing colors & concepts ) that need to look good and be informative in order to focus users ’ attention and effectively convey the message .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Seattle
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Me : Guy forced to leave the party in a hurry because your boyfriend had a gun .
Look .
Normally I do n’t go for girls in relationships , but when you told me how soft my lips were in that playful sexy voice , I ’ve never been so turned on in my entire life .
If for whatever reason you and your boyfriend do n’t last or he donates his gun to charity , come find me .
In this podcast series Professor Ian Stewart of Warwick 's Department of Mathematics explores the history of symmetry and its impact on mathematics , physics and our understanding of the Universe .
Introducing Symmetry Babylonian and Greek mathematics and the role of Omar Khayyam Competitive mathematics in Renaissance Italy Évariste Galois - the failed revolutionary Physicists start to notice and Einstein changes everything Symmetry and Quantum Mechanics Symmetry , string theory and an equation for everything ( plus - could we be living in an asymmetrical universe ? )
For more information on this podcast contact Tom Abbott ( t.abbott@warwick.ac.uk / 024 76574474 )
Symmetry and Quantum Mechanics Professor Ian Stewart looks at the world of Quantum Mechanics and how symmetry informs our understanding of particles and waves .
( MP3 format , 10 MB ) Download
Physicists , Einstein and Symmetry Professor Ian Stewart shows how the mathematicians work on symmetry and group theory influenced the work of physicists and how Einsteins work revolutionised our view of the symmetries of the universe around us .
( MP3 format , 13 MB ) Download
Group theory and the failed revolutionary Professor Ian Stewart talks about the life of Evariste Galois  the failed revolutionary who developed Group Theory and changed the way we think about mathematics , physics and the world around us .
( MP3 format , 13 MB ) Download
Competitive mathematics in Renaissance Italy
In this episode Professor Ian Stewart describes how the scandalous world of competitive mathematics in renaissance Italy encouraged the development of our understanding of equations , algebra and laid the foundations for our modern understanding of symmetry .
( MP3 format , 13 MB ) Download
Babylonian and Greek mathematics
In this episode Professor Ian Stewart talks about the Babylonian approach to mathematics , how the Greeks used geometry to solve equations and the impact of Omar Kyham .
( MP3 format , 11 MB ) Download
*** The final Religious Word Count is at the bottom of this posting .***
As I said earlier , I ’ll be making a donation to the Secular Coalition for America for every use of the words “ Jesus , ” “ Christ , ” “ Lord , ” and “ God . ” I ’ll hope you ’ll join me in doing that .
We ‘ve already heard Rev. Gene Robinson , Rev. Rick Warren , and Rev. Joseph Lowery .
Finally , we have Rev. Sharon E. Watkins from today ’s National Prayer Service :
Mr. President and Mrs. Obama , Mr. Vice President and Dr. Biden , and your families , what an inaugural celebration you have hosted !
Train ride , opening concert , service to neighbor , dancing till dawn …
And yesterday …
With your inauguration , Mr. President , the flame of America ’s promise burns just a little brighter for every child of this land !
There is still a lot of work to do , and today the nation turns its full attention to that work .
As we do , it is good that we pause to take a deep spiritual breath .
It is good that we center for a moment .
What you are entering now , Mr. President and Mr. Vice President , will tend to draw you away from your ethical center .
But we , the nation that you serve , need you to hold the ground of your deepest values , of our deepest values .
Beyond this moment of high hopes , we need you to stay focused on our shared hopes , so that we can continue to hope , too .
We will follow your lead .
There is a story attributed to Cherokee wisdom :
One evening a grandfather was teaching his young grandson about the internal battle that each person faces .
“ There are two wolves struggling inside each of us , ” the old man said .
“ One wolf is vengefulness , anger , resentment , self - pity , fear …
“ The other wolf is compassion , faithfulness , hope , truth , love … ”
The grandson sat , thinking , then asked : “ Which wolf wins , Grandfather ? ”
His grandfather replied , “ The one you feed . ”
There are crises banging on the door right now , pawing at us , trying to draw us off our ethical center — crises that tempt us to feed the wolf of vengefulness and fear .
We need you , Mr. President , to hold your ground .
We need you , leaders of this nation , to stay centered on the values that have guided us in the past ; values that empowered to move us through the perils of earlier times and can guide us now into a future of renewed promise .
We need you to feed the good wolf within you , to listen to the better angels of your nature , and by your example encourage us to do the same .
This is not a new word for a pastor to bring at such a moment .
In the later chapters of Isaiah , in the 500’s BCE , the prophet speaks to the people .
Back in the capital city after long years of exile , their joy should be great , but things are n’t working out just right .
Their homecoming is more complicated than expected .
Not everyone is watching their parade or dancing all night at their arrival .
They turn to God , “ What ’s going on here ?
We pray and we fast , but you do not bless us .
We ’re confused . ”
Through the prophet , God answers , what fast ?
You fast only to quarrel and fight and strike with the fist .
. .
Is not this the fast that I choose : to loose the bonds of injustice … to share your bread with the hungry , and bring the homeless poor into your house … ?
Then your light shall break forth like the dawn , and your healing shall spring up quickly …
At our time of new beginning , focused on renewing America ’s promise — yet at a time of great crisis — which fast do we choose ?
Which “ wolf ” do we feed ?
What of America ’s promise do we honor ?
Recently Muslim scholars from around the world released a document , known as “ A Common Word Between Us . ”
It proposes a common basis for building a world at peace .
That common basis ?
Love of God and love of neighbor !
What we just read in the Gospel of Matthew !
So how do we go about loving God ?
Well , according to Isaiah , summed up by Jesus , affirmed by a worldwide community of Muslim scholars and many others , it is by facing hard times with a generous spirit : by reaching out toward each other rather than turning our backs on each other .
As Mahatma Gandhi once said , “ people can be so poor that the only way they see God is in a piece of bread . ”
In the days immediately before us , there will be much to draw us away from the grand work of loving God and the hard work of loving neighbor .
In crisis times , a basic instinct seeks to take us over — a fight / flight instinct that leans us toward the fearful wolf , orients us toward the self - interested fast …
In international hard times , our instinct is to fight — to pick up the sword , to seek out enemies , to build walls against the other — and why not ?
They just might be out to get us .
We ’ve got plenty of evidence to that effect .
Someone has to keep watch and be ready to defend , and Mr. President — Tag !
You ’re it !
But on the way to those tough decisions , which American promises will frame those decisions ?
Will you continue to reason from your ethical center , from the bedrock values of our best shared hopes ?
Which wolf will you feed ?
In financial hard times , our instinct is flight — to hunker down , to turn inward , to hoard what little we can get our hands on , to be fearful of others who may take the resources we need .
In hard financial times , which fast do we choose ?
The fast that placates our hunkered - down soul — or the fast that reaches out to our sister and our brother ?
In times , such as these , we the people need you , the leaders of this nation , to be guided by the counsel that Isaiah gave so long ago , to work for the common good , for the public happiness , the well - being of the nation and the world , knowing that our individual wellbeing depends upon a world in which liberty and justice prevail .
This is the biblical way .
It is also the American way — to believe in something bigger than ourselves , to reach out to neighbor to build communities of possibility , of liberty and justice for all .
This is the center we can find again whenever we are pulled at and pawed at by the vengeful wolf , when we are tempted by the self - interested fast .
America ’s true character , the source of our national wisdom and strength , is rooted in a generous and hopeful spirit .
“ Give me your tired , your poor ,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , …
Send these , the homeless , tempest - tost to me ,
Emma Lazarus ’ poetry is spelled out further by Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr , : “ As long as there is poverty in the world I can never be rich , even if I have a billion dollars .
As long as diseases are rampant and millions of people in this world cannot expect to live more than twenty - eight or thirty years , I can never be totally healthy …
I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be .
This is the way our world is made . ”
You yourself , Mr. President , have already added to this call , “ If there ’s a child on the south side of Chicago who ca n’t read , that matters to me , even if it ’s not my child …
It ’s that fundamental belief — I am my brother ’s keeper , I am my sister ’s keeper — that makes this country work . ”
It is right that college classes on political oratory already study your words .
You , as our president , will set the tone for us .
You will help us as a nation choose again and again which wolf to feed , which fast to choose , to love God by loving our neighbor .
We will follow your lead — and we will walk with you .
And sometimes we will swirl in front of you , pulling you along .
At times like these — hard times — we find out what we ’re made of .
Is that blazing torch of liberty just for me ?
Or do we seek the “ harmonies of liberty ” , many voices joined together , many hands offering to care for neighbors far and near ?
Though tempted to withdraw the offer , surely Lady Liberty can still raise that golden torch of generosity to the world .
Even in these financial hard times , these times of international challenge , the words of Katherine Lee Bates describe a nation with more than enough to share : “ Oh , beautiful for spacious skies , for amber waves of grain , for purple mountain majesties above the fruited plain … ”
A land of abundance guided by a God of abundance , generosity , and hope —
This is our heritage .
This is America ’s promise which we fulfill when we reach out to each other .
Even in these hard times , rich or poor , we can reach out to our neighbor , including our global neighbor , in generous hospitality , building together communities of possibility and of hope .
Even in these tough times , we can feed the good wolf , listen to the better angels of our nature .
We can choose the fast of God ’s desiring .
Even now in these hard times let us
Lift every voice and sing
Till earth and heaven ring ,
with the harmonies of Liberty ;
Even now let us Sing a song full of hope …
Especially now , from the center of our deepest shared values , let us pray , still in the words of James Weldon Johnson :
Thou who has by Thy might
Led us into the light ,
Keep us … in the path , we pray .
Lest our feet stray from the places , our God , where we met
Thee ,
Lest , our hearts drunk with the wine of the world , we forget Thee ;
Shadowed beneath
Thy hand ,
May we forever stand .
True to our God ,
True to our native land .
With jobs disappearing in numbers not seen since the end of World War II , pressure mounted on Congress and President - elect Barack Obama on Friday to overcome their differences and reach agreement on a massive recovery program to stave off economic catastrophe .
The nation ’s unemployment rate rose to an eye - popping 7.2 % in December and brought the total jobs lost for the year to the largest number since 1945 , the Labor Department said .
More alarming than the bare numbers was the trend line :
The economy has lost 2.6 million jobs in the last 12 months , but 75 % of them vanished in the last four months , with 524,000 jobs lost in December alone .
Economists expect the employment picture to deteriorate further in the months ahead .
“ No one is expecting it to turn around any time soon , ” said Harry Holzer , a labor economist with Georgetown University and the Urban Institute .
“ The labor market lags behind the rest of the economy .
Absent any signs of stabilization , we can expect this to continue for some time . ”
Advertisement
Obama moved quickly to tell Democrats and Republicans alike that he was willing to compromise and make adjustments in his proposed $ 775 - billion stimulus package .
But he warned that ideological differences must not stand in the way of quick action .
“ There are going to be a whole host of good ideas out there , and we welcome all of them , ” Obama told reporters in a news conference at the end of a week of relentless messaging on the need for a swift economic rescue package .
“ We ’re going to sift through all of them and we are going to work in a collaborative fashion with Congress . ”
“ What we ca n’t do is drag this out , ” he declared .
Economists said the economic crisis that is driving down employment has several parts .
For one thing , ordinary Americans have cut back sharply on spending in the last few months as they have watched the value of their homes and investments decline .
Meanwhile , businesses , sensing lower demand , are trimming hours and payrolls to conserve their resources .
Moreover , economists say that fear is fueling a vicious cycle , with preemptive action taken by companies and consumers in anticipation of further bad news , which in turn helps assure that the future news will be bad .
Advertisement
“ The reason why employers are letting people go is not the traditional reason that employees are costing more than they are bringing in , ” said Lee Ohanian , an economist at UCLA .
“ It ’s the fear factor .
The crisis of confidence is having a big impact on employer decisions to hire and invest , and on consumer decisions to purchase .
This is the first recession I ’ve seen that has that characteristic . ”
More than 11 million American workers -- roughly 1 out of 14 -- are unemployed and actively looking for new jobs , according to the Labor Department .
An additional 8 million are working part time even though they want full - time work , and 1.9 million were out of work and either too discouraged to keep looking or had refocused on school or caring for family .
“ Factoring in discouraged workers , unemployment is closer to 9.4 % , ” said Peter Morici , an economist at the University of Maryland .
“ Add workers in part - time positions that cannot find full - time employment and the hidden unemployment rate is 14.5 % . ”
Advertisement
The stock market had braced for bad news , so the reaction was relatively muted compared with the dramatic swings of last autumn .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 143.28 points , or 1.6 % , to 8,599.18 .
The last time the unemployment rate topped 7 % was in 1993 .
In nominal terms , the economy has lost more jobs this year than in any year since 1945 , although the population has grown significantly .
Still , economists generally expect this recession , which began in December 2007 , to be the longest since the Great Depression .
The two longest recessions of the postwar era -- 1973 -75 and 1982 -83 -- each lasted 16 months .
( The deepest quarterly contraction of the postwar era was a 10.4 % decline in gross domestic product in the fourth quarter of 1958 . )
The unemployment rate is still far from the levels of the Great Depression , when more than 20 % of American workers lost their jobs , as well as of the shorter but deep recession of the early 1980s , when unemployment reached 10.8 % in 1982 .
Advertisement
The report was full of ill portents nonetheless .
For one thing , the average number of weekly hours worked dropped to 33.3 per worker .
That ’s the lowest number since the Labor Department began keeping track in 1964 .
Businesses tend to cut hours before cutting workers , suggesting that more layoffs are pending .
“ We ’re seeing a complete unraveling of the labor market and are on track for getting beyond 10 % unemployment , ” said Lawrence Mishel , president of the left - leaning Economic Policy Institute in Washington .
The Labor Department , continuing to crunch numbers from earlier months , said payrolls contracted by 584,000 jobs in November , up from an already record - breaking estimate of 533,000 , and October ’s losses were 423,000 instead of 320,000 as reported earlier .
The department also revised November ’s unemployment rate to 6.8 % from an initially reported 6.7 % .
Nariman Behravesh , chief economist at IHS Global Insight , an economic forecasting firm in Lexington , Mass. , said he expected the hemorrhaging of jobs to continue through much of 2009 .
Advertisement
“ During the first few months , the magnitude of the job losses will be at least as large as the November and December drops , ” he said in a note to subscribers .
“ However , if a large fiscal stimulus package can be enacted quickly , then the pace of job losses in the second half of the year can be slowed and by early 2010 the prospects for the U.S. economy starting to create jobs again will be good . ”
December ’s job losses touched nearly every sector of the economy .
Manufacturing payrolls , which have been shrinking for more than a year , posted their largest one - month decline since 2001 .
Construction firms also continued to shed workers , losing 899,000 jobs since the housing boom peaked in September 2006 .
“ There is no silver lining here , ” said Alan Krueger , a professor of economics at Princeton University and a former chief economist for the Labor Department .
“ The only sectors that did n’t shrink are education , healthcare and government . ”
Morici said that without a massive government stimulus program , the economic downturn would last a long time .
Advertisement
“ This will prove to be a depression if we do n’t act quickly , ” Morici said .
“ The economy is not in a self - correcting mode .
Recessions self - correct , but depressions do not . ”
Although momentum is growing for a massive relief package , Democrats and Republicans and some factions in both parties are at odds over just what measures to include and how large they should be .
House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) expressed support for some kind of a stimulus program but said it should emphasize tax cuts , not government - funded job programs and other spending .
Advertisement
“ America can not buy its way to prosperity with more and more government spending , ” Boehner said in a statement .
Republicans privately acknowledge that Obama has more than enough votes now to pass the stimulus package , even in the Senate , where significant legislation needs a 60 - vote majority to avoid a filibuster .
But the incoming president wants to win his first major legislative test with an overwhelming bipartisan majority .
“ They have 60 votes on the stimulus bill walking in the door .
But they want 80 , ” said a senior Republican aide .
That gives the Republicans leverage in the negotiations .
Obama has proposed about $ 300 billion in tax cuts -- about 40 % of the total package .
Advertisement
At the same time , Democratic senators laid out their own concerns in a private meeting Thursday with Lawrence Summers , Obama ’s choice to head the National Economic Council .
“ It was productive , ” Sen. Barbara Boxer of California said .
“ Larry Summers , one of the words he said was , ‘ I get what you mean .
I ’m going to go back .
I hear you . ’ ”
--
maura.reynolds@latimes.com
Advertisement
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
DIGG THIS
Very few college students these days will attend a campus lecture that is not a part of their assigned studies unless they are bribed with " extra credit " points .
I offer such opportunities to my students whenever an appropriate speaker appears on campus , such as when Professor Walter Block delivered a lecture at Loyola College in early November on the economics of the " gender gap . "
In order to get a few extra credit points the students are required to write up a short one - or two - page summary of the main points of the lecture , and to add any critical commentary they wish .
I am always adamant about telling them that I could care less if they agree with the speaker ; I only want them to follow the economic arguments that are made and to think critically about them .
Seventeen of my undergraduate students did just this , and guess what ?
Not one of them claims to have been " offended " by any " insensitive " remarks that Professor Block made .
They reacted to his remarks like adults , in other words , unlike some of their peers outside of economics , in the College administration , and the majority of the economics faculty .
In fact , several of them expressed the opinion that there is a serious problem among their peers in terms of their inability to engage in any kind of critical thinking about anything .
All seventeen students clearly summarized Professor Block ’s main point that marriage affects men and women very differently in terms of their future earning abilities , and is therefore an important cause of the male / female wage gap .
They all wrote of his " marital asymmetry hypothesis . "
A typical remark in the papers that were turned in to me was this one : " Since married women devote more time to their families on average than men do , their productivity [ in the workplace ] will inevitably decrease due to the finite amount of time allotted in the day . "
And so will their wages , consequently .
Several chose to include a comment about a poll that Professor Block took of the room full of about 75 students .
As one explained : " He then took a poll of the listeners .
There were three categories :
Those who think that men do more housework ; those who think housework is equal between men and women ; and those who think women do more housework .
Overwhelmingly the listeners thought women did the majority of the housework . "
Professor Block ’s point was " if women do one thing [ housework , raising children ] , then they give up doing another .
If we assume that men and women are equal and able ( have equal productivity ) then the housework is the reason for the wage gap . "
During the lecture Professor Block used the example of the famous Baltimore Olympian Michael Phelps , commenting that he could never be a very good concert musician , for example , since he spends 8— 10 hours a day in a swimming pool and not practicing a musical instrument .
The opportunity cost of being an Olympic athlete is all of the other opportunities foregone , just as the opportunity cost of the joys of motherhood are , for most women , workplace wages foregone .
Most of my students found Professor Block ’s statistics to be very interesting and convincing .
As one of them wrote , his argument was " furthered by data that shows there is no wage gap between males and females who are unmarried . "
They all understood that the main point of the lecture was that " marriage and marital status enhances male income and lowers females ’ , " as one student wrote , along with " women take a big wage cut because of taking time off . . . to have children . "
This of course is a direct challenge to the socialistic orthodoxy of academic feminism , which contends that capitalism is inherently sexist and that all of the " wage gap " is explained by the inherent sexism of male - dominated capitalism .
The challenging of this Marxist superstition is apparently what generated an explosion of indignation , hate , outrage , cries of sexism , demands for apologies , attacks on academic freedom , calls for censorship , and a carnival of buffoonish behavior on the part of the entire Loyola College administration and all of the economics department with the exceptions of myself and the department chairman , Father Hank Hilton , S.J .
This orgy of Stalinist political correctness seems to have been instigated by a single student who was able to persuade some of the more feebleminded and immature among his peers that Professor Block said things that he unequivocally did not say .
( One of my students said a student chat group was asking dumb and childish questions like , " why did that guy said that black people are unproductive ? , " which of course he never said . )
The administration , of course , believed every word of this troublemaker ’s lies without making any effort whatsoever to ask Professor Block , out of professional courtesy , if they were true .
Nor did any of the economists who signed an " apology " letter in the school newspaper ( despite the fact that most of them were not in attendance ) have the decency and manners to contact Professor Block , or the courage to actually sign their own names to the letter , which was misleadingly signed , " the economics department . "
My economics students are among the most intelligent on campus , and probably on most campuses , and many of them expressed disgust or disbelief over the whole asinine episode orchestrated by the College administration .
In fact one student , writing in the school newspaper , accused the College administration of constantly trying to fabricate the existence of racism or sexism on campus where none exists .
( After a very civil and successful student forum on the presidential candidates attended by over 100 students , the College administration apparently forced a number of students to take a " pledge of unity " that disavows racism , sexism , etc .
The student in charge of the forum , who was in one of my classes , said he detected no such behavior . )
" Professor Block ’s lecture was extremely interesting , " one of my students wrote in her extra credit paper .
" I found the lecture Professor Block gave very thought provoking " and " overall it was a very interesting lecture that raised some new questions in my mind , " said another .
This of course is what I hoped the lecture would do .
Another student wrote that " Unlike many lectures offered by other departments , I actually felt as though I had the chance to hear a different point of view . " " [ T ] he ideas Dr. Block articulated . . . are certainly different from those constantly being espoused . "
( Aha .
No wonder there was a near riot on campus . )
" Dr. Block ’s talk allowed me the opportunity to think about my own positions and reconsider their merits , " another student wrote .
" Block presents his argument in a simple and direct fashion that seems hard to dispute , " wrote a female student , who added that " His presentation style was very straightforward and made his arguments seem almost obvious . . . .
Personally , I really enjoyed the lecture , and as a female senior preparing to graduate , I thought the lecture was very enlightening . "
" While I enjoyed Block ’s discussion , I was surprised at how much controversy has stemmed from his presentation , " wrote another .
Sensing that the campus thought police had committed an ugly attack on academic freedom , this student added that " I am supportive of a university being a place where different academic ideas can be discussed freely . "
It ’s a pathetic state of affairs when a young undergraduate student feels the need to make such a declaration .
Yet another student noted that Professor Block ’s lecture was " unsurprising " to him , and " grounded in economic concepts rather than sexism or racism " as some had falsely charged .
The " uproar " over the lecture " especially illuminates the need for a greater emphasis on the study of economic concepts or at the least , critical thinking skills , for all students at Loyola College . "
Another student added that " Professor Block ’s lecture was very interesting and sparked huge discussions that would not have been brought up if he had not been here .
I enjoyed his lecture and his book Defending the Undefendable " [ which was assigned for my law and economics course ] .
With comments like these , I would normally be motivated to arrange for another seminar / debate on these topics , including several invited speakers , to turn Professor Block ’s lecture into an extraordinary learning experience for the students .
But the campus thought police , led by all of the top administrators and those letter - writing economists , made it very clear to me with their smearing and slandering of Professor Block that such a thing would not be welcomed .
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
1 ) The conflict started in 1992 , not in 2006 ; 2 ) Russia cannot win a gas war against Ukraine and knows it ; 3 ) the real underlying stakes are not about Russia or Ukraine .
As we enter yet another episode of worried or sanctimonious articles about the gas conflict between Russia and Ukraine , it 's worth remembering a few simple facts :
1 ) The conflict started in 1992 , not in 2006
A given in most of the coverage of this episode is that these things have been happening over the past few years only .
Everybody remembers the 2006 episode 3 years ago , which brought the issue to global awareness , and most coverage seems to think that this is when it all started .
It 's not .
Russia and Ukraine started squabbling about gas as soon as the Soviet Union broke up , ie from 1992 .
There were cuts to gas deliveries to Western Europe in 1992 and 1993 , which led the major importers - the GDFs , Ruhrgas and SNAMs - to set up offices in Kiev to try to understand what was going on and to bring pressure on the then new country of Ukraine to not interrupt gas deliveries .
I spent half a year in GDF 's Kiev office in 1994 , where I painstakingly collated local sources to prepare a report on the Ukrainian gas industry , and picked up most of the content for my PhD dissertation on the independence of Ukraine and its relationship with Russia , both of which were defined largely by gas .
I 've never been able to ascertain that Ukraine actually ever paid anything for gas to Russia then or since .
The reality is that the Soviet gas industry was born in Ukraine in the 1930s , and the infrastructure was built from there and Ukraine is still a central part of the gas pipeline network even as the focus of activity moved to Western Siberia .
Splitting the Soviet Union along Republic borders made for an often unworkable allocation of physical assets , and nowhere was this more true than for gas .
The consequence is that vital assets for Gazprom are located in Ukraine and thus no longer under its direct control .
The ties between the industry in the two countries are thus massive , impossible to unwind , and highly constraining .
Effectively , as soon as there is a conflict between the two countries , the temptation to use the " gas weapon " ( ie to hurt the other by , in the case of Russia , withholding gas or , in the case of Ukraine , withholding export infrastructure ) is large - and it has happened repeatedly , until , each time , cooler heads prevail .
So you could go back and look into Ukrainian and Russian papers from any date over the past 17 years and find that they have articles about unpaid Ukrainian debts for gas ( which , since 1992 , have for some reason always been in the $ 1.5 - 2 billion range ) and bilateral brinkmanship .
Yet somehow the gas continues to flow every year .
So why do we think that the conflict started in 2006 ?
Well , it 's just that we started to care that year , for some easy - to - identify reasons :
The 2004 orange revolution put Ukraine on the map , as a new , spunky member of the " democratic world " against the axis of evil and other assorted dictatorships , a group that Russia was beginning to join in the White House view .
Never mind that Yuschenko was initially more pro-Russian than Yanukovich , hardliners in both the US and the Kremlin were happy to play this as a West vs Russia fight and it de facto became one .
Suddenly , the arcane gas disputes that only a few buyers cared about became the battlefront between two large blocs , and one that the WestTM cared about .
The run up in oil prices since 2003 has had an impact on gas prices ( Russia 's gas is sold to Europe at prices indexed , with a lag , to oil prices ) and more generally on how much attention we give to energy - related issues .
For Russia , the urge to get more money out of the gas delivered to Ukraine was growing ; for the West , the attention paid to energy supplies similarly got more priority .
More importantly , 2006 is the year when the UK became , it seems unexpectedly for its political leadership , a gas importer rather than a gas exporter .
Suddenly , for the first time ever , security of gas supply became an issue for English - language experts .
Somehow , this turned into Europe 's dependency on Russian gas and Ukrainian transit being a big deal - never mind that Western Europe has been importing Russian gas for 40 years and that companies like GDF and Ruhrgas have been aware of the delicate situation of Ukrainian transit for 15 years .
's dependency on Russian gas and Ukrainian transit being a big deal - never mind that Western Europe has been importing Russian gas for 40 years and that companies like GDF and Ruhrgas have been aware of the delicate situation of Ukrainian transit for 15 years .
Almost at the same time , 10 Central and Eastern European countries joined the EU .
As the majority were former Soviet satellites ( or even Soviet Republics ) , they are very wary of Russia and most of them are highly dependent on Russian gas , because their supply infrastructure was built in the context of the COMECON .
While they are not all in the same situation ( in particular , transit countries have a lot more leverage ) , they have certainly encouraged the EU to focus on Russian gas supplies a lot more closely , and a lot more adversarially .
While these recent factors can explain why it 's not unreasonable to care more today than in the past about the underlying conflict , there is no excuse not to provide the relevant context , ie that this is a long , simmering dispute that has no good guys and no bad guys and which has very little to do with us .
2 ) Russia cannot win a gas war against Ukraine and knows it
The most important bit of information that would need to be provided is why this conflict happens in the first place , and how it 's been resolved in the past .
The reality of Soviet legacies is that Ukraine has a lot of vital Soviet - times gas infrastructure ( the pipelines are an obvious item , but , just as significantly , Ukraine controls most of the storage capacity of the Russian export system , something rather important when you know that winter gas demand is 2 - 3 times summer demand and pipelines can be made smaller if you can ship gas all year long and store it close to markets for winter use ) .
It is also a heavy - industry country , with very high gas demand .
It has also mostly depleted its gas reserves , making it heavily dependent on gas from Siberia .
So there is a strong co-dependency , with Russia needing Ukrainian infrastructure to honor its export contracts to Europe , and Ukraine needing Russian gas .
In the early years , there were additional constraints , such as the only Soviet manufacturer of large pipes used by Gazprom being in Ukraine , the only manufacturer of medium sized pipes ( needed by the Ukrainians ) being in Russia , and gas going to Southern Russia needing to flow through Ukrainian territory .
I have written in detail about this co-dependency in this article : Ukraine vs Russia : Tales of pipelines and dependence ( Dec. 30 , 2005 ) .
Ukraine used to get its gas allocation from Soviet planners , and continued to expect the same after independence .
When Russia first tried to get payment fors its deliveries in the early 90s , it failed ; when it first cut off gas to Ukraine to enforce payments , Ukraine simply tapped the gas sent for export purposes in Ukrainian - controlled pipelines ; when European buyers howled , Russia relented and restored gas supplies without having managed to be paid by Ukraine .
This happened repeatedly in 1992 - 1994 until both sides learnt not to make their disputes as public ( ED : " not " added in last sentence ) .
The exact same thing happened over the years , but more discreetly .
2006 marked a change in that the dispute was thrust into the limelight once again , but fundamentally the same thing as before happened .
The proof of this in January 2006 , Russia restored deliveries before an agreement was announced .
This was mostly overlooked in Western coverage of the crisis , as was the fact that the announced agreement was absurd on its face - everybody should have realised it was a sham ( the price Russia claimed to be getting and the price Ukraine agreed to " pay " were not compatible , even with the inclusion of ultra cheap gas from Turkmenistan - and nobody asked why Turmenistan would agree to such a low price ) .
The hard fact is that Russia cannot cut off Ukraine for any period of time , because that endangers its exports ( Kiev has always retaliated by siphoning exports ) , and Gazprom knows it perfectly well .
The other hard fact is that , in practice , giving roughly 20 % of its gas shipments to Ukraine as payment for transit ( over an average of more than 1,000 km ) is an acceptable transaction for both sides .
Of course , when prices for gas go up , as in recent years , the temptation to change the balance of the trade is tempting , but Russia simply has no practical way to do so .
If that is the case , why on earth does Russia play this charade every year - especially now that critical Western eyes are firmly locked on the issue ?
I have a simple theory : it 's all a distraction from what 's really at stake .
3 ) The real underlying stakes are not about Russia or Ukraine
The leadership of Gazprom has long ago understood that it could not get any money out of official deliveries to Ukraine .
It " solved " that problem in a completely different way , by privatising a portion of the gas trade to Ukraine - the portion going to customers able to pay for their gas .
These customers used to pay the central Ukrainian gas company , which did not pass on that money to Gazprom .
What was put into place was a mechanism whereby these customers would pay less for their gas , but would pay another supplier directly , formally unrelated to either Ukrainian gas authorities or Gazprom .
Of course , only gas coming from Russia could be delivered , and it still needed to use Ukraine 's gas infrastructure , so the active cooperation of Gazprom , Russian and Ukrainian senior people was required to put that Trade in place ( you can't move 30 billion cubic meters of gas per year without the approval of senior management , and cover from senior politicians ) - but the very real money generated did not need to go either to Kiev or to Moscow .
Thus the top people that enable that Trade are able to personally benefit massively from it - and effectively cut out both Kiev and Gazprom .
( I have described this Trade in a long article for French think tank IFRI here : Gazprom as a Predictable Partner .
Another Reading of the Russian - Ukrainian and Russian - Belarusian Energy Crises )
Now , such a juicy business attracts others keen to get in on the action .
In Ukraine , political infighting can largely be understood , in my view , by the fight over who will be the Ukrainian counterparty to that Trade .
( It 's no coincidence that Yulia Timoschenko made her fortune in gas trading in the 90s , and that Yanukovich represents some of the largest gas-users from heavy - industry in Eastern Ukraine ) .
In Russia , similarly , one has to go beyond the image of a monolithic Kremlin with its faithful Gazprom arm - both are rife with infighting and coalitions within both centers of power that come and go ( as an example , just look how the 50 % of Gazprom formally owned by the Russian State is split between at least two public bodies controlled by different senior Kremlin insiders ) .
So while the world is focused on the predictable public brinkmanship between Ukraine and Russia ( Russia threatens , Ukraine appears to cave in at the last minute , but really does n't , Russia cuts gas , Ukraine siphons gas , Russian is indignant , both sides make their case to Europe , Russia restores gas supplies , another meaningless agreement is announced ) , the real fight over the loot is taking place more discreetly between a few oligarchs in Moscow and Kiev .
But nobody is talking about that .
Which is the whole purpose of the theater show we are " offered . "
Worries about Russia or Gazprom using the " gas weapon " against Europe are misplaced .
In their official capacity , both are keenly aware of their absolute dependency on exports to Europe for a huge chunk of the country 's income , and on the need for stable , reliable long term relationships to finance the investments needed in gas infrastructure ( and they know their clients share that need ) .
They are happy to play power politics with the West 's worries as this goes down well with their own domestic audiences , but fundamentally they will not rock the gas boat .
Now , what is a lot more worrisome is that governments in Ukraine and Russia can tolerate -- and indeed encourage -- such blatant breaches of their authority and such large scale theft of what are effectively public resources .
That the highest levels of government in both countries , and major bits of their infrastructure can be instrumentalised in what are disputes between unknown oligarchs only shows how little rule of law and accountability there is in these countries , and how powerless Putin really is when dealing with competing power factions .
LONDON , Dec. 4 ( UPI ) -- A London firefighter who donated sperm so lesbian friends could have children said he was shocked and angered to learn they 're demanding child support .
Britain's Child Support Agency says only anonymous sperm donors are exempt from child support responsibilities unless the children are legally adopted , The Independent reported .
The agency has asked Andy Bathie , 37 , to pay thousands of pounds in child support for a girl and boy born to Sharon and Terri Arnold , Bathie told the paper .
Advertisement
Bathie , of north London , says he provided sperm to the couple about five years ago and was assured he would have no obligations to the children .
" I do n't have any particular ill will , " he told the paper .
" It 's the fact that I still even now do n't see why I should have to pay for another couple 's children . "
Warren Buffett and Bill Gates , with about $ 60 billion in assets each , are America 's richest men .
With all that money , what can they force us to do ?
Can they take our house to make room so that another person can build an auto dealership or a casino parking lot ?
Can they force us to pay money into the government - run retirement Ponzi scheme called Social Security ?
Can Buffett and Gates force us to bus our children to schools out of our neighborhood in the name of diversity ?
Unless they are granted power by politicians , rich people have little power to force us to do anything .
A GS - 9 , or a lowly municipal clerk , has far more life - and - death power over us .
It 's they to whom we must turn to for permission to build a house , ply a trade , open a restaurant and a myriad of other activities .
It 's government people , not rich people , who have the power to coerce and make our lives miserable .
Coercive power goes a long way toward explaining political corruption .
From the National Restaurant Association ( NRA ) : Restaurant Performance Index Fell to a Record Low in November as Economy Continued to Worsen
The outlook for the restaurant industry worsened in November , as the National Restaurant Association ’s comprehensive index of restaurant activity fell to a record - low level .
The Association ’s Restaurant Performance Index ( RPI ) – a monthly composite index that tracks the health of and outlook for the U.S. restaurant industry – stood at 96.7 in November , down 0.4 percent from October and its 13th consecutive month below 100 .
“ The November decline in the Restaurant Performance Index was the result of broad - based declines across the index components , with the Current Situation index falling to a new record low , ” said Hudson Riehle , senior vice president of Research and Information Services for the Association .
“ A solid majority of restaurant operators reported negative same - store sales and traffic levels in November , while nearly one - half expect their sales in six months to be lower than the same period in the previous year . ”
“ The continued deterioration in economic conditions is reflected in operator sentiment , with a record 47 percent of restaurant operators saying the economy is currently the number - one challenge facing their business , ” Riehle added .
“ Looking forward , restaurant operators are n’t particularly optimistic about an improvement either , with 49 percent expecting economic conditions to worsen in six months . ”
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Unfortunately the data for this index only goes back to 2002 .
The index values above 100 indicate a period of expansion ; index values below 100 indicate a period of contraction .
Based on this indicator , the restaurant industry has been contracting since November 2007 .
Pretty much anyone with a basic knowledge of web security knows to look for the padlock symbol and an address beginning ' https : ' before typing in personal or confidential details .
But security researchers say the system behind this safeguard may not be as secure as believed .
You should n't panic immediately , however : the workaround was found by legitimate researchers and the full details are being kept secret for obvious reasons .
It would also take both intensive computer power and some other hacking tricks for criminals to exploit the loophole .
At the moment , the security gap is more of a principle issue than a practical one .
The issue involves the web 's security certificate system , known as SSL ( Security Sockets Layer ) .
The ' https : ' address and padlock symbol show that data sent to and from a site will be encrypted and that the site has a legitimate security certificate proving it really is owned by the person or organization that it claims .
The certificate is checked by a third - party authority .
The problem is that both the encryption and the certificate verification are carried out with a mathematical algorithm -- in effect , a series of calculations .
Some of the authorities which check certificates still use an algorithm named MD5 which involves what is effectively a password of 32 letters or numbers .
While this seemed perfectly adequate when it was devised in 1991 , security experts say it is n't suitable for today 's Internet use .
Researchers have now found that using a barrage of computers , equivalent to a single machine working for 32 years , it 's possible to successfully forge a security certificate to an authority using MD5 .
( Source : cnet.com )
Alexander Sotirov , one of the lead researchers in the project , says the loophole is n't really a bug as the software does exactly what it is designed to do .
The problem is that modern computing power is strong enough to crack MD5 and that all certificate authorities should switch to a more modern alternative .
Some authorities are already using SHA - 1 which , rather than a 32 digit password , has one of more than 18 million trillion digits ( and yes , that 's a very large number ) .
( Source : nytimes.com )
Ask The Question
The Nation
Will you appoint a Special Prosecutor ( ideally Patrick Fitzgerald ) to independently investigate the gravest crimes of the Bush Administration , including torture and warrantless wiretapping ?
That question ranked sixth in voting last time -- out of over 10,000 submissions -- but the transition team only answered the top five questions .
Now that Vice President Cheney confessed his support for waterboarding on national television , flouting the rule of law , the issue is even more urgent .
Activist Bob Fertik , who has submitted the question twice , explains how you can vote to press this issue on the transition team :
Sign in at http://change.gov/openforquestions
Search for " Fitzgerald " [... and ] find our question Look right for the checkbox , mouseover it so it goes from white to dark , then click to cast your vote
While the press has fixated on the criminal allegations against Gov. Blagojevich , for some reason , the ( even more serious ) allegations of torture by officials in the current administration receive scant attention .
I have not heard one question about this during Obama 's transition press conferences , and the traveling press corps almost never pressed Obama on the issue during the general election campaign .
Just start it up and shoot !
Gather all of your friends around , have some fun !
When you 're done , share your photos and videos with 'em !
Cheese is a program for the GNOME Desktop which allows you to take photos , videos , and anything else you can think of with your webcam .
Feature tour
3... 2 ... 1 ... Cheese !
The countdown widget will let you get into position , or wreck everything , before the photo is taken .
The visual countdown will appear at the bottom of the image , and will give you time to press the " Take photo " button , and get ready !
So if you need to put on your eye makeup or fix your hair , do it fast !
You only have 3 seconds !
Add Cheesy Effects
Sick and tired of looking at the same face over and over again ?
Want it to be something else ?
Cheese allows you to add many different effects to photos , even several at a time !
There are heaps of effect combinations to choose from that will keep you smiling .
Morph yourself into Hulk or a nice pink alien , or even pile up effects in order to obtain the most amazing results !
Bu -bu - bu - burst Mode !
Cheese has got a new feature : burst mode !
From now on you can watch foxes walking in your garden , people getting drunk over time at your party or have many photos to laugh at afterwards .
Just set the amount of photos you want to be taken and the time delay and Cheese will take them .
Go to Hollywood
Not only does Cheese allow you to take great photos , but it also allows you to take videos .
Effects , sharing , and everything that you can do with photos you can do with videos as well .
Instead of preparing for that one moment , invite some friends , record your session and laugh about it afterwards .
So Mr. Kubrick , go ahead and present us your new Hollywood - movie !
Or do you want to be a music star and record the video to your new song ?
Grin widely
We have optimized our User Interface especially for Netbook users in order to create an awesome experience on small displays too .
You can try Cheese out sitting in a cafe with your friends , travelling in a train or just sitting in a hotel lobby .
There are no excuses anymore , as most netbooks come with an integrated webcam .
Kiosk / Fullscreen mode
Have you ever wanted to set up Cheese in the lobby of your office ?
Or to have it running at a party with a lot of people ?
This and much more is just a click away : enter the fullscreen mode and enjoy Cheese on the whole display !
Attention :
This can lead to Cheese - affection , which means that everybody will be standing in front of your webcam and not drinking your beer anymore
Addicted to webcams ?
You have several webcams ?
You can't stop taking photos of yourself and your friends ?
The only reason you have USB - Ports is to attach Webcams ?
With Cheese 2.28 , you now can switch between your installed webcams with just one click !
Just open the shiny new preference dialog and choose your favored webcam .
You can also set the resolution of your webcam there !
But there is more !
You can also configure webcam settings , such as the brightness , contrast and much more !
Now get all your webcams out of your locker , attach them to your computer and play with them !
Share your Photos and Videos
Finished taking photos and movies ?
Then go ahead and share your files with your friends and family !
You can export them to F - Spot , put them on Flickr , mail them or use them as your account photo in GNOME .
You can also save them to your disk to do anything you want with them ... the possibilities are endless !
With nautilus - sendto installed , you even have further possibilities to share your photos and movies !
Cheese makes it super easy to share your photos and videos .
Endless Possibilities
Do n't just sit there , find out what you can do with Cheese today !
Install Cheese and have fun , send us your funniest photos and videos , share your fun with others !
If you want more features or have some great ideas on what we could do to make Cheese rock even more , do not hesitate to contact us or to fill a bug at our bug tracking website .
The latest Dairy Milk wrappers feature a logo showing a glass and a half of milk being poured into a chocolate chunk , put milk first in a list of ingredients and explains that there is " The equivalent of three quarters of a pint of milk of fresh liquid milk in every half pound of milk chocolate " .
[ / caption ]
Recent pictures from the Cassini spacecraft of Titan ’s south polar region reveal new lake features not seen in images of the same region taken a year earlier .
Extensive cloud systems seen in images covering the area during past year suggest that the new lakes could be the result of a large rainstorm and that lakes on Titan owe their presence , size and distribution to the moon ’s weather and changing seasons .
But there must also be large underground reservoirs as well of the liquids on Titan .
Those liquids are n’t water , of course , but super - cold hydrocarbons like methane .
For several years , Cassini scientists have suspected that dark areas near the north and south poles of Saturn ’s largest satellite might be liquid - filled lakes .
Cassini ’s Imaging Science Subsystem ( ISS ) have now surveyed nearly all of Titan ’s surface , helping to create an updated global map .
Observations have documented greater stores of liquid methane in the northern hemisphere than in the southern hemisphere .
And , as the northern hemisphere moves toward summer , Cassini scientists predict large convective cloud systems will form there and precipitation greater than that inferred in the south could further fill the northern lakes with hydrocarbons .
Some of the north polar lakes are large .
If full , Kraken Mare — at 400,000 square kilometers — would be almost five times the size of North America ’s Lake Superior .
All the north polar dark ‘ lake ’ areas observed by ISS total more than 510,000 square kilometers — almost 40 percent larger than Earth ’s largest “ lake , ” the Caspian Sea .
However , evaporation from these large surface reservoirs is not great enough to replenish the methane lost from the atmosphere by rainfall and by the formation and eventual deposition on the surface of methane - derived haze particles .
“ A recent study suggested that there ’s not enough liquid methane on Titan ’s surface to resupply the atmosphere over long geologic timescales , ” said Dr. Elizabeth Turtle , Cassini imaging team associate at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab in Laurel , Md. , and lead author of a paper published today in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
“ Our new map provides more coverage of Titan ’s poles , but even if all of the features we see there were filled with liquid methane , there ’s still not enough to sustain the atmosphere for more than 10 million years . ”
Combined with previous analyses , the new observations suggest that underground methane reservoirs must exist .
Titan is the only satellite in the solar system with a thick atmosphere in which a complex organic chemistry occurs .
“ It ’s unique , ” Turtle said .
“ How long Titan ’s atmosphere has existed or can continue to exist is still an open question . ”
That question and others related to the moon ’s meteorology and its seasonal cycles may be better explained by the distribution of liquids on the surface .
Scientists also are investigating why liquids collect at the poles rather than low latitudes , where dunes are common instead .
“ Titan ’s tropics may be fairly dry because they only experience brief episodes of rainfall in the spring and fall as peak sunlight shifts between the hemispheres , ” said Dr. Tony DelGenio of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York , a co-author and a member of the Cassini imaging team .
“ It will be interesting to find out whether or not clouds and temporary lakes form near the equator in the next few years . ”
Titan and the transformations on its surface brought about by the changing seasons will continue to be a major target of investigation throughout Cassini ’s Equinox mission .
Source : CICLOPS
Finally , Amarok 2 has been released .
The 1.x series were the champions on music management ( on BSD and Linux ) and playing during KDE 3.x time .
Actually , it was preferred on all desktop environments , shells or plain windows managers .
KDE 4 meant ( and means ) an enormous refactoring of basely all KDE .
Amarok developers decided that was the moment for a new GUI ( Graphical User Interface ) .
At first users , seemed to be happy about it ( they were they beloved Amarok creators ) , however , as time passed they truly started hating the new interface , some adapted , other are still using Amarok 1.4.x , and the majority , completely migrate to another application .
After that little introduction , let 's explore how , the controversial , Amarok 2 is :
Amarok 2
As always , let 's begin by how it looks the first time you run it , in this regard Amarok has definitively improved , the old wizard asked too many questions , and some " complicated " ones , like which database backend you wanted After you picked where you music is stored , Amarok will update the content of your collection automatically .
Amarok 1.4 was praised for it 's interface , so let 's make a little screenshot comparative , just look at both of them , you 're call here :
The sidebar tabs
The collection tab Those thing at the left side of Amarok .
I 'm not a supporter for tabs on sides , but it is n't anything critical .
I 'll cover each one with a good amount of detail
Here you can watch every single music file from your collection .
They 're ordered by Artist , then album , and finally single songs
It has an advanced search feature , to access it just click on " advanced "
Or , if you find that dialog to be the poorest design ever by mankind ( my god , so much waste space ) , you just simply write what string you 're looking for .
As an example , let 's say you want to search for artists only , just write " artist " plus " : " at the end ;-)
The internet tab
The search works as expected It has an advanced search feature , to access it just click on " advanced " Or , if you find that dialog to be the poorest design ever by mankind ( my god , so much waste space ) , you just simply write what string you 're looking for .
As an example , let 's say you want to search for artists only , just write " artist " plus " : " at the end ;-)
Amarok 1.4.x offered integration with Magnatune Music Store and decent radio services .
However , on version 2 it got a plugin based service , called internet services .
In addition to Magnatune , it got Jamendo integration , among other .
This feature is absolutely awesome , this is how it looks Jamendo service :
Allows you to download music from this " store " .
The interface is simple , and the search feature is a given
Allows you to download music from this " store " .
The interface is simple , and the search feature is a given
Find a little bit more about the artist once you add the " service info applet " to the context view , will see more about this plasma containment later
Find a little bit more about the artist once you add the " service info applet " to the context view , will see more about this plasma containment later
Downloading is a breeze
And it 's very integrated , since it opens KGet ( or your default torrent application I assume ) for managing the download
Librivox.org . :
To be fair , I hate audiobooks , and I 'm yet to find anything I would read ( listen ? ) ( mainly philosophy or high quality literature ... ) on Librivox , but if you like audiobooks you may find some famous books there .
It 's quite easy to use , instead of browsing a catalog , you just search .
Magnatune.com : Has basely the same features as Jamendo service .
Of course , the only difference is that downloading ( not listening ) is n't free
Opmldirectory : Lots of podcast , about pretty much everything , really nice :-)
Shoutcast Directory :
An enormous list of radio stations , actually , in the service selection , it self - clames to be the biggest of all ( and I do n't doubt it is ) .
You can stream the songs directly from the internetDownloading is a breezeAnd it 's very integrated , since it opens KGet ( or your default torrent application I assume ) for managing the downloadTo be fair , I hate audiobooks , and I 'm yet to find anything I would read ( listen ? ) ( mainly philosophy or high quality literature ... ) on Librivox , but if you like audiobooks you may find some famous books there .
It 's quite easy to use , instead of browsing a catalog , you just search .
Has basely the same features as Jamendo service .
Of course , the only difference is that downloading ( not listening ) is n't freeLots of podcast , about pretty much everything , really nice :-)
An enormous list of radio stations , actually , in the service selection , it self - clames to be the biggest of all ( and I do n't doubt it is ) .
The playlist tab
Normal Playlists
Podcasts
The random playlist has 2 values to change how it mixes the music .
Based on certain values of the song , nothing advanced , but it 's nice .
You can save the presetNormal PlaylistsPodcasts
The files tab
To be fair , I do n't imagine somebody using it , however , it 's designed for finding audio files you want to play , but no add to your collection
The context view
The most controversial feature of Amarok 2 .
I 'm not against it , nor in favor .
It has some pretty bad usability problems , I 'll mention them as we advance on the article .
But if it improves ( and I think it will ) could become a killer feature .
First , how it looks of course
The most controversial feature of Amarok 2 .
I 'm not against it , nor in favor .
It has some pretty bad usability problems , I 'll mention them as we advance on the article .
But if it improves ( and I think it will ) could become a killer feature .
First , how it looks of course
Is that it ?
No , it 's just showing two plasmoids ( widgets ) .
And yes , those are plasmoids .
Amarok is actually running a Plasma containment inside it .
First lets focus on what those button at the bottom do
From left to right .
The first one is for adding plasmoids , it has a very rare menu ( ugly , on my opinion ) , but it does the job ...
In order to browse all plasmoids you have to click the arrows
The third and fourth are moving between " plasma workspaces " .
The idea itself is n't bad , that way you can have more plasmoids and information , but the implementation left a lot to be desired , specially since you can't know for sure what 's on the next one , this will be adressed on Amarok 2.1 tough :-) since it will be running certain plasmoids by default and will be showing tabs with the content of it
The last one is the ZUI ( Zooming User Interface ) .
It sucks big time , and it 's useless .
Fortunately it has been ditched for Amarok 2.1
Albums and Current track info Now for the important part , the plasmoids .
In the following screenshot I 'm using
Service widget : Works well , except for the crappy scrollbars that some times appear
Works well , except for the crappy scrollbars thattimes appear
The lyric widget : Works well , except for the crappy scrollbars that always appear
Works well , except for the crappy scrollbars thatappear
Wikipedia widget : Works decently , except for the crappy scrollbars that always appear
Works decently , except for the crappy scrollbars thatappear
If you go to the more section , you 'll get the following options
One truly cool feature is what Amarok developers implemented to get the rid of the following big problem :
The collection was too far from the playlist , making the dragging path too big .
Check out their solution :-)
If you go to the more section , you 'll get the following options
The Playlist
3 covers arts of the current playing song , and that is n't the
Well , well , this is how it looks , those icons on the bottom are self - explanatory ( from left to right : clear playlist , show active track , undo , redo , save , export ) .
Another controversial feature .
Sincerely , the original idea was better ( you could contracted albums ) , now it 's just a playlist with a Yet - Another - Album - Cover being showed ( if you go up and check and screenshot of the whole Amarok , you 'll see that there arecovers arts of the current playing song , and that is n't the worst possible scenario ) .
Well , well , this is how it looks , those icons on the bottom are self - explanatory ( from left to right : clear playlist , show active track , undo , redo , save , export ) .
The flaw :
It shows a lot less items in the same amount of vertical space .
Same collection , loaded on Amarok 1.4 and 2 .
Amarok 2 is almost showing 16 , while Amarok 1.4 is showing 24 ( a 50 % more ) .
But , of course , Amarok 2 playlist is much prettier .
The super , ultra , mega , unimaginable and any other exaggerated adjetive , flaw :
If any of your songs belong to the same album ... you 're toasted ... only 11 ( vs the same 24 )
The not - so - bad situation :
If they all belong to the same a album , you get 21 .
Other features
If they all belong to the same a album , you get 21 .
It shows a lot less items in the same amount ofspace .
Same collection , loaded on Amarok 1.4 and 2 .
Amarok 2 is almost showing 16 , while Amarok 1.4 is showing 24 ( a 50 % more ) .
But , of course , Amarok 2 playlist is much prettier .
If any of your songs belong to the same album ... you 're toasted ... only 11 ( vs the same 24 )
Amarok 2 has other small features , they 're quite cool actually .
Script Manager :
By default it includes a script for fetching lyrics , Librivox.org , Cool Streams ( Radio stations ) and a Amarok script console
Cover Manager : Practically all recent OSS music players download your cover arts , but only Amarok and Exaile have a manager for them .
The first being quite superior
You can also browse them by artist
And of course , watch it full size
OSD : It looks well , it could work better , in my eyes it has some issues , for , example , if I put it close to my panel , I expect it to never touch it , but songs with long names or rating will , but I 'm being nit -picky here
Configuration Dialog
Personal Criticism
Custom widgets ... which do n't integrate
Not to mention that those are some ENORMOUS buttons , the overlap is soo dumb , I mean , if you want to safe space you should make them smaller not overlapping giant icons ...
Lack of a customizable GUI :
You can't rearrange any GUI element , forget about changing the order of the sidebar , context view and playlist , or putting the controls on the bottom , or make them smaller , you can't even hide the menubar .
This is a buggy release :
Yes , you can use it as your main music player , it wo n't crash , but it has many little bugs , among them , the most annoying one I think is that you usually have to restart Amarok for this to notice changes .
Even basic ones as changing a cover art needs this .
Well , this is all for know .
I hope you liked this overview .
As a side note , would you like to see more screenshot with reflections ( as in all of them , powered by screenie , btw ) or you prefer what I did here ?
Coming up next :
Kontact ( KMail part )
Aside from those I already mentioned , I think there are a few worth marking problem with Amarok 2 , at least , on my eyes .
Amarok configuration has been simplified .
It seems to be one of those application that is following the new KDE 4 guidelines ( Dolphin like ) for configuration dialogs .
How is that ?
Well , they are 100 % self - explanatory , easy and uncluttered to follow .
Take a look Practically all recent OSS music players download your cover arts , but only Amarok and Exaile have a manager for them .
The first being quite superior
You can also browse them by artistAnd of course , watch it full size
It looks well , it could work better , in my eyes it has some issues , for , example , if I put it close to my panel , I expect it to never touch it , but songs with long names or rating will , but I 'm being nit -picky here
The second one is obviously for removing plasmoids
It also support Get How New Stuff !
So installing new functionality is extremely easy :-)
Joe Francis and Larry Flynt claim the economy has made America 's sexual appetite go limp , so they 're going to the one place where sex is always rampant -- Congress .
Flynt ( the " Hustler " guy ) and Francis ( the " Girls Gone Wild " dude ) are asking the government for a $ 5 billion bailout , claiming the adult entertainment industry has taken a huge shot to the face because of the downturn -- citing the fact that XXX DVD sales are down 22 % from a year ago .
" With all this economic misery and people losing all that money , sex is the farthest thing from their mind , " Flynt says .
" It 's time for Congress to rejuvenate the sexual appetite of America . "
Francis sees his industry like the big three automakers , only BIGGER : " Congress seems willing to help shore up our nation 's most important businesses ; we feel we deserve the same consideration . "
Emacs has some nice facilities for interacting with external
processes .
Recently I was working with an extremely long line with no
spaces that I wanted to split into lines of 72 characters .
I banged
this out in about 20 seconds :
M-| ( shell - command - on - region ) perl -e '$_=<>;s/(.{72} )/$1
/ g;print '
Now ,
Maybe I could have written this to a file and run perl on it using
the shell
the shell Maybe I could have used a keyboard macro , something like C-x ( C-u 7 2 C -f < RET > C-x ) C-x C-e e e e e ...
perhaps $ _ <>= can be replaced with just <> or an appropriate command line switch , reducing my character count by two
<>= can be replaced with just or an appropriate command line switch , reducing my character count by two Maybe there is a function within emacs that does this already –
perhaps something similar to ( let ( ( sentence-end " . " ) )
( fill - paragraph nil ) ) ( which does n’t work )
However , interacting with the external process
a ) worked first time and
b ) made me feel clever
and sometimes , particularly in this kind of job , that is the most important thing .
The official Republican party response from Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal was surprising for a number of reasons , not least because he declared his party ’s support for affordable universal healthcare coverage , something with very little history to back it up .
He clearly sought to co-opt Obama ’a can - do “ era of responsibility ” message .
He even went as far as to suggest that somehow his vision might be more in line with the spirit of great historic achievements like the freeing of slaves than Obama ’s , perhaps an ethical low in purely rhetorical flourishes .
But Jindal ’s speech was severely tone - deaf and outdated for a very important reason : he seemed totally unaware of the level of pervasive mistrust now felt by the American electorate for the bizarre Republican obsession with seeking government office in order to undermine the effectiveness of government .
For a leading politician to say he opposes the government ’s role in helping make America a more prosperous place is akin to confessing he has learned absolutely nothing from either Hurricane Katrina or the election of Barack Obama .
There was real arrogance in Jindal ’s citing Katrina as an example of why government cannot be trusted , precisely because it was the party he represents that was wholly responsible for the catastrophic federal response , and that event was in part the impetus that pushed the nation toward the Democratic party .
[ ad #cafsen - intext ]
Barack Obama was elected in large part because he is seen as the antidote to the rampant incompetence that resulted from the anti-government approach of Republicans who spoke very much like Bobby Jindal did tonight .
Jindal is in a highly undesirable situation , considering that nearly all of the positive inroads he might try to make to the center , or even the center - right , of the American political spectrum , is already being far more expertly spoken and implemented by the Democratic president himself .
He might be a more moderate Republican figure on a number of issues , but is now facing the problem of having to “ find a voice ” on the fringe of the far - right , where his party owns the game .
He is facing pressure from the national party , which still operates under the worrying misconception that the nation ’s rapid and overwhelming shift to the left was somehow the result of his party being neither ideological nor rightist enough .
In fact , it was the misguided , poorly imagined and irresponsible ideology of his party that lost them their brief grip on the American system of government , and it is likely that this persistent irrelevance to the current crisis means the Republican party will continue to wander in the wilderness , surrendering the broad center to the Democrats possibly for a generation , as happened in the 1930s .
Bobby Jindal even went to the extreme of trying to cloak himself in Obama ’s issues , while providing absolutely zero specifics , then appearing to accuse Obama of somehow not holding the very views being stolen .
He talked about “ transparency ” , even an unprecedented level of it , while not acknowledging that the most important push for transparency in the history of incoming administrations has just taken place and that his party has done nothing in recent years to promote that ideal .
Jindal needs to take stock , to understand why his message was so flat , so off - balance , so inept in response to a sweeping policy - specific address with actual can - do proposals , such as Obama’s .
He may find that the flaw in his speech is his party ’s ideology , and the assumption that all things can be fixed by stripping funding for potentially productive government activity .
He may find his party needs a true division in leadership , and a true competition for the future , and he will have to choose sides if a credible platform for national government will be crafted .
Archive - name : autos / gasoline - faq / part1
Posting - Frequency : monthly
Last - modified : 17 November 1996
Version : 1.12
View all headers Path : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!news2.telebyte.nl!newsfeed.stueberl.de!newsfeeds.ihug.co.nz!ihug.co.nz!news.comnet.co.nz!not-for-mail From : Bruce Hamilton < B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz >
Newsgroups : rec.autos.tech,rec.answers,news.answers
Subject : Gasoline FAQ - Part 1 of 4 Followup - To : rec.autos.tech Date : Thu , 15 Jan 2004 22:15:11 +1300 Organization : Industrial Research Limited Lines : 1030 Approved : news-answers-request@mit.edu Expires : 15 Feb 2004 00:00:01 GMT Message - ID : < 9dmc00da0n4qo5f3mt0ff7l2lj01kpluq8@4ax.com >
Reply - To : B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz NNTP - Posting - Host : ippool31-189-irl.remote.irl.cri.nz Mime - Version : 1.0 Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=us-ascii Content - Transfer - Encoding : 7bit X - Trace : news.comnet.co.nz 1074158110 19324 131.203.243.189 ( 15 Jan 2004 09:15:10 GMT ) X - Complaints - To : usenet@news.comnet.co.nz NNTP - Posting - Date : 15 Jan 2004 09:15:10 GMT X - Newsreader : Forte Free Agent 1.93/32.576 English ( American ) Xref : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu rec.autos.tech:530534 rec.answers:84595 news.answers:264292
View main headers
See reader questions & answers on this topic ! -
Help others by sharing your knowledge FAQ : Automotive Gasoline Bruce Hamilton B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz
This FAQ is posted monthly to the Usenet groups news .
answers , rec.answers , and rec.autos.tech .
The latest copy should be available on the WWW from sites that automatically convert those FAQs , such as www.faqs.org.
Changes : - added a little more data on US crude oil resources .
Subject : 1 . Introduction , Intent , Acknowledgements , and Abbreviations 1.1 Introduction and Intent .
The intent of this FAQ is to provide some basic information on gasolines and other fuels for spark ignition engines used in automobiles .
The toxicity and environmental reasons for recent and planned future changes to gasoline are discussed , along with recent and proposed changes in composition of gasoline .
This FAQ is intended to help readers choose the most appropriate fuel for vehicles , assist with the diagnosis of fuel - related problems , and to understand the significance of most gasoline properties listed in fuel specifications .
I make no apologies for the fairly heavy emphasis on chemistry ; it is the only sensible way to describe the oxidation of hydrocarbon fuels to produce energy , water , and carbon dioxide .
1.2 Acknowledgements .
Thanks go to all the posters in sci.energy and rec.autos.
tech who spend valuable time responding to questions .
I would also like to acknowledge the considerable effort of L.M. Gibbs of Chevron , who has twice spent his valuable time courteously detailing errors and providing references for his corrections .
All remaining errors and omissions are mine .
1.3 Abbreviations .
AKI = Antiknock Index of Gasoline ( ( RON+MON ) /2 ) CI = Compression Ignition ( Diesel ) Gasoline = Petrol ( Yes , complaints were received :-) ) IC = Internal Combustion MON = Motor Octane Rating Octane = The Octane Rating of the Gasoline RFG = Reformulated Gasoline ( as defined by US Clean Air Act ) RON = Research Octane Rating SI = Spark Ignition ( Gasoline ) Subject : 2 . Table of Contents 1 .
Introduction , Intent , Acknowledgements , and Abbreviations 1.1 Introduction and Intent .
1.2 Acknowledgements .
1.3 Abbreviations .
2 . Table of Contents 3 . What Advantage will I gain from reading this FAQ ?
4 . What is Gasoline ? 4.1
Where does crude oil come from ?.
4.2
When will we run out of crude oil ?.
4.3
What is the history of gasoline ?
4.4
What are the hydrocarbons in gasoline ?
4.5
What are oxygenates ?
4.6
Why were alkyl lead compounds added ?
4.7
Why not use other organometallic compounds ?
4.8
What do the refining processes do ?
4.9
What energy is released when gasoline is burned ?
4.10 What are the gasoline specifications ?
4.11 What are the effects of the specified fuel properties ?
4.12 Are brands different ?
4.13 What is a typical composition ?
4.14 Is gasoline toxic or carcinogenic ?
4.15 Is unleaded gasoline more toxic than leaded ?
4.16 Is reformulated gasoline more toxic than unleaded ?
4.17 Are all oxygenated gasolines also reformulated gasolines ?
5 . Why is Gasoline Composition Changing ?
5.1
Why pick on cars and gasoline ?
5.2
Why are there seasonal changes ?
5.3
Why were alkyl lead compounds removed ?
5.4
Why are evaporative emissions a problem ?
5.5 Why control tailpipe emissions ?
5.6 Why do exhaust catalysts influence fuel composition ?
5.7
Why are " cold start " emissions so important ?
5.8
When will the emissions be " clean enough " ?
5.9
Why are only some gasoline compounds restricted ?
5.10 What does " renewable " fuel or oxygenate mean ?
5.11 Will oxygenated gasoline damage my vehicle ?
5.12 What does " reactivity " of emissions mean ?
5.13 What are " carbonyl " compounds ?
5.14 What are " gross polluters " ?
6 . What do Fuel Octane ratings really indicate ?
6.1 Who invented Octane Ratings ?
6.2 Why do we need Octane Ratings ?
6.3 What fuel property does the Octane Rating measure ?
6.4
Why are two ratings used to obtain the pump rating ?
6.5 What does the Motor Octane rating measure ?
6.6 What does the Research Octane rating measure ?
6.7
Why is the difference called " sensitivity " ?
6.8
What sort of engine is used to rate fuels ?
6.9 How is the Octane rating determined ?
6.10 What is the Octane Distribution of the fuel ?
6.11 What is a " delta Research Octane number " ?
6.12 How do other fuel properties affect octane ?
6.13 Can higher octane fuels give me more power ?
6.14 Does low octane fuel increase engine wear ?
6.15 Can I mix different octane fuel grades ?
6.16 What happens if I use the wrong octane fuel ?
6.17 Can I tune the engine to use another octane fuel ?
6.18 How can I increase the fuel octane ?
6.19 Are aviation gasoline octane numbers comparable ?
6.20 Can mothballs increase octane ?
7 . What parameters determine octane requirement ?
7.1 What is the Octane Number Requirement of a Vehicle ?
7.2
What is the effect of Compression ratio ?
7.3
What is the effect of changing the air - fuel ratio ?
7.4
What is the effect of changing the ignition timing 7.5
What is the effect of engine management systems ?
7.6 What is the effect of temperature and Load ? 7.7
What is the effect of engine speed ?
7.8
What is the effect of engine deposits ?
7.9 What is the Road Octane Number of a Fuel ?
7.10
What is the effect of air temperature ?.
7.11 What is the effect of altitude ?.
7.12 What is the effect of humidity ?.
7.13 What does water injection achieve ?.
8 . How can I identify and cure other fuel - related problems ?
8.1 What causes an empty fuel tank ?
8.2 Is knock the only abnormal combustion problem ?
8.3 Can I prevent carburetter icing ?
8.4 Should I store fuel to avoid the oxygenate season ?
8.5 Can I improve fuel economy by using quality gasolines ?
8.6
What is " stale " fuel , and should I use it ?
8.7 How can I remove water in the fuel tank ?
8.8 Can I use unleaded on older vehicles ?
8.9
How serious is valve seat recession on older vehicles ?
9 . Alternative Fuels and Additives 9.1
Do fuel additives work ?
9.2
Can a quality fuel help a sick engine ?
9.3
What are the advantages of alcohols and ethers ?
9.4
Why are CNG and LPG considered " cleaner " fuels .
9.5
Why are hydrogen - powered cars not available ?
9.6
What are " fuel cells " ?
9.7
What is a " hybrid " vehicle ?
9.8
What about other alternative fuels ?
9.9
What about alternative oxidants ?
10 . Historical Legends 10.1
The myth of Triptane 10.2 From Honda Civic to Formula 1 winner .
11 . References 11.1 Books and Research Papers 11.2 Suggested Further Reading Subject : 3 . What Advantage will I gain from reading this FAQ ?
This FAQ is intended to provide a fairly technical description of what gasoline contains , how it is specified , and how the properties affect the performance of your vehicle .
The regulations governing gasoline have changed , and are continuing to change .
These changes have made much of the traditional lore about gasoline obsolete .
Motorists may wish to understand a little more about gasoline to ensure they obtain the best value , and the most appropriate fuel for their vehicle .
There is no point in prematurely destroying your second most expensive purchase by using unsuitable fuel , just as there is no point in wasting hard - earned money on higher octane fuel that your automobile can not utilize .
Note that this FAQ does not discuss the relative advantages of specific brands of gasolines , it is only intended to discuss the generic properties of gasolines .
Subject : 4 . What is Gasoline ? 4.1
Where does crude oil come from ?.
The generally - accepted origin of crude oil is from plant life up to 3 billion years ago , but predominantly from 100 to 600 million years ago [ 1 ] .
" Dead vegetarian dino dinner " is more correct than " dead dinos " .
The molecular structure of the hydrocarbons and other compounds present in fossil fuels can be linked to the leaf waxes and other plant molecules of marine and terrestrial plants believed to exist during that era .
There are various biogenic marker chemicals ( such as isoprenoids from terpenes , porphyrins and aromatics from natural pigments , pristane and phytane from the hydrolysis of chlorophyll , and normal alkanes from waxes ) , whose size and shape can not be explained by known geological processes [ 2 ] .
The presence of optical activity and the carbon isotopic ratios also indicate a biological origin [ 3 ] .
There is another hypothesis that suggests crude oil is derived from methane from the earth 's interior .
The current main proponent of this abiotic theory is Thomas Gold , however abiotic and extraterrestrial origins for fossil fuels were also considered at the turn of the century , and were discarded then .
A large amount of additional evidence for the biological origin of crude oil has accumulated since then .
4.2
When will we run out of crude oil ?
It has been estimated that the planet contains over 6.4 x 10^15 tonnes of organic carbon that is cycled through two major cycles , but only about 18 % of that contributes to petroleum production .
The primary cycle ( turnover of 2.7-3.0 x 10 ^ 12 tonnes of organic carbon ) has a half - life of days to decades , whereas the large secondary cycle ( turnover 6.4 x 10^15 tonnes of organic carbon ) has a half - life of several million years [ 4 ] .
Much of this organic carbon is too dilute or inaccessible for current technology to recover , however the estimates represent centuries to millenia of fossil fuels , even with continued consumption at current or increased rates [ 5 ] .
The concern about " running out of oil " arises from misunderstanding the significance of a petroleum industry measure called the Reserves / Production ratio ( R/ P ) .
This monitors the production and exploration interactions .
The R/P is based on the concept of " proved " reserves of fossil fuels .
Proved reserves are those quantities of fossil fuels that geological and engineering information indicate with reasonable certainty can be recovered in the future from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions .
The Reserves / Production ratio is the proved reserves quantity divided by the production in the last year , and the result will be the length of time that those remaining proved reserves would last if production were to continue at the current level [ 6 ] .
It is important to note the economic and technology component of the definitions , as the price of oil increases ( or new technology becomes available ) , marginal fields become " proved reserves " .
We are unlikely to " run out " of oil , as more fields become economic .
Note that investment in exploration is also linked to the R/P ratio , and the world crude oil R/ P ratio typically moves between 20 - 40 years , however specific national incentives to discover oil can extend that range upward .
Concerned people often refer to the " Hubbert curves " that predict fossil fuel discovery rates would peak and decline rapidly .
M. King Hubbert calculated in 1982 that the ultimate resource base of the lower 48 states of the USA was 163 + - 2 billion barrels of oil , and the ultimate production of natural gas to be 24.6 +- 0.8 trillion cubic metres , with some additional qualifiers .
As production and proved resources were 147 billion barrels of oil and 22.5 trillion cubic metres of gas , Hubbert was implying that volumes yet to be developed could only be 16 - 49 billion barrels of oil and 2.1 - 4.5 trillion cubic metres .
Technology has confounded those predictions for natural gas [ 6a ] .
The US Geological Survey has also just increased their assessment of US ( not just the lower 48 states ) , inferred reserves crude oil by 60 billion barrels , and doubled the size of gas reserves to 9.1 trillion cubic metres .
When combined with the estimate of undiscovered oil and gas , the totals reach 110 billion barrels of oil and 30 trillion cubic metres of gas [ 7 ] .
When the 1995 USGS estimates of undiscovered and inferred crude oil are calculated for just the lower 48 states , they totalled ( in 1995 ) 68.9 billion barrels of oil , well above Hubbert 's highest estimate made in 1982 .
The current price for Brent Crude is approx .
$ 22 / bbl .
The world R/P ratio has increased from 27 years ( 1979 ) to 43.1 years ( 1993 ) .
The 1995 BP Statistical Review of World Energy provides the following data [ 6,7 ] .
Crude Oil Proved Reserves R/P Ratio Middle East 89.4 billion tonnes 93.4 year USA 3.8 9.8 years USA - 1995 USGS data 10.9 33.0 years Total World 137.3 43.0 years Coal Proved Reserves R/P Ratio USA 240.56 billion tonnes 247 years Total World 1,043.864 235 years Natural Gas Proved Reserves R/P Ratio USA 4.6 trillion cubic metres 8.6 years USA - 1995 USGS data 9.1 17.0 years Total World 141.0 66.4 years .
One billion = 1 x 10^9 .
One trillion = 1 x 10 ^12 .
One barrel of Arabian Light crude oil = 0.158987 m3 and 0.136 tonnes .
If the crude oil price exceeds $ 30 / bbl then alternative fuels may become competitive , and at $ 50 - 60 / bbl coal - derived liquid fuels are economic , as are many biomass - derived fuels and other energy sources [ 8 ] .
4.3
What is the history of gasoline ?
In the late 19th Century the most suitable fuels for the automobile were coal tar distillates and the lighter fractions from the distillation of crude oil .
During the early 20th Century the oil companies were producing gasoline as a simple distillate from petroleum , but the automotive engines were rapidly being improved and required a more suitable fuel .
During the 1910s , laws prohibited the storage of gasolines on residential properties , so Charles F. Kettering ( yes - he of ignition system fame ) modified an IC engine to run on kerosine .
However the kerosine - fuelled engine would " knock " and crack the cylinder head and pistons .
He assigned Thomas Midgley Jr. to confirm that the cause was from the kerosine droplets vaporising on combustion as they presumed .
Midgley demonstrated that the knock was caused by a rapid rise in pressure after ignition , not during preignition as believed [ 9 ] .
This then lead to the long search for antiknock agents , culminating in tetra ethyl lead [ 10 ] .
Typical mid-1920s gasolines were 40 - 60 Octane [ 11 ] .
Because sulfur in gasoline inhibited the octane - enhancing effect of the alkyl lead , the sulfur content of the thermally - cracked refinery streams for gasolines was restricted .
By the 1930s , the petroleum industry had determined that the larger hydrocarbon molecules ( kerosine ) had major adverse effects on the octane of gasoline , and were developing consistent specifications for desired properties .
By the 1940s catalytic cracking was introduced , and gasoline compositions became fairly consistent between brands during the various seasons .
The 1950s saw the start of the increase of the compression ratio , requiring higher octane fuels .
Octane ratings , lead levels , and vapour pressure increased , whereas sulfur content and olefins decreased .
Some new refining processes ( such as hydrocracking ) , specifically designed to provide hydrocarbons components with good lead response and octane , were introduced .
Minor improvements were made to gasoline formulations to improve yields and octane until the 1970s - when unleaded fuels were introduced to protect the exhaust catalysts that were also being introduced for environmental reasons .
From 1970 until 1990 gasolines were slowly changed as lead was phased out , lead levels plummetted , octanes initially decreased , and then remained 2 - 5 numbers lower , vapour pressures continued to increase , and sulfur and olefins remained constant , while aromatics increased .
In 1990 , the US Clean Air Act started forcing major compositional changes on gasoline , resulting in plummeting vapour pressure and increaing oxygenate levels .
These changes will continue into the 21st Century , because gasoline use in SI engines is a major pollution source .
Comprehensive descriptions of the changes to gasolines this century have been provided by L.M. Gibbs [ 12,13 ] .
The move to unleaded fuels continues worldwide , however several countries have increased the aromatics content ( up to 50 % ) to replace the alkyl lead octane enhancers .
These highly aromatic gasolines can result in in damage to elastomers and increased levels of toxic aromatic emissions if used without exhaust catalysts .
4.4
What are the hydrocarbons in gasoline ?
Hydrocarbons ( HCs ) are any molecules that just contain hydrogen and carbon , both of which are fuel molecules that can be burnt ( oxidised ) to form water ( H2O ) or carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
If the combustion is not complete , carbon monoxide ( CO ) may be formed .
As CO can be burnt to produce CO2 , it is also a fuel .
The way the hydrogen and carbons hold hands determines which hydrocarbon family they belong to .
If they only hold one hand they are called " saturated hydrocarbons " because they can not absorb additional hydrogen .
If the carbons hold two hands they are called " unsaturated hydrocarbons " because they can be converted into " saturated hydrocarbons " by the addition of hydrogen to the double bond .
Hydrogens are omitted from the following , but if you remember C = 4 hands , H = 1 hand , and O = 2 hands , you can draw the full structures of most HCs .
Gasoline contains over 500 hydrocarbons that may have between 3 to 12 carbons , and gasoline used to have a boiling range from 30C to 220C at atmospheric pressure .
The boiling range is narrowing as the initial boiling point is increasing , and the final boiling point is decreasing , both changes are for environmental reasons .
Detailed descriptions of structures can be found in any chemical or petroleum text discussing gasolines [ 14 ] .
4.4.1 Saturated hydrocarbons ( aka paraffins , alkanes ) - stable , the major component of leaded gasolines .
- tend to burn in air with a clean flame .
- octane ratings depend on branching and number of carbon atoms .
alkanes normal = continuous chain of carbons ( Cn H2n+2 ) - low octane ratings , decreasing with carbon chain length .
normal heptane C-C- C- C- C- C - C C7H16 iso = branched chain of carbons ( Cn H2n+2 ) - higher octane ratings , increasing with carbon chain branching .
iso octane = C C ( aka 2,2,4 - trimethylpentane ) | | C-C-C-C- C C8H18 | C cyclic = circle of carbons ( Cn H2n ) ( aka Naphthenes ) - high octane ratings .
cyclohexane = C / \ C C | | C6H12 C C \ / C 4.4.2 Unsaturated Hydrocarbons - Unstable , are the remaining component of gasoline .
-
Tend to burn in air with a smoky flame .
Alkenes ( aka olefins , have carbon=carbon double bonds ) -
These are unstable , and are usually limited to a few %. - tend to be reactive and toxic , but have desirable octane ratings .
C | C5H10 2 - methyl - 2- butene C-C=C - C Alkynes ( aka acetylenes , have carbon - carbon triple bonds ) -
These are even more unstable , are only present in trace amounts , and only in some poorly - refined gasolines .
_ Acetylene C=C C2H2 Arenes ( aka aromatics ) -
Used to be up to 40 % , gradually being reduced to < 20 % in the US .
- tend to be more toxic , but have desirable octane ratings .
- Some countries are increasing the aromatic content ( up to 50 % in some super unleaded fuels ) to replace the alkyl lead octane enhancers .
C C // \ // \ C C C- C C Benzene | || Toluene | || C C C C \\ / \\ / C C C6H6 C7H8 Polynuclear Aromatics ( aka PNAs or PAHs ) -
These are high boiling , and are only present in small amounts in gasoline .
They contain benzene rings joined together .
The simplest , and least toxic , is Naphthalene , which is only present in trace amounts in traditional gasolines , and even lower levels are found in reformulated gasolines .
The larger multi-ringed PNAs are highly toxic , and are not present in gasoline .
C C // \ / \\ C C C Naphthalene | || | C10H8 C C C \\ / \ // C C 4.5
What are oxygenates ?
Oxygenates are just preused hydrocarbons :-) .
They contain oxygen , which can not provide energy , but their structure provides a reasonable antiknock value , thus they are good substitutes for aromatics , and they may also reduce the smog - forming tendencies of the exhaust gases [ 15 ] .
Most oxygenates used in gasolines are either alcohols ( Cx - O - H ) or ethers ( Cx - O - Cy ) , and contain 1 to 6 carbons .
Alcohols have been used in gasolines since the 1930s , and MTBE was first used in commercial gasolines in Italy in 1973 , and was first used in the US by ARCO in 1979 .
The relative advantages of aromatics and oxygenates as environmentally - friendly and low toxicity octane - enhancers are still being researched .
Ethanol C-C-O - H C2H5OH C | Methyl tertiary butyl ether C - C - O - C C4H9OCH3 ( aka tertiary butyl methyl ether ) | C
They can be produced from fossil fuels eg methanol ( MeOH ) , methyl tertiary butyl ether ( MTBE ) , tertiary amyl methyl ether ( TAME ) , or from biomass , eg ethanol ( EtOH ) , ethyl tertiary butyl ether ( ETBE ) ) .
MTBE is produced by reacting methanol ( from natural gas ) with isobutylene in the liquid phase over an acidic ion-exchange resin catalyst at 100C .
The isobutylene was initially from refinery catalytic crackers or petrochemical olefin plants , but these days larger plants produce it from butanes .
MTBE production has increased at the rate of 10 to 20 % per year , and the spot market price in June 1993 was around $ 270 / tonne [ 15 ] .
The " ether " starting fluids for vehicles are usually diethyl ether ( liquid ) or dimethyl ether ( aerosol ) .
Note that " petroleum ethers " are volatile alkane hydrocarbon fractions , they are not a Cx - O - Cy compound .
Oxygenates are added to gasolines to reduce the reactivity of emissions , but they are only effective if the hydrocarbon fractions are carefully modified to utilise the octane and volatility properties of the oxygenates .
If the hydrocarbon fraction is not correctly modified , oxygenates can increase the undesirable smog - forming and toxic emissions .
Oxygenates do not necessarily reduce all exhaust toxins , nor are they intended to .
Oxygenates have significantly different physical properties to hydrocarbons , and the levels that can be added to gasolines are controlled by the 1977 Clean Air Act amendments in the US , with the laws prohibiting the increase or introduction of a fuel or fuel additive that is not substantially similar to any fuel or fuel additive used to certify 1975 or subsequent years vehicles .
Waivers can granted if the product does not cause or contribute to emission device failures , and if the EPA does not specifically decline the application after 180 days , it is taken as granted .
In 1978 the EPA granted 10 % by volume of ethanol a waiver , and have subsequently issued waivers for < 10 vol % ethanol ( 1982 ) , 7 vol % tertiary butyl alcohol ( 1979 ) , 5.5 vol % 1:1 MeOH / TBA ( 1979 ) , 3.5 mass % oxygen derived from 1:1 MeOH / TBA = ~ 9.5 vol % of the alcohols ( 1981 ) , 3.7 mass % oxygen derived from methanol and cosolvents = 5 vol % max MeOH and 2.5 vol % min cosolvent - with some cosolvents requiring additional corrosion inhibitor ( 1985,1988 ) , 7.0 vol % MTBE ( 1979 ) , and 15.0 vol % MTBE ( 1988 ) .
Only the ethanol waiver was exempted from the requirement to still meet ASTM volatility requirements [ 16 ] .
In 1981 the EPA ruled that fuels could contain aliphatic alcohols ( except MeOH ) and / or ethers at concentrations until the oxygen content is 2.0 mass % .
It also permitted 5.5 vol % of 1:1 MeOH / TBA .
In 1991 the maximum oxygen content was increased to 2.7 mass % .
To ensure sufficient gasoline base was available for ethanol blending , the EPA also ruled that gasoline containing up to 2 vol % of MTBE could subsequently be blended with 10 vol % of ethanol [ 16 ] .
Initially , the oxygenates were added to hydrocarbon fractions that were slightly - modified unleaded gasoline fractions , and these were known as " oxygenated " gasolines .
In 1995 , the hydrocarbon fraction was significantly modified , and these gasolines are called " reformulated gasolines " ( RFGs ) , and there are differing specifications for California ( Phase 2 ) and Federal ( simple model ) RFGs , however both require oxygenates to provide Octane .
The California RFG requires the hydrocarbon composition of the RFG to be significantly more modified than the existing oxygenated gasolines to reduce unsaturates , volatility , benzene , and the reactivity of emissions .
Federal regulations only reduce vapour pressure and benzene directly , however aromatics are also reduced to meet emissions criteria [ 16 ] .
Oxygenates that are added to gasoline function in two ways .
Firstly they have high blending octane , and so can replace high octane aromatics in the fuel .
These aromatics are responsible for disproportionate amounts of CO and HC exhaust emissions .
This is called the " aromatic substitution effect " .
Oxygenates also cause engines without sophisticated engine management systems to move to the lean side of stoichiometry , thus reducing emissions of CO ( 2 % oxygen can reduce CO by 16 % ) and HC ( 2 % oxygen can reduce HC by 10 % ) [ 17 ] , and other researchers have observed similar reductions also occur when oxygenates are added to reformulated gasolines on older and newer vehicles , but have also shown that NOx levels may increase , as also may some regulated toxins [ 18,19,20 ] .
However , on vehicles with engine management systems , the fuel volume will be increased to bring the stoichiometry back to the preferred optimum setting .
Oxygen in the fuel can not contribute energy , consequently the fuel has less energy content .
For the same efficiency and power output , more fuel has to be burnt , and the slight improvements in combustion efficiency that oxygenates provide on some engines usually do not completely compensate for the oxygen .
There are huge number of chemical mechanisms involved in the pre-flame reactions of gasoline combustion .
Although both alkyl leads and oxygenates are effective at suppressing knock , the chemical modes through which they act are entirely different .
MTBE works by retarding the progress of the low temperature or cool - flame reactions , consuming radical species , particularly OH radicals and producing isobutene .
The isobutene in turn consumes additional OH radicals and produces unreactive , resonantly stabilised radicals such as allyl and methyl allyl , as well as stable species such as allene , which resist further oxidation [ 21,22 ] .
4.6
Why were alkyl lead compounds added ?
The efficiency of a spark - ignited gasoline engine can be related to the compression ratio up to at least compression ratio 17:1 [ 23 ] .
However any " knock " caused by the fuel will rapidly mechanically destroy an engine , and General Motors was having major problems trying to improve engines without inducing knock .
The problem was to identify economic additives that could be added to gasoline or kerosine to prevent knock , as it was apparent that engine development was being hindered .
The kerosine for home fuels soon became a secondary issue , as the magnitude of the automotive knock problem increased throughout the 1910s , and so more resources were poured into the quest for an effective " antiknock " .
A higher octane aviation gasoline was required urgently once the US entered WWI , and almost every possible chemical ( including melted butter ) was tested for antiknock ability [ 24 ] .
Originally , iodine was the best antiknock available , but was not a practical gasoline additive , and was used as the benchmark .
In 1919 aniline was found to have superior antiknock ability to iodine , but also was not a practical additive , however aniline became the benchmark antiknock , and various compounds were compared to it .
The discovery of tetra ethyl lead , and the scavengers required to remove it from the engine were made by teams lead by Thomas Midgley Jr. in 1922 [ 9,10,24 ] .
They tried selenium oxychloride which was an excellent antiknock , however it reacted with iron and " dissolved " the engine .
Midgley was able to predict that other organometallics would work , and slowly focused on organoleads .
They then had to remove the lead , which would otherwise accumulate and coat the engine and exhaust system with lead .
They discovered and developed the halogenated lead scavengers that are still used in leaded fuels .
The scavengers , ( ethylene dibromide and ethylene dichloride ) , function by providing halogen atoms that react with the lead to form volatile lead halide salts that can escape out the exhaust .
The quantity of scavengers added to the alkyl lead concentrate is calculated according to the amount of lead present .
If sufficient scavenger is added to theoretically react with all the lead present , the amount is called one " theory " .
Typically , 1.0 to 1.5 theories are used , but aviation gasolines must only use one theory .
This ensures there is no excess bromine that could react with the engine .
The alkyl leads rapidly became the most cost - effective method of enhancing octane .
The introduction was not universally acclaimed , as the toxicity of TEL soon became apparent , and several eminent public health officials campaigned against the widespread introduction of alkyl leads [ 25 ] .
Their cause was assisted by some major disasters at TEL manufacturing plants , and although these incidents were mainly attributable to a failure of management and / or staff to follow instructions , they resulted in a protracted dispute in the chemical and public health literature that even involved Midgley [ 25,26 ] .
We should be careful retrospectively applying judgement to the 1920s , as the increased octane of leaded gasoline provided major gains in engine efficiency and lower gasoline prices .
The development of the alkyl leads ( tetra methyl lead , tetra ethyl lead ) and the toxic halogenated scavengers meant that petroleum refiners could then configure refineries to produce hydrocarbon streams that would increase octane with small quantities of alkyl lead .
If you keep adding alkyl lead compounds , the lead response of the gasoline decreases , and so there are economic limits to how much lead should be added .
Up until the late 1960s , alkyl leads were added to gasolines in increasing concentrations to obtain octane .
The limit was 1.14g Pb/l , which is well above the diminishing returns part of the lead response curve for most refinery streams , thus it is unlikely that much fuel was ever made at that level .
I believe 1.05 was about the maximum , and articles suggest that 1970 100 RON premiums were about 0.7-0.8 g Pb/l and 94 RON regulars 0.6 - 0.7 g Pb/l , which matches published lead response data [ 27,28 ] eg. For Catalytic Reformate Straight Run Naphtha .
Lead g/l Research Octane Number 0 96 72 0.1 98 79 0.2 99 83 0.3 100 85 0.4 101 87 0.5 101.5 88 0.6 102 89 0.7 102.5 89.5 0.8 102.75 90
The alkyl lead antiknocks work in a different stage of the pre-combustion reaction to oxygenates .
In contrast to oxygenates , the alkyl lead interferes with hydrocarbon chain branching in the intermediate temperature range where HO2 is the most important radical species .
Lead oxide , either as solid particles , or in the gas phase , reacts with HO2 and removes it from the available radical pool , thereby deactivating the major chain branching reaction sequence that results in undesirable , easily - autoignitable hydrocarbons [ 21,22 ] .
By the 1960s , the nature the toxicity of the emissions from gasoline - powered engines was becoming of increasing concern and extensive comparisons of the costs and benefits were being performed .
By the 1970s , the failure to find durable , lead - tolerant exhaust catalysts would hasten the departure of lead , as the proposed regulated emissions levels could not be economically achieved without exhaust catalysts [ 29 ] .
A survey in 1995 indicated that over 50 countries ( 20 in Africa ) still permit leaded fuels containing 0.8g Pb/l , whereas the European maximum is 0.15 g Pb/l [ 29a ] .
4.7
Why not use other organometallic compounds ?
As the toxicity of the alkyl lead and the halogenated scavengers became of concern , alternatives were considered .
The most famous of these is methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl ( MMT ) , which was used in the USA until banned by the EPA from 27 Oct 1978 [ 30 ] , but is approved for use in Canada and Australia .
Recently the EPA ban was overturned , and MMT can be used up to 0.031gMn / US
Gal in all states except California ( where it remains banned ) .
The EPA has stated it intends to review the whole MMT siuation and , if evidence supports removing MMT , they will revisit banning MMT .
Automobile manufacturers believe MMT reduces the effectiveness of the latest emission control systems [ 31 ] .
Canada also contemplated banning MMT because of the same concerns , as well as achieving fuel supply uniformity with the lower 48 states of the USA [ 31 ] .
MMT is more expensive than alkyl leads and has been reported to increase unburned hydrocarbon emissions and block exhaust catalysts [ 32 ] .
Other compounds that enhance octane have been suggested , but usually have significant problems such as toxicity , cost , increased engine wear etc. .
Examples include dicyclopentadienyl iron and nickel carbonyl .
Germany used iron pentacarbonyl ( Fe( CO ) 5 ) at levels of 0.5 % or less in gasoline during the 1930s .
While its cost was low , one of its major drawbacks was that the carbonyl decomposed rapidly when the gasoline was exposed to light .
Iron oxide ( Fe3O4 ) also deposited on the spark plug insulator causing short circuits , and the precipitation of iron oxides in the lubricating oil also led to excessive wear rates [ 33 ] .
4.8
What do the refining processes do ?
Crude oil contains a wide range of hydrocarbons , organometallics and other compounds containing sulfur , nitrogen etc .
The HCs contain between 1 and 60 carbon atoms .
Gasoline contains hydrocarbons with carbon atoms between 3 and 12 , arranged in specific ways to provide the desirable properties .
Obviously , a refinery has to either sell the remainder as marketable products , or convert the larger molecules into smaller gasoline molecules .
A refinery will distill crude oil into various fractions and , depending on the desired final products , will further process and blend those fractions .
Typical final products could be :- gases for chemical synthesis and fuel ( CNG ) , liquified gases ( LPG ) , butane , aviation and automotive gasolines , aviation and lighting kerosines , diesels , distillate and residual fuel oils , lubricating oil base grades , paraffin oils and waxes .
Many of the common processes are intended to increase the yield of blending feedstocks for gasolines .
Typical modern refinery processes for gasoline components include * Catalytic cracking - breaks larger , higher - boiling , hydrocarbons into gasoline range product that contains 30 % aromatics and 20 - 30 % olefins .
* Hydrocracking - cracks and adds hydrogen to molecules , producing a more saturated , stable , gasoline fraction .
* Isomerisation - raises gasoline fraction octane by converting straight chain hydrocarbons into branched isomers .
* Reforming - converts saturated , low octane , hydrocarbons into higher octane product containing about 60 % aromatics .
* Alkylation - reacts gaseous olefin streams with isobutane to produce liquid high octane iso - alkanes .
The changes to the US Clean Air Act and other legislation ensures that the refineries will continue to modify their processes to produce a less volatile gasoline with fewer toxins and toxic emissions .
Options include :- * Reducing the " severity " of reforming to reduce aromatic production .
* Distilling the C5 / C6 fraction ( containing benzene and benzene precusers ) from reformer feeds and treating that stream to produce non-aromatic high octane components .
* Distilling the higher boiling fraction ( which contains 80 - 100 % of aromatics that can be hydrocracked ) from catalytic cracker product [ 34 ] .
* Convert butane to isobutane or isobutylene for alkylation or MTBE feed .
Some other countries are removing the alkyl lead compounds for health reasons , and replacing them with aromatics and oxygenates .
If the vehicle fleet does not have exhaust catalysts , the emissions of some toxic aromatic hydrocarbons can increase .
If maximum environmental and health gains are to be achieved , the removal of lead from gasoline should be accompanied by the immediate introduction of exhaust catalysts and sophisticated engine management systems , 4.9
What energy is released when gasoline is burned ?
It is important to note that the theoretical energy content of gasoline when burned in air is only related to the hydrogen and carbon contents .
The energy is released when the hydrogen and carbon are oxidised ( burnt ) , to form water and carbon dioxide .
Octane rating is not fundamentally related to the energy content , and the actual hydrocarbon and oxygenate components used in the gasoline will determine both the energy release and the antiknock rating .
Two important reactions are :- C + O2 = CO2 H + O2 = H2O
The mass or volume of air required to provide sufficient oxygen to achieve this complete combustion is the " stoichiometric " mass or volume of air .
Insufficient air = " rich " , and excess air = " lean " , and the stoichiometric mass of air is related to the carbon : hydrogen ratio of the fuel .
The procedures for calculation of stoichiometric air - fuel ratios are fully documented in an SAE standard [ 35 ] .
Atomic masses used are :- Hydrogen = 1.00794 , Carbon = 12.011 , Oxygen = 15.994 , Nitrogen = 14.0067 , and Sulfur = 32.066 .
The composition of sea level air ( 1976 data , hence low CO2 value ) is Gas Fractional Molecular Weight Relative Species Volume kg / mole Mass N2 0.78084 28.0134 21.873983 O2 0.209476 31.9988 6.702981 Ar 0.00934 39.948 0.373114 CO2 0.000314 44.0098 0.013919 Ne 0.00001818 20.179 0.000365 He 0.00000524 4.002602 0.000021 Kr 0.00000114 83.80 0.000092 Xe 0.000000087 131.29 0.000011 CH4 0.000002 16.04276 0.000032 H2 0.0000005 2.01588 0.000001
--------- Air 28.964419
For normal heptane C7H16 with a molecular weight = 100.204 C7H16 + 11O2 = 7CO2 + 8H2O thus 1.000 kg of C7H16 requires 3.513 kg of O2 = 15.179 kg of air .
The chemical stoichiometric combustion of hydrocarbons with oxygen can be written as :- CxHy + ( x + ( y /4 ) ) O2 -> xCO2 + ( y /2) H2O
Often , for simplicity , the remainder of air is assumed to be nitrogen , which can be added to the equation when exhaust compositions are required .
As a general rule , maximum power is achieved at slightly rich , whereas maximum fuel economy is achieved at slightly lean .
The energy content of the gasoline is measured by burning all the fuel inside a bomb calorimeter and measuring the temperature increase .
The energy available depends on what happens to the water produced from the combustion of the hydrogen .
If the water remains as a gas , then it cannot release the heat of vaporisation , thus producing the Nett Calorific Value .
If the water were condensed back to the original fuel temperature , then Gross Calorific Value of the fuel , which will be larger , is obtained .
The calorific values are fairly constant for families of HCs , which is not surprising , given their fairly consistent carbon : hydrogen ratios .
For liquid ( l ) or gaseous ( g ) fuel converted to gaseous products - except for the 2 - methylbutene - 2 , where only gaseous is reported .
* = Blending Octane Number as reported by API Project 45 using 60 octane base fuel , and the numbers in brackets are Blending Octane Numbers currently used for modern fuels .
Typical Heats of Combustion are [ 36 ] :- Fuel State Heat of Combustion Research Motor MJ/ kg Octane Octane n-heptane l 44.592 0 0 g 44.955 i-octane l 44.374 100 100 g 44.682 toluene l 40.554 124* ( 111 ) 112* ( 94 ) g 40.967 2-methylbutene -2 44.720 176* ( 113 ) 141* ( 81 ) Because all the data is available , the calorific value of fuels can be estimated quite accurately from hydrocarbon fuel properties such as the density , sulfur content , and aniline point ( which indicates the aromatics content ) .
It should be noted that because oxygenates contain oxygen that can not provide energy , they will have significantly lower energy contents .
They are added to provide octane , not energy .
For an engine that can be optimised for oxygenates , more fuel is required to obtain the same power , but they can burn slightly more efficiently , thus the power ratio is not identical to the energy content ratio .
They also require more energy to vaporise .
Energy Content Heat of Vaporisation Oxygen Content Nett MJ/kg MJ / kg wt % Methanol 19.95 1.154 49.9 Ethanol 26.68 0.913 34.7 MTBE 35.18 0.322 18.2 ETBE 36.29 0.310 15.7 TAME 36.28 0.323 15.7 Gasoline 42 - 44 0.297 0.0 Typical values for commercial fuels in megajoules / kilogram are [ 37 ] :- Gross Nett Hydrogen 141.9 120.0 Carbon to Carbon monoxide 10.2 - Carbon to Carbon dioxide 32.8 - Sulfur to sulfur dioxide 9.16 - Natural Gas 53.1 48.0 Liquified petroleum gas 49.8 46.1 Aviation gasoline 46.0 44.0 Automotive gasoline 45.8 43.8 Kerosine 46.3 43.3 Diesel 45.3 42.5
Obviously , for automobiles , the nett calorific value is appropriate , as the water is emitted as vapour .
The engine can not utilise the additional energy available when the steam is condensed back to water .
The calorific value is the maximum energy that can be obtained from the fuel by combustion , but the reality of modern SI engines is that thermal efficiencies of only 20 - 40 % may be obtained , this limit being due to engineering and material constraints that prevent optimum thermal conditions being used .
CI engines can achieve higher thermal efficiencies , usually over a wider operating range as well .
Note that combustion efficiencies are high , it is the thermal efficiency of the engine is low due to losses .
For a water - cooled SI engine with 25 % useful work at the crankshaft , the losses may consist of 35 % ( coolant ) , 33 % ( exhaust ) , and 12 % ( surroundings ) .
4.10 What are the gasoline specifications ?
Gasolines are usually defined by government regulation , where properties and test methods are clearly defined .
In the US , several government and state bodies can specify gasoline properties , and they may choose to use or modify consensus minimum quality standards , such as American Society for Testing Materials ( ASTM ) .
The US gasoline specifications and test methods are listed in several readily available publications , including the Society of Automotive Engineers ( SAE ) [ 38 ] , and the Annual Book of ASTM Standards [ 39 ] .
The 1995 ASTM edition includes :- D4814 - 94d Specification for Automotive Spark - Ignition Engine Fuel .
This specification lists various properties that all fuels have to comply with , and may be updated throughout the year .
Typical properties are :- 4.10.1 Vapour Pressure and Distillation Classes .
6 different classes according to location and / or season .
As gasoline is distilled , the temperatures at which various fractions are evaporated are calculated .
Specifications define the temperatures at which various percentages of the fuel are evaporated .
Distillation limits include maximum temperatures that 10 % is evaporated ( 50 - 70C ) , 50 % is evaporated ( 110 - 121C ) , 90 % is evaporated ( 185 -190C ) , and the final boiling point ( 225C ) .
A minimum temperature for 50 % evaporated ( 77C ) , and a maximum amount of Residue ( 2 % ) after distillation .
Vapour pressure limits for each class ( 54 , 62 , 69 , 79 , 93 , 103 kPa ) are also specified .
Note that the EPA has issued a waiver that does not require gasoline with 9 - 10 % ethanol to meet the required specifications between 1st May - 15 September .
4.10.2 Vapour Lock Protection Classes 5 classes for vapour lock protection , according to location and / or season .
The limit for each class is a maximum Vapour - Liquid ratio of 20 at one of the specified testing temperatures of 41 , 47 , 51 , 56 , 60 C .
4.10.3 Antiknock Index ( aka ( RON +MON ) / 2 , " Pump Octane " )
The ( Research Octane Number + Motor Octane Number ) divided by two .
Limits are not specified , but changes in engine requirements according season and location are discussed .
Fuels with an Antiknock index of 87 , 89 , 91 ( Unleaded ) , and 88 ( Leaded ) are listed as typical for the US at sea level , however higher altitudes will specify lower octane numbers .
4.10.4 Lead Content Leaded = 1.1 g Pb / L maximum , and Unleaded = 0.013 g Pb / L maximum .
4.10.5 Copper strip corrosion Ability to tarnish clean copper , indicating the presence of any corrosive sulfur compounds 4.10.6 Maximum Sulfur content Sulfur adversely affects exhaust catalysts and fuel hydrocarbon lead response , and also may be emitted as polluting sulfur oxides .
Leaded = 0.15 % mass maximum , and Unleaded = 0.10 % mass maximum .
Typical US gasoline levels are 0.03 % mass .
4.10.7 Maximum Solvent Washed Gum ( aka Existent Gum )
Limits the amount of gums present in fuel at the time of testing to 5 mg / 100 mls .
The results do not correlate well with actual engine deposits caused by fuel vaporisation [ 40 ] .
4.10.8 Minimum Oxidation Stability
This ensures the fuel remains chemically stable , and does not form additional gums during periods in distribution systems , which can be up to 3 - 6 months .
The sample is heated with oxygen inside a pressure vessel , and the delay until significant oxygen uptake is measured .
4.10.9 Water Tolerance
Highest temperature that causes phase separation of oxygenated fuels .
The limits vary according to location and month .
For Alaska - North of 62 latitude , it changes from - 41C in Dec - Jan to 9C in July , but remains 10 C all year in Hawaii .
Because phosphorus adversely affects exhaust catalysts , the EPA limits phosphorus in all gasolines to 0.0013g P/L .
As well as the above , there are various restrictions introduced by the Clean Air Act and state bodies such as California 's Air Resources Board ( CARB ) that often have more stringent limits for the above properties , as well as additional limits .
More detailed descriptions of the complex regulations can be found elsewhere [ 16,41,42 ] - I 've just included some of the major changes , as some properties are determined by levels of permitted emissions , eg the toxics reduction required for fuel that has the maximum permitted benzene ( 1.0 % ) , means total aromatics are limited to around 27 % .
There have been some changes in early 1996 to the implementation timetable , and the following timetable has not yet been changed .
The Clean Air Act also specifies some regions that exceed air quality standards have to use reformulated gasolines ( RFGs ) all year , starting January 1995 .
Other regions are required to use oxygenated gasolines for four winter months , beginning November 1992 .
The RFGs also contain oxygenates .
Metropolitan regions with severe ozone air quality problems must use reformulated gasolines in 1995 that ;- contain at least 2.0 wt % oxygen , reduce 1990 volatile organic carbon compounds by 15 % , and reduce specified toxic emissions by 15 % ( 1995 ) and 25 % ( 2000 ) .
Metropolitan regions that exceeded carbon monoxide limits were required to use gasolines with 2.7 wt % oxygen during winter months , starting in 1992 .
The 1990 Clean Air Act ( CAA ) amendments and CARB Phase 2 ( 1996 ) specifications for reformulated gasoline establish the following limits , compared with typical 1990 gasoline .
Because of a lack of data , the EPA were unable to define the CAA required parameters , so they instituted a two - stage system .
The first stage , the " Simple Model " is an interim stage that run from 1 / Jan/1995 to 31/ Dec/1997 .
The second stage , the " Complex Model " has two phases , Phase I ( 1995 - 1999 ) and Phase II ( 2000 + ) , and there are different limits for EPA Control Region 1 ( south ) and Control Region 2 ( north ) .
Each refiner must have their RFG recertified to the Complex model prior to the 1 / Jan /1998 implementation date .
The following are some of the criteria for RFG when complying on a per gallon basis , more details are available elsewhere , including the details of the baseline fuel compositions to be used for testing [ 16,41,42,43,43a ] .
1990 Clean Air Act CARB Simple Complex Phase 2 I II Limit Average benzene ( max.vol . % ) 2 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.8 oxygen ( min.mass %) 0.2 2.0 2.0 2.0 1.8 - ( max.mass %) - 2.7 - - 2.2 - sulfur ( max.mass ppm ) 150 no increase - - 40 30 aromatics ( max.vol . % ) 32 toxics reduction - - 25 22 olefins ( max.vol . % ) 9.9 no increase - - 6.0 4.0 reid vapour pressure ( kPa ) 60 55.8 ( north ) - - 48.3 - ( during VOC Control Period ) 49.6 ( south ) 50 % evaporated ( max. C ) - - - - 98.9 93 90 % evaporated ( max.C ) 170 - - - 148.9 143 VOC
Reductions - Region I ( min . % ) 35.1 27.5 - - ( VOC Control Period only ) - Region II ( min . % ) 15.6 25.9 - - NOx Reductions - VOC Control Period ( min . % ) 0 5.5 - - - Non-VOC Control Period ( min. % ) 0 0 - - Toxics Reductions ( min . % ) 15.0 20.0 - -
These regulations also specify emissions criteria .
eg CAA specifies no increase in nitric oxides ( NOx ) emissions , reductions in VOC by 15 % during the ozone season , and specified toxins by 15 % all year .
These criteria indirectly establish vapour pressure and composition limits that refiners have to meet .
Note that the EPA also can issue CAA Section 211 waivers that allow refiners to choose which oxygenates they use .
In 1981 , the EPA also decided that fuels with up to 2 % weight of oxygen ( from alcohols and ethers ( except methanol ) ) were " substantially similar " to 1974 unleaded gasoline , and thus were not " new " gasoline additives .
That level was increased to 2.7 wt % in 1991 .
Some other oxygenates have also been granted waivers , eg ethanol to 10 % volume ( approximately 3.5 wt % ) in 1979 and 1982 , and tert - butyl alcohol to 3.5 wt % in 1981 .
In 1987 and 1988 further waivers were issued for mixture of alcohols representing 3.7 % wt of oxygen .
4.11 What are the effects of the specified fuel properties ?
Volatility
This affects evaporative emissions and driveability , it is the property that must change with location and season .
Fuel for mid-summer Arizona would be difficult to use in mid-winter Alaska .
The US is divided into zones , according to altitude and seasonal temperatures , and the fuel volatility is adjusted accordingly .
Incorrect fuel may result in difficult starting in cold weather , carburetter icing , vapour lock in hot weather , and crankcase oil dilution .
Volatility is controlled by distillation and vapour pressure specifications .
The higher boiling fractions of the gasoline have significant effects on the emission levels of undesirable hydrocarbons and aldehydes , and a reduction of 40C in the final boiling point will reduce the levels of benzene , butadiene , formaldehyde and acetaldehyde by 25 % , and will reduce HC emissions by 20 % [ 44 ] .
Combustion Characteristics
As gasolines contain mainly hydrocarbons , the only significant variable between different grades is the octane rating of the fuel , as most other properties are similar .
Octane is discussed in detail in Section 6 .
There are only slight differences in combustion temperatures ( most are around 2000C in isobaric adiabatic combustion [ 45 ] ) .
Note that the actual temperature in the combustion chamber is also determined by other factors , such as load and engine design .
The addition of oxygenates changes the pre-flame reaction pathways , and also reduces the energy content of the fuel .
The levels of oxygen in the fuel is regulated according to regional air quality standards .
Stability Motor gasolines may be stored up to six months , consequently they must not form gums which may precipitate .
Reactions of the unsaturated HCs may produce gums ( these reactions can be catalysed by metals such as copper ) , so antioxidants and metal deactivators are added .
Existent Gum is used to measure the gum in the fuel at the time tested , whereas the Oxidation Stability measures the time it takes for the gasoline to break down at 100C with 100 psi of oxygen .
A 240 minute test period has been found to be sufficient for most storage and distribution systems .
Corrosiveness Sulfur in the fuel creates corrosion , and when combusted will form corrosive gases that attack the engine , exhaust and environment .
Sulfur also adversely affects the alkyl lead octane response , and will adversely affect exhaust catalysts , but monolithic catalysts will recover when the sulfur content of the fuel is reduced , so sulfur is considered an inhibitor , rather than a catalyst poison .
The copper strip corrosion test and the sulfur content specification are used to ensure fuel quality .
The copper strip test measures active sulfur , whereas the sulfur content reports the total sulfur present .
Manufacturers many also add additional tests , such as filterability , to ensure no distribution problems are encountered .
Part1 - Part3 - Part4 - MultiPage Part1 - Part2 [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index ]
Send corrections / additions to the FAQ Maintainer :
B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz
Last Update March 27 2014 @ 02:11 PM
