Proofs and Types
Jean - Yves Girard , Yves Lafont and Paul Taylor
1987-90
L
A
T
E
X
Sense , Denotation and Semantics Natural Deduction The Curry - Howard Isomorphism The Normalisation Theorem Sequent Calculus Strong Normalisation Theorem Gödel 's system T Coherence Spaces Denotational Semantics of T Sums in Natural Deduction System F Coherence Semantics of the Sum Cut Elimination ( Hauptsatz ) Strong Normalisation for F Representation Theorem
A. Semantics of System F - by Paul Taylor
B. What is Linear Logic ? - by Yves Lafont
Jocelyn Bell Burnell says she missed out on a Nobel prize for the discovery of pulsars because she was a student at the time , but Matin Durrani wonders if gender played a role too .
Librarian Bryan Hissong uses his Samsung Q1 Ultra tablet computer to assist Carleen MacDonald , 8 , and Dawn Aluise as they search for the book Twilight at the Westminster Branch of the Carroll County ( Md. ) library .
Enlarge By Doug Kapustin , for USA TODAY
This is not your parents ' book stacks : Bryan Hissong sets up for a Rock Band 2 video game session in the Westminster , Md. , library .
Marilyn Johnson , author By Rob Fleder Enlarge Handout
The cover of the book touting librarians .
WESTMINSTER , Md.  Bryan Hissong is 31 , happily married , and the father of a 2 - year - old named Olivia .
He seems quite content with his life .
But Marilyn Johnson , who is not his wife , loves him and has said so very publicly .
It does n't matter that she has never met him .
Hissong is a librarian .
He does n't look like the clichéd librarian of old .
He favors plaid shirts and is sporting a beard on his babyface — but that does n't matter to Johnson , either .
She 's well aware that librarians wear many disguises these days .
Often they 're pierced , tattooed , punk with bright blue hair .
She loves them all .
Who knew librarians had become so ... cool ?
E-BOOKS : Colleges test Kindle as study tool MOST LITERATE CITIES : Seattle tops list 10 GREAT : Places to snuggle up in a nook with a book Johnson is the author of the new This Book Is Overdue !
How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All ( Harper , 272 pp. , $ 24.99 ) , a humorous , unabashed love letter to the men and women who used to toil quietly in stacks but now circulate in cyberspace .
" They 're smart and they 're funny and they totally get it , " says Johnson , whose respect for librarians grew tenfold when she was researching The Dead Beat , her acclaimed 2006 book on obituaries and obit writers .
" They 're not saints , but ethically and morally and every other good way , they 're professionals .
They 're good people . "
And possibly endangered .
" It turns out this is a good time to point out that we 're shooting ourselves in the foot if we let these people go from our lives , " says Johnson , 55 , who lives in New York 's Hudson Valley .
" We need them more than ever . "
The reasons are simple and multiple : " The middle class is squeezed and needs libraries more , information is multiplying at an alarming rate so we need librarians more , and the jobless are streaming to libraries in droves , " she says .
Overall , the use of public libraries is up by 6 % over last year , according to the Library Journal , while states and municipalities are drastically cutting back on aid to libraries , causing many to close .
New York has just proposed its fifth cut to state library spending in two years .
Ohio libraries were threatened with up to 50 % cuts in aid last summer before thousands of patrons protested to legislators , who then cut state funding by 18 % .
Hissong 's boss , Lynn Wheeler , 61 , director of the Carroll County ( Md. ) Public Library system and a 37 - year veteran in the library world , has seen all this firsthand but remains upbeat about her rapidly changing profession .
" Librarians are life - long learners , " Wheeler says .
" We 're flexible .
We 're up to speed . "
And despite losses in the ranks — mainly from budget cuts nationwide — librarians march on into new territory .
According to Johnson , thousands of librarians even frequent virtual reality sites such as Second Life where they share resources and socialize .
Wheeler acknowledges that this brave new tech world can be overwhelming but says libraries are keeping up , with 24/7 website operations , self - checkouts and improved cooperation between branches .
Some patrons now even text - message their questions .
" The demand for technology access and the teaching role for librarians will only continue to grow , " she says .
Hissong agrees .
" We have had this huge burst of information , yes , but how do you know what you want or need ? " he asks of his patrons .
" That 's where a librarian comes in : to usher people through , to filter things out . "
Johnson , who visited libraries big and small researching her book , will be the keynote speaker for the Virtual Worlds and Libraries Online Conference on March 6 .
The theme : " The Future is Now . "
That " future " includes Kindle and other e-readers .
What will their arrival do to traditional libraries ?
" Nothing , " Johnson says .
" It 's just more neat delivery systems for books .
There will be some shifting shelf space , as there has been to accommodate DVDs and audiobooks , but we will always need books .
And good public libraries , if they 're funded , will figure out ways to get them to us . "
On a recent afternoon at the Westminster library here in northern Maryland , the main reading room is packed , and all 20 computers are occupied .
Hissong is wandering the floor with a Samsung Q1 tablet computer in his hands , helping patrons find everything from a Jane Austen classic to an Austin Powers DVD .
" A library is as popular as ever .
It 's not just a book depository anymore , " he says .
" We 're a resource for everyone .
If they check out a book , great .
If not , that 's OK , too . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Vyacheslav Bykov : “ Yeah , let ’s bring gibbets and kill Team Russia on the Red Square ” ( Photo © sportbox.ru )
Team Russia coach , Vyacheslav Bykov , gave an interview to Sovetskiy Sport where he talked about the quarterfinal game between Russia and Canada .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation .
Bykov : “ I would like to congratulate Canada with this victory .
Unfortunately , the Olympic Games are over for us .
I would like apologize to our fans .
Today we faced a very strong team .
We could n’t get out of their pressure since the very beginning .
It was really hard .
We tried different variants to change the game and move it to the opponent ’s zone , but we failed .
Canada demonstrated very interesting hockey .
It was a pleasure to watch them , and I ca n’t say the same about our team . ”
– Maybe the reason of the loss is that the Russian players visited some parties recently ?
Bykov : “ Do not search for something that does not exist !
The players were preparing really hard . ”
– Do n’t you think that such a loss in the Olympic quarterfinal requires a more in - depth explanation ?
Bykov : “ Yeah , let ’s bring some guillotines and gibbets .
We have 35 men in the hockey team , let ’s kill them on the Red Square !
What ’s the point of trying to find out who is guilty now ?
When you lose 0 - 1 , does it mean that this loss is better ?
There are teams that say : “ We lost but we did it with dignity ! ”
It does n’t matter if it ’s 2 - 3 , 2 - 4 , a loss is a loss .
You want to blame someone ?
Blame me .
We do n’t have a grudge against the players , they tried hard . ”
– What about you ?
Bykov : “ I made some mistakes .
Anyway I will watch the game again and analyze it .
If the opponent defeated us , we were n’t good at something . ”
– At what exactly ?
You are n’t talking about something specifically .
Bykov : “ And I wo n ’t … I want to deliver my message to you , but you are n’t listening .
Hats off to Canada .
They were the best .
Our team was a level lower than their team .
Today .
But these are our best players whom we invited to the team .
They did their best .
We failed to win .
I want to emphasize it once again : we are n’t going to blame someone .
Never .
If you want you can go on and try it yourself : find out who slept with whom , who ate something wrong or who did n’t go with the team by bus .
The reasons of the failure are that the opponent dominated us , that ’s all . ”
Canada , faced with growing political pressure over the extraction of oil from its highly polluting tar sands , has begun courting China and other Asian countries to exploit the resource .
The move comes as American firms are turning away from tar sands because of its heavy carbon footprint and damage to the landscape .
Whole Foods , the high - end organic grocery chain , and retailer Bed Bath & Beyond last week both signed up to a campaign by ForestEthics to stop US firms using oil from Canadian tar sands .
The Pentagon is also scaling down its use of tar sands oil to meet a 2007 law requiring the US government to source fuels with lower greenhouse gas emissions .
Major oil companies such as Shell are also coming under shareholder pressure to pull out of the Canadian projects .
Earlier this year ,
Shell announced it was scaling back its expansion plans for the tar sands after a revolt by shareholders .
Producing oil from the Alberta tar sands causes up to five times more greenhouse gas emissions than conventional crude oil , according to the campaign group Greenpeace .
In the most significant deal to date , the Canadian government recently approved a C$ 1.9bn ( £ 1.5 bn ) investment giving the Chinese state - owned oil company Petro­China a majority share in two projects .
Prime minister Stephen Harper said : " Expect more Chinese investment in the resource and energy sectors … there will definitely be more . "
China 's growing investment in the tar sands is seen in Canada as a useful counter to waning demand for tar sands oil from the US , its biggest customer .
The moves , which have largely gone unnoticed outside north America , could add further tension to efforts to try to reach a global action plan on climate change .
The state department envoy , Todd Stern , on Tuesday accused China of being " a bit ambiguous " in its commitments to reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
Efforts to impose national carbon limits in the US have stalled in Congress , but a number of leading US firms are moving to reduce their carbon footprint by moving away from abandoning tar sands oil .
Canada is the biggest source of US oil imports , with 65 % of tar sands production going to refineries in the midwest .
" Companies have been hitting the pause button on projects , " said Simon Dyer , of the Pembina Institute oil sands watch project .
But not China .
PetroChina has taken a 60 % stake in two new tar sands projects due to get under way in the MacKay River and Dover areas next year , with plans to produce up to 35,000 barrels a day by 2014 , and eventually up to 500,000 a day .
China made its first investment in the tar sands in 2005 , with state - owned China National Offshore Oil Corporation spending C$ 150 m for a 17 % stake in a startup MEG Energy Corp .
Another Chinese state - owned firm , Sinopec , last year increased its interest in the Northern Lights oil project to 50 % .
China 's National Petroleum Corp has also bought oil sands leases that it has not yet developed .
The projects , which will begin coming on line over the next decade , are seen as crucial to a long term strategy of finding new sources of energy as China 's economy continues to expand .
" Right now I would characterise it as a token toehold , " said Peter Tertzakian , chief energy economist at ARC Financial Corporation , an energy - focused private equity firm in Calgary , Alberta .
But he said the move by China could also represent the beginnings of a major shift in control of the tar sands .
" Hitherto we were very accustomed to have western countries coming here , particularly American companies or companies from the UK , taking an interest in oil and gas companies and we were OK with that , " he said .
" From a continental energy security perspective of course , there is a little more hesitation when emerging powers come here , but the Canadian government has over the last year indicated more willingness to do business with China . "
Japanese and South Korean companies have also begun moving in , opening up potential new markets for Canada at a time when forecasts show a fall in global demand for oil .
India 's Reliance Industries is also reportedly bidding on a project .
The move by China has also crystalised increased concerns among conservationists and First Nation groups about a proposed 1,200 kilometre pipeline that would carry tar sands oil from northern Alberta , across British Columbia to oil tankers off the Pacific coast .
I do n't believe that I am alone in demanding the President use all means necessary to stop these radical terrorists .
UPDATE :
After seeing my diary immortalized on the Political Action Committee known as Fox News , I have taken some time to review my diary , and after soul searching , prayer and consultation with a higher power I would like to apologize ...
... for not going far enough !
Not only was this guy the grand wizard of the teabag movement , I believe future teabaggers will use the terrorist 's name as a rallying call for some sort of mutiny of perverts !
And as far as the news model that read the story , I am prettier then her .
Thank you , thank you .
Dear Deborah ,
As I watch events across the nation , I have concluded that district leadership today falls into one of two varieties .
On one hand is the traditional superintendent , who believes that he is responsible for the schools and students in his care .
He visits the schools often and consults frequently with mid-level superintendents to make sure that the schools get the resources they need .
When a school is in trouble , he sends in a team of experienced educators to assess its needs and devise a plan to help the staff .
If the school continues to struggle , he works harder to try to solve the problems .
He may decide to remove the principal and shake up the staff .
He is relentless in trying to get the school to function well .
This superintendent believes that he will be judged by his efforts to help the neediest of the students and schools .
On the other hand is the new breed of reform superintendent .
Whether he ( or she ) was a business executive , an education entrepreneur , or a lawyer , he is steeped in a business mindset .
He wants results .
He surrounds himself with business school graduates , lawyers , marketing consultants , and public relations staff .
He focuses on management , organization , budgeting , and data - driven decision - making .
He shows little or no interest in curriculum and instruction , about which he knows very little .
He is certain that the way to reform the schools is to " incent " the workforce .
He believes that accountability , with rewards and sanctions , makes the world go round .
He plans to " drive " change through the system by being a tough manager , awarding merit pay to teachers and principals , closing struggling schools , and opening new schools and charter schools , all the while using data as his guide .
He believes that the schools he oversees are like a stock portfolio ; it is his job not to fix them but to pick winners and losers .
The winners get extra money , and the losers are thrown out of the portfolio .
When addressing the business community , he speaks proudly of his plan to give maximum autonomy to school principals , thus absolving himself of any responsibility for the performance of the schools , and then sits back to manage his portfolio .
If a school fails , he is fast to close it .
The failure is not his fault , but the fault of the principal and the teachers .
You can see why the reform superintendent would love the Race to the Top .
It incorporates all the principles that he loves .
Charter schools , accountability , merit pay , school closings , data - driven decision - making .
It is the same mindset , the same belief in rewards and sanctions that we have seen in NCLB , taken to a higher level with a pot of gold containing almost $ 5 billion at the end of the rainbow .
( I read a blog a few days ago , forget which one , that refers to RTTT as " dash to the cash . " )
Now , the problem with the reform superintendent is that he usually knows very little about schooling and education .
He focuses on organization and strategic planning and so on , but is in the dark about what happens in the classroom .
This is why he relies so much on data .
Numbers do n't lie , do they ?
Well , yes , they do .
A major front - page story in The New York Times on February 6 described a major study conducted by criminologists who found that the numbers do lie .
More than 100 retired , high - ranking police officers in New York City told them that intense pressure to produce improved crime statistics had led to manipulation of the data .
For the past 15 years or so , the city boasted that its data system , known as CompStat , had brought about a major reduction in crime .
But the survey said that the data system had encouraged supervisors and precinct commanders to relabel crimes to less serious offenses .
The data mattered more than truth .
Some , for example , would scout eBay and other Web sites to find values for stolen items that would reduce the complaint from a grand larceny ( over $ 1,000 in value ) to a misdemeanor .
There were reports of officers who persuaded crime victims not to file a complaint or to change their accounts so that a crime 's seriousness could be downgraded .
This is not only a major scandal , it is a validation once again of Campbell 's Law , which holds that : " The more any quantitative social indicator is used for social decisionmaking , the more subject it will be to corruption pressures and the more apt it will be to distort and corrupt the social processes it is intended to monitor . "
Anyone who wants to learn more about Campbell 's law and how it applies to education should read Richard Rothstein 's Grading Education and Daniel Koretz 's Measuring Up .
Or Google Rothstein 's " Holding Accountability to Account , " if you want to see what happens when data becomes our most important goal .
For just as the police officers felt compelled to game the system to meet the demands of CompStat , so educators are now gaming the system to meet the demands of NCLB .
Some states have dumbed down their tests ; some have rigged the scores to produce greater numbers of " proficient " students .
Some districts have narrowed their curriculum and have replaced instruction with intensive test - prep .
Some schools of choice exclude low - performing students .
All in the service of making the numbers , making AYP , looking good rather than doing well .
Anyone who thinks that these methods will produce first - class education for our nation 's children is either a fool or is fooling himself .
Diane
New Evidence of Runaway Toyotas May Help Imprisoned Camry Owner Jury did n't believe driver who claimed he could n't stop car that killed three .
Feb. 22 , 2010  --
Emerging evidence of flaws in Toyotas could help free a Minnesota man who was convicted of vehicular homicide despite his claims the brakes did not work as his Camry suddenly accelerated and slammed into another car , killing three members of one family .
" There is a terrible wrong here , and there is an innocent man in prison , " said Brent Schafer , the lawyer for 32 - year of Koua Fong Lee , a Hmong refugee from Laos serving an eight - year sentence in a Minnesota state prison .
The county prosecutor , Susan Gaertner , said she welcomed an inspection of the Toyota " to see if there is any possibility that this particular car had mechanical difficulties that would lead to sudden acceleration syndrome . "
There was no evidence of alcohol or drug impairment in the case , which occurred on a Sunday afternoon in June 2006 as Lee returned home from church with his pregnant wife and other members of his family .
Lee 's car hit the other car at a speed estimated between 70 and 90 miles per hour .
Lee testified he shouted to his family , " Brakes , brakes not working , " moments before the fatal crash .
The jury apparently did not believe Lee 's testimony , said Schafer , who did not represent him during the trial .
" He 's always , from the day this happened , maintained it was the car , " said Schafer .
Lee 's testimony was presented through a Laotian translator and Schafer said the judge commented at Lee 's sentencing that Lee did not seem to show remorse .
" I am so sad , " Lee told ABC News.com in an interview inside his prison .
" To the victims ' family and everybody else , this was not something I intended to happen , " he said through a translator .
" I tried to avoid this situation to the best of my abilities . "
The wave of recent Toyota recalls connected to cases of sudden acceleration led Lee 's lawyers to discover that some 1996 Camrys had been the subject of a recall because of " unintended acceleration " caused by a flaw in the cruise control ten years prior to the accident .
The fact of the recall was not presented at the trial .
Acceleration in Toyota Camrys
The 1996 Camry is not the subject of the current round of safety recalls , but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has received more than 17 complaints from owners of other 1996 Camrys alleging defects that led to sudden acceleration , some of them quite recently .
" Vehicle accelerated on its own , " wrote one owner to the government .
" It was a very dangerous situation , " wrote another .
" The vehicle reached speeds of 60 - 80 mph while running two stop signs .
Had to crash into a tree and another vehicle to stop the vehicle , " wrote a Camry owner in October 2009 .
The family of the people killed in the accident have joined in the effort to re-examine the evidence and seek Lee 's freedom .
" I was angry for a moment , but when I came to my senses and thought about it , I did n't understand it , " said Quincy Adams whose son and grandson were among those killed .
" I can't believe that a guy with his pregnant wife , a kid in a car seat , his father - in - law and a brother - in - law in the car , would purposely be speeding up this ramp like that , " said Bridgette Trice , whose seven - year old daughter later died from injuries suffered in the accident .
She said the news stories about Toyota 's problems led her to reconsider what happened in the accident that killed her daughter .
" Maybe there is something to what Mr. Lee said was going on with him in his car , that he could n't stop , that he tried his hardest , and the brakes , that his car would n't stop , " said Ms. Trice .
" He 's never wavered on his story that his brakes were bad , " she added .
" Now that we know what we know , I promise you there are jurors out there , in the criminal case , that are just shaking their heads saying finally something makes sense , " said Bob Hilliard , a lawyer representing the family of the people killed in the accident .
Hilliard says Toyota has many questions to answer about this case .
" I believe that Toyota sat on its hands and watched as a man who did not have any conscious part of this accident was tried in a criminal court and sent to jail for eight years , " said Hilliard .
A Toyota spokesman said the company would not comment because the case could lead to lawsuits against Toyota .
Amazing and Mind Blowing Digital Paintings and Creature illustrations by amazing artists .
Most of these digital paintings are done on tablets .
I have to admit that these Digital Painters are amazing .
My favorites among them are the alice in wonderland concept ones and the funny dragon one .
Which one of these digital paintings you like the most ?
All digital paintings and Character illustration artworks are properly linked back .
[ ad1 ]
How much should you spend on a wedding dress ?
For that matter , how much should you spend on the wedding ?
Hundreds of young women plunged into the annual Running of the Brides wedding dress sale in Boston Friday morning , looking to snag a bargain for their big day .
The event , hosted by discount retailer Filene 's Basement , dates back to 1947 .
( Filene 's Basement , which was bought out of bankruptcy last year by New York - based Syms , holds similar events now in other major cities . )
A spokeswoman for Filene 's Basement says these events have really taken off since the economic crisis broke two years ago .
Sales at events around the country have jumped between 38 % and 60 % compared with three or four years ago .
More and more brides , it seems , are looking to make some savings on their wedding costs .
Filene 's says the dresses cost $ 249 to $ 649 — big markdowns from full retail prices of $ 900 to $ 9,000 .
This frugality is starting to show up in overall wedding costs .
The cost of a median wedding fell 8 % last year to $ 17,500 , compared to 2008 , according to the latest survey by the Knot , the popular wedding Web site .
The biggest cost is usually the reception , and these days the shrimp cocktails are a little smaller and the wine is a little cheaper .
The average reception cost fell $ 10 per guest to $ 63 , says the Knot .
One big change due to the recession :
The bride 's parents are back on the hook again .
During the boom , young couples were paying more of the costs .
That 's gone in reverse .
As we celebrate the beginning of the New Year , we also mark Public Domain Day ( a holiday I ’ve been regularly celebrating on this blog . )
This is the day when a year ’s worth of copyrights expire in many countries around the world , and the works they cover become free for anyone to use and adapt for any purpose .
In many counties , this is a bittersweet time for fans of the public domain .
For instance , this site notes the many authors whose works enter the public domain today in Europe , now that they ’ve been dead for at least 70 years .
But for many European countries , this just represents reclaimed ground that had been previously lost .
Europe retroactively extended and revived copyrights from life +50 to life +70 years in 1993 , so it ’s still three more years before Europe ’s public domain is back to what it was then .
Many other countries , including the United States , Australia , Russia , and Mexico , are in the midst of public domain freezes .
For instance , due to a 1998 copyright extension , no copyrights of published works will expire here in the US due to age for another 9 years , at least .
In the past , many people have had only a vague idea of what ’s in the public domain and what is n’t .
But thanks to mass book digitization projects , the dividing line is becoming clearer .
Millions of books published before 1923 ( the year of the oldest US copyrights ) are now digitized , and can be found with a simple Google search and read in full online .
At the same time , millions more digitized books from 1923 and later can also be found with searches , but are not freely readable online .
Many of those works not freely readable online have languished in obscurity for a long time .
Some of them can be shown to be in the public domain after research , and groups like Hathi Trust are starting to clear and rescue many such works .
Some of them are still under copyright , but long out of print , and may have unknown or unreachable rightsholders .
The current debate over Google Books has raised the profile of these works , so much so that the New York Times cited “ orphan books ” , a term used to describe such unclearable works , as one of the buzzwords of 2009 .
The dividing line between the public domain and the world of copyright could well have been different .
In 1953 , for instance , US copyrights ran for a maximum of 56 years , and the last of that year ’s copyrights would have expired today , were it not for extensions .
Duke ’s Center for the Study of the Public Domain has a page showing what could have been entering the public domain today — everything up to the close of the Korean War .
In contrast , if the current 95 - year US terms had been in effect all of last century , the copyrights of 1914 would have only expired today .
Only now would we be able to start freely digitizing the first set of books from the start of World War I .
With the dividing line better known nowadays , do we have hope of protecting the public domain against more expansions of copyright ?
Many countries still stick to the life +50 years term of the Berne Convention , including Canada and New Zealand .
In those countries , works from authors who died in 1959 enter the public domain for the first time .
There ’s pressure on some of these countries to increase their terms , so far resisted .
Efforts to extend copyrights on sound recordings continues in Europe , and recently succeeded in Argentina .
And secret ACTA treaty negotiations are also aimed at increasing the power of copyright holders over Internet and computer users .
But resistance to these expansions of copyright is on the rise , and public awareness of copyright extensions and their deleterious effects is quite a bit higher now than when Europe and the US extended their copyrights in the 1990s .
And with concerns expressed by a number of parties over a possible Google monopoly on orphan books , one can envision building up a critical mass of interest in freeing more of these books for all to use .
So today I celebrate the incremental expansion of the public domain , and hope to help increase it further .
To that end , I have a few gifts of my own .
As in previous years , I ’m freeing all the copyrights I control for publications ( including public online postings ) that are more than 14 years old today , so any such works published in 1995 and before are now dedicated to the public domain .
Unfortunately , I do n’t control the copyright of the 1995 paper that is my most widely cited work , but at least there ’s an early version openly accessible online .
I can also announce the completion of a full set of digitized active copyright renewal records for drama and works prepared for oral delivery , available from this page .
This should make it easier for people to verify the public domain status of plays , sermons , lectures , radio programs , and similar works from the mid-20th century that to date have not been clearable using online resources .
We ’ve also put online many copyright renewal records for images , and hope to have a complete set of active records not too far into 2010 .
Among other things , this will help enable the full digitization of book illustrations , newspaper photographs , and other important parts of the historical record that might be otherwise omitted or skipped by some mass digitization projects .
Happy Public Domain Day !
May we have much to enjoy this day , and on many more Public Domain Days to come .
( Edited later in the day January 1 to fix an inaccurately worded sentence . )
A pair of polls released today show that the electorate continues to sour on Barack Obama and his agenda after the State of the Union address .
Quinnipiac ’s survey of over 2600 registered voters produces a 45 % approval rating with a 46 % disapproval , the highest yet from Quinnipiac .
Trust in government has plunged as well :
American voters remain deeply divided about President Barack Obama ’s job performance , giving him a 45 – 46 percent job approval , but disapproval of both Democrats and Republicans in Congress tops 2 - 1 .
This could explain why only 2 percent trust government to do what is right almost all of the time , and 16 percent trust government to do right most of the time , according to a Quinnipiac University poll released today .
While President Obama ’s ratings on the economy and job creation remain low , voters strongly support the steps he has proposed to put Americans back to work , the independent Quinnipiac ( KWIN - uh - pe-ack ) University survey finds .
American voters still disapprove 54 – 35 percent of Obama ’s health care reform plan , but they say 52 – 44 percent they want Congress and the President to keep trying on health care reform rather than giving up and moving on to other matters .
But how exactly do people want Obama and the GOP to continue working on health - care reform ?
Rasmussen ’s survey of likely voters says a wide majority wants to shred the current ObamaCare proposals and start from scratch :
President Obama this week called for a televised bipartisan summit to get his health care reform plan back on track , but 61 % of U.S. voters say Congress should scrap that plan and start all over again .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds just 28 % who think it is better to build on the health care plan that has been working its way through the House and Senate .
Support for and opposition to the existing plan remain at the same levels they ’ve been at since just after Thanksgiving .
The Rasmussen numbers on ObamaCare look about the same as Quinnipiac , 58 - 39 opposed .
Majorities in every age and income demographic support starting over from scratch , as well as 66 % of independents .
Democrats support building on current proposals , but only by a 53/35 majority .
The internals of Obama ’s approval ratings look increasingly desperate .
Independents disapprove 40 /49 , as do middle class voters 41/51 ( $ 50 - 100 K ) and 43/54 ( $ 100 K - 250K ) .
He has now lost Catholics , 41 /52 , while Jewish voters split evenly 49/49 — which are two big red flags among - usually loyal Democratic groups , especially the latter .
Obama has now gotten two bad days of polling news , and one thing is clear : attempting to pose as bipartisan at the House Republican Caucus meeting and in the State of the Union speech did Obama no long - term good at all .
Voters still dislike Obama ’s policies , and his demand for Republican cooperation has n’t rallied anyone to his standard .
Republicans apparently managed to win the long - term argument from those appearances — which should give them confidence in standing their ground and continuing the debate .
Welcome to the OpenPrinter project
I want to build my own printer .
There can be exactly one first model , and I 'll settle for black and white .
Eventually , the project will branch into laser , color laser , and other technologies , but at first , let 's try a black and white model .
I want to be able to create it from noncustom items ; there is nothing magical about printing that should restrict me to a certain vendor .
Those items that appear to be custom can be approximated : wood / acrylic / metal can be formed to an outer shell , and some inventive thought can give rise to printer cartridges .
If you doubt this , examine the " continuous feed systems " available on Ebay .
In some future iteration , I want an integrated print server and a driverless network connection :
Let it be capable of direct network connectivity , with a host OS , driver , and network stack on the printer itself .
An authorized user can send documents , and statistics can be served or sent to a repository .
I have a $ 200 . - $ 400 budget for the first prototype , but wo n't begin purchases before Monday , March 15 .
That gives us roughly 60 days during which time , we 'll compile a list of parts and sources .
Does this community desire to create such a printer ?
Replace this with the name of your topic
Write an introduction to your topic here , to explain to your readers what your topic is all about !
Re : BRAILLE  THE DEVILS SECRET LANGUAGE !!!
- 07-28-2009 , 04:01 AM
07-28-2009 , 04:01 AM
I simply cannot believe that such ridiculous assertions are even tolerated on this forum .
I could not contain my astonishment when I read about braille being a devil 's language , and worse , that disabilities make people susceptible to the devil 's control .
Let me dispel these ignorant and unsubstantiated claims .
I have been completely blind since I was 6 months old .
The method of writing that you call the devil 's work , the insightful code created by Louis Braille , has empowered me by allowing me to indulge in the world of literacy as do my sighted counterparts .
Because of braille , I have learned to spell and write as well as the creator of this thoughtless post .
I am now currently in the process of acquiring an undergraduate degree at a university .
Though technology has advanced steadily and can now accommodate the blind , it is because of braille that I acquired a love of books and reading .
I cannot stress how important braille literacy is for blind children .
Braille is not a " secret code " of any kind .
The person who wrote this post is utterly ignorant of what braille actually is .
If you give me something to read in braille , and you read the print equivalent of the exact same text , we would be reading exactly the same thing .
You have only to take the trouble to learn braille and you 'd realize that we use the same alphabet system that you do .
Once again , this post has thoroughly disgusted me .
I have n't any more words to articulate my shock upon reading this garbage .
You should really be ashamed of yourself for having written it .
I think that all disabled people deserve an apology from you , because we are no more susceptible to demons than you are .
This is the most thoughtless , stupid piece of writing I have read in a long , long time .
In a pair of posts late last year ( Part 1 , Part 2 ) , this blog covered several arguments surrounding the American military ’s primary rifles , the M - 16 and M - 4 , which are also widely used by police departments , counterterrorism units and other federal agencies .
( Among those using M - 4 rifles are the C.I.A. , the State Department and the New York Police Department . )
The posts were prompted by the leak of an official historian ’s account of the battle of Wanat in 2008 , in which a remote Army outpost in eastern Afghanistan was nearly overrun by insurgents .
Nine American soldiers were killed that day .
The historian ’s draft study suggested that at least a few American weapons failed in the fight , perhaps because of overheating .
The reports of weapons ’ stoppages in combat resurrected longstanding controversies surrounding the M - 16 line .
Some of the arguments ( the problems with M - 16s jamming during their Vietnam - era rollout ) were historical and of marginal relevance to the current generation of rifles .
The causes of jamming in the jungle and deltas of Vietnam were isolated more than 40 years ago , and the rifles and ammunition in use today are significantly changed .
Complaints from Afghanistan and Iraq are also on a far smaller scale than those of yesteryear , when the early generation of the M - 16 became a national scandal .
But other arguments remain germane , including the question of whether the rifles are susceptible to stoppages caused by the intrusion of sand and dust , and whether the standard military ammunition they are firing is well suited for killing lightly clad men .
The current round , the M855 , was designed for penetrating Eastern Bloc body armor .
Some soldiers believe it passes too easily through victims wearing everyday clothes .
There is also a camp – and when discussions turn to infantry arms there are many camps , with many motivations — that claims the M - 4 , which has a shorter barrel than the M - 16 , does not fire bullets with enough muzzle velocity to maximize soft - tissue damage in a struck man .
( I mentioned in a previous post that I will discuss arguments about bullet composition , barrel length and wounding potential in a future post , and I will .
I will also look at the questions and test results related to stoppages caused by dust and sand . )
But now it is time to turn back to a question that followed Wanat : whether the rifles are prone to failures caused by overheating in intensive combat , when a soldier or a Marine might fire multiple 30 - round magazines in rapid succession .
This causes heat buildup in the barrel that can extend down the rifle to the weapon ’s guts , and — in theory if more than in practice – make a rifle too hot even to hold .
Next week we will post a pair of videos of post - Wanat M - 4 heat testing , and discuss a recommendation made to the Army by the manufacturer to address heat - buildup concerns .
In the interim , via the photographer Todd Heisler , the blog offers an unusual look inside the plant where almost all M - 4s and M - 16s are made .
The two rifles are principally manufactured by Colt Defense L.L.C. , of Connecticut , the descendant of the company that sold the original M - 16s to the United States in the 1960s .
That company in turn descended from the original Colt Patent Fire - Arms Manufacturing Company , the brainchild of Samuel Colt , who in the 19th century ushered the revolver into common use with a factory in New Jersey and then Hartford .
The Hartford plant later produced Gatling Guns and Thompson submachine guns under contract , and manufactured the M - 1911 .45 - caliber pistol and machine guns under its own name .
The military firearms business is prone to booms and busts linked to the cycles of war and military expansions and contractions .
Colt ’s many incarnations have flirted with insolvency several times .
The M - 16 line has been its savior .
( A sister company manufactures civilian firearms , and Colt Defense has been expanding business to include manufacturing spare barrels for the M - 240 machine gun used by the American military . )
The company ’s latest incarnation is run by a retired Marine Corps general , William M. Keys , and privately owned by about 30 different shareholders , with the bulk of the shares held by Sciens Capital Management , an equity group in New York .
It operates a factory and small corporate office in West Hartford , Conn. , where it employs about 800 workers , most of whom are members of the United Auto Workers union .
A decade ago , the plant made as few as 150 rifles a week , General Keys said in an interview on Tuesday .
It now manufactures 4,000 rifles weekly , many for the United States military but others for police agencies and international customers , including Mexico , Malaysia and India .
The factory runs full production from Monday to Friday , with a two - week shutdown each summer and again around Christmas and New Year’s .
( The factory restarted production on Monday after a seasonal break . )
For bulk purchasers , a new M - 4 costs about $ 800 per rifle , though the price is often higher when after - market rail systems , used for mounting optics and lights , are included .
For rifles used by the American military , the United States Army requires Colt to install a rail system manufactured by Knight ’s Armament Company of Vero Beach , Fla . ; this pushes the price per piece to about $ 1,100 .
The photographs above offer a feel of the plant and show some of the processes of machining and assembly .
Several steps occur at other companies .
Colt has no foundry or injection - molding shop , for instance .
It purchases the sleeves of steel from which it manufactures barrels , and it subcontracts for the aluminum casts that , after machining inside the plant , are ground and cut for many of the rifle ’s parts .
Similarly , it buys its rifles ’ hand - guards and stocks .
The rifles ’ phosphate protective coating , which gives the metal parts their non-corrosive black finish , is also outsourced .
But the main operating parts are all machined here , and final assembly occurs in one corner of the plant , where the rifles come together and then are subjected to inspections and firing tests , including by government inspectors who work full - time on - site .
Controversies over what rifle is best for American military use continue .
In all likelihood , they always will .
Infantry rifle selection has always been about compromises , and arguments of which rifle , caliber and bullet composition are ideal for combat are a perennial infantryman ’s dispute .
But for now , Colt Defense has the market .
( Todd Heisler ’s photographs in today ’s blog post show the origins in New England of almost all of the American service rifles seen in the footage and images from Afghanistan and Iraq . )
You see , Beck 's rantings are all well and good when he 's merely giving a chalktalk about how Obama and the Democrats are Marxist Nazis ( which is kind of like feline canines , but never mind ) .
The GOP is more than happy to let him bark such nonsense at the end of his chain .
But when he breaks his chain and starts making unpleasant noises at the entrenched Republican establishment in Washington , well , shit just got real :
I would not have said that the only people who can stop Obama should be excoriated for being just as bad ... It would never occur to me to say that .
I do n’t know what the objective would be .
The above would be Rush Limbaugh .
And when the de facto leader of the Republican Party starts clearing his throat disapprovingly , you 'd best start writing your apology .
( That actually brings up an interesting scenario : what happens when a fellow conservative media titan challenges that wheezing old junkie ?
We already know what elected officials do : they grovel like bitches .
But what about another conservative media superstar ?
Could get interesting . )
But I digress .
The list of establishment conservative figures condemning Beck continues with Mark Levin , a popular right - wing radio host and author :
I have no idea what philosophy Glenn Beck is promoting .
And neither does he .
It ’s incoherent .
One day it ’s populist , the next it ’s libertarian bordering on anarchy , next it ’s conservative but not really , etc .
And to what end ?
I believe he has announced that he is no longer going to endorse candidates because our problems are bigger than politics .
Well , of course , our problems are not easily dissected into categories , but to reject politics is to reject the manner in which we try to organize ourselves .
Levin's even starting to sound a little bit panicky :
He also told Beck to " stop dividing " conservatives at a time when there is unprecedented " unity " in the movement .
There 's little doubt that Beck is getting dangerously close to crossing the line .
Oh , I do n't mean all the crazy , stupid , lying shit he 's been spouting for the past couple of years .
That was all good , as far as the Republican Party was concerned .
But now he 's taking on the GOP establishment .
We 've previously seen the Republicans get a little nervous when the rabble started getting a bit out of hand during the 2008 election .
But they 've mostly happily courted the Tea Party faction .
As long as they stay on their leash .
It will be interesting to see how far Glenn Beck is allowed to stray before he 's put back in his kennel .
Skeletal and terrified : British yacht couple reveal cruelty of their Somali pirate captors
Her face is gaunt and drawn , her frame skeletal and weak .
The shocking effects of captivity are all too clear in this picture of Rachel Chandler , who has been held by Somali pirates for the last three months .
The image was taken by a French news agency that was allowed to accompany a doctor who examined Mrs Chandler and her husband Paul , who are being held separately .
[ caption ]
The strain on 56 - year - old Mrs Chandler ’s face is clearly visible as she sits with her dress hanging loosely from her thin shoulders .
Yesterday she renewed her plea for urgent help , saying : ‘ We have not much time left and are being badly treated .
Please help us – these people are not treating us well . ’
She went on : ‘ I ’m old , I ’m 56 , and my husband is 60 years old .
We need to be together because we have not much time left .
These people are treating us so cruelly . ’
This is only the second time Mrs Chandler , an economist , has been seen since she and her husband were kidnapped in October at gunpoint as they sailed in their yacht towards Tanzania .
The last time was in November , when a video taken by the kidnappers – who are demanding a £ 1.9 million ransom – was shown on Channel 4 .
[ caption ]
They have made other pleas for help in desperate phone calls , most recently on January 21 , but the physical deterioration in yesterday ’s new images are clear .
The Somalian doctor who examined Mrs Chandler said she was suffering a heavy ‘ mental ’ toll as well , which was manifested in ‘ insomnia ’ .
Surgeon Mohamed Helmi Hangul , who spent three weeks securing permission to visit the couple , said : ' She 's very confused , she 's always asking about her husband - " Where 's my husband , where 's my husband ? " - and she seems completely disorientated . '
' If I was with my husband I would feel a lot better , ' Mrs Chandler told the medic .
' It 's because I am not with my husband that I am feeling so lonely and desperate and finding it difficult to sleep .
' I need to be with Paul .
We are husband and wife .
We have always been together and we look after one another . '
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Mr Chandler also appeared gaunt in the video taken last Thursday but released last night .
His ribs could be seen as he lifted his shirt to be checked by the doctor , who reported he had a cough and a fever .
In the video , filmed by the AFP photographer , Mr Chandler , a retired quantity surveyor , called on the British Government to intervene .
' I just want to say please to my government , get me and my wife out of here .
We are innocent we have done nothing wrong .
[ caption ]
' We have no money and ca n’t pay a ransom .
We just need the Government to help , anyone who can get us out of here .
‘ Day after day and this is 98 days of solitary confinement , no exercise .
I do n’t know what to do . ’
Mr Chandler finally pleaded : ‘ Will somebody please help ?
The government or somebody else . ’
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
With guns pointed at their backs , Paul and Rachel Chandler are forced to beg for mercy in a video released by their Somali kidnappers three months ago
Dr Hangul added he had not been allowed to bring any drugs with him but left a prescription - with the pirates .
‘ I gave them some advice and told them , “ Your hostages can die .
All you want is money so treat them well , let them reunite ” , ’ he said .
Mrs Chandler ’s brother , Stephen Collett , was too distressed to comment last night .
A family friend said : ‘ This is a highly distressing time for the family .
They know the stakes are high and they are in an impossible position .
' The pirates want an unaffordable ransom and the Government wo n’t pay it . ’
There has been sporadic communication with the Chandlers since they were captured , although this was the first time a journalist had been able to meet them .
Poll Should the government pay a ransom for British couple held hostage by Somali pirates ?
Yes No Should the government pay a ransom for British couple held hostage by Somali pirates ?
Yes 12268 votes
No 21350 votes
Now share your opinion
Eleven days ago Mr Chandler spoke to ITV news , explaining their captives had ‘ set a deadline of three or four days ’ , after which they expected to them to ‘ kill us and abandon us in the desert ’ .
In a separate call , Mrs Chandler said she had been hit with an object she believed was a gun .
A gang member told the Daily Mail last month that the couple , from Tunbridge Wells , Kent , would be shot by the end of February if they were not paid a $ 3 million ransom .
The Chandlers are being held in rugged areas between the coastal village of Elhur and the small inland town of Amara but are moved every 48 hours .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband has already insisted the Government will not become involved in any ransom payments .
A Foreign Office spokesman last night said : ‘ We are doing everything we can to help secure their release .
' We remain in regular contact with the family and are providing support .
We call for the safe and swift release of Paul and Rachel . '
Now watch the video ...
I used to do a lot MIDI programming ( placing the notes into my DAW with my mouse ) rather than recording the MIDI from my keyboard playing ( whether it be keyboard parts or drums . )
I found this to be a faster approach to get what I wanted because I ’m an awful keyboardist and have a lousy sense of rhythm .
While this approach gave me technically correct results , the sound was very robotic .
There are a variety of techniques one can use to try to get the of programmed notes to sound more “ human ” ( such as varying the timing and velocity of the notes ) but I do n’t think that ’s the best way to go about it .
Instead , I ’ve decided it ’s better to play my keyboard and drum parts .
I ’m still not very good at it ( although I get better the more I do it ) but I find if I take enough passes ( which is of course very easy with MIDI ) that I can get it close enough .
And if it ’s still not quite good enough then I can use quantization to improve the timing .
Quantization
You may be thinking that quantizing the notes defeats the entire purpose of recording my playing in the first place but that ’s not true .
First of all , a lot of the “ human touch ” is in the changing velocities , not just in the not perfect timing .
Secondly , you do n’t have to ( and you should n’t ) quantize 100 % .
Instead , I play around with the quantization percentage ( and other settings , with REAPER – my preferred DAW – there are a variety of quantization settings to manipulate ) until I get the feel that I want where it still sounds “ human ” but it ’s not overly sloppy like my playing tends to be without it .
Playing One Bit At A Time
If you ’re a bad keyboardist like me then you may want to borrow my technique of playing one bit a time .
For example , instead of playing both the left and right hands of a keyboard part – I may play each one separately and then add them together .
Or when playing drums I may do the kick and snare in one pass and then the hi-hat in another .
Looping
Another technique I use to make the process of getting a “ human ” sounding MIDI recording a bit easier is looping .
For example I may play 8 bars of my hi-hat playing and then just loop that to wherever it needs to be .
This tends to give enough of a “ human feel ” while not taking a huge amount of time .
Keyboard
I think it ’s essential to use a velocity sensitive keyboard if you want to get a “ human ” sounding MIDI recording .
And it ’s preferred to have a weighted key keyboard .
I use the SL - 990 MIDI Keyboard and I definitely highly recommend it .
It comes close to the feel of playing a real piano and it ’s not crazy expensive .
No , it has no built in sounds – but so what ?
Built in sounds are crap anyway in most cases .
It ’s meant to be used to control the drum machines , samplers , and synths you have on your computer and it works wonderfully for that .
Pianoteq
Combine the above weighted key keyboard with Pianoteq piano software for an extremely realistic piano playing experience .
It ’s really an awesome combination .
Their face is their fortune .
Caked in cheap rouge , kajal , powder and lipstick , they dress in ill - fitting blouses and colourful saris in a grotesque parody of womanhood as they roam the busy marketplaces in groups , terrorizing pedestrians , hustling for ten or a hundred rupees .
These are not your average beggars on the street .
With male voices shouting expletives , palms meeting crossways in a trademark clap , they prey on susceptible passersby , who will part with their cash sooner than be treated to the sight of the group collectively lifting up their saris and flashing castrated genital areas right in their faces .
Eunuchs - castrated males - have been in existence since the 9th Century BC .
The word derives from the Greek " keeper of the bed " because castrated men were in popular demand to guard royal harems .
The practice is believed to have started in China where , at the end of the Ming dynasty , there were as many as 70,000 eunuchs in the grand palace itself and many thousands more waiting to fill vacancies in the royal quarters .
In the 1930s , when American journalist Vincent Starrett visited Beijing , he interviewed 33 palace eunuchs , ranging in age from 60 to 80 .
In his journals , he described the surviving eunuchs as " thin , hairless , fat - lipped and bejowled ... with shrill voices and hair which hang down to their necks . "
By 1960 , the number of Chinese eunuchs had dwindled to 26 living in Beijing , and 1996 saw the death of Sun Yaoting , the last of these noble civil servants who passed away a little before his ninety - fourth birthday .
India is the only country where the tradition of eunuchs is prevalent today .
There are about 1 million of them , though their role in life has changed drastically from that of royal servants , confidantes and friends .
Eunuchs , or hijras as they are called here , have become something to be feared .
Nobody wants to be accosted by one of them - be nudged with their elbows , stroked on the cheek , taunted , cursed and flashed .
It 's by taking advantage of this discomfort and embarrassment at their existence , that hijras in 21st Century India are making their living .
Begging is n't their only source of income .
It 's an age - old custom in the country to have hijras bless childbirths , weddings , housewarmings and other auspicious occasions .
The eunuchs are believed to possess occult powers , and their blessings - and curses - are both considered potent .
The community has a complex network system , which informs them of every happy event in the neighbourhood .
No sooner has a baby been born in the family that a tinkle of ankle - bells herald the arrival of the hijras .
They sing and dance and create a commotion outside the house until the mother has allowed them to look at the baby .
Once they have blessed the child they demand exorbitant sums of money in lieu of their good wishes .
The inspection also carries an ulterior motive .
On rare occasions when the baby is born a eunuch , the hijras insist that the baby is given to them .
Often , the families will comply to avoid humiliation in society , and the group will take the child away to their ghettoes to raise him as he should be : as one of their own .
What happens in these ghettoes is a mystery few know about .
Most people , in fact , have no notion about how hijras come to be .
Some believe they are simply born that way - males without the male genitalia - while others will tell you that they are really men who were forcibly castrated in their youth .
Both views are true , though natural eunuchs are a very rare occurrence and castration is n't always by force .
An `operation ' as hijras call it , is cause for huge celebrations in the community .
It is performed out of doors , and feasts , song and dance are rituals that attend the event , which is orchestrated by the head of the community known as Gurus .
Views differ on the exact process of castration and one would believe that there are several procedures by which the hijras dispense with unwanted male appendages .
A common practice , however , begins with the individual being sequestered in isolation for some days during which he is fed on a diet of opium and milk to keep him in a permanent state of intoxication .
On a day declared auspicious by the Guru , the boy is laid down on a hard surface and a cord is tied tightly around his testicles to stop the flow of blood .
Several eunuchs hold him down as a sharp knife severs the penis and testicles in one swift movement .
The wound is bled for a period of hours , to signify the draining of manhood and the onset of womanhood .
A metal or wooden plug is inserted into the wound to stop full closure and leave an aperture for the passage of urine .
Hot oil is poured over the area and herbs are placed on it to hasten the healing process
Some communities , however , do not consider the procedure complete until the boy has been made to sit on a grinding stone and pushed down until he bleeds from the anus .
The drops of blood are taken to signify the first menstruation , and only then is the initiation complete .
Thereafter , the Guru takes over the proper upbringing of the newest member .
Everything the young hijra learns about the clan 's customs and traditions is at the feet the Guru .
His adopted family of fellow hijras provides a loving environment and he is fed , clothed and looked after well until he too feels a sense of security and well - being .
The hijras I met at a ghetto in Bombay 's Kamatipura area seemed pretty content with their lot in life .
This was in 1995 , when all I knew about them was that they were neither men nor women , were rude and aggressive people and lived in areas where outsiders were strictly unwelcome .
But I happened to be near a hijra neighbourhood , and in a spirit of adventure , I asked a male friend who was with me , if we could take our taxi close enough to see some of them .
The houses they lived in were typical Bombay chawls - ancient three to four - storeyed structures with a long , common verandah running down the front of each floor .
Hijras were everywhere , leaning over the banisters , walking down the narrow street , chatting , laughing , combing each other 's hair .
The appearance of our taxi caused no stir , and encouraged by this , my friend stopped the car and walked a small distance to chat up a hijra .
He 'd pretend to be a customer , he said .
At that point , I had no idea that hijras also sold their bodies .
Yet , many of them were indeed standing at doorsteps , hand on hip , the way I had seen prostitutes pose in the adjacent Kamatipura red - light area .
Men were everywhere , walking in and out of the buildings .
A couple of hijras walked up to the taxi in which I was sitting and I watched their progress with mounting fear .
The presence of a female in their ghetto must anger these people , and I wondered if they would react violently to this intrusion .
" Look , look your man is chatting up another woman , " laughed the taller of the two , gesturing with her hand at my friend who was by then deep in conversation with the hijra he had chosen .
She urged me to get out of the cab , and informed me she was Sita and her friend was called Aarti .
The `woman ' my `husband ' liked , she said , was Lata .
Not only did they have female names , they also spoke of each other as women .
The couple invited me into their house , and it was with much trepidation that I began to climb up the dark , dingy staircase with my friend and his woman in tow .
As we made our way along the second - floor verandah , hijras who were lounging about reached forward to shake my hand .
I was amazed to note that I caused more of a flutter among them than my male friend .
Used to women who ran away at the sight of them , it appeared I was a novelty in these parts and everybody wanted to get closer and touch me .
The room we were led into contained two beds , and a hijra who looked to be about 70 was cutting vegetables into neat piles .
I was wondering how they entertained customers in such a domestic environment when Lata , the one my friend had chosen , pointed at a narrow ladder placed at one end of the room .
The ladder led up to a platform which was partitioned into three cubicles .
Each contained a stained mattress and a naked bulb hung from a low ceiling .
Lata led us into her own cubicle and I gathered this was where they serviced the men .
There was n't enough room to sit cross-legged on the mattress and Lata giggled merrily as we tried to get comfortable without banging our heads on the ceiling .
My friend had paid her Rs 300 for an hour , during which time we said we only wanted to talk to her .
The request did n't seem to surprise Lata - probably because I was present and there was little chance of any real action - and agreed to tell us her story .
She used to be a young boy from Bihar before her operation , she said .
When she was young , her school - master would take her to lonely classrooms and sodomise her regularly .
The discomfort disappeared after a while and when other village men began to prey on her , it did n't feel bad or abnormal .
By the time she was 17 , Lata knew she liked what the men did to her and she decided to have an operation .
She could n't explain the need to cut off her male genitals and could only say that it made her feel more of a woman .
Soon after , having collected enough money for the procedure , she ran away and got herself operated at a local clinic in Bihar which did this kind of stuff .
Thereafter , she came to Bombay , having heard that business was good in the city , and was pretty content servicing men who visited this hijra neighbourhood .
Clients who came to their quarters , she said , were often heterosexual men who could not afford a female prostitute .
The rest were closet gays for whom hijras were the only source of release for pent - up frustrations .
Before the evening was over and we left the place , I had spoken to several members of the community .
While all of them told stories that suggested they had homosexual tendencies , few could explain the need to neuter themselves or adopt the hijra way of life .
" We are the third gender , " said Sita , my first hijra friend .
" There is no room for homosexuals in this society .
And none of us can envisage a life where we are forced to marry females and have children by them .
So the only way out is to cut off our manhood and become hijras .
This is the only community which will accept us and let us live our lives the way we want to .
By not being heterosexuals , we are already damned .
As a hijra , at least we are not the sole target of the derision and ridicule that society heaps on us .
We can endure it as a community . "
The feeling that life has shortchanged them often prompts their perverse and obscene behavior in public .
" What more do we have to lose ? " says Sita .
" We are anyway treated worse than an untouchable .
If we overdo the kind of behavior that is expected of us , we can twist people 's arms and make them pay for our sustenance .
It 's the least society can do for us . "
The freedom this deviant existence affords within the community , however , is not without some restrictions .
Their society is strictly hierarchical and a eunuch 's life is governed by regulations laid down by his immediate superior .
Hijras all over the country are divided into seven `houses ' .
Each house has a Nayak at its head , below whom come several Gurus .
The Gurus in turn rule over the community members and regulate their day - to - day life .
While the houses of north India have very rigid systems , the ones in the south are said to be more relaxed in the way the members dress and behave .
The high point of every eunuch 's life is the annual festival at Koovagam , a small village 200 miles south of Madras .
On Chitrai Purnima , the new year of the Tamil lunar calendar , the sleepy little village becomes a hive of activity as hijras from all over the country converge for a ' ceremony of marriage and subsequent widowhood ' .
The scene is adopted from the Mahabharata , one of India 's two great epics .
During the battle of Kurukshetra , the Pandavas brothers had to sacrifice one warrior to gain a tactical edge over their warring cousins .
Their war council selected Aravanan , one of epic hero Arjuna 's sons .
The boy agreed to die for the holy cause of defeating the wicked Kaurava cousins , but he expressed a wish to marry first .
Aravanan 's last wish posed a huge problem , for who would knowingly let their daughter marry a man who would die in battle the very next day ?
To solve the issue , Lord Krishna assumed the form of Mohini , a beautiful woman , and married Aravanan .
The man -woman context appealed to the eunuch community , and for over 500 years , Aravanan has been deified and made central to the eunuch psyche .
The hijras see themselves as Mohini , and on the festival day the priest at Aravanan 's temple marries them off to the diety .
The next day , the priest cuts the mangalsutra , the marriage chain , and the hijras all become widows .
After the marriage celebrations and mournings of widowhood are over , the time comes for hijras to mingle and find new mates .
A number of competitions take place then , notable among which is the annual beauty contest .
In gaudily embroidered saris , elaborate hair styles , make - up and jewellery , the hijras parade down the aisle , showing off their stuff to thunderous applause from the crowds .
In recent years , events such as the hijra beauty contest have begun to receive a lot of public attention , and a group of eunuchs even had the opportunity to model in a professional fashion show , which was well - attended by India 's fashion circle and the media .
This attempt at bringing them to the forefront of public consciousness was a huge success and the eunuchs who took part could n't get over the fact that they were sharing the stage with Miss Indias and the country 's leading models .
Not quite so much in the media glare , however , are a number of social bodies such as the Hijra Kalyan Sabha and the Dai Welfare Society which are working alongside these eunuchs to give them a proper place in society .
" We too want to go to restaurants , visit cinema halls and parks , " says Revathi , a hijra activist who was in Calcutta recently at a social meet .
" We also want to educate ourselves and improve our prospects .
We want to enjoy the privileges of being an Indian , and I believe that in time we will achieve our dream .
Hijras have already won elections and entered the field of politics .
Movies are being made about us , and people are trying to understand our predicament .
In the world 's largest democracy ... maybe there 's hope for us yet . "
* * * * *
Bob D’Amico
With less than a month to go until the Feb. 2 premiere of the final season of “ Lost , ” ABC gave the show ’s promotional machine a first fateful crank on Monday evening , releasing two images designed to whet the appetites of longtime “ Lost ” fans .
The pictures , which can be seen in their entirety here and here , are clearly inspired by Leonardo Da Vinci ’s “ Last Supper ” ( not to mention , as The Hollywood Reporter points out , similar promotions for the final seasons of “ The Sopranos ” and “ Battlestar Galactica ” ) , and their subtle differences seem to promise clues to attentive observers .
What hidden secrets about the conclusion of “ Lost ” have we divined after several hours of careful meditation ?
Almost none .
But here are a few things we ’ve noticed .
Do they mean anything ?
In both pictures , the character John Locke ( played by Terry O’Quinn ) sits at the center of the table .
But in the first image , he is stern - faced , while in the second image , he seems to wear a beatific smile .
What ’s he so happy about ?
Is he the key character to this final season ?
Is he just happy he ’ll never have to make another “ Stepfather ” movie again ?
If you flip between the two pictures , you ’ll notice that the characters of Miles ( played by Ken Leung ) and Claire ( Emily de Ravin ) appear to swap places .
What does this mean ?
Does it have anything to do with Miles ’s mysterious ability to communicate with the dead , and the fact that Claire is ( or seems to be ) dead ?
In the first image , the married couple Jin ( Daniel Dae Kim ) and Sun ( Yunjin Kim ) are next to each other , but in the second image they are separated — just as , in the current continuity of the show , they are separated in time by more than 30 years .
Is a reunion in their future , or will they be kept apart permanently ?
In both pictures , Sayid ( Naveen Andrews ) is the fourth figure from the left — the position in which Judas Iscariot was seated in Leonardo ’s painting .
Does this mean he will eventually betray Locke or the rest of the castaways ?
Is this in any way connected to his apparently failed attempt to kill Ben last season ?
Also in both images , you ’ll find Kate ( Evangeline Lilly ) on the left side of Locke .
Does this mean that , as “ The Da Vinci Code ” taught us , she is pregnant with Locke ’s child ?
And hey , check out that clean new haircut on Jack ( Matthew Fox ) .
Pretty spiffy , huh ?
That ’s the best we could do .
Got any thoughts of your own ?
Please post them in the comments below .
We could use the help .
Everyone from the mainstream media to celebrities is obsessing over Chatroulette , the website that randomly connects users through one - on - one videochat with strangers around the world .
Why is it so addictive ?
As Wired 's resident Chatroulette expert ( I 've been using the service since it was created in late 2009 ) , I think I know why :
Inner internet exhibitionist unleashed , no strings attached — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Let 's say you ’re a bouncer at a high - class club in Vegas who wants to share his drunken exploits with the world – or , maybe you and your friends want to create a choreographed homage to Lady Gaga 's " Pokerface . " *
Before Chatroulette , there were consequences for uploading your antics to the web ( nasty YouTube comments , the possibility that people will make fun of your " Singing in the Shower " video for decades to come ) .
Chatroulette provides the opportunity to act like a crazy person online while still , for the most part , remaining anonymous .
Just click
Next when you 're done entertaining ( or , alternatively , gaping at ) your current Chatroulette buddy , and voila : a new person for you to amuse .
Next button — — ——
Think of Chatroulette as a gigantic dinner party , only there 's no need to awkwardly excuse yourself when you 're bored with chatting with a fellow guest .
If your Chatroulette partner is droning on about his pet ferret or his fancy hat collection , * Next him !
Warning :
At some point you will , too , be Nexted .
It happens to the best of us .
It may hurt your feelings .
Throwback to a bygone , unpoliced internet era — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
In the wake of dubious Facebook privacy settings and Google Buzz , Chatroulette is a refreshing return to the days of the IRC and old - school AOL chat rooms .
Of course , this means you ’re going to see some X - rated stuff — this is not a site for minors , or for the squeamish .
But , in an age in which potential employers scan your social networking profiles before calling your references , part of the appeal of Chatroulette is in its unsupervised shock value .
Talk to all kinds of people , all over the world — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
I logged onto Chatroulette to ask fellow users about their best experiences on the site .
Almost everyone I spoke with – from Florence , to Sao Paulo , to Little Rock , to Shanghai – said the same thing : " I get to talk to people I otherwise never would . "
I heard stories about men dressed up as Dr. Seuss characters , people claiming to be messengers from Mars and forlorn teenagers seeking love advice .
People can find intelligent discourse on traveling , fine wines and indie bands from Nashville , or take biology lessons from a German professor .
Most people I spoke with did n't care about trolls or X - rated body parts ; they simply clicked Next when faced with someone who was n't serious about chatting .
I think Mike from Palm Springs summed up Chatroulette 's allure best of all : " You never know who you 're going to meet .
One minute you will be talking to a person from Europe , and the next minute a guy will hold his cat up to the screen and tell you to make a face .
It 's fun — ——
Chatroulette 's 17 - year old Russian founder , Andrey Ternovskiy , told me in an e-mail that he created the site ( with a $ 10 webcam and a few lines of code ) " because I wanted to entertain myself and my friends .
I am not even sure what the purpose of Chatroulette is now .
Everybody finds his own way of using the site !
Some people think it is a game , others think it is a dating service .
I think it 's cool that my service is useful for many purposes . "
He added that his goal , right from the beginning , was very simple : " To make something different from what currently exists on the internet and to make something that is n't boring . "
I speak from experience : Chatroulette is fun , and definitely worth a try .
* Yes , I 've Chatrouletted with these people .
British Commandos
Military Intelligence Service , Special Series No. 1 , August 9 , 1942
[ DISCLAIMER :
The following text is taken from a WWII U.S. War Department Special Series publication .
As with all wartime intelligence information , data may be incomplete or inaccurate .
No attempt has been made to update or correct the text .
Any views or opinions expressed do not necessarily represent those of the website . ]
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Nasa 's Kepler Space Telescope has detected its first five exoplanets , or planets beyond our Solar System .
The observatory , which was launched last year to find other Earths , made the discoveries in its first few weeks of science operations .
Although the new worlds are all bigger than our Neptune , the US space agency says the haul shows the telescope is working well and is very sensitive .
The exoplanets have been given the names Kepler 4b , 5b , 6 b , 7 b and 8b .
They were announced at an American Astronomical Society meeting in Washington DC .
The planets range in size from an object that has a radius four times that of Earth , to worlds much bigger than even our Jupiter .
And they all circle very close to their parent stars , following orbits that range from about 3.2 to 4.9 days .
This proximity and the fact that the host stars are themselves much hotter than our Sun means Kepler 's new exoplanets experience an intense roasting .
Intriguing density Estimated temperatures go from about 1,200C to 1,650C ( 2,200 F to 3,000F ) .
" The planets we found are all hotter than molten lava ; they all simply glow with their temperatures , " said Bill Borucki , Kepler 's lead scientist from Nasa 's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , California .
THE KEPLER SPACE TELESCOPE
Will study more than 100,000 suns Continuously for 4 to 6 + years Tuned to see Earth - size planets
Will target the habitable zone Will also see Mars to Jupiter sizes " In fact the upper two are hotter than molten iron and looking at them might be like looking at a blast furnace .
They are very bright in their own right and certainly no place to look for life . "
Kepler 7 b will intrigue many scientists .
It is one of the lowest - density exoplanets ( about 0.17 grams per cubic centimetre ) yet discovered .
" The average density of this planet with its core is about the same as Styrofoam , " explained Dr Borucki .
" So it 's an amazingly light planet , something I 'm sure theoreticians will be delighted to look at in terms of trying to understand [ its ] structure . "
Kepler blasted into space atop a Delta II rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on 6 March , 2009 .
It is equipped with the largest camera ever launched into space .
The telescope 's mission is to continuously and simultaneously observe more than 100,000 stars .
It senses the presence of planets by looking for a tiny " shadowing " effect when one of them passes in front of its parent star .
' Water worlds '
Kepler 's detectors , built by UK firm e2 v , have extraordinary sensitivity .
Nasa says that if the observatory were to look down at a small town on Earth at night from space , it would be able to detect the dimming of a porch light as somebody passed in front of it .
Artist 's impression :
Four of the five are bigger than a Jupiter
The space agency hopes this sensitivity will lead it to planets that are not only Earth - size but which orbit their stars at distances more favourable to life , where liquid water might potentially reside on their surfaces .
The mission 's scientists told the AAS meeting that Kepler had measured hundreds of possible planet signatures but that these needed further investigation to establish their true nature .
To confirm the existence of the most ideal Earth - like planets would take a few years , they warned .
In the meantime , all detections will help scientists improve their statistics on the distributions of planet size and orbital period .
The follow - up observations needed to confirm the new exoplanets ' existence used a suite of ground - based facilities including the Keck I telescope in Hawaii .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Out of body rabbit experience ( Image : William Koechling / Getty )
In a new twist on an old illusion , people have been made to feel an “ imaginary rabbit ” hopping along a stick resting between their fingers .
The trick is a variation on a tactile illusion called the cutaneous rabbit in which a series of discrete taps to two areas of skin are perceived as movement between those two areas .
For instance , two taps to the elbow followed by a single tap to the wrist will feel as if a “ rabbit ” is hopping towards the wrist .
Makoto Miyazaki , a cognitive neuroscientist at Kochi University of Technology in Japan , was using this decades - old trick to test perception when he realised that the effect seemed to jump from his body onto the object he was holding at the time .
Advertisement
To investigate further , Miyazaki used an electrically operated device to administer taps to eight volunteers while they held a 10 - centimetre aluminium rod between two fingers .
The volunteers were then asked to describe where they felt the taps .
Finger tapping
The device delivered two taps to the first finger , 800 milliseconds apart , then tapped the second finger 50 or 80 milliseconds later .
As with the classical version of the illusion , volunteers did not sense discrete taps to one finger and then the other .
Instead , they felt the taps move up or down the stick , depending on the order in which they were delivered .
The participants sensed the first tap as being on their finger , the second tap ( which was actually on the same finger ) as being halfway down the rod , and the third tap on the second finger , which is where it actually was .
In control experiments , volunteers not holding the rod who were given the same sequence of taps reported no sensation passing between their fingers .
“ It is a bit astonishing , ” says Felix Blankenburg , a neuroscientist at the Bernstein Center for Computational Neuroscience in Berlin , Germany , who in a separate experiment scanned the brains of people experiencing the cutaneous rabbit illusion .
Body map
Blankenburg ’s study pinpointed activity in a part of the brain called the somatosensory cortex , an area that maintains an internal body map .
“ According to common - sense physiology , this stick should not be included in the body map , ” Miyazaki says .
To feel the “ rabbit ” hop onto the stick , so to speak , could mean that the body map is more changeable than previously thought , he says .
He plans to run experiments which scan brain activity during the illusion , in the hope that this will pinpoint the exact mechanisms responsible .
Journal reference : The Journal of Neuroscience , DOI : 10.1523/jneurosci.3887-09-2010
Read more : explore more tactile illusions in our special feature
More than half of Italians aged 18 to 34 still live at home .
One ' bamboccione ' who lives with his parents explains why
More than 50 % of Italians aged 18 to 34 still live at home with their parents .
This state of ­affairs has prompted one minister to call for a new law forcing " bamboccioni " – mummies ' boys and girls – to leave the nest at 18 .
What does Maurizio Schiavi , a 36 - year - old who lives with his parents in Rome , think ?
If the minister knows how to pay for it , I 'd welcome a law ­forbidding over - 18s from staying at home .
I 'm a trained sound engineer .
I 've lived alone and abroad .
I 've been married and divorced .
But here I am , back with my mother and father at age 36 .
Like a lot of people in the ­music business , I 've been hit by the recession .
I 'm short of work .
In my industry , the state will pay 70 % of my previous ­salary for six months .
After that , ­nothing .
Overall , the welfare payments are a fraction of what you get in the UK .
We work .
We pay our taxes .
And then we 're left high and dry by the state when we need it .
Italians have no option but to turn to the family .
It 's the same with university .
There are no grants here , just scholarships for the neediest to cover accommodation costs , so most students live at home till they graduate .
Although I get on well with my parents , it 's not easy ­fitting into a family life I thought I 'd left behind .
I 'm a good cook , but my parents are very ­traditional .
My father is 77 .
My mother is 72 .
They belong to a generation in which the man went out to work and the woman looked after the house .
My mother is very attached to that role and will not let anyone usurp it .
If only I was allowed to cook !
In other countries , perhaps , people might think you were living at home because you had problems or could n't cope with real life .
But here , because living with your parents is so widespread , it 's entirely socially acceptable .
It certainly does n't cause me any problem with my friends .
As for my parents , they lived with my father 's parents so it 's normal for them .
They have no objection to the fact that my girlfriend is living with me at the moment .
She 's treated as one of the family .
My parents ' attitude is mixed , though .
When I was abroad , they were always worrying about my health and my work .
And having me around makes them feel safer : it 's reassuring to have someone younger in the house .
But , on the other hand , they 're concerned at seeing me in financial difficulties .
Interview by John Hooper
Judge Netburn Unseals Order to Depose on Eve of 9/11 Anniversary
Publicly revealing a groundbreaking decision in the case of the 9/11 families vs. the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , the Court released a redacted version of its August 27 , 2020 decision ordering the depositions of key Saudi Arabian government officials .
We hope this decision signifies a turning point in the pursuit of truth and justice for the 9/11 Community .
Read the Court Order
Read the Story on Yahoo News
Kreindler Following NYC Scaffolding Collapse
Kreindler attorneys are closely following the tragic , deadly collapse of sidewalk scaffolding in Midtown Manhattan on July 16 , 2020 .
Initial reports indicate that the collapse was part of a chain - reaction that may have been instigated by a section of falling parapet .
A Better Way Forward . . .
There is a lot going on in our country .
While we battle the spread of the Covid - 19 virus , and struggle to return to some semblance of normalcy in our lives and our careers , we find ourselves at a crossroads with respect to racial equality .
As a nation , our eyes have finally been opened to the disparate treatment that people of color experience every single day .
At Kreindler & Kreindler LLP , we are extremely proud of our long history of cultivating not only an inclusive workplace , but one where employees and clients of all races , religions , beliefs , abilities , sexual preferences , gender identities , ages , and political affiliations are treated equally and with respect .
We believe , and have hope , that the movement sweeping the nation will result in better days ahead for our country and our world .
We will continue to stand against racism and injustice .
We stand for diversity and inclusion .
We stand with people everywhere who yearn for a better way forward .
September 11th Victim Compensation Fund
The VCF continues to operate and the entire Kreindler September 11th Victim Compensation Fund is working everyday on new claims and managing existing claims .
No law firm in the country has a larger team of professionals continuing to work everyday on behalf of victims of 9/11 and their families .
To date , we 've recovered more than 2.5 billion dollars on behalf of our clients for 9/11 related claims .
Read more about the VCF
Update Concerning Kreindler During the Covid - 19 Health Crisis
We know these are uncertain and trying times for everyone .
Kreindler attorneys and staff are continuing full - time work for our clients while complying with state and federal work restrictions and taking all appropriate measures to protect our employees .
Please read the steps we are taking to address our committment to work during the Covid - 19 Health Crisis .
Read about Kreindler and Covid-19
Kreindler to Attend Congressional Hearing on Boeing 737 Max
On June 17 , 2020 , the US Senate ’s Commerce Committee will hold a hearing on the FAA ’s aircraft certification process .
FAA Administrator Steve Dickson will testify about issues associated with the design , development , certification , and operation of the Boeing 737 MAX .
We will be at the hearing and will report on its outcome .
Livestream of the June 17 , 2020 Hearing
Kreindler Investigating the Hawaii Tour Helicopter Crash
Kreindler is investigating the tragic , fatal crash of the Eurocopter AS350 tour helicopter in Hawaii on December 26 , 2019 .
The helicopter was scheduled to tour the Na Pali Coast on the island of Kauai that was featured in the film “ Jurassic Park . ”
Kreindler & Kreindler staff includes five commercially - licensed helicopter pilots .
Visit our Helicopter Accidents page for more information
Planned Parenthood has a calm , measured , and effective YouTube response to the Focus on the Family / Tim Tebow Super Bowl ad : Pam Tebow made the right choice for herself , so trust other women to make the right choices for themselves .
Perhaps it will garner fewer viewers than a Super Bowl ad , but as Katha Pollitt points out , blowing $ 2.5 million on a 30 - second spot is not exactly a hallmark of good financial stewardship .
The Super Bowl wo n’t be the Heisman trophy winner ’s only high - profile appearance this week .
Yesterday , at the National Prayer Breakfast , Tebow rubbed shoulders with the world ’s most powerful people and delivered the closing prayer .
I suspect it was no accident that the football star qua evangelist — and now the quasi-official spokesperson for the softer side of the anti-abortion movement — was given this distinct honor .
His gridiron prowess fits perfectly with The Family ’s fixation with a Jesus - as - strongman myth , and they could deliver the anti-choice message through him without uttering a word about abortion .
Tebow is the new face of the anti-abortion movement .
Women of America , if you reject the choice of abortion , you too can be the proud mother of a strapping young man who reaches the pinnacle of America ’s number one sports obsession .
The new message of evangelicalism :
If you believe , God will deliver .
Gone is the fire and brimstone , the episodic Pat Robertson outburst swept under the rug .
Handsome and athletic , Tebow preaches how believing in Jesus elevates you ; you no longer have to fear God ’s judgment and wrath .
Even the feminist Hillary Clinton was Tebow - ized at the National Prayer Breakfast .
In her speech , she recalled a previous appearance by the late Mother Teresa at the prayer breakfast :
In February of 1994 , the speaker here was Mother Teresa .
She gave , as everyone who remembers that occasion will certainly recall , a strong address against abortion .
And then she asked to see me .
And I thought , “ Oh , dear . ” ( Laughter . )
And after the breakfast , we went behind that curtain and we sat on folding chairs , and I remember being struck by how small she was and how powerful her hands were , despite her size , and that she was wearing sandals in February in Washington .
( Laughter . )
We began to talk , and she told me that she knew that we had a shared conviction about adoption being vastly better as a choice for unplanned or unwanted babies .
And she asked me – or more properly , she directed me – to work with her to create a home for such babies here in Washington .
I know that we often picture , as we ’re growing up , God as a man with a white beard .
But that day , I felt like I had been ordered , and that the message was coming not just through this diminutive woman but from someplace far beyond .
( emphasis mine ) .
This from the Secretary of State who just last month , in commemorating the 15th anniversary of the International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo , declared :
More than 215 million women worldwide lack access to the modern forms of contraception , and this contributes to the nearly 20 million unsafe abortions that take place very year .
Sexually transmitted diseases , of course including , but not limited to , HIV and AIDS , claim millions of lives annually among women .
Fistula destroys the lives of millions , and it is often the result of pregnancies that occur when a girl is too young .
An estimated 70 million – that is 70 million women and girls worldwide – have been subjected to female genital cutting , a procedure that is not only painful and traumatic but is also the source of infections and increased risks of injury during childbirth .
Now , as those of us gathered in the Ben Franklin Room on the eight floor of the State Department know very well , the topic of reproductive health is subject to a great deal of debate .
But I think we should all agree that these numbers are not only grim , but after 15 years , they are intolerable .
For if we believe that human rights are women ’s rights and women ’s rights are human rights , then we cannot accept the ongoing marginalization of half the world ’s population .
We cannot accept it morally , politically , socially , or economically .
But speaking to a room of the world ’s most powerful people who have the means and clout to change the lives of women and girls — if they wanted to — that Hillary Clinton fell silent .
As Jeff Sharlet has reported , that roomful of people most decidedly do n’t want to promote reproductive health .
And sure , it would n’t have been politic for Clinton to crusade for abortion rights at the National Prayer Breakfast .
But that ’s the problem with The Family ’s supposedly innocuous , ecumenical prayer breakfast , is n’t it ?
As Sharlet told me two years ago , “ They ’ve set the terms up so you ca n’t really go against it . ”
That ’s why Tebow was the quintessential prayer breakfast guest : he and Focus on the Family are trying to set up the terms so you ca n’t really go against it , either .
Just like with the prayer breakfast , this evangelicalism is n’t axiomatically , unquestionably pure and good .
And the Washington political culture just does n’t get it .
We knew it : 3 - D films are trying to kill you with migraines and crappy vision .
A new study proves the relationship between 3 - D and headaches .
But will this stop Hollywood 's slate of 32 ( and counting ) upcoming 3 - D films ?
Advertisement
A study at the University of California Berkeley found that 3 - D movies can cause eyestrain along with headaches .
Apparently , 3 - D does n't allow our eyes to " follow the rules " because we 're busy focusing on things both far and near at the same time , hence the headaches and blurred vision .
Professor Martin Banks explained this to VOA Health .
" You 're taking that normal relationship which has been coupled in the brain for years and you 're changing it .
And what we showed is that can cause fatigue . "
Advertisement
Not only that , 3 - D is worse for your children and the youth of tomorrow , because younger viewers are far more susceptible to the ill effects of 3-D :
" When you hit your 50s and 60s , we think that concern is going to be reduced ... So that is probably more problematic for young adults , teenagers , et cetera . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Click to view
I myself am a long - term sufferer of 3 - D fatigue , and while it 's fun to slap on the old glasses now and again , my heart is filled with dread by the band - wagoning approach Hollywood has had with 3 - D since Avatar hit big .
There are already 32 films slated to have 3 - D releases , and that 's just as of today .
Advertisement
3D 2010 :
Clash of the Titans
Alice In Wonderland
Despicable Me
Piranha 3D *
How To Train Your Dragon
Toy Story 3
Shrek Forever After
Hubble 3 - D
Cats Vs. Dogs 2
Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 1
Tron Legacy
The Gate
The Hole
Rapunzel - Tangled
Guardians of the Ga'hoole
Advertisement
2011
Priest
Cowboys and Aliens
Foundation
Zombieland 2
Transformers 3
Underworld 4
Erector Set Film
The Adventures of Tintin : Secret of the Unicorn
Hoodwinked 2 : Hood vs. Evil
Journey to the Center of the Earth 2
Flanimals
Tim Burton 's Frankenweenie
Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 2
2012 :
Spiderman
Avatar 2
The Smurfs 3D
Unconfirmed 3D Possibilities :
Captain America
Green Lantern
Sadly it would seem as if 3D is here to stay .
And your brain and eyes will just have to take the pain .
Advertisement
* might actually not be 3 - D , even though it 's titled Piranha 3 - D .
Image from Deklofenak / Shutterstock
One mark of professionally set type is the proper use of hyphens , en dashes , and em dashes .
Each is a different length and has a separate usage .
Here are the differences between these three similar marks and when to use each of them .
rawpixel / Unsplash
When to Use a Hyphen
Hyphens join words , such as " state - of - the - art " or " son- in - law , " and they separate characters in phone numbers like 123- 555-0123 .
Hyphenation indicates a relationship between individual words , usually compound adjectives , which are two or more words that together make an adjective .
When the words come directly before a noun , they 're hyphenated .
When they come after the noun , they 're not .
For example , a client may offer a long - term project , or they may offer a project that is long term .
The hyphen is next to the zero key on a keyboard ( and above the plus sign on a numeric keypad ) .
It also has the Unicode entity U+2012 .
The Difference Between En and Em Dashes
En and em dashes are both longer than hyphens .
The size of the en and em dashes is roughly equivalent to the width of the N and M , respectively , for the typeface in which they appear
In 12 - point type , the en dash is about 6 points long , which is half the em dash , and the em dash is about 12 points , which matches the point size .
Typesetting uses the measurement term " points . "
An inch equals 72 points .
When and How to Use an En Dash
En dashes are primarily for showing duration or range , as in 9:00 – 5:00 or March 15 – 31 .
An en dash does n't have a key on your keyboard .
Create one on a Mac with the keyboard shortcut Option - hyphen .
In Windows , hold down the ALT key , and then type 0150 on the numeric keypad .
If you work with web pages , create an en dash in HTML by typing " – " or " &ndash . "
You can also use the Unicode numeric entity of U+2013 .
When and How to Use an Em Dash
Use an em dash to set apart a clause in a sentence , similar to how you use a parenthetical phrase ( like this ) .
You can also use an em dash to add a break in the middle of a sentence or to emphasize the content between the marks .
For example , " Her best friends — Rachel , Joey , and Scarlett — took her to dinner . "
Use em dashes in place of double hyphens ( -- ) as punctuation .
Like the en dash , you also wo n't find a dedicated em dash key on your keyboard .
Type an em-dash using Shift - Option - hyphen on a Mac . In Windows , use ALT + 0151 .
To use an em dash on a web page , create it in HTML with " — " or " — . "
You can also use the Unicode numeric entity of U+2014 .
What is call screening ?
Your work days are busy enough without having to deal with nuisance or untimely callers .
Your RingCentral account arms you with call screening service , empowering you to stop unwanted calls .
When a call comes in , caller ID details appear on your phone ’s display , informing you who is on the line .
You now have the choice to pick up the call , decline it , or send it directly to voicemail .
If you have people you never want to talk to , you can prevent their calls from ever connecting with you .
Call blocking is an effective screening option for stopping unwanted calls .
Call screening is available on your desk phone , mobile phone , and RingCentral for Desktop .
This service is included in all RingCentral Office® editions .
( Newser ) – When a Swedish dope smoker 's TV started talking to him and his girlfriend appeared to turn into a dolphin , he decided it was time to lodge a complaint .
The befuddled 26 - year - old went to his local police station to complain about the low quality of the hash he had been sold .
He told officers he suspected it had been laced with LSD or some other psychedelic substance , and wanted it tested , the Local reports .
The man told police he'd never experienced similar effects in his 10 years of smoking hash .
Police say the dealer could face assault charges on top of drug - dealing ones if the hashish sample turned in by the dissatisfied customer was found to contain LSD .
No charges have been filed , however , since the smoker eventually decided against giving police the name of his supplier .
( Read more Sweden stories . )
Apple has started to ban many applications for the iPhone that feature sexually suggestive material , but the surprise move has some developers up in arms over a perceived lack of consistency .
The company said it was responding to complaints from users as some software vendors were submitting objectionable content .
Developers expressed their discontent as thousands of adult themed apps were removed , while some others , like one from Playboy has remained .
I 'm now worried the eco-system is run by puritans and is not fair to all players , developer Jon Atherton said on its website .
Atherton 's Australian company , ChilliFresh , created an app that provides pictures of women 's breasts that wobble as users shake their phones .
And worst of all it is not a secure source of income .
It can drop to close to zero if they decide to change the rules , he added .
Apple said that it was responding to complaints it was receiving from parents and women who found the content too degrading and objectionable .
Speaking to the New York Times , Apple 's head of marketing Phil Schiller also explained why some were removed while others were n't .
The difference is this is a well - known company with previously published material available broadly in a well - accepted format , Schiller said .
Parents were upset with what their kids were able to see .
He also said that the company had been seeing an increasing number of apps with sexually suggestive content in recent weeks .
But Atherton says the apparent bias towards established brands hurts Apple 's credibility .
So it 's ok for a well known company to produce and display adult material to our children , but not ok for somebody to show cartoon pics of a female body , he wrote .
Atherton and other developers are calling for Apple to publish its new guidelines so that developers were clear on what they could and could not do as well as to clarify why not all sex - related apps are affected by the ban .
I have been teaching literature for 30 years , and the longer I teach , the more I enjoy teaching Shakespeare .
As I grow older and wearier , his plays seem to deliver greater matter and art in a more condensed and lively way than any other text I could choose .
To be clichéd about it : Shakespeare offers more bang for the buck .
While Shakespeare now draws me more than ever before , one work in particular draws me most .
This is The Merchant of Venice .
For me , this extraordinary play grows increasingly subtle and supple with time .
It continues to excite me with its language , its depth of character , and its philosophical , political , spiritual , and pedagogical implications .
Looking back over my years of teaching the play , I see that the way it has been received by my students is an index to how our society has changed .
I also see how much the play continues to push against established readings and to challenge even the most seemingly enlightened perspectives .
The Merchant of Venice is both a mirror of our times and a means of transcending the bias of our times .
It teaches how to teach .
My response to the play may be connected to the nature of my career in literature .
I was exposed to highbrow literary criticism in the 1970s at elite undergraduate and graduate institutions .
This was a time when multi­culturalism was making inroads in academia but when progressive thinking coexisted with an ingrained snobbism regarding how literature should be taught and who should teach it .
This climate of snobbish virtue that I associate with my education came into direct conflict with the hardscrabble atmosphere of my first and only major teaching job .
Drexel University in Philadelphia , where I was fortunate to be hired in a shrinking job market , was primarily a commuter school with a student body of first - generation college students when I began teaching there in 1982 .
It had , only a few years before , been an institute of technology , and it still focused its resources on its engineering students , mostly Italian , Irish , and Polish Americans from the area ’s parochial schools .
( At the time , it was rumored that the university ’s president would play golf with the local archbishop whenever he wanted to increase enrollment . )
Teaching English at Drexel in the 1980s was a far cry from teaching it as a graduate student at Columbia .
But still there were some strict requirements built into the curriculum — the sort of thing , ironically enough , that had begun to go by the wayside at more elite institutions .
One of these was that we teach a Shakespeare play in our freshman writing course each year .
Initially , I chose one of the “ big ” plays : Hamlet , Othello , Macbeth , or King Lear .
But I soon realized that students had been exposed to these blockbusters , if only in cursory fashion , in high school , and thus brought preconceptions to their reading that were hard to shake .
As a result , I started to choose plays that would be new to them : Henry IV , Part I and The Winter ’s Tale were especially successful , for reasons that would require another essay to explore .
But The Merchant of Venice yielded the most interesting results .
Teaching the play during these early years was daunting .
I was faced with students who had had years of Catholic school training , for whom Shylock was a familiar stereotype .
It did not help that I was almost invariably the only Jewish person in the classroom and , as an inexperienced teacher , uncomfortable with how much or how little I should expose about myself and my background .
But for all its challenges , teaching the play was exciting .
My students were responding to it in the way that Shakespeare ’s audience probably did : Shylock was the villain ; Portia and Bassanio the romantic leads ; Antonio ( the merchant of the title ) the noble , long - suffering friend .
My students were quick to support the plea by Portia urging Shylock to embrace mercy over justice and give up his legal right to a pound of Antonio ’s flesh .
It made complete sense to them : Shylock ’s malevolence was un-Christian ; his stubborn refusal to be moved by Portia ’s speech proof that he was incorrigible .
In an effort to soften their feelings toward Shylock , I pointed them to the famous lines in Act III : “ Hath not a Jew eyes ?
Hath not a Jew hands , organs , dimensions , senses , affections , passions ? ”
They acknowledged the point : Shylock was , admittedly , a human being .
And they were susceptible to the argument that followed :
. . . if you wrong us [ Jews ] , shall we not revenge ?
If we are like you in the rest , we will resemble you in that .
If a Jew wrong a Christian , what is his humility ?
Revenge .
If a Christian wrong a Jew , what should his sufferance be by Christian example ?
Why , revenge .
The villainy you teach me , I will execute ; and it shall go hard but I will better the instruction .
But this passage , which helped them to a better understanding of Shylock ’s behavior , made me uneasy .
It suggested that Jews need to take their cue from “ Christian example . ”
My students found that this conformed to the maxim of their religious education : “ Whatsoever a man soweth , that shall he also reap ” ( a principle , some of them explained , that Paul preaches in Galatians ) , while for me it was an argument that obliquely diminished the autonomous humanity of the Jewish character and thus fed latent anti-Semitism .
In short , for my students at the time , Shylock was unsavory , brutal , and ultimately inhumane .
They could comprehend him up to a point , but they continued to insist that he was the villain , and that to say otherwise would be to twist Shakespeare ’s intention .
I knew they were not entirely wrong — but also that their response was , in part , a cover for prejudice .
I came away from teaching the play with a sense of incompleteness and unease .
In the best instances , my students seemed to feel the same way , which meant that they were potentially open to seeing the world differently , if not then , at some point in the future .
That future came about 15 years later .
The change was partially the result of changing demographics in my classroom .
Drexel had hired a visionary new president , and the school had expanded its mission , recruiting “ better ” students — meaning students with higher SAT scores , which translated into students from more affluent socioeconomic backgrounds .
As a corollary to this , the university extended its reach .
We now began to enroll students from all over the country and even the world , and the result was more diversity : Indians , Chinese , and Russians , as well as people from other ethnicities , including a good share of African Americans and Jews .
The university looked different , and the viewpoints in the classroom reflected this .
But if Drexel had changed , so had the society around it .
The students who had attended parochial schools were now versed in multiculturalism .
They ’d celebrated Martin Luther King Day , gone to the Holocaust Museum in Washington , and considered the plight of Native Americans on Columbus Day .
The trials and tribulations of otherness had filtered down to them through movies , television , and music .
They ’d also become sensitized to otherness in themselves , whether in the form of a learning disability , a drug problem , or some more ineffable issue that made them feel different .
In this new , more diverse and introspective atmosphere , the discussion of The Merchant of Venice began to take an entirely different turn .
Before , I had had to force myself to teach the play , knowing that it would involve struggling with my students ’ prejudices .
Now , my students began to make my job easy , saving me from apologizing for Shylock by immediately siding with him .
They seemed to understand how Shylock felt .
The passage that had been so central to my teaching of the play before —
“ Hath not a Jew eyes ? ” — hardly needed to be discussed .
It seemed a truism .
These students were now put off rather than convinced by Portia ’s speech calling for mercy .
There was invariably a hoot of disbelief when she ended her plea with the conclusion : “ Therefore , Jew , / Though justice be thy plea , consider this , / That , in the course of justice , none of us / Should see salvation . ”
They were outraged by the lack of respect expressed in her generic reference to “ Jew ” and her assumption that Shylock shared her belief system , her idea of “ salvation . ”
The lines that particularly inspired my students ’ sympathy for Shylock now were those in Act I , when he is asked to lend money to the merchant Antonio .
This is where he spells out his resentment for the treatment he has suffered in the past :
Signior Antonio , many a time and oft
In the Rialto you have rated me
About my moneys and my usances .
Still have I borne it with a patient shrug ;
For sufferance is the badge of all our tribe .
You call me misbeliever , cut - throat dog ,
And spit upon my Jewish garberdine ,
And all for use of that which is mine own .
Well then , it now appears you need my help :
Go to , then , you come to me , and you say
“ Shylock , we would have moneys . ”
You say so ,
You , that did void your rheum upon my beard ,
And foot me as you spurn a stranger cur
Over your threshold .
Moneys is your suit .
What should I say to you ?
Should I not say
“ Hath a dog money ?
Is it possible
A cur can lend three thousand ducats ” ?
or
Shall I bend low , and in a bondman ’s key ,
With bated breath and whispering humbleness ,
Say this :
“ Fair sir , you spit on me on Wednesday last ;
You spurned me such a day ; another time
You called me dog ; and for these courtesies
I ’ll lend you thus much moneys ” ?
It is difficult for me to relay the sort of response this speech now evoked from my students .
They heard Shylock ’s voice in these lines — and it was their own .
I was shocked to see the number of students who claimed to have been treated like a “ stranger cur ” — - a dog .
The well of resentment here , often going back to grade - school bullying , was deep and abiding for these 18 - and 19 - year - olds .
I was initially mystified by their reaction .
Why , as schools had become more adept at teaching cultural sensitivity , did students still manage not only to suffer ostracism but also to feel its effects so palpably ?
This might lead to the conclusion that teaching sensitivity is not useful , that it may , indeed , be harmful .
My eventual view , however , was different .
I concluded that in the past the pain of ostracism and alienation went unacknowledged ; people pretended they did n’t feel hurt because they did n’t want to show weakness .
Now , they had gained a voice and a vocabulary with which to express their feelings .
What was clear was that these students felt sympathy for Shylock — and more than that , they identified with him to the point that they supported his case .
And here is where things began to get complicated .
Because now the most powerful speech in the play , according to my students , was Shylock ’s in Act IV , scene I , that deals first with the hypocrisy of his antagonists and then with the justice of his claim :
What judgement shall I dread , doing no wrong ?
You have among you many a purchased slave ,
Which , like your asses and your dogs and mules
You use in abject and in slavish parts ,
Because you bought them .
Shall I say to you ,
Let them be free , marry them to your heirs ?
Why sweat they under burthens ?
Let their beds
Be made as soft as yours , and let their palates
Be seasoned with such viands ?
You will answer
“ The slaves are ours ” : so do I answer you :
The pound of flesh , which I demand of him ,
Is dearly bought .
’ Tis mine and I will have it .
If you deny me , fie upon your law !
The realization by my students that this was a slave - owning society opened the play to another level of dismay .
They now began to look upon the so - called heroes — Bassanio , Portia , and Antonio — as world - class hypocrites .
How dare these characters accuse Shylock of inhumanity when they owned slaves ?
Even as they expressed outrage at this , they also embraced the other aspect of Shylock ’s argument here : his right to his pound of flesh .
In short , they argued for his right to kill Antonio as a matter of simple justice .
It became clear to me that my current students were hardening into positions in reverse of what my former students had felt , and that , in some ways , their views were equally limited — and maybe even scarier .
For all their sensitivity , these students missed what the earlier students , despite their ingrained prejudices , had grasped : that justice according to the law is a human construction and thus subject to human manipulation .
One need not be Christian or even a believer to see this .
The play demonstrates that justice is manipulable when Portia uses the very law that Shylock has invoked on his own behalf to strip him of his wealth and his religion .
Trusting to legal justice , the play teaches , can only take one so far , and may very well result in flagrant injustice .
Moreover , the tendency of my current students to reverse the judgment of earlier readers and viewers of the play struck me as disturbing .
Now , Shylock became the heroic central figure , and the other characters became villains : Bassanio weak and opportunistic ; Antonio passive and creepy ; Portia mean .
The initial notion that my job had become easy , since I no longer had to defend Shylock , began to change as I realized that the all - encompassing , reflexive sympathy my students felt for him was perhaps even more insidiously wrong than the earlier prejudice toward him .
In an odd reversal , I , the Jewish teacher , now be­came the only person in the classroom to argue that Shylock was still a villain , despite the abuse he had suffered , and that his stubborn call for a pound of flesh was the emblem of his villainy .
Teaching the play in recent years , I also began concentrating discussion on Portia and Antonio .
Was Portia ’s subjection to her dead father ’s will and her need to dress as a man in order to argue the case connected to her “ meanness ” — her stripping Shylock of his money and forcing him to convert ?
As for Antonio , what was to be construed from his confused feelings at the beginning of the play ?
In sooth , I know not why I am so sad :
It wearies me ; you say it wearies you ;
But how I caught it , found it , or came by it ,
What stuff ’tis made of , whereof it is born ,
I am to learn ;
And such a want - wit sadness makes of me ,
That I have much ado to know myself .
My students generally deduced that Antonio was “ in love ” with Bassanio .
But what to make of the fact that he was no more able to acknowledge his homosexuality as a character than Shakespeare could spell out his problem in writing the play ?
What kind of alienation and loneliness , what kind of morbid depression , might ensue from this sort of profound silencing ?
Like my earlier students , who drew a line regarding their sympathy for Shylock , my students now did the same with regard to these characters .
They could see my argument only up to a point .
They refused to equate the difficulties facing people of wealth and position with the hardships facing a social pariah like Shylock .
But was n’t the silencing of Portia and Antonio as likely to result in their “ acting out ” and behaving cruelly to people who existed more explicitly on the margins than themselves ?
( These characters resembled , it occurred to me , my students from years before , who had shown no sympathy for Shylock in part because they were not prepared — or allowed — to acknowledge their own weakness or alienation . )
As I saw it , Portia had diagnosed her own condition in Act I : “ It is a good divine that follows his own instructions : I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done , than to be one of the twenty to follow mine own teaching . ”
But my students found this statement lame and disingenuous .
They could n’t excuse her intolerance , and believed they would never be so blind — even as their intolerance toward her belied this .
Nonetheless , the question of how those who have been abused can become abusers themselves sparked animated discussion .
Students were able to discern the repetition of destructive behavior in families , and some students also proceeded to draw parallels between Shylock and the government of Israel — the children of persecution becoming persecutors in their own right .
The latter comparison — that struck me as both upsetting and insightful — never occurred to my students 25 years ago , both because their view of Shylock was too uninflected to permit it and because the political situation in the Middle East had not developed ( or been explored ) to a point where that reading was possible .
In the end , I found myself urging students to consider the play ’s concluding structure .
Bassanio and Portia are united happily ; Shylock has been purged ; Antonio , spared death , remains on the margins .
Are we to ig­nore this ending and replace it with our own psychologically enlightened viewpoint ?
Is it valid to read beyond the text and project , for example , an unhappy marriage for Bassanio and Portia , a suicide for Antonio , and a new plot for revenge from the even more wronged Shylock — a terrorist in the making , if there ever was one ?
Some students were adamant in saying that such speculation is encouraged in the text .
Others , that the ending simply reflects Shakespeare ’s need to pander to his audience and their prejudices .
My own position is that , if we want a happy ending , at some point we must draw a line and close our eyes to the injustices that it entails .
We must accept accommodation to oppression and , in some cases , to evil itself .
A happy ending is only an approximate good , pointing beyond itself to a time when happy endings will be happy for all the deserving , and evil will be fully recognized and purged .
My students in the old days would have called this The Last Judgment .
My students today are likely to call it wishful thinking .
Now , in my experience , photographers can be a vocal lot .
And a lot of them were n't crazy about the idea of Photoshop jobs winning the contest .
I have to admit that when I saw the winners revealed in a previous issue , I was a bit taken aback , too .
I mean , composition and timing are two key elements of a photographer 's skill , right ?
If you do n't have to worry about composition and timing , because you can always combine several photos or move things around later in Photoshop , then , well -- what is a photograph ?
The thing is , though , this is n't necessarily an open - and - shut case .
Ms. Leuchter 's editorial points out that photography has never been strictly a " capture reality " art form .
It 's never been limited to reproducing what the eye sees .
From the very beginning , photographers have set up their shots , posed people and adjusted brightness and contrast in the development process .
So although you may think that some line has been crossed , it might not be so easy to specify exactly where that line sits .
Here 's a list of things people do to and for photographs , ranging from the innocent and traditional to the dangerously artificial .
If you were running a photography contest , at what point would you draw the line and say " That 's not photography anymore ? "
HELSINKI ( Reuters ) - Sweden took the number one spot from the United States to top the annual rankings on the usage of telecommunications technologies such as networks , cellphones and computers , a report released on Thursday shows .
1 : Sweden takes the number one spot from the United States to top the annual list of most " innovative - driven economies " according to the London Business School .
Countries are ranked by by dozens of indicators , including technological skills and usage of communications technology .
REUTERS / SCANPIX / Adam Ihse
The Connectivity Scorecard , created by London Business School professor Leonard Waverman in 2008 , measured 50 countries on dozens of indicators , including technological skills and usage of communications technology .
“ Sweden not only has the best current mix of attributes , but it also shows few signs of losing its lead , ” said Waverman .
“ By contrast , there is the beginning of a gap in what was once the essence of U.S. leadership in most industrial and service sectors - education and skills . ”
Sweden was second in the last survey behind the United States .
Norway placed third , up from fifth spot last year .
Researchers say the new indicator -- commissioned by telecom gear maker Nokia Siemens Networks -- is already used by several countries in developing innovation strategies .
“ Economic recovery and government stimulus packages aimed at boosting broadband deployment and ICT development should provide room for optimism in the coming years , ” Waverman said .
Countries in eastern and southern Europe -- including Italy , Spain , Greece and Poland -- took the last spots on the list of 25 developed countries .
Malaysia , helped by good co-operation between the public and private sectors , continued to top the list for developing countries , while South Africa rose to second spot , helped by strong corporate spending on IT hardware , software and services .
Following are the ratings for top 10 “ innovation driven economies ” measured in the study , scale 1 - 10 , with last year ranking in the brackets :
1 Sweden 7.95
Slideshow ( 9 images )
2 United States 7.77
3 Norway 7.74
4 Denmark 7.54
5 Netherlands 7.52
6 Finland 7.26
7 Australia 7.04
8 United Kingdom 7.03
9 Canada 7.02
10 Japan 6.73
Following are indexes for top 10 “ efficiency and resource driven economies , ” scale 1 - 10 , but not comparable with indexes for innovation - driven economies , with last year ranking in the brackets :
1 Malaysia 7.14
2 South Africa 6.18
3 Chile 6.06
4 Argentina 5.90
5 Russia 5.82
6 Brazil 5.32
7 Turkey 5.09
8 Mexico 5.00
9 Colombia 4.76
10 Ukraine 4.67
This research is tentative and needs to be confirmed , but it fits into a fascinating framework of the role of personality types in politics , explored in a recent book , “ Authoritarianism and Polarization in American Politics , ” by two political scientists , Marc J. Hetherington of Vanderbilt University and Jonathan D. Weiler of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
They start by exploring data showing a remarkably strong correlation between state attitudes toward spanking children and voting patterns .
Essentially , spanking states go Republican , while those with more timeouts go Democratic .
Professors Hetherington and Weiler contend that the differences stem from profound differences in cognitive styles .
Spankers tend to see the world in stark , black - and - white terms , perceive the social order as vulnerable or under attack , tend to make strong distinctions between “ us ” and “ them , ” and emphasize order and muscular responses to threats .
Parents favoring timeouts feel more comfortable with ambiguities , sense less threat , embrace minority groups  and are less prone to disgust when they see a man eating worms .
We should n’t take this too far .
It ’s not as if people in rural America , who overwhelmingly favor gun rights , invariably have a greater startle reflex than city dwellers .
And the electorate undergoes big political shifts over time , even if human reflexes do n’t .
Professor Hetherington says that electoral shifts sometimes reflect shocks , like 9/11 , that leave middle - of - the - roaders feeling vulnerable and more authoritarian in their worldview .
I moaned to the scholars that their research was utterly dispiriting for those of us in the opinion business .
After all , it ’s extra challenging to try to change people ’s minds if they may not even share our hard - wiring .
Are people who are “ wrong ” on the issues beyond redemption , because of their physiological inability to help themselves ?
Professors Hetherington and Smith dismissed my whining and were more sanguine .
For starters , they note that physiological differences are probably found among the extremes on each side , while political battles are fought in the middle .
Indeed , these studies may be useful in determining what arguments to deploy against the other side .
“ What research like ours may help with is in figuring out how to construct an argument in a way that is going to meaningfully connect with those on the other side , ” Dr. Smith said .
Republicans ' calls to start from scratch on health reform legislation " is like Dr. Kevorkian giving you healthcare advice , " Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) Chairman Tim Kaine said Tuesday .
In giving his take on GOP healthcare ideas , Kaine evoked the controversial Dr. Jack Kevorkian , an assisted suicide advocate who spent eight years in prison on a second - degree murder charge .
ADVERTISEMENT
Kevorkian has claimed to have helped as many as 130 people commit physician - assisted suicide .
" When I hear the start from scratch it does n't sound like earnest advice , " Kaine said on MSNBC .
" It 's more like , you know , Dr. Kevorkian giving you healthcare advice "
Kaine 's remarks come just two days before Republicans and Democrats will meet during a bipartisan healthare summit at the White House .
The GOP has demanded that Democrats start over on healthcare reform .
Democrats say that existing legislation passed by the House and the Senate provide a good framework for reform and the White House on Monday released its own healthcare proposal .
The White House has called on Republicans to produce their own joint healthcare plan ahead of the proposal and have said that their plans contain Republican ideas .
But House Republicans have responded that they have already drafted their own proposal .
Still , Kaine said GOPers just want to scrap the whole venture .
" They do n't start from scratch , they want to vote no , " he said .
" Start from scratch is n't an idea .
Start from scratch is n't a solution . "
VIDEO
Mammoth Project to Digitize the Tree of Life Could Uncover Thousands of New Species
Microsoft's Photosynth software will help scan and catalog 3 - D models of specimens for analysis over the Web , anywhere
The Roots of Suffering in Biology and Human Nature
What could be more natural than to desire pleasure and avoid pain in our life ?
We all desire what is pleasurable , and we all seek to avoid what is not .
That ’s just human nature , right ?
Well , it ’s more than just human nature ; it ’s our biological nature .
Even the simplest organisms seek what supports their well - being , whether it is food , shelter , or a certain kind of environment .
And all organisms avoid what is painful or stressful .
Seeking pleasure , in the broad sense of that word , and avoiding pain or what is harmful , is the very mechanism that helps ensure an organism ’s survival .
Freud ’s Insight into the Pleasure Principle
Freud , of course , built his whole psychology on this idea that at our most basic , gut , instinctual level ( he called this the id ) we seek to satisfy our biological and psychological needs .
He called this psychoanalytic concept the pleasure principle .
Of course , as this primal urge runs into reality , so to speak , there is inevitable suffering .
Desires and needs are thwarted or deferred .
A person learns that one ca n’t always get what one want when one wants it .
Not only that , pain often ca n’t be avoided .
Freud called a person ’s realization of the “ reality ” of human life the reality principle .
In Freud ’s own words : “ an ego thus educated has become reasonable ; it no longer lets itself be governed by the pleasure principle , but obeys the reality principle , which also at bottom seeks to obtain pleasure , but pleasure which is assured through taking account of reality , even though it is pleasure postponed and diminished . ”
The Buddha Looks Even Deeper into the Causes of Suffering
Given these biological and psychological realities , certainly the Buddha ’s First Noble Truth — ” there is suffering ” makes a lot of sense .
But the First Noble Truth is n’t some trivial recognition that there is suffering in the world .
It did n’t take a Buddha to figure that one out !
What the Buddha explains in the First Noble Truth is despite appearances of relative happiness , or relative unhappiness , in fact , nothing that is created or conditioned can be experienced without stress or suffering .
This diagnosis of the experience of suffering entails the understanding of what he saw as the Three Characteristics or Marks of all conditioned or fabricated things :
1 ) All conditioned , fabricated things are anicca — impermanent , inconstant , changeable , ephemeral , undependable — nothing we can depend upon for permanent happiness .
2 ) because all fabricated things are anicca , they are also automatically “ marked ” by dukkha .
Dukkha means that nothing fabricated or conditioned can be experienced without some element of stress , unsatisfactoriness , or “ dis-ease ” because everything is ultimately undependable , transitory , and passes away .
3 ) Finally , all conditioned things are anatta — they are void of any intrinsic , eternal self - existence .
All “ selves ” pass away .
Further , we cannot say anything is intrinsically “ me ” or “ mine ” because all things arise in dependence on everything else and the very elements of a “ self ” are changeable and transitory .
Any sense of a permanent “ self ” is a deluded fabrication of things that are themselves inconstant and undependable .
To sum it up in the Buddha ’s words :
‘ All conditioned things are inconstant ’ —
When one sees this with discernment
And grows disenchanted with stress ,
This is the path to purity .
‘ All conditioned things are stressful ’ —
When one sees with discernment
And grows disenchanted with stress ,
This is the path to purity .
‘ All dhammas [ phenomena ] are not - self ’ —
When one sees with discernment
And grows disenchanted with stress ,
This is the path to purity .
— Dhp 277-79
Does the Second Noble Truth mean we have to abandon our humanity ?
If seeking pleasure and avoiding pain is built into the very nature of us as living , sentient beings , what in the world are we supposed to do with the Buddha ’s Second Noble Truth — the insight that desire or craving is the very cause of all suffering ?
If it is our human nature to desire pleasure and avoid pain , and if the very nature of all the things that we desire are anicca , dukkha , and anatta , are n’t we kind of stuck between a rock and a hard place ?
It sounds like an impossible dilemma !
Of course , the Third and Fourth Noble Truth promise that there is indeed an end to suffering and a Path that leads to that end .
Still , on the face of it , and without looking deeper into the Buddha ’s teaching and practice , any path that seems to require giving up all desire sounds pretty life - denying , even inhuman .
It might seem that the only way out of suffering would be to dehumanize ourselves — to become non-feeling , barely sentient beings who are untouched and unmoved by all the motivations , thoughts , feelings , and aspirations that make human ’s happy — or sad .
Is the goal of Buddhism to become unfeeling dharma robots ?
How Buddhism can deepen our humanity without losing its spiritual radicalism
Let ’s be clear .
Ultimately , the “ goal ” of Buddhism is nothing less than complete and total liberation — awakening to the Deathless , the Unconditioned , the “ gone beyond - ness ” of all fabrications and of all becoming .
In Buddhism , final release from suffering is not annihilation nor is it absorption or disappearance into deity or the ground of being .
Nirvana is not being , or non-being , self , or non-self .
No categories apply .
This Third Noble Truth , the absolute end of suffering , utterly separates Buddhism from all “ human potential ” and “ new age ” self - development spiritual theories and practices .
The “ goal ” of Buddhism is not to become a “ good person , ” though you certainly will become one if you practice the Noble Eightfold Path .
The goal is not to gain spiritual and psychic powers , though these may arise along the path .
Nor is the goal to become a more psychologically balanced individual , though that should indeed be an effect of Buddhist practice .
Nor is the goal to become perpetually “ blissed out ” and disconnected from everyday life because our minds are in some alternate state of consciousness , where we walk around as in a dream .
Buddhism is n’t really about “ goals ” at all .
What Buddhism helps us become is awake .
It helps us become present , but not just present , but present with discernment and wisdom and loving - kindness .
The path of Buddhism is not some all - out assault on human desires .
It does not teach a simplistic “ Desires — bad !
No desires - good ! ”
Rather , it says that the desire for pleasure and its counterpart , aversion to what is not pleasurable , need to be examined .
Our inability to find lasting and permanent happiness in the things we desire surely points to some intrinsic problem in how and where we are looking for happiness .
Instead of blaming our inability to find permanent , dependable happiness on “ original sin ” or some god , or the devil , or social conditioning , or how we were raised , or even biology and genetics , the Buddha asks us to assume self - responsibility for our experience .
Instead of looking “ out there ” for happiness , we look within .
The Buddha asks us to look into the nature of our desires — how they operate and what their effects are and then to bring skillful means to bear upon our desires .
Rather than offering a metaphysical or mere theoretical explanation of how desire creates suffering , the Buddha offers a practice .
We have to know for ourselves how our craving , attachment , and aversion operate in our own minds .
In meditation , in self - observation , using the Buddha ’s insights , we learn how to watch our own mind and its fabrications .
We learn what feelings and actions lead to happiness , and what do n’t .
That ’s the real meaning of kamma , or karma — learning to discern how cause and effect works in our thoughts and actions .
As we discern their transitory , impermanent nature , we learn to dis-identify with thoughts , feelings , and impulses that before we thought of as absolutely solid and real or “ me ” or “ mine ”
For example , when a strong desire or powerful emotion arises during meditation , we may initially feel total identification with it .
It ’s “ I want , I need , I feel , I am .. angry , hurt , lonely , vengeful … whatever . ”
That ’s OK .
Just watch .
Be curious about what you are feeling .
Look into it without getting lost in it .
See what happens as you just hold some strong feeling or desire or urge as lightly as you can , neither identifying with it or rejecting it .
Just hold whatever you feel or sense with great compassion and as much tenderness as you can , just like you would a crying baby .
What happens ?
What do you see ?
What lasts ?
What does n’t ?
What ’s dependable ?
What ’s not ?
Can you be absolutely honest with yourself about what ’s there to be seen right in your own thinking ?
Be patient — gaining insight into our desires is a great work !
Obviously , this is very hard work and requires courage and determination , qualities the Buddha said we would have to cultivate if we are going to gain freedom .
If we are totally identified with something , we ca n’t be objective about it and its effects .
We are lost in samsara , the stream of “ conscious unconsciousness , ” of mindlessness .
And so , being unaware of things as they really are , we suffer .
With the arising of mindfulness , insight , and loving - kindness , we begin to have a new relationship to our human desires .
Rather than being blown around like a leaf by our passions and desires , we begin to gain mastery over them so that they serve us .
( Think of the wild ox who is tamed in the Zen parable of the ox herder . )
With meditative practice , and cultivation of mindfulness throughout our day , we begin to see our desires more clearly and see more clearly what motivates us .
We begin to discern that our desire for something or someone may in fact be an unhealthy expression of a deep fear , inner emptiness and longing , insecurity , grief , or anger .
At the same time , we begin to see happiness more and more in terms of healthy qualities such as mindfulness , alertness , integrity , honesty , truthfulness , concentration , and discernment .
Freedom from desires ?— it ’s not what you think !
Until we have begun to gain some control over the “ wild ox ” we call desire , we ca n’t really understand what freedom from all desires might really mean .
At this point in our practice , it can only sound impossible or as some sort of murder or suicide of our most basic humanity .
Who wants to become an emotionally - dead spiritual robot ?
Of course , this fear is nothing more than the fabricated human personality ’s defense against what it perceives , and rightly so , as its own demise .
But long before there ’s any final release from all human limitations and desires , the human being must be transformed .
Our humanity must deepen , not disappear .
The human personality must be befriended , not despised and rejected .
Before there could be freedom from desires , there has to be mastery over desires .
What I ’ve found in my practice , as have countless beings before me , is that the Buddha ’s path awakens my humanity .
Freed in a degree from mental afflictions , from fearful and selfish craving , and from ignorance about how things actually work in the world , I have more appreciation of whatever is beautiful good , and true , not less .
Insight and loving - kindness practice have opened up my heart and made me more compassionate and loving , not less so .
Beyond all desires — an answer of the heart
Understanding better the transitory and fabricated nature of things , even things I deeply love , brings a deep poignancy to life .
It breaks open my heart and arouses the deepest sort of compassion and love for myself and for others .
As much as I love this beautiful planet , its creatures , my fellow human beings , my wife , my friends , and all the genuine joys of human life , I know that no amount of clinging to them can make them permanent .
I still rebel against this impermanence and loss with all my heart , and of course , I suffer .
I have not found that intellectual acceptance or understanding of the transitory nature of all things has lessened my suffering one iota .
The only cessation of suffering that I have found in this path , or in any path , has been through deep insight into the nature of things that is also a deep , compassionate love .
Something in me intuits that the end of suffering is not the end of love , but just of our human , limited sense of love .
Maybe even this deep intuition will finally prove to be a fabrication and thus finally yield to something beyond my human comprehension .
I do n’t know .
But when I feel this love - beyond - all - love most clearly , I have some sense that nothing will be lost , that nothing ends , because nothing begins .
I sense that impermanence itself is impermanent , that unsatisfactoriness is not satisfactory , that not - self is not self , and that illusion itself is illusory .
Words fail , but there are signs along the way of this path of awakening that all will be well , and that nothing is as it seems to be , nor is it otherwise .
Come and see for yourself .
Investigate .
Look within .
Look deeply .
Find the wide - open awareness that is free of the limitations of space , time , thought .
Find the love that clings to nothing but holds everything in its embrace .
That way lies undying happiness .
37.871593 -122.272747
People walk on the street with a huge globe in the background in Copenhagen December 6 , 2009 .
Copenhagen is the host city for the United Nations Climate Change Conference 2009 , which lasts from December 7 until December 18 .
REUTERS / Pawel Kopczynski
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Global average land temperatures have been rising since 1850 and the warming has speeded up since 1970 , UK Meteorological Office data released on Tuesday shows .
The data comes from over 1,500 weather stations around the world used for climate monitoring .
It shows rapid global warming since the 1970s , with each decade getting progressively warmer .
The Met Office Hadley Center has published the data to boost transparency and underpin evidence that the world is warming .
Climate change skeptics have seized on a series of leaked emails from the University of East Anglia , accusing climate experts of colluding to suppress others ’ data and enhance their own .
“ The University of East Anglia fully supports the Met Office in making this data publicly available , ” the Met Office said in a statement .
The Met Office intends to publish the remaining records from around 5,000 stations when it has approval from data owners to put together the temperature record .
Negotiations between 190 countries on a new deal to fight climate change beyond 2012 began in Copenhagen on Monday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A man in Argentina has been filmed pushing a stalled van off railroad tracks seconds before it would have been hit by a train .
The unidentified man was recorded by government security cameras in Tigre , Argentina .
From The PBS Newshour Jan. 1 , 2009 .
Why does it look like India is doing a better job of taking care of their poor with making sure they have eye care than we are in the United States ?
This reminds me of the free health clinics that used to be reserved for third world countries going on across the country here .
How pathetic is it that the richest country in the world is not doing a better job of tending for those who are the most in need instead of those profiting off of the sick ?
I can only imagine what the Republicans would be calling a similar system that grew as large as this one in the U.S.
Maybe a socialist plot to make sure old people do n't go blind ?
Who knows .
I 'm sure of one thing .
If an outfit got this big and was cutting into industry profits , they'd be finding a way to demonize them .
And they ’d be aided and abetted by their Conserva - Dem cohorts who are just as bad .
Founded in 1976 , Aravind has treated some 27 million patients and operated on 3.4 million , mostly to reverse blindness caused by cataracts .
The primary surgery now costs just a few dollars more than a meal at McDonald's .
Friday on the NewsHour , a second look at a Fred de Sam Lazaro report from India on the Aravind system of eye hospitals and clinics , the largest such system in the world .
These clinics subsidize sight - restoring surgery for impoverished patients and provide top - of - the - line care for patients who can pay .
Transcript via PBS .
He retired from a government hospital in 1976 and set out to tackle what he called disabling cataract blindness .
Many people lose their sight and livelihood by their early 50s .
Aravind 's business success and social mission have long made it a model in public health textbooks .
Twenty years ago , this much younger reporter came to the ancient temple city of Madurai , where Aravind was founded by Dr. Govindappa Venkataswamy .
Everyone called him Dr. V .
The big difference with Aravind is that its patients are among the world 's poorest people , who rarely get treated for eye diseases .
Globally , 45 million people have preventable or reversible blindness .
Twelve million are in India alone , where the extreme sun and genetics are blamed .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Aravind is the largest eye care center in the world .
The surgical facilities are as modern , the error rate as low as any place in America .
DR . GOVINDAPPA VENKATASWAMY : Nothing which disables a man like cataract and poor eyesight .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Aravind itself was a very small operation when Dr. V. started it , with 11 bed and four doctors , three from his own family .
The idea was simple .
They would serve patients who could pay .
The profits would afford free care to the many more people who could n't afford even the bus fare .
So , Aravind set out to find patients , mainly through screening camps in surrounding rural areas .
Groups like the Lions Club provided buses to bring those needing surgery to the hospital , where they entered a brisk assembly line operating room .
Dr. V.'s business role model was McDonald 's , or American chain stores in general .
DR . GOVINDAPPA VENKATASWAMY : In America , you have models , whether it Sears tools or McDonald 's hamburger or -- you are able to open a chain of shops or restaurants or hotels .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN , Aravind :
You spoke to him here .
You were sitting here , and he was sitting there and talking about McDonald's .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Dr. V. died in 2005 , but his office is left untouched as a shrine to him .
His nephew , ophthalmologist Aravind Srinivasan , manages a system that 's grown to five regional hospitals and 25 satellite clinics .
This was the first one .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN : This is a 32 - year - old hospital .
Today , we are about 1,500 to 2,000 patients a day .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Each pays about $ 1 for a doctor 's appointment .
That helps fund even more patients , who go next door to a free eye hospital .
There 's not much profit margin , so a heavy volume of paying patients , satisfied patients , and efficiency are critical .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN : We call this a clinic scoring sheet .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Dr. Aravind , who also has an MBA from the University of Michigan , has continuous productivity reports at his fingertips .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN : And this statistics talk about service time .
How many -- what percentage of people were seen within two hours ?
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Patients are promised a completed appointment in two hours and a brochure detailing what they can expect .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN : So , registration takes about five minutes .
Vision test takes about 10 minutes , refraction check about 10 minutes .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : So , this is sort of like a patients ' bill of rights almost ?
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN : Exactly , so they understand what 's happening .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Aravind 's reputation is drawing patients from farther and farther away .
MAN : Whenever you say eye operations , everyone says , go to Madurai .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO :
It 's the only reason 55 - year - old K.G. Angenealou was coaxed out of a three - year depression that began when cataracts started clouding his vision .
He became completely blind three months ago .
Angenealou and his wife , Shoba , endured a two - day train journey get here .
MAN ( through translator ) : I was a sportsman .
I used to swim .
After the cataract , I could no longer move around .
I got stuck at home , and I started eating .
Then a leg injury made me even more immobile .
I had problems being overweight .
And I developed high blood pressure .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO :
By 9:00 the morning after arriving here , he was being prepared to surgery .
Already , dozens of patients had gone ahead of him .
So , you have been going for two hours , and you have done 16 ...
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN : Patients , yes ?
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Dr. Aravind and surgeons in several operating theaters were first working the routine , mostly cataract cases .
The more complex ones , like glaucoma and corneal surgery , would come later .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN : It 's an entire teamwork , as you have seen in the front .
I 'm seeing the patient for the first time in the O.R .
So , somebody has done a thorough workup of the patient .
And any challenging cases , they show to me earlier .
So , we are able to identify our -- those cases which need a little more extra attention is segregated from the whole .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : Angenealou was one such case , his hypertension and obesity posing extra risks .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN :
You just have a margin of safety of about five to 10 minutes to get the surgery done .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO : About 10 nervous minutes later , Dr. Aravind had removed a particularly tough , leathery cataract .
DR . ARAVIND SRINIVASAN :
The cataract was a little obstinate , but , otherwise , things went on well .
So , when you see him tomorrow , you will see a different man , more confident .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO :
By the end of this day , Dr. Aravind and his colleagues did about 300 surgeries , about half of them free of charge .
Increasingly , however , patients are seen outside the hospital .
Telemedicine connects doctors to satellite clinics .
And today 's eye - cams offer much more on - site , from grinding eyeglass lenses to digital scans .
Near this camp , a satellite truck beamed high - resolution images to doctors at the hospital .
It 's especially useful in diagnosing India 's growing problem of diabetes - related eye disease .
Technology has improved care and it's also brought down costs , notably for the intraocular lenses which are implanted during cataract surgery .
They used to be imported .
Aravind began making its own intraocular lenses back in the early 1990s .
They used to cost between $ 50 and $ 100 each .
Today , they are made in this factory for as little as $ 2 apiece .
Aravind lenses are exported to 120 countries , and they own 8 percent of the global market in intraocular lenses .
Whether it 's supplies or people , the goal is to be self - sufficient .
Aravind now have extensive training programs for recent medical graduates .
It also trains thousands of mid-level ophthalmic professionals , mostly women from surrounding rural communities .
Some 250 hospitals across India and 40 other countries have adopted Aravind 's methods .
R.D. Thulasiraj manages the teaching facilities .
R.D. THULASIRAJ : In this institute , we train organizations to become more efficient .
We -- we completely give our intellectual property ...
Now , they 're -- we open up our systems , processes , our -- how much we charge the patients and our records .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO :
It 's the ethos set by his uncle .
Dr. V. , who was single , never took a salary .
In fact , he mortgaged his home to start Aravind .
And he coaxed or inspired 34 members of his extended family to work here , starting in 1976 with his sister Natchiar and her husband .
Both left surgical careers in America to work here for about $ 20 a month .
DR . G. NATCHIAR : Today oh , my God , we are very , very happy .
In fact , at that time , in the ' 80s , we were not happy .
Even though Dr. V. was happy , in a family life , you know , like me and my husband , two children , it was not easy for us .
We could n't even buy a cycle .
At that time , we did n't appreciate his far vision .
MAN : God bless you , madam .
DR . G. NATCHIAR : God bless me .
Yes , God bless the surgeon .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO :
She says the satisfaction of seeing patients like Angenealou restored to full lives makes up for any material privation , although , over the years , salaries have greatly improved for the 220 doctors and some 2,500 other Aravind staff .
MAN : My children are starting school on the 1st , so I want to get going .
DR . G. NATCHIAR : We will give you some dark glasses , just like a Hollywood actor .
FRED DE SAM LAZARO :
He 's one of 27 million patients who have been treated at Aravind and 3.4 million who have had surgery , surgery that now costs just a few dollars more than a meal at McDonald's .
JIM LEHRER : There 's more about the Aravind clinics on our Web site , NewsHour .
PBS.org .
You can see a slide show of images , read a reporter 's notebook , and watch Fred 's exclusive online report about the partnership that helped those hospitals grow .
In December , Soichi Noguchi promised to become the first sushi chef in space .
But , though we 've been avidly following his Twitter feed and impressive Twitpics from the ISS , there 've been no sightings of the astronaut 's culinary side .
I want to preface this post by reiterating one of our general disclaimers up front , to wit : “ This blog does not represent official Library of Congress communications . ”
Because this post will edge slightly closer to “ editorializing ” than most of my previous posts .
Working in the Office of Communications as I do , I ’m aware of the lion ’s share of news coverage about and references to the Library , whether via Lexis - Nexis , Google News , or any number of other monitoring services to which we have access .
This is a rough approximation — and perhaps a bit hyperbolic — but I would guess that somewhere between a quarter and a third of the general references I see to the Library are along these lines :
“ Our servers can store the equivalent of the Library of Congress , ” or “ our network is fast enough to download the entire Library of Congress in a millisecond . ”
You get the drift .
So it begs the question , just how “ big ” is the Library of Congress , in terms of our content , but especially if one tried to equate it to the digital realm ?
I wo n’t go into any of the specific claims that are being made , but they ’re easy to find out there in the ether , and suffice it to say that the Library would stand behind very few if any of them .
There are certain things we can quantify , but far more that are purely speculative .
For instance , we can as of this moment say that the approximate amount of our collections that are digitized and freely and publicly available on the Internet is about 74 terabytes .
We can also say that we have about 15.3 million digital items online .
Some may be tempted to extrapolate that those digital items represent a precise percentage of the nearly 142 million items in the Library ’s physical collections , and then estimate some kind of digital corollary .
But comparing digital and physical items is apples and oranges , at best .
A simple example of that fallacy would be represented by a single photograph online depicting several physical objects .
Another source of digital estimates is likely based on the number of books and printed items in our collections , which is currently about 32 million .
One could attempt to establish the average length of those items ( pages , words , characters , etc. ) and extrapolate the digital equivalent of those 32 million physical items .
Assuming one could do that with any degree of accuracy — and that ’s a big assumption — it overlooks the fact that those 32 million books represent only about one - quarter of the entire physical collections .
The rest are in the form of manuscripts , prints , photographs , maps , globes , moving images , sound recordings , sheet music , oral histories , etc .
So how does that other three - quarters of the Library equate digitally ?
Can one automatically assume the digital resolution at which all maps or photographs , for instance , would be scanned ?
Those are major wildcards indeed .
And then there are our motion pictures , videos and sound recordings alone — around 6 million items stored at our new Packard Campus for Audio - Visual Conservation in Culpeper , Va .
What is their digital equivalent ?
Most people who record television programs onto a computer or DVR know that a hard drive with hundreds of megabytes or even a terabyte or more can quickly fill up .
One more thing we can quantify or at least estimate :
The folks at the Packard Campus say that when their systems are fully online , they expect to be able to digitize between 3 and 5 petabytes of content per year .
( That is to say , 3,000 to 5,000 terabytes , for those who are playing at home .
Put another way , a single petabyte stored on CD - ROMs would create a stack of discs more than a mile high . )
And even at that rate , it would still take decades to digitize the existing content .
So at this point , we ’re talking about potentially mind - boggling amounts of data — we ’re into the territory of angels and heads of pins .
And while it is a bit of a tangent , it points to the continued importance of libraries as places ( and librarians ) when too many people assume that “ everything is online . ”
While it is certainly flattering that the Library of Congress is used as a typical benchmark against which others measure their content or data capacity , we would do well to take these claims with at least a shaker of salt .
We are far “ bigger ” than many of them might think .
NEWTON , Mass . -
As Newton resident Lisa Dodson , a Boston College sociology professor in the thick of a research project , was interviewing a grocery story manager in the Midwest about the difficulties of the low - income workers he supervised , he asked her a curious question : " Do n't you want to know what this does to me too ? ''
She did .
And so the manager talked about the sense of unfairness he felt as a supervisor , making enough to live comfortably while overseeing workers who could n't feed their families on the money they earned .
That inequality , he told her , tainted his job , making him feel complicit in an unfair system that paid hard workers too little to cover basic needs .
The interview changed the way Dodson talked with other supervisors and managers of low - income workers , and she began to find that many of them felt the same discomfort as the grocery store manager .
And many went a step further , finding ways to undermine the system and slip their workers extra money , food , or time needed to care for sick children .
She was surprised how widespread these acts were .
In her new book , " The Moral Underground : How Ordinary Americans Subvert an Unfair Economy , '' she called such behavior " economic disobedience . ''
As Dodson 's questions grew more pointed , she began to hear fascinating stories .
Andrew , a manager in a large Midwest food business , said he put extra money in the paychecks of those earning a " poverty wage , '' punched out their time cards at the usual quitting time when they had to leave early for a doctor 's appointment , and gave them food .
Andrew had decided that by supervising workers who were treated unfairly - paid too little and subjected to inflexible schedules that prevented them from taking care of their families - he was playing a direct role in the unfair system , and so he was morally obligated to act .
Dodson concluded that Andrew and many like him were following the American tradition of civil disobedience - this time , against the economy - and creating a " moral underground . ''
But her book , which came out late last year , has provoked debate about the morality of such acts .
After Dodson talked about her book on a radio program , American Public Media 's " Marketplace , '' some listeners posted comments on the show 's website arguing that supervisors like Andrew are cheating their employers .
Referring to the show 's host , a listener from Leesburg , Va. , wrote , " I was surprised that throughout the entire interview , neither Tess Vigeland nor Ms. Dodson touched on what would seem to me a rather crucial point - that these ‘ Ordinary Americans ' are stealing from the companies who employ them .
" The examples Ms. Dodson gave . . . are acts of theft from the companies , yet they are described as if somehow moral and virtuous .
It 's one thing for me to see someone in need and open my wallet ; its quite another to address that need by giving something I 've stolen from my neighbor . ''
Although Dodson makes clear where she stands - the subtitle of her book includes the phrase " unfair economy ' ' - she said she believes the debate is important .
" I think that this is a really important conversation that we should have in this country , '' Dodson said .
" What is the worst wrong here ?
Is it to break a rule or to pass some food over , or is it that we have tens of millions of children and people in families that are working as hard as they can and they can't take care of their families ? ''
Not all supervisors felt troubled by the plight of those who worked under them .
Dodson interviewed supervisors who said they had no obligation beyond the bottom line of their company ; some complained bitterly about the work ethic of those who filled low - wage jobs .
Dodson has had an unusual career trajectory for an academic .
She was a union activist and an obstetrical nurse in Dorchester before she began teaching , first at Harvard and now at Boston College .
In her first book , " Do n't Call Us Out of Name : The Untold Lives of Women and Girls in Poor America , '' Dodson studied how women and their families coped in the face of welfare reform as their safety net vanished .
This time , though , she was drawn largely to the stories of those Americans who worked with the working poor , suggesting that the difficulties of that group also affect the lives of those who intersect with them .
" I feel as though there 's this tendency is this society to kind of think about low - income people as those people over there , '' she said , " as though it 's an experience that 's sort of marginal and distant from those of us who are not poor . ''
In her new book , some of the most wrenching stories are about women who cannot afford child care and leave their children unattended at home , asking older children to watch the younger ones .
They feared social service agencies would investigate them for neglect , but they felt they had no choice if they were going to keep their jobs .
" It was very common for parents to tell me that their kids spent a lot of time all by themselves at home , '' Dodson said .
" That puts the parent into just an untenable position :
You 're a bad worker or you 're a bad parent . ''
Editorial by John Ziegler Once Again , The Most Important Polls Are Ignored 2/2/2010 Back in late 2008 , as part of my research for my documentary film “ Media Malpractice , “ at great personal expense I commissioned two highly scientific polls of the electorate to determine how the dreadful media coverage of the campaign impacted what voters knew ( or thought they knew ) about the candidates .
The first , a Zogby poll of just Obama voters , created a huge , largely internet based , controversy , ending with John Zogby refusing to take my money to duplicate the poll with McCain voters added .
The second , asking essentially the same multiple choice questions of all voters with similarly astonishing results , was basically ignored by the media . .
So , when the highly respected Pew Research Center came out with their recent poll assessing the knowledge ( or lack there of ) base of the average voter I was intrigued on several levels .
First , I was struck by how incredibly similar the Pew poll ( in both methodology and results ) was to the ones I commissioned , which were viciously and wrongly attacked by the left as nothing but right - wing propaganda .
Both asked twelve , rather easy , multiple choice questions to gauge how much voters actually knew about current events .
In both sets of polls the lack of knowledge was equally stunning and in both cases the most informed voters were White , Educated , Male , Republicans and the least informed were Minority , Undereducated , Female , Democrats .
In both cases these potentially earth shattering results were treated by the news media like week - old NHL hockey scores .
( Heck , Pew ’s own laughably benign headline indicates they were afraid to publicize the results themselves ! )
Before we get into an analysis of the significance of all of this , let ’s first delve into the actual results which should stun and horrify almost everyone ( at least those not already exposed to the polls for my documentary ) .
Here are some high ( low ) lights : --
Only two percent got all twelve of the simple questions correct .
Thirteen percent failed to get even two right answers ( remember , if you simply guessed you should expect to get about three correct answers ) .
--
Given four multiple choice options , only 26 % knew it takes 60 votes to break a filibuster in the Senate .
-- Just 48 % of Republicans knew Harry Reid leads the Senate , while only 33 % of Democrats did . --
On no question did 60 % of the respondents get the right answer .
--
Republicans got an average of 5.9 correct , while Democrats scored just 4.9 .
Even often maligned Independents did better than Democrats , averaging 5.6 correct answers . --
On almost every question , men out did women , whites got more answers correct than blacks , the more educated did better than the less schooled , the richer did better than the poorer , the older outscored the younger , and Republicans did best while Democrats did worst .
--
Women did particularly poorly on the economic questions with a 21 point gender gap on an inquiry about the debt , 18 points on the Dow question , and 14 on the unemployment rate query .
It would seem to me that these results demand that we radically rework the “ conventional wisdom ” about virtually everything that the news media would have us believe about our electorate .
I find it particularly ironic that polls which ask people what they “ think ” are routinely given far more attention than polls like this one which determine what potential voters really “ know . ”
After all , in a remotely rational world , it would be rather difficult to justify caring about what people “ think ” if they do n’t actually “ know ” anything .
In short , the poltical opinions of the average American citizen have less substance than cotton candy .
But in 21st century America everyone ’s opinion is equal regardless of what it is actually founded on .
In fact , based on the media ’s matrix ( especially in Hollywood ) , often what the poor , the young , the less educated , the allegedly oppressed minority or female , and the openly liberal have to say is given greater value than the voice of the already over privileged old , rich , educated , white , male Republican .
Who cares that they may actually know what the heck they are talking about ; that simply does n’t matter any more .
Instead it is all about how you “ feel ” that we care about , not what you “ know . ”
The implications of this study obviously go far beyond exposing the inaccurate cultural perceptions created by political correctness .
Clearly , we are simply not well informed enough to maintain the democratic republic that our founders created .
In fact , it is not even close .
Politically , the evidence is overwhelming that elections are not remotely decided by issues or substance .
Hollywood has long ago discovered just how unintelligent the average American really is and has done a suburb job of exploiting that reality .
Politicians have been a little slower in coming to this realization but the remarkable success of an Obama campaign that pulled off an historic upset on little more than “ Hope ” and “ Change , ” certainly indicates that the “ ignorance awareness ” gap between D.C. and Los Angeles is quickly closing .
Taking this concept out of the theoretical and into the practical , I have written previously about how Scott Brown ’s magnificent win is being overrated as an indication of a political shift in this country .
How could his victory really be all about repudiating health care reform when only 32 % of adults in this country know that no Republicans voted for it and only 39 % know Harry Reid leads the Senate ?
This means that at least 61 % of potential voters have absolutely no clue about what is really going on regarding the most publicized public policy issue of the past year !
More and more I am convinced that all that matters in elections is how you look / sound , what your personal narrative is , whether you are part of the party the public ( often wrongly ) thinks is in power , and how the media treats you .
That is a recipe for both the destruction of the conservative movement as well as the nation itself .
Return to Editorials >>
Here 's a really stupid idea : ear candles , fabric tubes soaked in beeswax or paraffin , inserted in the ear , and set on fire .
The candles are being marketed as treatments for a variety of conditions , including ear wax buildup , sinus infections , hearing loss , headaches , colds , flu and sore throats .
Astonishingly , some companies are even claiming the devices are appropriate for use on chldren .
Some ear candles are even offered as products that purify blood , strengthen the brain or even cure cancer .
The Food and Drug Administration and its Canadian counterpart , Health Canada , are saying , Wait a minute !
The agencies are issuing import alerts about the products , warning the manufacturers , issuing injunctions and seizing shipments .
First of all , the FDA believes there is " no valid scientific evidence for any medical benefit " from their use , said Dr. Eric Mann of the agency 's Division of Ophthalmic , Neurological , and Ear , Nose and Throat Devices .
Secondly , they are very hazardous .
Among injuries that have been reported burns to the face , ear canal , eardrum and middle ear ; injury to the ear from dripping wax ; ears plugged by candle wax ; bleeding ; and puncture of the eardrum .
Fires have also been reported .
Moreover , people who use them often delay seeking treatment for their original illnesses .
The two agencies believe that injuries caused by the devices are underreported .
The devices could be particularly hazardous for children , officials said , because they are likely to squirm , which increases the likelihood of injuries from fire , dripping wax and punctures .
-- Thomas H. Maugh II
An ear candle being burned , an indication of their size , and part of a box label showing a candle in use on an adult in a sitting position .
Credit : FDA
A Visual Album by Danny Perez and Animal Collective
Screenings 2010 :
World Premiere : Sundance Film Festival , January 21 - 31 , 2010 .
March 2 , 2010
New York City NY , USA
Visual Arts Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 . 6:30 pm & 8:30 pm
SOLD OUT , SECOND NIGHT ADDED .
Will - call tickets will be available for pickup at the theater starting at 5:30 pm .
March 3 , 2010
New York City NY , USA
Visual Arts Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 . 6:30 pm , tickets available at the door starting at 5:30 pm , cash only .
8:30 pm SOLD OUT .
Will - call tickets will be available for pickup at the theater starting at 5:30 pm .
March 17 , 2010
Chicago IL , USA
Music Box Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 . 7 pm & 9 pm SOLD OUT .
Will - call tickets will be available for pickup at the theater starting at 6 pm .
March 20 , 2010
Minneapolis MN , USA
The Cedar
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 .
Get tickets : 7 pm , 9 pm .
March 22 , 2010
Los Angeles CA , USA
ArcLight Cinerama Dome
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 .
Get tickets : 9 pm SOLD OUT .
Tickets are still available for the 7 pm show , and can be purchased at the theater starting at 5:30 pm , cash only .
Will - call tickets will also be available for pickup starting at 5:30 pm .
March 25 , 2010
San Francisco CA , USA
Sundnace Kabuki Cinemas
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 . 8:30 pm SOLD OUT .
There are a few tickets available for the 6:30 pm show , they 'll be available at the door starting at 5:30 pm , cash only .
Will - call tickets will be available for pickup at the theater starting at 5:30 pm .
March 29 , 2010
Portland OR , USA
Cinema 21
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 .
Tickets still available for 7 pm and 9 pm screenings .
Walk up ticket sales ( cash only ) and will - call pickup starts at 6 pm at the theater .
March 30 , 2010
Seattle WA , USA
The Egyptian Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 . 7 pm & 9 pm .
Tickets available at the door , cash only .
Walk up ticket sales and will - call pickup starts at 6 pm at the theater .
April 16 , 2010
Philadelphia PA , USA
International House
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
7 pm & 9 pm SOLD OUT
April 17 , 2010
Baltimore MD , USA
Senator Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
Produced in association with The Friends of the Senator and Fortune5 Fifty .
After - party at the theater following screening .
$ 15 , 8 pm .
Tickets still available and can be purchased at the theater starting at 6 pm , cash only , first come , first served .
Will - call tickets will also be available for pickup starting at 6 pm .
April 19 , 2010
Amherst MA , USA
Hampshire College
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 , 9:15 pm & 11:15 pm .
Tickets are ONLY available to 5 - College students with a valid Hampshire , Smith , Amherst , Mt. Holyoke or UMASS ID .
Tickets will be on sale Saturday , April 10 in Hampshire College 's Harold F. Johnson Library from 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm , and April 12 - April 16 in the CLA Office ( attached to the Dakin House ) from 9:00 am - 4:00 pm .
For more info email roarbearman@gmail.com
April 20 , 2010
Boston MA , USA
Brattle Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 . 8:30 pm & 10:30 pm SOLD OUT .
Midnight show added , get tickets .
Will - call pickup starts at 6:30 pm at the theater , and midnight tickets will be available for purchase at the theater , cash only .
April 21 , 2010
Silver Spring MD , USA
AFI Silver Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 .
Get tickets : 8 pm & 10 pm .
Will - call pickup and walk - up ticket sales ( cash only ) will begin at 7 pm at the theater .
April 23 , 2010
Chapel Hill NC , USA
Varsity Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
$ 15 .
Get tickets : 7 pm & 9 pm .
Will - call pickup and walk - up ticket sales ( cash only ) will begin at 6 pm at the theater .
April 25 , 2010
Miami FL , USA
Grand Central
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
Presented in association with Sweat Records .
$ 15 , all ages , the film starts at 8 pm .
Walk - up tickets can be purchased starting at 7 pm at the theater , cash only , first - come first - served .
Will - call pick - up also starts at 7 pm .
April 26 , 2010
Atlanta GA , USA
Plaza Theatre
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
After - party at the Highland Ballroom with special guest DJs .
$ 15 .
Get tickets : 7 pm & 9 pm .
Will - call pickup and walk - up ticket sales ( cash only ) will begin at 6 pm at the theater .
May 13 , 2010
London , UK
ICA London
UK Premiere , with special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
ICA
Bar event after the screenings with special guest DJ sets .
£ 12 . 6:30 pm , 8:30 pm & 10:30 pm shows SOLD OUT .
May 14 , 2010
Manchester , UK
Mint Lounge
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
£ 8. 6 pm , 8 pm , book now .
May 15 , 2010
Leeds , UK
Brudenell Social Club
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
£ 8. 3 pm , 5 pm , book now .
May 17 , 2010
Copenhagen , Denmark
Grand Teatret
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
95 kr . 9:30 pm , 11:00 pm screening , get tickets .
May 18 , 2010
Berlin , Germany
Babylon
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
€ 11. 9 pm .
Get tickets .
Kino Karten / Kasse / Informationen : Fon : +49 - ( 0)30 - 24 25 969 ( ab 17.00 Uhr )
May 19 , 2010
Hamburg , Germany
Uebel und Gefaehrlich
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
€ 11 , 9 pm , get tickets .
May 21 , 2010
Amsterdam , The Netherlands
Smart Project Space
With special guests director Danny Perez and members of Animal Collective .
After - party .
€ 12 . 8 pm , get tickets .
May 27 - 29 , 2010
Barcelona , Spain
Primavera Sound
With special guests director Danny Perez with Avey Tare and Panda Bear of Animal Collective .
Part of the Primavera Sound Festival , get tickets .
June 2 , 2010
Lisbon , Portugal
Faculdade de Belas Artes da Universidade de Lisboa
Largo da Academia Nacional de Belas - Artes
With special guests director Danny Perez and Panda Bear of Animal Collective .
22:00 .
Tickets are € 6 and on sale starting May 24 .
July 4 & 8 , 2010
Karlovy Vary , Czech Republic
Karlovy Vary Film Festival
With special guest director Danny Perez .
Get tickets and info
August 6 and 7 , 2010
New York NY , USA
IFC Center
Special midnight screenings , with director Danny Perez in attendance 8/7 .
Get tickets
September 2 - 5 , 2010
Mexico City , Mexico
Cineteca Nacional
September 2 Premiere , with special guests director Danny Perez and Panda Bear of Animal Collective in attendance .
Tickets : 40 pesos , more info at www.cinetecanacional.net and www.chronic.mx
Follow the movie on Facebook for screening announcements and other news .
The ODDSAC DVD is shipping now !
If you 're in the UK and Europe : order from Plexi UK .
If you 're in the USA or rest of the world : order from Plexifilm .
DVD PACKAGE INCLUDES :
* The 53 - minute film , with new songs and score by Animal Collective
* 40 - page hardcover art book in a slipcover case
* Dolby 2.0 stereo and 5.1 surround sound audio
* Region 0 ( world )
Beijing 's abrupt cancellation of the latest session of the UK - China human rights dialogue , due to take place today , offers an uncomfortable insight into Britain 's increasingly strained relations with the 21st century 's rising global superpower .
Whether the issue is personal freedom , climate change , or nuclear proliferation , the Brown government is struggling with a new China syndrome that can be summed up this way : " we " do n't like their attitude but " they " could n't give two figs .
A Foreign Office spokesman said the human rights meeting , of which there are two each year under a scheme dating back to the Hong Kong handover in 1997 , had been postponed rather than cancelled , although he admitted no new date has been set .
But official irritation at the apparent snub is palpable .
China 's decision was described as " extremely unfortunate " , which is diplomat - speak for bloody rude .
Beijing gave no reason for its move .
While British officials indicated it may have been for " technical reasons " , a more plausible explanation is that Beijing 's Communist party rulers decided to punish Britain for its outspoken criticism of last month 's execution of Akmal Shaikh , a British citizen , for alleged drug offences .
China 's refusal to entertain numerous clemency pleas from Shaikh 's family and the government was a political as much as a judicial decision .
Gordon Brown declared himself " appalled " .
China reacted sharply , expressing " strong dissatisfaction " at his comments .
But Ivan Lewis , a Foreign Office minister , went even further in a BBC interview .
Lewis said the execution was a " deeply depressing day for anyone with a modicum of compassion or commitment to justice in Britain and throughout the world ...
As that country [ China ] plays a greater role in the world they have to understand their responsibility to adhere to the most basic standards of human rights .
China will only be fully respected when and if they make the choice to join the human rights mainstream . "
China seems to be exacting cold revenge for these hot words .
Shaikh 's execution , and the suspension of the human rights dialogue , constitute a direct kick in the teeth for Britain 's policy of " comprehensive " engagement with China on human rights and specifically , for its long - standing funding of projects in what it calls " three priority areas : abolishing the death penalty , reforming the criminal justice system , and promoting freedom of expression " .
Worse still , from London 's point of view , a series of other recent Chinese actions suggest an ever more confident Beijing is waxing indifferent to Britain 's strategic aim of " increasing understanding of human rights issues on both sides " , whatever it may have promised before the 2008 Olympics .
China 's continuing persecution of signatories of the pro-democracy Charter ' 08 , which calls for greater respect for personal and civic freedoms , reached a new low last month when the charter 's author , Liu Xiaobo , was jailed for 11 years for allegedly " inciting subversion of state power " .
The sentence produced a torrent of protest , including an open letter to President Hu Jintao from the ex-dissident and former Czech president Vaclav Havel and other signatories of former Czechoslovakia 's Charter ' 77 .
According to the Free Tibet campaign , meanwhile , arrests , harassment and torture of indigenous Tibetans opposed to direct rule by Beijing have intensified since the 2008 protests in Lhasa .
In a new campaign launched today , actors Juliet Stevenson and Alan Rickman have made recordings of the testimonies of torture victims .
One torture victim , Pema , whose story is told by David Threlfall , tells how he was seized by police in his home on 17 March 2008 and beaten and abused with an electric baton .
Pema goes on to relate how he and more than one hundred other Tibetans were held in confined conditions and how he was stabbed and burned with cigarettes during interrogations .
In a statement in October 2008 , foreign secretary David Miliband said Britain was " deeply concerned " about the human rights situation in Tibet .
" No government which is committed to promoting international respect for human rights can remain silent on the issue of Tibet . "
Asked today what was being done now , a Foreign Office spokesman said Britain " repeatedly " raised Tibet in meetings with Chinese officials , notably during a ministerial visit to Lhasa and Beijing last September , and was urging China to resume a dialogue with representatives of the Dalai Lama .
The spokesman said the case of Liu Xiaobo 's jailing had also been raised bilaterally and though an EU statement on 28 December that expressed " deep concern " about his treatment .
Human rights aside , rising Sino - British tensions are also being fed by issues such as Beijing 's reluctance to support new sanctions on Iran 's nuclear programme ; and by the public spat in Copenhagen last month when Brown and other ministers publicly blamed China for blocking Britain 's climate change agenda .
But according to China expert and author Jonathan Fenby , Britain is on a losing wicket in its battles with Beijing .
" China has asserted its determination to protect its own sovereignty whatever the issue , and is intent on doing things its way , " Fenby wrote on Cif last month .
" Given its economic progress ... the leadership and the population feel pretty good about themselves .
They are in no mood to take lessons , moral or otherwise , from the west . "
Google has unveiled a new ad serving platform for internet publishers , merging the platform it acquired from DoubleClick in 2008 with its native Google Ad Manager .
Mountain View will now offer a single ad serving platform known as DoubleClick for Publishers , or DFP .
" We see an opportunity to improve ad serving even further by combining Google 's technology and infrastructure with DoubleClick 's display advertising and ad serving experience , " the company said Monday morning in a blog post .
The new platform comes in two flavors : DoubleClick for Publishers proper , for large online publishers , and DFP Small Business , a free version for the little guy .
Those using the existing DoubleClick ad serving platform - DART for Publishers - will be upgraded to the full DFP " over the next year we continue to add features and modules , " while current Google Ad Manager users will be upgraded to DFP Small Business " in the coming weeks . "
Google announced its DoubleClick acquisition in April 2007 , and the $ 3.1 bn deal closed in March 2008 , after finally receiving approval from the EU .
A year later , Google announced that it had introduced behavioral ad targeting on YouTube and its AdSense partner sites - though it preferred to call this " interest - based advertising " .
The company later told The Reg that this involved using the existing DoubleClick cookie across third - party AdSense publishers .
This allows Google to track your surfing habits as you move from partner AdSense sites to sites using DoubleClick 's ad management platform , although the company indicates that - at least in some cases - the data is not combined .
Then , in September of last year , Google introduced the DoubleClick Ad Exchange - a marketplace where ad buyers can bid on excess inventory offered up by publishers - and this was integrated with Google 's existing AdWords and AdSense programs .
AdWords is where advertisers serve up their own ads onto third - party AdSense sites and the Google search engine . ®
Starting in the middle
An initial look at cognitive surplus and reprap
As David Rosenberg points out , " what a difference a year makes . "
Here is the compare and contrast .
A year ago , China was embarking on a massive fiscal and credit stimulus plan that would send commodity prices and global exports surging .
Today , the People ’s Bank of China ( PBoC ) , along with other Asian central banks , is now withdrawing the stimulus ( India as well ) .
Is the near 10 % correction in the Chinese stock market telling us something about the Chinese economic outlook ?
Something tells us the Reserve Bank of Australia was on to something when it did n’t hike rates yesterday when the market was fully priced for another move — after all , China is Australia ’s most important customer .
A year ago , it was all about saving the insolvent banking sector .
Now it is popular to bash the banks and de-risk them .
Notice how the financials have n’t done a thing in five months ?
A year ago , it was all about fiscal reflation .
While there is now tepid support for job creation and small business incentives , the emphasis is also on ending the Bush goodies and taxing the rich ( defined as anyone making more than $ 250 k ) .
A year ago , it was all about quantitative easing and the need for the Fed to add more than $ 1 trillion of mortgages to its balance sheet .
Today , it is all about the exit strategy .
A year ago , the U.S. dollar ’s bear market rally was about to give way to a 6 % - plus decline in support of global carry trades .
Today , the dollar has broken out on a trade - weighted basis and has broken above the 50 , 100 and 200 - day moving averages .
In 2009 , what would growth be in the U.S. without the massive stimulus ?
We ran the numbers and real GDP would have declined close 4.0 % as opposed to the reported - 2.4 % tally
A year ago , the VIX index was at 40 .
Today , it is barely above 20 .
A year ago , Baa corporate bond spreads were in excess of 550 basis points .
Today , they are 260 basis points .
A year ago , the S&P 500 was undervalued by 18 % , on a Shiller normalized P/E basis .
Now , it is overvalued by 25 % .
A year ago , we were coming off a - 6.4 % real GDP print in the U.S. and a 35 ISM reading and only ‘ green shoots ’ lay in our path .
Today , we are coming off a +5.7 % GDP headline and a 58.4 ISM index and the days of “ sequential improvement ” are clearly over .
A year ago , 10 - year Treasury note yields were 2.7 % and rising .
Today , they are 3.7 % and falling .
Furthermore , never satisfied using a sledge - hammer on rose - colored economic glasses on a daily basis , Rosie speculates that real GDP in Q4 would have been down more than 7 % from the announced 5.7 % expansion , if one strips away the stimulus benefits .
We ran some simulations to see what would have happened in 2009 without all the massive amounts of fiscal and monetary stimulus .
Instead of real GDP contracting 2.4 % for all of 2009 , it would have been close to a 4.0 % decline .
And , as for the last two “ positive quarters ” — well , Q3 would have been - 1.0 % QoQ at an annual rate and - 1.5 % for Q4 ( as opposed to the +5.7 % annualized print ) .
Still no sign of organic private sector growth and here we have the Fed discussing exit strategies and the Obama team about to soak it to the rich ( for anyone who makes over $ 250 k ) .
This is what is otherwise known as a ‘ low quality ’ recovery .
And in a rare forray into political analysis , Rosenberg is not too hot on the Democrats ' grasp of a Senatorial majority .
Not only did the Democrat filibuster - proof majority evaporate with the Scott Brown victory in Massachusetts but there is a legitimate chance that the Republicans will take over the Senate over the next four years .
It ’s all about the turnover — the Democrats have 23 seats to defend in 2012 compared to 10 for the GOP ; and the Dems have 14 in 2014 while the GOP have 13 members up for re-election .
Much more here .
Airport tyranny comes to your door , as predicted
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , January 8 , 2010
Naked body scanners are being readied to go mobile and scan you on the street , at football games and any other event where masses of people are congregated , according to a leaked paper written by Dutch authorities .
As we have been warning all along , the tyranny now being metered out at airports was always intended to be rolled out onto the streets , with mobile metal detectors already being stationed at various transport hubs in the UK in the name of stopping knife crime .
Now Dutch police have announced that they are developing a mobile scanner that will “ see through people ’s clothing and look for concealed weapons ” .
According to a confidential document , “ The scanner could first be used as an alternative to random body searches in high risk areas .
The mobile detector would enable the search to be carried out more quickly and would only be used on people suspected of carrying concealed weapons , ” reports Dutch News.nl .
The device would also be used from a distance on groups of people “ and mass scans on crowds at events such as football matches . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ The biggest challenge is making it portable and ensuring it can carry out a scan in seconds , ” Giampiero Gerini , a professor at Eindhoven University , told the paper .
The aim is to develop and deploy the device within three years .
With police in major American and British cities already carrying out random searches of innocent people under routinely abused terrorism laws , mobile scanners are likely to be added to their arsenal , especially if people have been trained to accept their use as routine in airports .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Three years ago , leaked documents out of the Home Office revealed that authorities in the UK were working on proposals to fit lamp posts with CCTV cameras that would X - ray scan passers - by and “ undress them ” in order to “ trap terror suspects ” .
“ The questions are when is this a useful addition to security and when does it become unduly intrusive and worrying to the public ? ” said Professor Paul Wilkinson , a terrorism expert .
Since everything that we see being installed at the airports is now gradually being introduced on the streets , how long will it be before mind - reading devices that scan individuals for behavioral psychology , now being discussed for use in airports , are stationed on every major street corner ?
The technologies now being prepared not just for the airport , but for our everyday lives , are far more frightening and technologically advanced than anything George Orwell wrote about in 1984 .
Unless we stand up in unison and say enough is enough , our world will become a literal hi-tech prison grid characterized by a caste system of slaves and controllers .
This article was posted : Friday , January 8 , 2010 at 10:51 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Das moderne Leben ist ohne Plastik unvorstellbar .
Doch der Kunststoff setzt sich überall ab – seine Inhaltsstoffe finden sich sogar in menschlichen Organen .
Wie viel davon wird in Deutschland hergestellt – und was richten all die Partikel an ?
Any way you look at it , 40 % of the unemployed , or 4 % of the workforce , a record number of people , or 6.1 million , are now unemployed for over 27 weeks .
In November this number was 5.9 million , and a year ago it was a meager 2.5 million .
Green shoots .
The average duration of unemployment has surged to 29.1 weeks , from 28.6 weeks in November , and 19.5 a year ago .
Community Involvement : Gordon Gives
Gordon Gives is a program that allows Gordon McKernan Injury Attorneys to give back to the community .
God has bestowed numerous blessings on the firm and its staff .
Gordon ’s desire is to do his part in giving back to people that may have a need .
Welcome to the first weekly installment of the Star Trek Online MMO Log , a four - part weekly series , leading up to our review .
In this first installment , I take my first steps , and lose a great deal of sleep .
Advertisement
Star Trek Online is the first MMO title to be a part of Kotaku 's new MMO review process .
Our standard reviews require that we complete the game we are playing .
That does n't work with an MMO title .
Instead , we 'll be posting new updates every week for four weeks , logging our play time and letting our readers follow us through the experience .
After four weeks we review the game based on our experiences .
Got it ?
Good .
Let 's begin .
Friday , January 29th , 1:00 PM Eastern
The early start program for Star Trek Online goes live , and so do I , becoming one of the first new starship captains inhabiting this new universe .
My first task it to create a character .
There are several classic Star Trek races to choose from when creating a Federation character , from the empathic Betazed to the blue - skinned Andorians , but I opt to create a custom alien , testing out Cryptic 's character creation system .
Advertisement
And this is what I came up with .
Having been programmed by years of the television show to expect humanoid aliens to have strange foreheads and nose ridges , I could n't help myself .
After a little fine - tuning I wound up with Mr. Qix Qbert , a joke name I chose as a placeholder , only to find I did n't have the ability to change my name after the fact .
When I try , I am told I have to purchase the ability to change my name from Cryptic 's C - Store in - game , and the ability is n't up for sale .
Oh well , Qix is n't too bad .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Before I get command of my own vessel , I have to go through a multi-part tutorial mission .
Having gone through the mission multiple times during beta , I opt to take a little break .
Friday , January 29th , 6:00 PM
My work for the day is done , so I slip back online to take Qix through the tutorial .
Set against the backdrop of a conflict between the Federation and the Borg , I learn how to interact with objects in my environment , target and fire upon my enemies , and most importantly , I learn how to roll .
Does the rolling help ?
I can't really tell from a combat standpoint , but the immersion factor is immediately through the roof .
Advertisement
After my run-in with the Borg is completed , I am beamed back aboard my ship .
With the captain and much of the crew conveniently killed during the battle , I am suddenly the highest ranking officer on the ship , and the only one fit for command .
Starfleet must really be hurting for people if I am the only one fit for command .
This portion of the tutorial features a little combat , but starships are n't just about fighting .
First I have to beam the crew off of several damaged vessels , transferring them to a transport .
Then I get a little stationary target practice on some inactive Borg drones .
Eventually I find myself a part of the fleet , taking on a fully - functional Borg vessel .
Thanks to the efforts of some powerful AI companions , the fully - functional bits are soon so much space debris , and I 'm told I need to report to the Admiral at Earth Spacedock for debriefing .
Advertisement
The Admiral explains that yes , Starfleet is indeed hurting for people , and my little Ensign is now a Lieutenant , ready to take command of his first ship .
I 'm so proud .
I also need to be at Starbucks .
Friday , January 29th , 9:00 PM
My girlfriend works at a Starbucks on the other side of town , so I grab what passes for my gaming laptop and head out that way .
Once there I take advantage of the free Wi -Fi , pulling out my trackball and wireless headset , establishing myself as the biggest geek in the store .
If only they could see my screen .
Advertisement
My first ship is a Miranda class , which makes sense , considering the vessel has been used throughout the TV shows and movies as everything from science vehicle to patrol vessel to escort .
With such varied function , it 's the perfect ship for players who 've yet to find their role in the Star Trek Online universe .
I give mine yellow and pink detailing , and the U.S.S. Kotaku is born .
The Kotaku has two forward weapons ; one rear weapon ; and one station each for engineering , tactical , and science officers .
Assigning officers to stations allows me to access special powers during combat .
For instance , assigning my sole officer , an engineer , to the engineering station , gives me the ability to recharge the forward shields during space combat .
Advertisement
Officers also have special abilities during away team missions , when you leave the safety of your giant warship to go traipsing about on star bases and the surface of dangerous alien planets .
Tactical officers generally receive combat - oriented skills , with science officers offering buffs and healing and engineers close to useless without Jefferies tubes nearby .
With my ship situated , I take on my first mission , patrolling the Vulcan sector of space .
Traveling in Star Trek
Online takes place on a galactic map , split into sectors .
I suppose this simulates warp travel , which is generally uneventful .
Once you drop from warp into one of the countless systems dotting the map , the real action begins .
Advertisement
Let 's look at your standard patrol mission .
You 're tasked with dropping in on four or five systems , at which point you are given a task .
In one system you might be completely confined to your ship , travelling around a planet 's orbit , taking out Orion smugglers .
Kill a set number , and you 're on to the next system .
In other instances , you beam down onto a planet or into a space station , at which point your objective either involves combat or problem solving .
Combat is relatively easy at first .
Once you attack , so does your crew , healing you and repairing your personal shields as they drop .
Later in the game it takes a bit more strategy , but let 's not get ahead of ourselves .
Advertisement
Once again , it is n't all about combat .
During my first patrol I am tasked with beaming down to the surface of a mining planet , where I have to hear the miners ' grievances .
Afterwards the head of the miners quizzes me on what the NPC characters have told me , to ensure I was capable of bringing their grievances before the Federation Council .
It is a silly , simple little mission , no more than running back and forth hitting the interaction button , but it 's definitely Star Trek .
Advertisement
Soon it 's 11:30 PM , and time for Starbucks to close .
I pack things up , wait for my girlfriend to get off work , and head home .
I play for another 20 minutes or so before the urge to sleep overpowers the urge to play .
Saturday , January 30th , 2:00 PM
I wake up extremely late today , slipping into the computer room to get a few more hours of gameplay time in before Saturday evening festivities begin .
Advertisement
I try my hand at a large - scale battle , travelling to Starbase 24 , where an ongoing conflict with the Klingon wages constantly .
Players fight in large groups , taking on hordes of ships , with a set number required to move on to the next stage of the conflict .
It 's much like the public quests in Warhammer Online or Cryptic 's own Champions Online .
Once the ships have been defeated , I 'm given a chance to warp to the Starbase itself , taking the fight to the Klingons invading the station .
While I generally prefer the starship battles in Star Trek Online to the on - foot bits , in this situation I found my preference reversed .
The large - scale of the space battles makes it far too easy for the player to find his or herself alone against a fleet of enemy ships .
Perhaps it 's better when you group up , but I do n't know where these people have been .
Advertisement
Retreating from the fray to patrol a few more sectors , I log off for the day .
Sunday , January 31st , 12:00 PM
Today I am filled with a strong sense of purpose !
I am now a Lieutenant 5 , the lowest of five ranks in Star Trek Online .
It goes Lieutenant - Lieutenant Commander - Commander - Captain - Admiral , each rank consisting of 11 levels .
Each rank also qualifies for an upgraded ship , and the U.S.S.
Kotaku is getting a bit too cramped for my style .
With launch two days away , I decide that I shall be a Lieutenant Commander before Tuesday morning , or die trying .
Advertisement
After playing for 20 minutes , the servers go down .
Drat .
I decide to check out Global Agenda , another MMO that went live last Friday .
Its servers are also down .
I get a lot of reading done .
Sunday , January 31st , 11:00 PM
I awake after a post - dinner nap to find the servers back online , and I immediately jump back into patrol duty , which players in the main chat channel keep assuring everyone who asks is the fastest way to level .
Advertisement
During my journeys this evening I receive a distress call from a nearby system .
The mission that it leads me to is ultimately forgettable , but I received a distress call !
That 's how a good 30 % of Star Trek episodes start !
I also take some time to explore crafting , or what crafting there is in Star Trek Online .
As you travel in the game , you come across anomalies , both in space and on foot .
Scanning them earns you materials , which you can trade in certain combinations for rare equipment at Memory Alpha , a base in the Alpha Centuri sector of space .
It 's not exactly crafting , but it scratches my itch slightly .
Advertisement
With my immersion levels through the roof , I continue fighting , exploring , and by the time I am ready for bed I am at Lieutenant 9 .
And it 's 6 AM , with three hours to go before work .
Today is going to hurt .
Tuesday , February 1st , 1:30 AM
After my work day is done I take a nap on the couch in front of the latest episode of Battlestar Galactica spinoff Caprica , only to wake up around 1 AM with terrible heartburn .
Pepperoni and gas station donuts do not mix .
Lesson learned and heart burned , I decide to see if I can reach my goal within the time allotted .
Advertisement
Things are slow going , however .
While early space combat encounters were easily surmountable by simply flying within weapons range and firing your torpedoes and disrupters while the enemy came straight for you , as I level the enemy ships are getting smarter , using tricks , and maneuvering to conserve their shields .
It 's not hard to adjust to ; it simply takes more time .
The same goes for ground combat .
After seven or so levels of easy encounters , the enemies are beginning to wise to my tactics .
I find myself using team commands more , ordering my crew to consolidate fire on a single target rather than letting them make their own decisions .
For the most part , the away team are morons , getting trapped behind walls as I navigate station corridors , causing me to have to sit and wait while they catch up .
They are dumb as bricks , but they are my bricks , and I am becoming attached .
Advertisement
At 5 AM Eastern time , Cryptic announces that the severs will be going down at 6 AM for a patch .
At 5:20 AM , I reach the rank of Lieutenant Commander .
The ceremony was lovely .
Advertisement
After graduating to the next rank , I head up to ship requisitions to choose my next ride .
My choices consist of a Science Vessel , a large Cruiser , or a sleek , dangerous Escort ship .
I go with Escort , heading down to the customization vendor to craft a bizarre , pink and yellow - trimmed amalgam of the Saber , Rapier , and Ushaan class vessels .
Then I take it for a spin , and explode .
The feeling of accomplishment is tremendous .
Advertisement
The Game So Far
After four or so days of playing Star Trek Online , I am both intrigued by the game 's promise , and worried about the repetition I 'm seeing at such an early stage .
Missions requiring me to fly around a planet , shooting X number of enemy squadrons have been plentiful , while those that involve diplomacy and deduction are few and far between .
Away team missions either feel me with joy or dread , depending on how many team members are given me .
If a fully party is required , it means repetitive ground combat against countless hordes of Klingons , Gorn , or Orions .
If it 's just me and one other crewmate , that means I 'll be mediating a dispute , or perhaps solving some sort of mystery .
I live for the latter , while the former quickly grow stale .
Still , with enemies becoming more intelligent as I gain more experience , there is definitely promise here .
Technically the game has been semi-solid .
I 've had a few disconnects , and experienced a bit of server downtime , but nothing far from normal for a major MMO launch .
Unfortunately , that could be about to change .
Advertisement
As of this morning , the game has opened up to the masses , officially going live .
I logged on long enough to see that lag was taking its toll on the servers , an issue that Cryptic should be ironing out over the coming days , and to set up the next phase of my Star Trek Online experience , seeing how things work from the more player - versus - player , Klingon side of the game .
Advertisement
Next week , it 's the revenge of the Orion slave girl .
UC Planners Envision “ Bay Line ” Park on the Old Bay Bridge Span
Images : Rael Fratello Architects
When Joshua David formed Friends of the High Line in 1999 and started raising money to transform abandoned train tracks in mid-Manhattan into an elevated urban park , more than a few people thought him nuts .
With the opening of the High Line in June and the warm reception it has received by the public , however , planners who have their eyes on other abandoned rail infrastructure are feeling emboldened and hopeful their projects will receive more serious consideration , including a new proposal to preserve the existing east span of the Bay Bridge for a park and development .
Ronald Rael , Principal at Rael San Fratello Architects and Professor of Architecture at UC Berkeley ’s graduate program , has developed a plan that would preserve the existing cantilever and truss section of the Bay Bridge and transform the span into a park and mixed - use development .
In homage to the High Line , Rael ’s project is dubbed The Bay Line ( PDF ) .
Rael and Berkeley have submitted their proposal to a design competition sponsored by UCLA , but have not made a formal proposal to the Metropolitan Transportation Commission ( MTC ) or Caltrans , both of which are not likely to support any more changes to construction of the Bay Bridge .
Though MTC spokesperson Randy Rentschler had n’t seen the proposal , he called any attempt to preserve the old span a " pipe dream . "
" We wo n’t leave it up for the same reason we
are taking it down .
That is , there is a real chance this bridge segment
wo n’t stand up in a quake .
Also , keeping it maintained is cost
prohibitive . "
He added , joking , " Past that , it would be a great permanent location of the Summer X Games . "
Rael , however , is quite serious about the project , pointing to many examples of re-purposing bridges and rail infrastructure to house dwellings and parks , including the Ponte Vecchio in Florence , the Promenade Plantee in Paris , and the Belt Line in Atlanta .
Rael envisions the project as an important use of existing infrastructure to promote urban density and has a proposal to pay for the necessary seismic retrofits , which he points out , would be billions cheaper than the ballooned cost of the new self - anchored suspension bridge that is being built for cars .
" The bridge does need further seismic upgrades , however it was initially considered that a seismic retrofit of the old bridge would cost $ 200 million — something we ’ve taken into account in our proposal , " said Rael .
" Instead , it was decided a new bridge would be better because it was estimated that it could be built for a few million more than the $ 200 million retrofit , at $ 780 million .
As I understand it , the new bridge is now estimated to cost $ 6.2 billion to complete . "
By promoting many uses of the bridge , including rents for retail and residential , the project would help pay for its own maintenance .
Rael does project an upfront capital shortfall of $ 350 million , which he proposes recouping through bridge tolls or commercial rental over 40 years .
The upper deck would include a 1.9 mile bicycle and pedestrian pathway ( with amazing views , no doubt ) as well as tennis courts , a climbing wall , and 15 acres for planting gardens and growing crops .
The lower level mixed - use development would include a number of pre-fabricated residential units , swimming pools , retail development and
cultural amenities , such as museums and an open - air amphitheater .
Given the successful fundraising for the High Line and a very real need to maximize the potential of existing urban infrastructure , is The Bay Line less of a pipe dream than one would think ?
The phenomenon of corporations buying their way onto the California election ballot is fast reaching epidemic proportions .
If the multimillion - dollar initiative campaigns by Mercury Insurance and Pacific Gas & Electric were n't enough -- the first on behalf of an initiative to gut the state 's insurance consumer - protection law , the second to immunize private utilities from public competition -- here comes Venoco Inc .
The Denver - based independent oil company wants to give itself unique exemptions from local health , safety and environmental regulations in its California home away from home , Carpinteria .
If there 's a silver lining in this fat - catted cloud , it may be that it gives the entire initiative process a reputation for corruption .
Since most initiatives are badly drafted abominations , on balance that 's probably a good thing .
What makes a company like Venoco have such a feeling of entitlement ?
Could it be the Enron connection ?
The infamous energy company provided Venoco with $ 60 million in financing in 1998 , controlled its board for a while , then was bought out in 2004 .
It 's hard to avoid the conclusion that some of Enron 's DNA permanently infected Venoco 's blood .
The column begins below .
Carpinteria is a lovely little city on the Pacific just south of Santa Barbara , boasting such features as a city - owned coastal preserve and one of the four remaining seal rookeries in Southern California .
Just about the last place you ’d expect to become the target of a hostile corporate takeover .
The corporation is Venoco Inc. , an independent oil company with revenue of more than half a billion dollars a year , which currently owns an oil storage facility in Carpinteria .
One would get weary painting big oil companies as soulless monsters , if Venoco did n’t make it so easy .
This Denver - based firm is spending lavishly to pass a ballot initiative specifically exempting itself from the city ’s industrial development and environmental rules .
That ’s because it ’s afraid that Carpinteria ’s elected officials , left to their own devices , might not greenlight its proposal to operate a 10 - story oil derrick round the clock on its property , next door to a 225 - home residential neighborhood and on the edge of the ecologically sensitive coastal bluffs .
Read the whole column .
-- Michael Hiltzik
Four hundred years ago tonight , a man from Pisa , Italy took a newly - made telescope with a magnifying power of 33X , pointed it at one of the brighter lights in the sky , and changed mankind forever .
The man , of course , was Galileo , and the light he observed on January 7 , 1610 was Jupiter .
He spotted " three fixed stars " that were invisible to the eye near the planet , and a fourth a few days later .
Here is how he drew this , 400 years ago :
He noted the stars moved around Jupiter as they followed it across the sky , and so was the first to figure out that other planets had moons like our own .
It was n't an easy observation ; his telescope was still small , the field of view narrow ( so not all the moons were visible at the same time ) , and the moons faint next to Jupiter 's brilliant glare .
But Galileo persisted , and figured it out .
We call these four the Galilean moons in his honor :
Io , Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto .
Here 's how we see them today :
The image above [ click to embiggen ] is from the New Horizons spacecraft as it shot past Jupiter in early 2007 , showing all four moons .
Each is scaled to show its true relative size to the others .
It 's impossible not to wonder what Galileo would have thought , knowing that just shy of 400 years after he made his first observations , we would fling our robotic proxies out into the solar system and get close up views of the objects he discovered .
Think of it !
For all of time before , Jupiter was just a light in the sky .
And then , forever after that night forty decades ago , it was a world , surrounded by more worlds .
[ See more pictures of Jupiter and its moons in a gallery over at 80 Beats . ]
Galileo went on to observe craters on the Moon , spots on the Sun , and the phases of Venus .
It was that last that may have been his crowning achievement , because the way Venus showed phases meant it could not possibly orbit the Earth , and that it must orbit the Sun .
The geocentric theory had held sway for over a thousand years , but Galileo proved it was wrong almost overnight .
Of course , the Church was n't thrilled with this , though I suspect they might have rolled with it if Galileo had n't been such an arrogant jerk and published a manuscript insulting the Pope , a man who used to be his friend and supporter .
If there is a lesson in there , I leave it to my readers to suss it out .
Now , all these years later , a lot of legends exist over the man .
He did n't invent the telescope , he was n't the first to point it at the sky , and he was n't even the first to publish his drawings .
But he was a merciless self - promoter , and because of that we do remember him now ( again , any lessons learned here are up to you ) .
And it 's not entirely unfair to do so ; he was a tireless observer , a wonderful artist , a great inventor ( he may not have been the first to build a telescope , but he made his far better than its predecessors ) and a brilliant scientist who , even if he had n't done so much for astronomy , would still be remembered today for his other work .
Tonight , just after sunset , Jupiter will be a glowing white beacon in the southwest .
I have a Galileoscope , an inexpensive telescope created as part of the International Year of Astronomy 2009 , an effort to get as many people on Earth to look up as possible .
I think perhaps it would be fitting if I brave the subzero temperature outside , maybe for just a few minutes , and take a look at the mighty planet .
Tonight 's display is better than Galileo himself had it : all four moons will be perfectly arrayed , two on each side of Jupiter 's face .
I 'm not a very religious man , nor am I a very spiritual man .
But I know there will still be a sense of connection , a sense of wonder that I will have tonight that I will share with a man long dead , but whose life and achievements still echo through time .
Thinking Structurally About Government
Do your progressive friends think seasteading is nothing more than rich white people trying to get away from social programs ?
Well , our own Will Chamberlain will disabuse any squawking prog-frogs of this flapdoodle .
His talk from the Seasteading Conference is up .
If viewing is n’t your thing , you can read a précis of his talk at the TSI blog here .
How the new iceberg was formed 7 January 2010 : B9B iceberg , which is 97 km long , approaches the Mertz Glacier tongue .
7 February 2010 : the B9B iceberg makes contact with the tongue , which already had major rifts in it .
20 February 2010 : the Mertz Glacier tongue breaks off creating another massive iceberg .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
A vast iceberg that broke off eastern Antarctic earlier this month could disrupt marine life in the region , scientists have warned .
They say the iceberg , which is 78 km long and up to 39 km wide , could have consequences for the area 's colonies of emperor penguins .
The emblematic birds may be forced to travel further afield to find food .
The iceberg calved from the Mertz Glacier Tongue after it was hit by another huge iceberg , called B9B .
" It is a very active area for algae growth , especially in springtime , " explained Dr Neal Young from the Australia - based Antarctic Climate and Ecosystems Co-operative Research Centre .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" There are emperor penguin colonies about 200 - 300 km away to the west .
They come to this area to feed , and seals in the area also come to get access to the open water , " he told BBC News .
He suggested that a change in the availability of open water could affect the rate of food production , which would have an impact on the amount of wildlife it could sustain .
" If the area gets choked up ( with ice ) , then they would have to go elsewhere and look for food . "
Changing landscape
The calving of the iceberg , which has an estimated mass of 700 - 800bn tonnes , has changed the shape of the local geography , Dr Young explained .
Large icebergs always attract a lot of attention due to their scale
Dr Mike Meredith ,
British Antarctic Survey " We have got two massive icebergs that - end to end - create a fence of about 180 km .
" So the area 's geography has changed from a situation where we effectively had a box in which two sides were open ocean , " he told BBC News .
" Now we have a fence across one side of the box . "
Before the formation of the iceberg , the Mertz Peninsula provided the right conditions for a polynia - an expanse of open water surrounded by sea-ice - to exist .
" Winds blow off the coast and clear anything in that region , including sea ice , exposing open water , " Dr Young explained .
He added that as well as providing a feeding site for the region 's wildlife , the polynia also was a key production site of " bottom water " ; very cold , dense water that sinks to the ocean floor .
" Sea ice is relatively fresh compared to sea water , so the more sea ice you have ( in the surrounding area ) , the more salt that is left in the remaining open water . "
The rise in the concentration of salt increases the water 's density , causing it to sink to the bottom of the ocean .
" This area around the Antarctic coastline , of which the Mertz Peninsula is one part , produces about one quarter of the Antarctic 's bottom water , but the Mertz polynia is a major contributor , " Dr Young said .
He added that the new iceberg had shortened the length of the Mertz Glacier Tongue , which could result in pack ice entering the area and disrupting the polynia .
" That means that the bottom water production rate ... will decrease .
" The bottom water spills over the continental shelf , flows down the continental slope into the deep ocean . "
This process helps drive the " conveyor belt " of currents in the Southern , Pacific and Atlantic Oceans .
Any disruption to the net flow of bottom water could result in a weakening in the deep ocean circulation system , which plays a key role in the global climate system .
' Natural laboratory '
However , the researchers say the changes to the region triggered by the formation of the new iceberg will not shut down the circulation system or affect the world 's climate .
" Large icebergs always attract a lot of attention due to their scale , " observed Dr Michael Meredith from the British Antarctic Survey , who was not involved in the research .
" Bottom water is indeed an important part of the global ocean overturning circulation and hence climate , " he told BBC News .
" There are also a number of other locations of bottom water formation , however .
So , it 's unlikely that a large - scale sustained change of the order of magnitude required for a global climate impact will happen from this one event .
" The more important thing , I think , is that this event has been closely and carefully monitored by scientists , who will now look at the processes whereby such calvings can impact on the ocean and the ecosystem - and studying this natural laboratory will add to our knowledge of how the Antarctic system works . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The head of the Roman Catholic Church spoke out against the use of body scanners at airports , saying human dignity must be preserved even as countries attempt to protect their citizens against acts of terrorism .
Pope Benedict XVI , making his comments during an audience with airport workers and officials at the Vatican on Sunday , did not specifically use the words body scanner in his address , according to reports in U.K. newspapers the Daily Telegraph and the Guardian .
But he said that even when facing the threat of terrorism , airport security officials should not forget to respect " the primacy of the human person . "
" [ With ] every action , it is above all essential to protect and value the human person in their integrity , " he told the representatives from the aviation industry .
The United States began using the scanners capable of detecting items hidden under clothing at airports as part of new security protocols put in place in the wake of the failed bombing attempt on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day .
Canada and European countries have followed suit and begun installing their own scanners , particularly for flights destined for the United States .
The Pope is not the first religious leader to speak out against the scanners .
Muslims urged to choose pat - down over scanner
The Fiqh Council of North America , an Islamic group with membership in Canada and the United States , said earlier in February it believed the body scanners were " against the teachings of Islam , natural law and all religions and cultures that stand for decency and modesty . "
The group urged Muslim travellers to choose to be patted down by airport security rather than go through the scanners .
Canada is in the process of installing 44 scanners to be used on U.S. - bound passengers selected for secondary screening at Canadian airports .
The Canadian Air Transport Security Authority has said the scanners would protect the privacy of the passenger , and that the officer viewing the image would do so in a separate room and never see the actual traveller .
The focus on security measures stems from the failed attempt by a Nigerian man to set off a bomb on a Detroit - bound flight on Christmas Day .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , 23 , is accused of trying to ignite the bomb on the Northwest Airlines flight .
Officials said he has told U.S. investigators he received training and instructions from al - Qaeda operatives in Yemen .
The mayor ’s director of the Office of Immigrant Affairs , Fatima Shama , went further .
“ We as New York Muslims have as much of a commitment to rebuilding New York as anybody , ” Ms. Shama said .
Imam Feisal ’s wife , Daisy Khan , serves on an advisory team for the National September 11 Memorial and Museum , and Lynn Rasic , a spokeswoman for the memorial , said , “ The idea of a cultural center that strengthens ties between Muslims and people of all faiths and backgrounds is positive . ”
Image Credit ...
The New York Times
Those who have worked with him say if anyone could pull off what many regard to be a delicate project , it would be Imam Feisal , whom they described as having built a career preaching tolerance and interfaith understanding .
“ He subscribes to my credo : ‘ Live and let live , ’ ” said Rabbi Arthur Schneier , spiritual leader of Park East Synagogue on East 67th Street .
As a Sufi , Imam Feisal follows a path of Islam focused more on spiritual wisdom than on strict ritual , and as a bridge builder , he is sometimes focused more on cultivating relations with those outside his faith than within it .
But though the imam is adamant about what his intentions for the site are , there is anxiety among those involved or familiar with the project that it could very well become a target for anti-Muslim attacks .
Joan Brown Campbell , director of the department of religion at the Chautauqua Institution in upstate New York and former general secretary of the National Council of Churches of Christ U.S.A. , who is a supporter of Imam Feisal , acknowledged the possibility of a backlash from those opposed to a Muslim presence at ground zero .
But , she added : “ Building so close is owning the tragedy .
It ’s a way of saying : ‘ This is something done by people who call themselves Muslims .
We want to be here to repair the breach , as the Bible says . ’ ”
The economy is going to have to stand on its own two feet this year , according to David Rosenberg .
The stimulus we experienced in 2009 is unlikely to be repeated in 2010 for a number of practical and political reasons .
Scott Brown ’s recent victory in the Senate was a message for government to go easy on the public purse , among other things ( ie , health care ) .
Based on official projections , the U.S. government debt - to - GDP ratio will soar above 100 % within the next two years — levels in the past that only occurred in periods of war .
The general public is hardly likely going to accept a further deterioration in the nation ’s balance sheet , which means that the era of fiscal quick fixes to periodically stimulate GDP growth is behind us .
Moreover , it also looks as though Bernanke & Company are going to try and craftily withdraw from its unprecedented incursion into the mortgage market .
If 2009 was the year of the policy reflation , then 2010 is likely to be the year renewed deflation .
Below we highlight how investors should be braced for such an outcome — it is the opposite of what worked in the 2009 flashy bear market rally that so many pundits are mistaking for a new secular or even sustained cyclical uptrend .
Extrapolating what happened from the March lows into the future could well be the most critical mistake an investor can make this year .
We intend on not making a mistake that would risk the fundamental goal of capital preservation and growing wealth over time .
What happened last year was a policy - driven deviation from the primary trend that is characteristic of a deleveraging cycle and a secular credit contraction , which is towards debt deflation .
Since the iPhone was first released , people have complained about its lack of support for third - party multitasking .
This sentiment was further amplified when Apple recently announced the iPad , a device which also wo n’t support multitasking outside of Apple ’s own apps .
The proffered reason behind Apple ’s reluctance to support system wide multitasking is that users will inevitably leave apps open and running in the background , forget about them , and inadvertently drain their battery and affect their system performance in the process .
“ But that ’s nonsense ! ” critics chant from the rooftops , “ users are smart enough to keep track of what apps they have open , and even if they are n’t , Apple can just release an app similar to Androids ’ Advanced Task Killer .
We , however , take an opposing viewpoint and humbly assert that the vast majority of tech users are decidedly not smart enough to responsibly handle multitasking , let alone make sense of an app that allows them to terminate processes .
Our evidence is admittedly unscientific , but nonetheless , compelling .
There ’s an app on the iTunes App Store called Amazing X - Ray that purports to x-ray various parts of your body and show the corresopnding images on your iPhone / iPod Touch screen .
The app is essentially a party gag , and you ’d like to think that no one in their right minds would realistically think Apple built X - ray functionality into their products .
But then , you ’d be giving the public far too much credit .
To wit , take a look at some of the user reviews of the X - Ray app on iTunes .
“ I bought it thinking it would actually work .. was I stupid ?!
Its a huge fraud .
It ’s not your REAL x-ray , its a HUGE fraud .
Do n’t waste your money on this .
Its a huge fraud .
I really want my money back .
Its also really unclear and its stupid . ”
“ I was duped .
They can return my money ?
I thought it was a true x ray .
False and buy it now .
Give me my money please . ”
A slew of other user reviews express the same sentiment , with a good number of them being warnings to other users that the app is n’t real .
And here ’s some more proof that most people are technically clueless in the form of a video where a man asks random passerbys on the street what a web browser is .
Their answers are pretty ridiculous .
Like it or not , but these users represent the average tech user in America !
They do n’t know what multitasking is , they ’ve never heard of Engadget , and they sure as hell care more about a product that just works than they do about a list of impressive sounding specs .
You ’d be surprised how many people navigate to CNN via typing CNN.com into Google rather than typing it into the address bar .
These people , my friends , are the people Apple keeps in mind when it designs a product .
It might sound obnoxious to say , but Apple ’s stance on multitasking is essentially geared towards saving users from themselves .
If you ’re not down with that , then hey , that ’s perfectly understandable .
But do n’t expect Apple to cave in to the cries of geeks when the number non tech - savvy individuals are far more voluminous .
Is here .
I ’ll comment later .
See RA - 10 here and RA - 47 here
4 p.m. A couple of quick points .
Readers should understand that I have limited expectations from this sort of inquiry .
What I do expect is that the authors not make untrue statements that can be easily disproven .
( At least make them hard to disprove . )
Point 1 . Penn State President Spanier is quoted as saying :
“ I know they ’ve taken the time and spent hundreds of hours studying documents and interviewing people and looking at issues from all sides , ” Spanier said .
The only interviews mentioned in the report ( aside from Mann ) are with Gerry North and Donald Kennedy , editor of Science .
[ Since they are required to provide a transcript or summary of all interviews , I presume that the Inquiry did not carry out any other interviews . ]
What does Donald Kennedy know about the matter ?
These two hardly constitute “ looking at issues from all sides ” .
[ A CA reader observed below that “ North [ at a Rice University event ] admitted that he had not read any of the EAU e-mails and did not even know that software files were included in the release . ” ]
They did n’t even talk to Wegman .
Contrary to Spanier ’s claim , they did not make the slightest effort to talk to any critic or even neutral observer .
Point 2 . The Penn State Committee stated :
The so - called “ trick ” was nothing more than a statistical method used to bring two or more different kinds of data sets together in a legitimate fashion by a technique that has been reviewed by a broad array of peers in the field .
This is untrue on a variety of levels .
The “ trick ” is not a “ legitimate ” statistical method ; its essence is the failure to show adverse data .
See Climate Audit here or the DailyMail here .
Did they do any investigation of the “ trick ” ?
They do n’t even seem to have read the relevant Climate Audit post – only realclimate .
Point 3 . The Report states :
The allegation inquires about whether Dr. Mann seriously deviated from accepted practices within the academic community for proposing , conducting , or reporting research or other scholarly activities .
In 2006 , similar questions were asked about Dr. Mann and these questions motivated the National Academy of Sciences to undertake an in depth investigation of his research .
Similar questions may have been asked in 2006 but the National Academy of Sciences panel did not carry out an “ in depth ” investigation into whether Mann had “ deviated from accepted practices within the academic community for proposing , conducting , or reporting research or other scholarly activities . ”
Ralph Cicerone of NAS , together with Gerry North , drew up terms of reference that specifically excluded such an investigation .
This is discussed in CA post Sir Humphrey and the Boehlert Questions .
While the Science Committee had asked questions about MBH , Cicerone did not submit these questions to the NAS Panel .
Cicerone framed the terms of reference as follows ( See the Sir Humphrey post for context ) :
the committee will summarize current scientific information on the temperature record for the past 1,000 - 2,000 years , describe the main areas of uncertainty and how significant they are , describe the principal methodologies used and any problems with these approaches , and explain how central the debate over the paleoclimate temperature record is to the state of scientific knowledge on global climate change .
The committee will address tasks such as identifying the variables for which proxy records have been employed , describing the proxy records that have been used to reconstruct surface temperature records for the pre-instrumental period , assessing the methods employed to combine multiple proxy data to develop surface temperature reconstructions , discussing the geographical regions over which proxy data can be reliably extrapolated , and evaluating the overall accuracy and precision of such reconstructions .
When Hans von Storch showed the Boehlert questions in a PPT slide , it caused great consternation for the panel – many of whom had never seen the Boehlert questions – and they had a hard time deciding whether they would entertain von Storch ’s presentation on these matters .
Panelist Christy asked Mann whether he had calculated a verification r2 for the AD1400 step and what it was .
Notwithstanding overwhelming evidence that the verification r2 statistic for this step had been calculated along with the RE statistic , Mann famously said that he had not calculated a verification r2 statistic as that would be a “ foolish and incorrect reasoning ” .
No one on the panel asked Mann why he had shown verification r2 results for the AD1820 step or why it was calculated in the same step as the RE statistic – though they had been briefed on both points .
Instead , North and the panelists sat there like bumps on a log .
My contemporary post on Mann ’s presentation is here and noted :
Christy did ask Mann : “ Did you calculate R2 ? ” ‘?
Mann ’s answer was : “ We did n’t calculate it .
That would be silly and incorrect reasoning ” ‘?.
Whenever I hear this statement in my mind , the following phrase runs through my mind : “ I did not have r2 with that statistic , Miss Lewinsky ” .
We had discussed the verification r2 issue in considerable depth on the previous day , even showing a graphic in which Mann had shown verification r2 for the AD1820 step .
However , no one on the panel challenged Mann either about his claim that they did not calculate the r2 statistic or why it would be “ silly and incorrect reasoning ” ‘? to calculate the r2 statistic – a point which is not only not self - evident , but incorrect .
Perhaps the non-statistical panelists were reluctant to step into an area where they were not experts , given Mann ’s aggressive and dismissive response to Christy .
However , Nychka and Bloomfield , as statisticians , should have stepped here .
I ’ve pointed out Nychka ’s association with Ammann ( he is acknowledged in Wahl and Ammann [ 2006 ] ) ; Nychka is a decent guy , but he should have made way for an independent statistician .
Mann arrived at the NAS presentation shortly before his presentation and left immediately after answering the panel questions ( before any public questions . )
I criticized the panel at the time for not resolving the verification r2 issue that had been specifically mentioned in the very first letter from NAS to the Barton Committee .
North and the others sat there like bumps on a log .
After the session , Nychka came up to me and said that just because they did n’t say anything about Mann ’s verification r2 answer did n’t mean that they did n’t notice what had happened .
But then they did n’t deal with it .
Update : 11 pm : The Inquiry Report stated that Mann “ consented to the public release ” of the report .
RA - 10 says :
A written report shall be prepared that states what evidence was reviewed , a copy of all interview transcripts and / or summaries , and includes the conclusions of the inquiry .
The Inquiry Report says that their interview with Mann was recorded and transcribed .
Despite the RA - 10 requirement that the written report include a “ copy of all interview transcripts ” , the Inquiry Report did not contain a transcript of the interview with Mann .
The Inquiry Report stated that Mann provided a ten page supplemental written response to the matters discussed during his interview .
Contary to RA - 10 , this was not included in the written report .
The Inquiry Report said that Gerald North and Donald Kennedy were interviewed .
Once again , despite RA - 10 requirements , the Inquiry Report did not contain a transcript and / or summary of the interviews with North or Kennedy .
RA -10 said that the Inquiry Report should state “ what evidence was reviewed ” .
It also states :
Documentation in sufficient detail to permit a later assessment , if necessary , of the reasons for determining that an investigation was not warranted shall be maintained for a period of at least three years by the Vice President for Research and Dean of the Graduate School , and shall be made available upon request to any involved Federal agencies .
Here is how the Inquiry Report describes what evidence was reviewed :
It was agreed that these individuals would meet again in early January and that they would use the time until that meeting to review the relevant information , including the above mentioned e-mails , journal articles , OP - ED columns , newspaper and magazine articles , the National Academy of Sciences report entitled “ Surface Temperature Reconstructions for the Last 2,000 Years , ” ISBN : 0-309-66144-7 and various blogs on the internet .
Does the statement that they looked at “ journal articles , OP - ED columns , newspaper and magazine articles , the NAS report and various blogs on the internet ” constitute acceptable “ documentation ” at Penn State for a freshman essay , much less for an Inquiry Report required to provide “ sufficient detail to permit a later assessment , if necessary , of the reasons for determining that an investigation was not warranted ” .
Speaking of which – the only evidence said to have been considered by the Inquiry was what was already in the public record .
They did not examine any of Mann ’s correspondence that was not already on the public record .
RA - 10 states that “ Relevant research records , documents , and / or materials shall be immediately sequestered . ”
This does not appear to have been done .
The savage attack Israel ­unleashed against Gaza on 27 December 2008 was both immoral and unjustified .
Immoral in the use of force against civilians for political purposes .
Unjustified because Israel had a political alternative to the use of force .
The home - made Qassam rockets fired by Hamas militants from Gaza on Israeli towns were only the ­excuse , not the reason for Operation Cast Lead .
In June 2008 , Egypt had ­brokered a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , the Islamic resistance movement .
­Contrary to Israeli propaganda , this was a success : the average number of rockets fired monthly from Gaza dropped from 179 to three .
Yet on 4 November Israel violated the ceasefire by launching a raid into Gaza , killing six Hamas fighters .
When Hamas ­retaliated , Israel seized the renewed rocket attacks as the ­excuse for launching its insane offensive .
If all Israel wanted was to protect its citizens from Qassam rockets , it only needed to ­observe the ceasefire .
While the war failed in its primary aim of regime change in Gaza , it left ­behind a trail of death , devastation , ­destruction and indescribable human suffering .
Israel lost 13 people , three in so - called friendly fire .
The Palestinian death toll was 1,387 , including 773 civilians ( 115 women and 300 children ) , and more than 5,300 people were injured .
The ­entire population of 1.5 million was left traumatised .
Across the Gaza Strip , 3,530 homes were completely ­destroyed , 2,850 severely damaged and 11,000 suffered structural damage .
The UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees , tending to the needs of four million Palestinian ­refugees , stated that Gaza had been " bombed back , not to the Stone Age , but to the mud age " ; its inhabitants ­reduced to building homes from mud after the fierce 22 - day offensive .
War crimes were committed and possibly even crimes against humanity , documented in horrific detail in Judge Richard Goldstone 's report for the UN human rights council .
The report ­condemned both Israel and Hamas , but reserved its strongest criticism for Israel , accusing it of deliberately targeting and terrorising civilians in Gaza .
The British government did not take part in the vote on the report , sending a signal to the hawks in Israel that they can continue to disregard the laws of war .
Gordon Brown 's 2007 appointment as a patron of the Jewish National Fund UK presumably played a part in the adoption of this ­pusillanimous position .
One year on , the Gaza Strip , one of the most densely populated areas on earth , continues to teeter on the verge of a humanitarian disaster .
Israel 's ­illegal blockade of Gaza , in force since June 2007 , restricts the flow not only of arms but also food , fuel and medical supplies to well below the minimum necessary for normal , everyday life .
Reconstruction work has hardly begun because of the Israeli ban on bringing in cement and other building materials to Gaza .
Thousands of families still live in the ruins of their former homes .
Hospitals , health facilities , schools , government buildings and mosques cannot be rebuilt .
Nor can the basic ­infrastructure of the Gaza Strip , including Gaza City 's sewage disposal plant .
Today , 80 % of Gaza 's population ­remain dependent on food aid , 43 % are unemployed , and 70 % live on less than $ 1 a day .
Meanwhile , the so - called peace process cannot be revived because ­Israel refuses to freeze settlement ­expansion on the West Bank .
Prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu recently agreed to a temporary freeze of 10 months , but this does not apply to the 3,000 pre-approved housing units to be built on the West Bank or to any part of Greater Jerusalem .
It 's like two men negotiating the division of a pizza while one continues to gobble it up .
Politically , the disjunction between words and deeds persists .
Appeals to the Israeli government to lift or relax the blockade of Gaza were not backed up by effective pressure or the threat of sanctions .
In fact , the only effective pressure was applied by the US on the Egyptian government – to seal its border with Gaza .
Egypt has its own reason for complying : Hamas is ideologically ­allied with the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamic opposition to the Egyptian regime .
The tunnels under the border separating Egypt from the Gaza Strip bring food and material relief to the people under siege .
Yet , under US ­supervision and with the help of US army engineers , Egypt is building an 18 - metre - deep underground steel wall to disrupt the tunnels and tighten the blockade .
The wall of shame , as Egyptians call it , will complete the transformation of Gaza into an open - air prison .
It is the cruellest example of the concerted ­Israeli - Egyptian - US policy to isolate and prevent Hamas from leading the Palestinian struggle for self - determi­nation .
Hamas is habitually dismissed by its enemies as a purely terrorist ­organisation .
Yet no one can deny that it won a fair and free election in the West Bank as well as Gaza in January 2006 .
Moreover , once Hamas gained power through the ballot box , its ­leaders adopted a more pragmatic stand ­towards Israel than that enshrined in its charter , repeatedly expressing its readiness to negotiate a long - term ceasefire .
But there was no one to talk to on the Israeli side .
Israel adamantly refused to recognise the Hamas - led government .
The US and the European Union ­followed , ­resorting to economic ­sanctions in a vain attempt to turn the people against their elected leaders .
This cannot ­possibly bring ­security or stability ­because it is based on the denial of the most ­elementary human rights of the people of Gaza and the collective political rights of the ­Palestinian people .
Through its special relationship with the US and its staunch support for ­Israel , the ­British government is implicated in this shameful policy .
At present the British public is ­preoccupied with Tony Blair and the war in Iraq .
What is often ­overlooked is that this was only one aspect of a disastrous British policy towards the Middle East , inaugurated by Blair , and which shows no sign of changing under his successor .
One of Blair 's arguments used to ­justify the Iraq war was that it would help bring justice to the long - suffering Palestinians .
In his House of Commons speech on 18 March 2003 , he promised that action against Iraq would form part of a broader engagement with the problems of the Middle East .
He even declared that resolving the Israeli - ­Palestinian dispute was as important to Middle East peace as removing Saddam Hussein from power .
Yet by focusing international ­attention on Iraq , the war further ­marginalised the Palestinian question .
To be fair , Blair persuaded the Quartet ( a group consisting of the US , the UN , the EU and Russia ) to issue the Roadmap in 2003 , which called for the creation of an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel by the end of 2005 .
But President George Bush was not genuinely committed and only adopted it under pressure from his ­allies .
Ariel Sharon , Israel 's hard - line prime minister at the time , wrecked the plan by continuing to expand Israeli settlements on the West Bank .
Could Blair really not have realised that for Bush the special relationship that ­counted was the one with Israel ?
Every time Bush had to choose between Blair and Sharon , he chose Sharon .
Israel 's withdrawal from the Gaza Strip in August 2005 was not a contribution to the Roadmap but an attempt to unilaterally redraw the borders of Greater Israel and part of a plan to ­entrench the occupation there .
Yet in return for the unilateral withdrawal from Gaza , Sharon extracted from the US a written agreement to Israel 's ­retention of the major settlement blocs on the West Bank .
Bush 's support amounted to an abrupt reversal of US policy since 1967 , which regarded the settlements as illegal and as an obstacle to peace .
Blair publicly endorsed the pact , probably to preserve a united ­Anglo - American front at any price .
It was the most egregious British ­betrayal of the Palestinians since the Balfour Declaration of 1917 .
In July 2006 , at the height of the savage Israeli onslaught on Lebanon , Blair opposed a security council ­resolution for an immediate and ­unconditional ceasefire : he wanted to give Israel an opportunity to destroy Hezbollah , the radical Shi'ite religious - political movement .
One year later , in June 2007 , he resigned from office .
That day he was appointed the Quartet 's special envoy to Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
His main sponsor was Bush and his blatant partisanship on behalf of Israel was probably considered a qualification .
His appointment ­coincided with the collapse of the ­Palestinian national unity government , the reassertion of Fatah rule in the West Bank and the violent seizure of power by Hamas in Gaza .
Blair 's main tasks were to mobilise international assistance for the Fatah - dominated Palestinian Authority , to promote good governance and the rule of law in the Palestinian territories , and to further Palestinian economic development .
His broader mission , was " to promote an end to the conflict in conformity with the Roadmap " .
On taking up his appointment , Blair said that : " The absolute priority is to try to give effect to what is now the consensus across the international community – that the only way of bringing stability and peace to the ­Middle East is a two - state solution . "
His appointment was received with great satisfaction by the Israelis and with utter dismay by the Arabs .
In his two and a half years as special envoy , Blair has achieved remarkably little .
True , Blair helped persuade the Israelis to reduce the number of West Bank checkpoints from 630 to 590 ; he helped to create employment oppor­tunities ; and he may have contributed to a slight improvement in living ­standards in Palestine .
But the Americans remained fixated on security rather than on economic development , and their policy remains skewed in favour of ­Israel .
Barack Obama made a promising start as ­president by insisting on a complete settlement freeze on the West Bank , but was compelled to back down , ­dashing many of our high hopes .
One reason for Blair 's disappointing results is that he wears too many hats and cannot , as he promised , be " someone who is on the ground spending 24/ 7 on the issue " .
Another reason is his " West Bank first " attitude – ­continuing the western policy of bolstering Fatah and propping up the ailing Palestinian Authority against Hamas .
His lack of commitment to Gaza is all too evident .
During the Gaza war , he did not call for a ceasefire .
He has one standard for ­Israel and one for its victims .
His attitude to Gaza is to wait for change rather than risk ­incurring the displeasure of his American and ­Israeli friends .
As ­envoy , Blair has been inside Gaza only twice ; once to visit a UN school just ­beyond the border and once to Gaza City .
His project for sanitation in northern Gaza was never completed because he could not ­persuade the Israelis to ­allow in the last small load of pipes needed .
A growing group of western politicians has ­publicly acknowledged the necessity of talking to Hamas if meaningful progress is to be achieved ;
Blair is not one of their number .
Blair has totally failed to fulfil the ­official role of the envoy " to promote an end to the conflict in conformity with the Roadmap " , largely for reasons beyond his control .
The most ­important of these is Israel 's determination to perpetuate the isolation and the de-development of Gaza and deny the Palestinian people a small piece of land – 22 % of Mandate - era ­Palestine , to be precise – on which to live in freedom and dignity .
It is a policy that Baruch Kimmerling , the late Israeli sociologist , named ­" politicide " – the denial to the ­Palestinian people of any independent political existence in Palestine .
Partly , however , Blair 's failure is due to his own personal limitations ; his ­inability to grasp that the fundamental issue in this tragic conflict is not Israeli security but Palestinian national rights , and that concerted and sustained ­international pressure is required to compel Israel to recognise these rights .
The core issue cannot be avoided : there can be no settlement of the ­conflict without an end to the Israeli occupation .
There is international consensus for a two - state solution , but Israel rejects it and Blair has been unable or unwilling to use the Quartet to enforce it .
Blair 's failure to stand up for Palestinian independence is precisely what endears him to the Israeli establishment .
In February of last year , while the ­Palestinians in Gaza were still mourning their dead , Blair received the Dan David prize from Tel Aviv University as the " laureate for the present time ­dimension in the field of leadership " .
The citation praised him for his ­" exceptional intelligence and foresight , and demonstrated moral courage and leadership " .
The prize is worth $ 1 m .
I may be cynical , but I cannot help viewing this prize as absurd , given Blair 's silent complicity in Israel 's ­continuing crimes against the ­Palestinian people .
Avi Shlaim is professor of international relations at St Antony 's College , Oxford , and the author of Israel and Palestine : Reappraisals , Revisions , Refutations ( Verso , 2009 ) .
His fee for this article has been donated to Medical Aid for Palestine
About 10 days ago , Hilary Duff became engaged to hockey player Mike Comrie while on vacation in Hawaii , and now comes word that he spent over 1 million dollars on her ring .
At least that ’s what he told her just before his blowjob .
These pictures would be a really good ad for a jewelry store .
When we talk about benefits of things , there are always some benefits and some disadvantage of everything because nothing is perfect in this world and we have to see the brighter side of the picture to take benefit of everything .
And , in this pandemic , since people are going nuts , there are different ways of coping it and one of many and one of the easiest way is to get counseling .
You must be wondering that is counseling in Dubai , well it is a good load of talk between two people …
The family of the American activist Rachel Corrie , who was killed by an Israeli army bulldozer in Gaza seven years ago , is to bring a civil suit over her death against the Israeli defence ministry .
The case , which begins on 10 March in Haifa , northern Israel , is seen by her parents as an opportunity to put on public record the events that led to their daughter 's death in March 2003 .
Four key witnesses – three Britons and an American – who were at the scene in Rafah when Corrie was killed will give evidence , according the family lawyer , Hussein Abu Hussein .
The four were all with the International Solidarity Movement , the activist group to which Corrie belonged .
They have since been denied entry to Israel , and the group 's offices in Ramallah have been raided several times in recent weeks by the Israeli military .
Now , under apparent US pressure , the Israeli government has agreed to allow them entry so they can testify .
Corrie 's parents , Cindy and Craig , will also fly to Israel for the hearing .
A Palestinian doctor from Gaza , Ahmed Abu Nakira , who treated Corrie after she was injured and later confirmed her death , has not been given permission by the Israeli authorities to leave Gaza to attend .
Abu Hussein , a leading human rights lawyer in Israel , said there was evidence from witnesses that soldiers saw Corrie at the scene , with other activists , well before the incident and could have arrested or removed her from the area before there was any risk of her being killed .
" After her death the military began an investigation but unfortunately , as in most of these cases , it found the activity of the army was legal and there was no intentional killing , " he said .
" We would like the court to decide her killing was due to wrong - doing or was intentional . "
If the Israeli state is found responsible , the family will press for damages .
Corrie , who was born in Olympia , Washington , travelled to Gaza to act as a human shield at a moment of intense conflict between the Israeli military and the Palestinians .
On the day she died , when she was 23 , she was dressed in a fluorescent orange vest and was trying to stop the demolition of a Palestinian home .
She was crushed under a military Caterpillar bulldozer and died shortly afterwards .
A month after her death the Israeli military said an investigation had determined its troops were not to blame and said the driver of the bulldozer had not seen her and did not intentionally run her over .
Instead , it accused her and the International Solidarity Movement of behaviour that was " illegal , irresponsible and dangerous . "
The army report , obtained by the Guardian in April 2003 , said she " was struck as she stood behind a mound of earth that was created by an engineering vehicle operating in the area and she was hidden from the view of the vehicle 's operator who continued with his work .
Corrie was struck by dirt and a slab of concrete resulting in her death . "
Witnesses presented a strikingly different version of events .
Tom Dale , a British activist who was 10 m away when Corrie was killed , wrote an account of the incident two days later .
He described how she first knelt in the path of an approaching bulldozer and then stood as it reached her .
She climbed on a mound of earth and the crowd nearby shouted at the bulldozer to stop .
He said the bulldozer pushed her down and drove over her .
" They pushed Rachel , first beneath the scoop , then beneath the blade , then continued till her body was beneath the cockpit , " Dale wrote .
" They waited over her for a few seconds , before reversing .
They reversed with the blade pressed down , so it scraped over her body a second time .
Every second I believed they would stop but they never did . "
While she was in the Palestinian territories , Corrie wrote vividly about her experiences .
Her diaries were later turned into a play , My Name is Rachel Corrie , which has toured internationally , including to Israel and the West Bank .
Other foreigners killed by Israeli forces
Iain Hook , 54 , a British UN official , was shot dead by an Israeli army sniper in Jenin in November 2002 .
A British inquest found he had been unlawfully killed .
The Israeli government paid an undisclosed sum in compensation to Hook 's family .
Tom Hurndall , a 22 - year - old British photography student , was shot in the head in Rafah , Gaza , in April 2003 while helping to pull Palestinian children to safety .
In August 2005 an Israeli soldier was sentenced to eight years for manslaughter .
James Miller , 34 , a British cameraman , was shot dead in Gaza in May 2003 .
He was leaving the home of a Palestinian family in Rafah refugee camp at night , waving a white flag .
An inquest in Britain found Miller had been murdered .
Last year Israel paid about £ 1.5 m in damages to Miller 's family .
The attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 changed American politics forever .
But in spite of the warning signs raised by the U.S. intelligence community , the Bush administration seemed preoccupied with other issues , aloof to the alleged threat until the day both towers fell .
Why then , MSNBC ’s liberal host Keith Olbermann asked on Friday night , is it “ taboo ” to blame the Bush administration for allowing the deaths of nearly 3,000 Americans on their watch ?
ADVERTISEMENT
His conclusion :
For their lack of vigilance and because they “ did not prioritize , ” President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney are to be faulted for the attacks .
RELATED : O’Donnell shouts down ‘ enhanced interrogation ’ defender
Provoked by former Bush and Rumsfeld speechwriter Marc Thiessen ’s allegation that President Obama is “ inviting ” another attack , Olbermann noted that when President Bush was warned by the CIA that terrorists were targeting the United States and may be planning to use airliners , Bush replied , “ All right , you ’ve covered your ass now ” and proceeded to do nothing about it .
Joining him in the discussion was Lawrence O’Donnell , who had been cut off earlier that day by MSNBC ’s resident conservative Joe Scarborough in the midst of a tirade in response to Thiessen ’s claims .
O’Donnell , an MSNBC political analyst and former chief of staff to the Senate Finance Committee , held nothing back in his second shot at the former speechwriter ’s assessment of Bush - era terror politics .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Mr. Thiessen also claimed that torture , which , of course , he will not recognize by that word , saved Los Angeles from its own 9/11 , ” Olbermann began .
“ Is this that Liberty Tower , Library Tower , Liberia Tower crap again ?
Is that what he ’s talking about ?
Is this something else they ’ve made up ? ”
“ It ’s a very wearisome story that they refused to put away , ” O’Donnell began .
“ It has been debunked time and time again .
Timothy Noah on Slate , every time it comes up , he very patiently lays it out again as he did today , that the arrest of the ring leader of this so - called plot occurred the year before the waterboarding occurred of Sheikh Mohammed , and which they now claimed we got the information to stop the plot that had already been stopped .
And the FBI has said this is ludicrous , that it did not happen .
The FBI does n’t believe the so - called plot even could have been carried out . ”
At the time , intelligence officials attributed the claim of a foiled attack on the Library Tower in Los Angeles — which Bush called the “ Liberty Tower ” — to political posturing , suggesting it had been nothing more than talk .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The FBI has always thought that this was not a serious threat and whatever it was , was stopped a year before the torture that produced the evidence according to this guy , ” O’Donnell said .
“ Why is it OK in polite company to say Mr. Obama is inviting attack , but you still can`t say that Mr. Bush not only invited attack but he sent the night watchman home ? ”
Olbermann asked .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Keith , it ’s unconscionable to me , ” his guest replied .
“ You know , I mentioned his oath of office to him because I took an oath of office to work in the Senate .
It changes your relationship to the institution and to the government .
And there are things after that , the places you do n’t go .
You do n’t go to the spot that says this sitting president of the United States is trying to get this country attacked .
You do n’t go where Dick Cheney went in the 2004 campaign , saying John Kerry would allow an attack .
You do n’t go to those places .
And it is just unconscionable to see someone do it after taking an oath of office to serve this country . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown with Keith Olbermann , broadcast Friday , Feb. 12 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Morning Joe , broadcast Friday , Feb. 12 , 2010 .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Hackers have mailed 21,000 customers of iPhoneUnlockUK to remind them the company uses unlicensed software , and that their details have been compromised .
E-mails were sent out to customers of the iPhone unlocking service , with claims that iPhoneUnlockUK is guilty of stealing software and selling it illegally .
The mail goes on to recommend that customers demand their money back from the company .
i PhoneUnlockUK did have its servers hacked back in February , at which time customer details including e-mail and physical addresses were copied and the website was defaced .
Since then the company has changed hosts ( from Fasthosts to Rackspace ) and tells us that it has n't suffered any further breaches .
Credit card transactions are handled by a separate company so no financial details were compromised .
But those e-mail addresses do provide access to the user 's accounts , which are not password protected .
That means a list of handset serial numbers , and when they were unlocked .
i PhoneUnlockUK provides an unlocking service for iPhones , but utilises software created by volunteers known as the iPhone Dev Team .
The licence for that software prohibits commercial use , and the company admits it should n't have made use of it initially but that since then its attempts to work with the Dev Team have been rebuffed .
The company claims to provide a value - added service , technical support and suchlike , to those who do n't want the complexity of downloading and running the software themselves .
The Dev Team sees the company as parasites lining their pockets with the work of others while pretending to have developed the software themselves .
The hacker , who emphasises the Dev Team are n't involved with the mailing , has obviously got bored trying to think of something more interesting to do with the data so has mailed everyone to let them know that they spent money on something that they could have got for free . ®
Oakland International Airport in California began separating paper , cardboard and bottles from airport trash in 2003 .
Since adding food scraps to the list in 2004 , it handles 455 tons a year , diverting 37 percent of its waste from landfills , said Rosemary Barnes , the airport spokeswoman .
The airport has also cut in half the number of trash pickups each month , helped in small part by the Silver Dragon Cafe , a new restaurant tenant that uses compostable food containers .
Image Darrell Halsell , a custodian , checked recycling chutes at Oakland International Airport in California .
Credit ... Noah Berger for The New York Times
“ I recognize to make a difference , it comes from the top down , ” said Lilly Mar - Chee , the restaurant ’s owner , who acknowledged it was difficult to decide to spend 10 to 20 percent more for the containers , made from potato starch , while opening a business during the economic downturn .
“ We are committed to using resources in a sustainable way . ”
Even when recycling is available , airport procedures can sometimes make it hard for travelers to use it properly .
At Portland International Airport in Oregon , officials discovered that 48,000 to 78,000 recyclable bottles ended up in the trash annually because they had been discarded at security checkpoints .
“ The public does a really good job in general , but when we came to the checkpoints there ’s all kinds of liquids in the trash , ” said Stan Jones , the environmental compliance manager at the airport .
The airport installed liquid dumping stations at the checkpoints , allowing travelers to pour out unused liquids and reuse or recycle the bottles .
Mr. Jones said liquid collection was an environmental decision with an economic benefit .
With more bottles being recycled , trash containers are lighter and fewer custodians are needed to remove them .
“ There ’s a number of benefits , ” he said .
“ People can empty their bottle and take it through security .
The other is we ’re getting liquids out of recycling and out of the garbage . ”
While a few airports have contacted Portland about following its lead , many more are establishing or refining recycling programs .
At Newark Liberty International Airport , all tenants must recycle basic materials , according to Susan M. Baer , director of aviation for the airport ’s operator , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
“ How you achieve it ? ” Ms. Baer asked about getting people to think about the environment .
“ By growing generations of people who want to recycle and making it possible for them to do so . ”
Researchers say child death rate has plummeted in the last 30 years , thanks to ' improvements in social care systems '
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The number of violent deaths among children in England and Wales has fallen by almost 40 % in the past 30 years , according to a report by researchers from Bournemouth University .
Between 1974 and 2006 , the number of children aged 14 and under who are killed annually fell from 136 to 84 , says the study , which was shown to the BBC ahead of publication later this year .
As a proportion of the child population , the death rate nearly halved from 32 to 17 per million children .
Prof Colin Pritchard , from the university 's school of health and social care , told the BBC : " Thirty years ago England and Wales were the third or fourth highest child killers in the western world , but we 're now fourth lowest .
" There 's been a gradual decline in these terrible events . "
The study examined nine other developed countries , with most showing similar reductions .
Spain had the lowest violent death rate , at four deaths per million children , with Italy on five .
The US figure was highest at 47 deaths per million , with Germany second highest at 21 .
Pritchard said improvements in social care systems , along with a greater focus on child poverty , had helped lower the death rate .
" When these things go wrong , it is very often because the usual good working together has actually broken down , " he said .
Im not sure if they 've had a particularly good day on the bribes front , beaten some women in matrimonial disputes , or been on the increasingly popular Vodka , but they seem very happy .
A strategist at the Deutsche Bank had something interesting to say last week regarding the economic crisis in southern Europe .
“ The problems currently faced by peripheral Europe could be a dress rehearsal for what the U.S. and U.K. may face further down the road , ” Jim Reid , a strategist at Deutsche Bank in London , wrote in a research note today .
It seems impossible that what is going on in Greece has anything to do with America .
After all , Greece has defaulted on its debts so often over the last two centuries that you could almost set your watch to it .
It was always contained in the past because Greece 's economy is so small , so why would this time be different this time ?
And yet , it is n't contained this time .
It is spreading and no one knows how far it might go .
Contagion :
The likelihood of significant economic changes in one country spreading to other countries .
This can refer to either economic booms or economic crises .
The first time the term " Tequila Effect " was used in reference to economics was after Mexico defaulted on its foreign debt in August 1982 .
In response , international banks stopped lending to all of Latin America .
The result was a currency and fiscal crisis from the Rio Grande to Patagonia and everywhere in between .
What did Argentina have to do with Mexico other than both speak Spanish ?
Nothing .
That 's how contagion works .
It does n't have to make sense .
There are only two emotions in the markets - fear and greed .
Both of those emotions can overcome reason and logic in a split second .
Both of these emotions are self - reinforcing .
Contagion tends to happen in periods of economic stress .
When Austria 's largest bank , Creditanstalt , went bankrupt in 1931 its effects swept around the world .
Within a few weeks Britain was forced off the gold standard and credit dried up to Wall Street banks .
The event turned an economic downturn into the Great Depression .
The best example of contagion is also the most recent - the 1997 Asian Currency Crisis .
On July 2 , 1997 , Thailand was forced to devalue its currency .
It did n't get much news coverage because Thailand 's economy was so small ( GDP around $ 500 billion ) .
But the financial markets noticed , and panicked in spite of the fact the global economic condition was relatively strong at the time .
Within a few months hundreds of millions of working class people were suddenly thrust into poverty .
The contagion kept spreading , like an organism seeking out a weak host .
It eventually claimed the economies of Russia and Argentina , even though they had absolutely nothing to do with Thailand .
Which brings us back to Europe .
Contagion usually takes the form of a flight of capital .
This is what happened in Asia in 1997 , Russia in 1998 , and what is happening today in Greece .
A staggering € 8 bn - €10bn ( £ 7 bn - £ 8.7bn ) may have been taken out of Greece by private investors since it became engulfed by economic turmoil in November .
" In the last four to six weeks a lot of money has been moved abroad ; I 've heard extraordinary figures , " analyst , Kostas Panagopoulos said .
" People are moving funds either because they do n't trust our banking system , want to avoid what they fear will be taxes on deposits or are simply anxious about the future of our economy . "
Like Thailand , Greece has a relatively small economy ( GDP $ 350 billion ) .
Compared to the economies in the rest of Europe , its troubles should n't be more than a nuisance .
Yet Spain felt it necessary to point out the obvious last week .
“ Spain ’s situation is not like that of Greece , not in terms of public debt nor in terms of economic strength , ” Ms. Salgado said in an interview with La Cope radio .
Click image to enlarge
Spain 's economy has melted down as fast as Greece 's has , but it started from a far stronger position .
Regardless , the markets are demanding far higher returns on loans to Spain than just a week ago .
Spain 's problem is that it is next door to Portugal .
Portuguese government bonds weakened Wednesday after the country 's debt agency sold fewer 12 - month Treasury bills than planned at an auction as investors required sharply higher yields than at the previous auction two weeks ago in low volume demand .
What happened here was that Portugal suddenly yanked back on their bond sale , not because they did n't need the money , but because if they had offered the full amount there may not have been enough buyers .
That 's called a failed auction , and it usually happens right before a country defaults .
Click image to enlarge
What all these countries have in common is that they are all PIGS .
That 's the unpleasant term that the financial markets are using for Portugal , Ireland , Greece , and Spain .
Being a member of this exclusive club has its disadvantages .
Fears of sovereign debt contagion across the eurozone sent European markets sharply lower on Thursday as negative sentiment spread to Wall Street with US markets also hit by worse than expected jobless data
European and UK stock markets fell more than 2 per cent , with Portuguese and Spanish stock markets leading the declines with falls of 5 per cent or more .
Investors also sold sovereign debt in these periphery eurozone countries and sought the safety of the dollar and US Treasuries .
Reflecting those concerns , the western Europe Markit SovX index , which measures the cost of insuring against the risk of default , widened beyond 100 basis points for the first time amid heavy buying in the sovereign credit default swap market .
CDS spreads on Portugal hit record highs , up 28 basis points to 222 basis points , while Greek credit default swaps rose 21 basis points to 412 basis points , heading closer to records of 421 basis points reached in January .
The most immediate concerns for the markets is domestic resistance to austerity measures .
In Portugal it was parliament that defeated extreme cutbacks in social programs .
In Greece , it is the looming threat of massive , and violent , strikes .
It should be noted that technically , the troubles did n't start with Greece .
They started when Dubai defaulted .
It may or may not be a coincidence that the central bankers of the world are right now having a secret meeting in Sydney .
Representatives from 24 central banks and monetary authorities including the US Federal Reserve and European Central Bank landed in Sydney to meet tomorrow at a secret location , the Herald Sun reports .
...
" This does feel like '08 and '07 all over again whereby we had these sort of little fires pop up and they are supposedly contained but in reality they are not quite contained , '' said H3 Global Advisors chief executive Andrew Kaleel .
" Dubai should have been an isolated incident and now we are seeing issues with Greece , Portugal and Spain . ''
Speaking of little fires , its a good idea to keep an eye on Latvia , a nation with the same population of Dubai .
Since the global credit crisis started in 2007 , Latvia 's economy has shrunk by 25 % and is expected to shrink another 4 % this year .
Meanwhile , the IMF is demanding that the Latvian government cut its spending another 6 % .
This cannot continue much longer without a popular backlash .
The scale of this building sovereign crisis cannot be understated .
Unless it gets contained quickly we could be looking at the next leg down in a global margin call .
The EU 's refusal to offer Greece anything beyond stern words and a one - month deadline for harsher austerity – while admirable in one sense – is to misjudge how fast confidence is ebbing .
Greece 's drama has already metastasised into a wider systemic crisis .
The world risks a replay of the Lehman collapse if this runs unchecked , this time involving sovereign dominoes .
The scale matches America 's sub-prime / Alt - A adventure and assorted CDOs and SIVS of the Greenspan fling .
The parallels are closer than Europe cares to admit .
At the very same time that this crisis is hitting , the bailouts of the world are ending .
Both the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England are about to cut off their quantitative easing .
They are n't alone .
It may seem counter - intuitive for the bailouts and stimulus to be cut right when a global economic crisis is building , but it is n't .
The sovereign debt crisis we are now witnessing is because of the bailouts .
More deficit spending will just increase the financial pressure .
What we are witnessing is a limit to the Keynesian solution .
Steven Strogatz on math , from basic to baffling .
I have a friend who gets a tremendous kick out of science , even though he ’s an artist .
Whenever we get together all he wants to do is chat about the latest thing in evolution or quantum mechanics .
But when it comes to math , he feels at sea , and it saddens him .
The strange symbols keep him out .
He says he does n’t even know how to pronounce them .
In fact , his alienation runs a lot deeper .
He ’s not sure what mathematicians do all day , or what they mean when they say a proof is elegant .
Sometimes we joke that I just should sit him down and teach him everything , starting with 1 + 1 = 2 and going as far as we can .
Crazy as it sounds , over the next several weeks I ’m going to try to do something close to that .
I ’ll be writing about the elements of mathematics , from pre-school to grad school , for anyone out there who ’d like to have a second chance at the subject — but this time from an adult perspective .
It ’s not intended to be remedial .
The goal is to give you a better feeling for what math is all about and why it ’s so enthralling to those who get it .
So , let ’s begin with pre-school .
Video
The best introduction to numbers I ’ve ever seen — the clearest and funniest explanation of what they are and why we need them — appears in a “ Sesame Street ” video called “ 123 Count With Me . ”
Humphrey , an amiable but dim - witted fellow with pink fur and a green nose , is working the lunch shift at The Furry Arms hotel , when he takes a call from a room full of penguins .
Humphrey listens carefully and then calls out their order to the kitchen : “ Fish , fish , fish , fish , fish , fish . ”
This prompts Ernie to enlighten him about the virtues of the number six .
Children learn from this that numbers are wonderful shortcuts .
Instead of saying the word “ fish ” exactly as many times as there are penguins , Humphrey could use the more powerful concept of “ six . ”
As adults , however , we might notice a potential downside to numbers .
Sure , they are great time savers , but at a serious cost in abstraction .
Six is more ethereal than six fish , precisely because it ’s more general .
It applies to six of anything : six plates , six penguins , six utterances of the word “ fish . ”
It ’s the ineffable thing they all have in common .
Viewed in this light , numbers start to seem a bit mysterious .
They apparently exist in some sort of Platonic realm , a level above reality .
In that respect they are more like other lofty concepts ( e.g. , truth and justice ) , and less like the ordinary objects of daily life .
Upon further reflection , their philosophical status becomes even murkier .
Where exactly do numbers come from ?
Did humanity invent them ?
Or discover them ?
A further subtlety is that numbers ( and all mathematical ideas , for that matter ) have lives of their own .
We ca n’t control them .
Even though they exist in our minds , once we decide what we mean by them we have no say in how they behave .
They obey certain laws and have certain properties , personalities , and ways of combining with one another , and there ’s nothing we can do about it except watch and try to understand .
In that sense they are eerily reminiscent of atoms and stars , the things of this world , which are likewise subject to laws beyond our control … except that those things exist outside our heads .
This dual aspect of numbers — as part - heaven , and part - earth — is perhaps the most paradoxical thing about them , and the feature that makes them so useful .
It is what the physicist Eugene Wigner had in mind when he wrote of “ the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics in the natural sciences . ”
In case it ’s not clear what I mean about the lives of numbers and their uncontrollable behavior , let ’s go back to the The Furry Arms .
Suppose that Humphrey suddenly gets a call on another line , from a room occupied by as many penguins as before , also clamoring for fish .
After taking both calls , what should Humphrey yell out to the kitchen ?
If he has n’t learned anything , he could shout “ fish ” once for each penguin .
Or , using his numbers , he could tell the cook he needs six orders of fish for the first room and six more for the second room .
But what he really needs is a new concept : addition .
Once he ’s mastered it , he ’ll proudly say he needs six plus six ( or , if he ’s a show - off , 12 ) fish .
The creative process here is the same as the one that gave us numbers in the first place .
Just as numbers are a shortcut for counting by ones , addition is a shortcut for counting by any amount .
This is how mathematics grows .
The right abstraction leads to new insight , and new power .
Before long , even Humphrey might realize he can keep counting forever .
Yet despite this infinite vista , there are always constraints on our creativity .
We can decide what we mean by things like 6 and + , but once we do , the results of equations like 6 + 6 are beyond our control .
In mathematics , we ’ll see in the coming weeks , our freedom lies in the questions we ask — and in how we pursue them — but not in the answers awaiting us .
Notes :
For the Sesame Street video , see “ Sesame Street – 123 Count With Me ( 1997 ) . ”
It is available for purchase online in either VHS or DVD format .
For the famous essay on the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics , see :
E. Wigner ,
“ The unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics in the natural sciences , ” Communications in Pure and Applied Mathematics , vol . 13 , No. I ( February 1960 ) , pp. 1 - 14 .
A pdf version is here .
For a passionate presentation of the ideas that numbers have lives of their own and that mathematics can be viewed as a form of art , see : P. Lockhart , “ A Mathematician ’s Lament : How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form ” ( Bellevue Literary Press , 2009 ) .
Thanks to Sesame Workshop , and to Carole Schiffman for her comments and suggestions .
Remember how I said I was done writing about Magic ?
I changed my mind .
Kill Reviews will continue after a long hiatus , but in a different format then before , so check back in a couple weeks - ish .
I entered the Great Designer Search 3 .
Because the essay submission deadline is closed , I 'm allowed to share the ( obviously correct ) answers ; because of the last one , I doubt I will advance very far .
1. Introduce yourself and explain why you are a good fit for this internship .
Hi , I ’m Jesse Mason .
I ’m where I am because of Magic .
Literally .
About five years ago , I was alone and feeling hopeless in rural upstate New York : I had just lost my job , had no real friends in the area , and all my potentially - productive time went toward playing Elves on Magic Online and writing about the game on my blog .
What I did have a network of friends that I knew from Magic .
After being told , “ you should move to Seattle ! ” over and over , I realized I had no real reason not to do that .
So I did , and immediately fell in love with the area , its people , and its vibrant Magic community .
I was a hardcore tournament player , but really , those tournaments were just an excuse to live inside Magic : meaning testing it with friends , talking about it constantly , scribbling decklists on scraps of paper , trying not to get banned from MTGSalvation .
( Well , I did n’t try super hard . )
Unusually for a tournament player , I could honestly take or leave playing the game itself .
What I wanted was to demonstrate my complete understanding of the game , its theory , and its metagame .
After I moved , I got a full - time job staring at Magic cards for Card Kingdom .
I used my off time to write Kill Reviews , a comprehensive review of the design of every Magic block , and my biggest personal source of pride ( well , either that or hitting Diamond in League of Legends ( Janna owns ) ) .
There ’s a difference between just having opinions about Magic design , and having experience writing long - form analyses of its design , researching it , defending those opinions ( or changing them ) .
I ’d like to think that I ’m the second most - read author about Magic ’s design history , slightly behind Maro with perhaps 1/10,000th his readership .
I ’ve already transformed from some guy who thinks about the game , to someone who writes about its design .
I ’d love the opportunity to go the final step into helping to design it myself .
2 . An evergreen mechanic is a keyword mechanic that shows up in ( almost ) every set .
If you had to make an existing keyword mechanic evergreen , which one would you choose and why ?
Cycling .
One of the defining aspects of Magic is that players have some choice over their cards ( by building decks ) , but never perfect choice of what ’s in their hand .
This gives the game its variance and therefore , its fun , but it ’s also what makes some cards completely useless at different times .
No one truly enjoys a game where one player has a hand full of spells they can’t cast , and holding two Shatter against a deck with no artifacts is n’t providing the thrill that keeps people opening packs .
In its simplest form ( such as in Urza ’s Saga ) , Cycling just helps those issues in a straightforward way .
Sets like Onslaught take it further , making it into a mechanic that can do , well , pretty much anything : you have options of casting the card versus cycling it for a different effect , or you can build around it with cards like Astral Slide .
One of the best parts of Shards of Alara was how everyone got cycling , but only Grixis had the benefit of tying it in with its incredibly cool graveyard theme .
Its Future Sight - esque Viscera Dragger made a simple common with two keywords and no other text into a constructed staple .
Amonkhet used it again , and very well , but it did n’t push it in too many new directions : it had Cycling matters build - arounds a la Onslaught , and some graveyard tie-ins a la Shards , but mostly it just smoothed things .
Abandoned Sarcophagus , which combines the two , deserves its own shout - out for brilliance .
Every set should have at least a few cyclers .
Then , every now and then , when a set has a new “ Cycling matters ” variant , intrepid deckbuilders will go back and reevaluate every single card with the mechanic to come up with amazing Modern , Legacy , Commander , and casual decks .
This will lead to more fun games , especially limited , because tossing away useless cards puts people in better position to cast their spells .
And casting spells is rather important in Magic .
3 . If you had to remove evergreen status from a keyword mechanic that is currently evergreen , which one would you remove and why ?
4 . You 're going to teach Magic to a stranger .
What 's your strategy to have the best possible outcome ?
5 . What is Magic 's greatest strength and why ?
6 . What is Magic 's greatest weakness and why ?
7 . What Magic mechanic most deserves a second chance ( aka which had the worst first introduction compared to its potential ) ?
8 . Of all the Magic expansions that you 've played with , pick your favorite and then explain the biggest problem with it .
9 . Of all the Magic expansions that you 've played with , pick your least favorite and then explain the best part about it .
10 .
You have the ability to change any one thing about Magic .
What do you change and why ?
Make Magic less corporate .
Each layer of bureaucracy added to a company makes it harder to do anything ; specifically , anything new .
It ’s like trying to pass a law in the Senate : you do n’t just have to convince a majority of people that it ’s good , you first convince them it ’s worthy enough to discuss in a committee .
And then three more committees .
Then you convince 60 % of people to back it , when half of them do n’t understand what all the kids ’
Itcoins and Fuddy Spinners are about .
It ’s time that Magic does n’t just follow trends ( three years late , because of development cycles ) , but create them .
Make something new and original without endless market research about how middle - aged Iowans will react to it .
Let creative people make good sets , and get out of the way .
One response to this is “ that ’s not about Magic design , ” but it absolutely is .
Treating players like big bags of money waiting to get spilled affects everything about game design .
You do n’t have to make endless sequels because they ’re sure - fire sellers .
You do n’t have to copy The Avengers because it ’s a popular movie franchise .
You do n’t have to make memes into creature types because you think it ’ll increase sales with tweens .
The change I ’d make is the answer to the basic question of , “ what is a good Magic set ? ”
A good Magic set is one that players will not just buy because they still play Magic or because there ’s a new card they want , but because it ’s going to show them something original .
A good Magic set is one that people will still be admiring 25 years from now because of how much it innovated .
Magic used to be like this .
I ’m not saying early Magic was better .
It was n’t .
But a company can get bigger while still retaining its fiery , innovative spirit .
One thing people search for now is the vague idea of authenticity .
Authenticity drives what ’s cool , and coolness drives sales .
Anyone experienced in Magic can look at cards from the last five years and see that the game has lost that .
I ’d like to offer a fistbump in solidarity to the person tasked with reading these answers , who ’s going to pore over thousands of people ranting about Hexproof .
I ’ll go against the grain and say Reach .
Reach makes very little sense .
It ’s half of Flying , and not even the cool part .
Defensive creatures are sometimes necessary , but not as many of them are needed compared to aggressive or utility - oriented ones ; a set requiring a slot for a defensive creature that also hoses flying is rare .
It ’s punishing to new players .
If a player has a cool small flyer , and their opponent has something with Reach , our hero ’s creature may as well lose flying as far as attacking is concerned .
There ’s not even a unifying look or theme to Reach : it ’s Spiders , sure , but also Archers ( which historically could also symbolize First Strike ) , and even a Cobra .
A Cobra !
It ’s difficult to look across the table and know , at a glance , who has Reach .
Not everyone has “ Spider = Reach ” burned into their brain , especially when there ’s about one spider ever two sets now .
There ’s so many other ways to hose flyers .
You could make them lose flying , you could Jump creatures during other plays ’ turns , you could deal damage … lots of things that are n’t Reach .
“ But wait ! ” , I hear the Hexproof - rant - reader exclaim .
“ What identity will Spiders have without Reach ? ” Honestly , Reach is holding Magical arachnids back .
They ’re so many things in fantasy : they ’re scary , they trap and eat things , they come either as a mass of thousands or as one huge one .
Spiders have symbolized malevolence countless times .
Alpha ’s Giant Spider ensnared these infamous invertebrates into the web of always being 2/ 4 Reach creatures .
This prevents them from being the predatory , poisonous , nightmare fuel - beings they deserve to be .
Magic should recast them as natural - born Vampires , sucking the lifeforce from their victims .
Get them into a game .
That ’s only five of my 350 , but that ’s all that Magic needs to convince people it ’s cool .
I tell people the absolute bare minimum of information necessary to shuffle up and start a game , then explain everything else as it comes up : the phases of the turn , combat , spells , etc .
Then we play a couple more games , with them internalizing more concepts as we continue .
Everything after that , I customize to what kind of person they are , and what most excites them about Magic .
Just like elementary school teachers have to modify their teaching style to their students , because everyone processes information differently , those of us introducing Magic to others have to let them lead the way .
Magic has so many cool aspects to it : the flavor behind what ’s happening , the strategy of cards interacting with one another , the probabilities behind what gets drawn , the before - game decisions about what cards to play , the incredible art on the cards … as a recovering tournament player , I ca n’t force someone to enjoy Magic exactly how I want to enjoy it .
If they ’re interested in all the different things cards can do , and get excited about making something themselves , I guide them through making their first deck with some pre-selected piles of cards .
If they ’re more the technical type that enjoys the games themselves , I ’ll just bring two new decks that we ’ll trade off playing against one another , so that they learn more strategy each time .
If they enjoy the fantasy lore more than anything , I ’ll find someone else to teach them .
John Peel was a legendary BBC radio DJ , and his favorite band was the long - running post - punk band The Fall .
His famous quote about them was : “ they are always different ; they are always the same . ” Magic ’s biggest strength is exactly that .
Once you ’ve learned Magic , you ’ve learned Magic ; you can come back to it a year or a decade after you quit , and a lot of things will be different , but the core gameplay will always be there .
There have been lots of times over the years that , for one reason or another , I set aside Magic for a while .
Usually it was because another interest was occupying my mind at the time : a video game , basketball , or deciding to really try to get into ~ film ~ .
Every time I ’ve gotten back into it , the game was constantly able to shock me .
Even the most mainstream tournament Standard deck had jaw - dropping cards I ’d never seen before , strategies that seemed unprecedented and unbeatable .
In a way , that experience of seeing all of the game at once made me want to stop playing every now and then , just to get that sort of super - spoiler - season where I saw a year ’s worth of metagame developments all at once .
But when someone does decide to get back into it , it ’s so easy : you just show up to a draft , gasp at the cool cards , and pick whatever strategy seems fun and possible at the moment .
Then with one draft , there ’s no way you wo n’t be sucked into doing a second , and a third , then building a constructed deck around your favorite strategy .
Once you ’ve gotten into Magic once , it ’ll affect your thinking for the rest of your life .
You ’ll never truly leave it .
Even when I went years between sanctioned formats , it still felt like Magic was there in my brain somewhere , like an old favorite book collecting dust on the shelf .
Every game I tried , I would compare things in it to Magic .
Long - time players can leave Magic , but it does n’t leave us .
Cost , and ease of finding other players .
I used to think it was the learning curve of the game .
Then I got into League of Legends .
The learning curve of that game is like if the only way to play your first game of Magic was to enter into a thousand - person Grand Prix , and when you ’re opening your first pack , everyone is telling you to hurry up and finish your mana base ( or some other phrase you do n’t understand ) .
But somehow , League of Legends is the most popular computer game in the world .
A hundred million people have overcome its learning curve , because if you have the time , you can always learn .
It ’s free , it ’s a click of a button from finding teammates and opponents , and you ’ll get better by playing more .
Magic does n’t have those advantages .
While experienced Magic players know how to build a Standard deck for under $ 100 , inexperienced ones will be intimidated by people with a Cadillac worth of cards in a binder that do n’t even get used .
Others will see that $ 100 deck and be baffled at the idea that they can get a small fraction of a game for $ 100 instead of a complete experience for $ 60 ( or $ 0 ) .
Even if you have money , you have to be in physical proximity of a card store ( or another place with tournaments ) , and have the time to go there .
What if you work retail or food service late into Friday night , as many people in my generation do ?
What if you ’re a social , fun - loving person , and you want to , well … have a Friday night ?
You ’re out of luck .
This was n’t such a big deal when Magic was newer .
Now that Magic has competition from games that can be played for any price , anywhere on the planet , at any time , it really is .
Champion .
Lorwyn was such a brilliantly design set that it gave itself a strange problem : it did n’t really need many mechanics .
Champion is an incredibly cool idea , wasted in a nearly - flavorless Lorwyn implementation that just gave the caster Some Creature .
The idea of Champion , in its mechanical essence , is that something is completely consumed inside another thing .
This does n’t just have to be harmlessly making an Elf into a bigger Elf : what about the sci - fi trope of some alien consuming something else ?
In some Lovecraftian setting , you could have a Human championed into some twisted creature with a human somewhere inside it .
Something like The Mimeoplasm could champion multiple creatures into one horrifying thing .
Not a single Lorwyn Champion got different abilities or stats based on what it Championed , and that ’s huge untapped design space .
Not only could it be expanded out of a specific tribe , it could be expanded out of creatures entirely : a Legendary land could Champion a basic to symbolize a momentous battle being won on that land ; similarly , a random equipment could become the signature weapon of a planeswalker .
Why limit it to one type ?
Just like Ixalan had cards that transformed into other types , a non-creature permanent could Champion a creature to symbolize retaining the essence of that creature , but moving past its physical form .
For example , a demon trapped in an adventurer ’s sword .
Just like Fading begat Vanishing , the resulting mechanic does n’t necessarily need to be called Champion .
A body horror implementation could be Consume , a mechs - fitting - together implementation could be Upgrade , etc .
People love Lego - esque mechanics almost to a fault , and Champion could be a great way to give them that feeling again .
Innistrad mishandled white in three different ways .
First , Innistrad is a horror set , and there was little horror in white ’s cards .
They were valiant vampire slayers , spirits , and angels .
For Innistrad to really commit to horror , white needed to join in and be horrific .
A look at The Dark shows just how to do it : Jesper Myrfors designed the white cards in the set to be about the evils of organized religion , and cards like Preacher , Tivadar ’s Crusade , and Blood of the Martyr scare me more than any vampire can .
This was the most notable time that Magic really showed us the evil that white could do .
Innistrad should have replaced its noble fighters with paranoid , persecuting , intolerant zealots .
It somehow made ghosts that did n’t even try to be scary !
Second , it did n’t have distinct enough themes to be as interesting in draft as other colors .
Every color pair had some really cool synergistic archetype , but white mostly had aggro variants .
A fliers deck with blue ( Spirit tribal / fliers matter was underdeveloped ) , humans with green ( which was really a Travel Preparations deck with no human synergy ) , scarier humans with black ( the sacrifice theme did n’t work till Dark Ascension ) ... and red / white just got nothing .
Rally the Peasants did n’t have the work put into the environment to make it draftable like Spider Spawning or Burning Vengeance did .
Third , its implementation in Innistrad handicapped the block ’s narrative development .
The story arc was supposed to be : things are bad , things get worse , Angels save everyone .
But this was mishandled the whole way : very little distinguished Innistrad from Dark Ascension ; the latter felt like Innistrad DLC .
All of the “ good guys ” in white should have been moved from Innistrad to Dark Ascension , so that players notice a real shift .
It would have felt like white ’s gradual narrative progression of conquering evil ( including in itself ) , rather than the deus ex machina that Avacyn Restored was in almost a literal sense .
Avacyn Restored did an amazing job of integrating its flavor themes with its mechanics .
In a huge percentage of sets throughout Magic ’s history , the keyword mechanics are completely isolated from , or have a tenuous connection to , the flavor and the storyline : Buyback , Cycling , and Kicker are all amazing mechanics , but they are just words on cards .
They mean nothing outside of what they do in - game .
I have n’t done the first bit of reading about the story behind Avacyn Restored , but I do n’t need to ; it ’s right there on the cards : Everything Is Angels .
Just like players are on the brink of death before they topdeck Bonfire of the Damned , Innistrad seems to be falling victim to all sorts of nasty things .
Then , the Miracle happens and everyone is saved .
Black ’s non-keyword Loner mechanic tells players that the previously - insurmountable forces of evil now are all isolated and outmatched by Angels .
Where previously there were a couple Demons that were all upside for the player casting them , now the Demons require more , making players sacrifice their own creatures to continue on .
This really makes players who choose to use them feel the trade - offs of enlisting the only things that can reasonably fight against Angels .
It ’s rare for a set to fully incorporate any of its mechanics into its flavor like this .
For a set to tell its entire story through nothing BUT mechanics is extraordinary .
Later sets have tried to do this every time ; they ’ve certainly established themes using it ( like Ixalan ’s Explore ) , but only Avacyn could tell a narrative .
In Denmark , it 's legal to make copies of commercial videos for backup or other private purposes .
It 's also illegal to break the DRM that restricts copying of DVDs .
Deciding to find out which law mattered , Henrik Anderson reported himself for 100 violations of the DRM - breaking law ( he ripped his DVD collection to his computer ) and demanded that the Danish anti-piracy Antipiratgruppen do something about .
They promised him a response , then did n't respond .
So now he 's reporting himself to the police .
He wants a trial , so that the legality of the DRM - breaking law can be tested in court .
However , in the period up to today , Henrik heard nothing from Antipiratgruppen , although their lawyer Thomas Schlüter did speak to the Danish press , saying that it was a political matter but had nevertheless reported the issue to the Association of Danish Videodistributors for consideration .
In response , their chairman , Poul Dylov , said they would have a meeting to decide whether to report the matter to the police .
Antipiratgruppen said it would reply to Henrik by they date he requested .
It seems they have broken their promise and strangely are insisting that they never received the email that Henrik sent them on the issue …
Henrik told us : " But who should I follow ?
Those that determine the laws in this country ?
Or those who are lawyers for the companies that i'm committing a crime against ? "
But Henrik has a solution to their inaction .
" I decided to try to see if I can report myself directly to the police , for the case must be resolved , " he told us .
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
Where two years ago everyone was talking about ' casual ' games , now they 're all talking about ' social ' games .
Key developers have recently attracted some very big numbers .
This article is not really about Zynga itself , but rather examining what underpins their business model , the likely threats to which it must adapt and how Zynga – as standard bearer of the social game community – will likely fare in the coming year .
As Zynga goes , so the rest of the social game market tends to follow .
The first thing to say is that the people running Zynga are both very smart and competitive .
They have streaked ahead of all of their competition by applying a relatively simple strategy of picking up on gaming trends , copying them quickly and then maximising every avenue of Facebook to spread their message thoroughly .
Zynga currently has 4 times as many monthly active players in their games as their next closest rival .
To look at the distribution of players on an Appdata.com chart , you would be forgiven for thinking that there was an error in the metric reportage , such is the disparity .
It 's also important to understand something about ' social games ' :
Most of them are not social .
They tend to be single or multi-player games that use social networks ( mostly Facebook ) as an easy way to drive player adoption .
What the industry is calling ' social games ' are more accurately described as ' viral games ' .
The focus of most viral game developers is maximising trends .
Trends rise and fall quickly in response to player boredom , retention is king , and developers spend much of their time reminding players to play , to invite their friends , to post stories from the game to their profiles , and other activity designed essentially to not let the player forget to come and play .
Viral gaming relies a lot on ways to grab or nudge players ’ attention .
Like any third party game publisher they are reliant on the benevolence of their platform holders ( primarily Facebook ) and the market conditions that their platform has engendered .
This has resulted in predominantly short - term thinking .
Viral game development is a battleground of very simple and usually cloned games , interruption marketing tactics , push - to - the - limit tactics to jog players into returning to play , and a lot of scrambling to be on the next trends as fast as possible .
Viral game developers , such as Zynga , have little or no commitment to developing deep or rich game experiences because the market has not really rewarded that kind of activity .
However that lack of depth is precisely the reason why viral gaming is showing signs of weakness typical in any runaway success .
Zynga this week received investment of $ 180 m from DST , a Russian venture capital firm ( which also owns a small share of Facebook itself ) , and this signals the end of something and the beginning of something else .
The big question is this :
Is it the beginning of the end ?
Or is it the end of the beginning ?
Product Differentiation ( or Lack Thereof )
“ Let me point out to you guys :
There ’s got to be some reason why FarmVille has grown to 28 million daily active players and the next one , Farm Town , has five million and is not growing , right ?
If all that we were doing is everyone was copying each other then why is it that some are growing and some are n’t ? ”
Mark Pincus in a recent television interview on MSNBC ’s “ Press : Here ”
What ’s interesting about Zynga and their competitors is that there is almost no differentiation between their games .
This has happened gradually over time , with companies originally starting out with their own unique rosters of games and slowly amalgamating their catalogues to the point that they are carbon copies of each other .
Whether poker , pets , fish tanks , farms , or mafia simulators , each game type is replicated almost identically .
There are some subtle variations , but they do n’t really amount to anything of significance .
There are no viral game developers that have next - generation or revolutionary game designs that they alone wield .
Mark Pincus ’s quote above suggests that Zynga ’s games must have an inherent difference that other similar games do not but they really do n’t .
Secondly , all of the main developers have a “ social bar ” , which is the technical term for a set of links displayed above or beside each game to cross - promote players into other games .
All the major developers have such a system in place , usually at top of each game page or ( in Playfish ’s case ) to the left .
So that means the only real differences between the viral developers are :
Advertising strategy
Their willingness to exploit Facebook ’s virality features
Ability to cross -promote within games .
Quality of internal metrics
So the secret to Zynga ’s success , and the model that all the other developers practise to a lesser degree , is as simple as this :
Spend heavily on on - platform advertising to acquire players .
Exploit Facebook ’s virality features as much as possible .
Zynga ’s games are very aggressive in this regard .
They push notifications , invites , reminders and requests more than any other game developers .
Reward players based on attention rather than challenge .
With the possible exception of Poker , all Zynga ’s games are n’t at all challenging but rather are a build - and - wait simulation model .
Use metrics in as Darwinian a fashion as possible to root out what works and what does n’t as fast as possible .
Zynga , unlike many developers , actively kills applications or change them quickly depending on what the market is telling them .
Zynga has way more players than their competitors because they spend more to get them , and when they have them they constantly remind and reward returning behaviour , and lastly kill any channels that just are n’t working .
It ’s a very un-subtle strategy but entirely appropriate for the landscape and the platform that Facebook created , and the only reason that Playdom and Playfish have not kept pace is smaller or no advertising spend and an unwillingness to exploit virality to its fullest .
Zynga are simply more competitive and they use what amounts to a very successful ad - spam strategy to buy player attention in any way that they can .
But Zynga ’s model can only continue to work under these conditions :
If Facebook does n’t significantly change the platform
If player growth remains constant
If advertising remains effective
If game quality remains equivalent
If trends remain easily copied
Kick enough of those legs out from under the Zynga table and they – and their competitors who have the same mindset that they do – could well be in for some tough times .
It just so happens that this is exactly what ’s about to happen .
Changes : Opting
In vs. Opting Out
There are two important parts to building any successful viral application :
It has to spread and it has to be retained .
Spreading without retention is the typical path of quiz applications and strictly casual games .
They tend to fly up the charts and subsequently decline just as quickly .
On the other hand , applications that do n’t spread but retain well tend to be boutique games like Battle Stations , Vikings of Thule or Tennis Mania which have small and loyal audiences but are unlikely to ever be blockbusters .
Getting an application to spread requires novelty and is fashion - driven .
There ’s no point making a farm game these days because everyone is sick of farm games and a new entrant will find it hard to spread .
Playfish ’s Country Story only has 10 % of the audience size of FarmVille and is in decline , and their Poker Rivals game is performing very poorly in the engagement stakes ( 9 % DAU to MAU compared to Zynga ’s steady 24 % ) .
Both simply came way too late to the party , and I suspect their forthcoming Mafia game will not go far either .
Getting an application to spread also requires interruption .
Zynga have demonstrated with Café World , Fish Ville and now Pet Ville an uncanny ability to build millions of players in only a few days .
How ?
They cross -promote from other games and buy large blocks of advertising to spread the word .
This works best in the current environment if you have the money to do it .
Retention is then the prime opportunity to monetise , but also a major source of sustained growth .
The prime techniques for achieving high retention are :
Notifications to players , which appear mixed in with notifications about discussions they are having with friends on Facebook , tagged photos and other items .
So players cannot fully ignore them .
Notifications from specific applications can be blocked but many Facebook players do n’t really know how to do that .
Requests from players .
Players can send requests from inside applications to one another .
It is unclear whether this behaviour is entirely player - controlled .
Requests also appear all within a mix of other kinds of requests ( like event invites and friend requests ) .
They too can be blocked if a player knows how .
Stream publishing .
Some casual games push high scores to Facebook profiles ( this is actually quite effective for short periods of time ) and others publish more rounded game stories .
The Facebook implementation tends to reward a default behaviour of choosing to publish because it involves a pop-up dialog and two buttons , one coloured ( publish ) and the other grey ( skip ) .
Bookmarks .
Players can bookmark a favoured application so that it becomes easy to access from the Bookmarks bar .
Fan updates .
Applications can be ‘ fanned ’ by players .
Becoming a fan of an application gives that application the ability to send messages to the Updates part of a player ’s Inbox , and also subscribes them to the applications stream publishes , just like Facebook Pages .
Messaging .
A recent addition is allowing players to directly message each other from inside other applications and have that go into the player ’s Inbox rather than as Requests .
Invites .
Inviting your friends to play a game .
Invites are among the oldest and most controlled mechanism to date because many early developers abused them when the Facebook Platform first launched .
Some games use mechanics in which players must have a certain number of ‘ neighbours ’ in order to progress in the game .
This is tantamount to making players invite their friends to play .
It also causes strangers to add each other as friends just to gain game advantage .
E-mail .
Also a recent addition , developers can request players ’ e-mail addresses as a way to further contact them .
Most of these systems are based around an opt - out structure .
A player can choose to block them but in the majority of cases the players are more likely to simply ignore or put up with them rather than actively deal with them .
That may lead developers to think that that is fine , but when opt - in systems are over - used to remind players , they leave a sense of poor experience and a feeling of being the victim of spam .
And that reflects badly on Facebook itself .
Facebook ’s solution is to replace most of these opt - out systems with opt - in equivalents .
They are allowing players to have much more control over whether applications gain permission to contact them at all , which means that applications cannot spam their way to success .
This change , combined with another update of the Facebook home page design , is really very significant .
Going back to the list above , here ’s what ’s changing :
Third party applications are no longer getting access to notifications .
Instead a new system called ‘ Counters ’ will allow applications to remind players to come back and play , but with two restrictions :
The material that may be posted is more restricted than before , and players must bookmark an application before it can send them counters .
This change is extremely important because notifications were essentially a free advertising channel for developers like Zynga .
Tying counters to bookmarks means that applications will have to work hard to be bookmarked .
This is why most viral games are very prominently encouraging players to bookmark at the moment .
It is unclear at this time if requests will be similarly policed .
At the moment it seems not , but it is likely that some developers will over - use them – as they did with notifications – and force Facebook to take action .
Stream publishing remains but with one big caveat : Applications must contain explicit options for players to publish before they hit the publishing dialog .
This is will kill an awful lot of needless publishing from players .
Bookmarks will be improved .
It looks like they will become more visible and more will be allowed .
Fanning is unchanged .
As with Bookmarks , every app is encouraging players to become fans .
The up - take on this seems to be around 10 % of the monthly active players .
Most applications do not yet use the Updates feature of Fan Pages , so it remains to be seen whether players start de-fanning applications that do , or whether they embrace that kind of communication .
Messaging is an addition to help developers because of the departure of notifications .
Messages have to be explicit and have restrictions of only one - player - to - one - player however , so they wo n’t be mass - spam devices .
Invites remain but are even more constrained .
Applications are no longer permitted to use them as the default entry screen for players .
Players must choose to invite rather than be cajoled into doing so .
Gating is being banned .
E-mail , like messaging , is being offered as a salve to developers concerned by the loss of notifications .
I personally suspect that developers who use e-mail like their own personal spam - advertising mailing list are going to quickly discover that e-mail is totally ineffective for that kind of conversation .
Additionally , Facebook have promised to step up their compliance policing significantly to make sure that developers are not breaking the rules , and banning applications that do either until they are made compliant or permanently .
So for Zynga the real issue here is that they cannot really nudge players to return to applications nearly as easily as they used to .
This is a big problem because they , and their competitors , are not sitting on catalogues of games which are good enough that they naturally encourage players to return and play them of their own accord .
Viral gaming up until this point has largely been a game of distribution plays rather than content plays , which is why the developers do n’t really spend a lot of time on the depth of their games .
In online gaming such as massive multiplayer games or first - person shooters players do not need nudging to come back and play again and again because the experience of playing is so good that they choose to return .
No Facebook game comes anywhere close to offering that .
They are closer to idle distractions .
Games of that nature simply do not register significantly with players and opting - in to receive information from any kind of product or service tends to make players much choosier about who can contact them than opting - out does .
Population : The End of Endless Growth and the Rise of Veterans
Facebook continues to blow away the competition in country after country , adding 0.5 m players a day across the world , many of them game players .
Mark Pincus has called this a social revolution based on a new spirit of playing together , of finding new friends and new connections , making new shared memories , building social connections and so on .
All of these are laudable statements , but most of them are fantasy .
Players do n't , on the whole , play Mafia Wars in a social fashion , nor do they play Restaurant City in the mould of family board games .
Viral gaming ’s success is much easier to explain :
It 's new .
What Facebook enables is the introduction of web gaming to normal people for the first time .
This is why relatively ordinary game concepts like poker , virtual pet simulators , farming games and simple role - playing games have managed to penetrate so far .
Taken in context , they 're all as brand new as the equally simple Wii Sports was when Wii first launched .
In any completely new game environment , unsophisticated games tend to rule the roost because players spend time being delighted by the strangeness of it all .
The problem is that delight fades , and nothing stays new forever .
Novice players start to develop expectations , and become veterans .
This effect applies equally to hardcore gamers , poker players , casual gaming housewives or any segment of game players except young children .
Viral game developers behave as though there is an endless supply of novices , but of course there is n’t .
More accurately , there is due to population renewal , but the replacement rate of veterans with novices in stable markets is usually a lot lower than we ’re currently seeing in the Facebook market , and that ’s all because of Facebook ’s meteoric growth .
Games Workshop , Nintendo , Mattel and Hasbro are examples of companies that have figured out how to manage a stable , renewing population of players .
They 've done so by finding or developing great , lasting games that build reputations that spread across the generations by encouraging veterans to initiate new novices .
Zynga ’s games are not being built with renewal in mind .
They are experiences built to appeal to novices and they inherently assume that novices are all there is .
So they are simple to play , undemanding , lack challenge or consequence , and rely on time - oriented tasks .
They may not realise it but Zynga , Playdom and Playfish ( and others ) are quietly educating millions of novices to expect more and then not delivering it to them .
Facebook 's growth rate is slowing down .
It will likely hit 400 m players by next March but may well never reach 500 m players .
So the number of novices who are impressed by very simple applications is going to fall and the number of expectant veterans will rise .
The veteran mindset is more demanding , sophisticated and selective .
Veterans diversify .
They have less interest in playing what everyone else is playing and more interest in playing the perfect game for them .
This is fatal for a market in which the content is completely undifferentiated , as viral gaming is .
Game developers relying on mass audiences will increasingly find it difficult to compete with identikit software .
Veterans will feel that they have already played such games to death .
They will want something more .
Veterans are also choosy sharers :
When people first started to use Youtube they used to share every video they discovered .
Now , Youtube users and their peers have become used to the everyday Candid Camera clips that litter Youtube , and so they want video that is worth their attention .
What was fun at the novice level is boring to the veteran .
Novices are thus most likely to share gaming content to all of their friends where veterans will only do so selectively .
Veterans share as a means of expression and identity .
What you share says something about who you are , and so the risk of bad sharing is that of damaged reputation .
Few veterans want a reputation as a spammer .
So they no longer pass on every Youtube clip that comes their way to all of their friends .
Instead they share selectively to groups and individuals that they think will really like the shared item .
It takes a Susan Boyle moment to overcome that kind of filtering .
Advertising : The Saturation Problem
Zynga has assembled the largest player base of any viral developer partly through acquiring customers via on - platform advertising .
Reportedly they have spent at least $ 50 m doing so .
In most contexts online advertising is ineffective and the Facebook environment has stayed true to form .
Zynga overcome this with sheer spending power :
Even the most ineffective advertising does get at least some engagement , even if it is only 1 % .
Online advertising tends to attract novices who do n’t easily distinguish between platform and advert and tend to be more trusting .
Veterans tend to unconsciously filter adverts away from their attention unless they are well targeted and personally relevant .
As a result , entertainment ( such as games ) is particularly difficult to sell purely through advertising unless you plan to use mass advertising at a colossal scale ( as Hollywood has proven ) .
Products generally appeal to players on the basis of solving a problem .
This usually means a functional problem or a lifestyle problem , everything from fashionable socks to cheap flights to New York .
This means that they can target and establish personal relevance based on like - for - like data .
Google have made a fortune with text - matching advertisements for products and blogs by realising this , and Facebook ’s own advertising is best at micro-targeting advertisements based on profile information about location , interests and etc that users have entered .
So the loop of successful online products and services is finding a problem that some people need to have solved , solving it for them , and then telling them about that .
Games ( and movies , books , music , etc ) do n't solve problems .
They may , in retrospect , help solve a problem that the player never knew they had , but players do n't start looking for entertainment in a problem - solving mindset .
An interest in some subjects may help you target advertisements with partial success in targeting , but for most games that really does n’t translate into anything meaningfully useful .
Like - for - like data usually translates into boredom .
To be entertained , a customer needs to be surprised .
Entertainment must take us somewhere new or we quickly lose interest .
This means a compelling and different story is essential , a lot of attention from media helps , and you need an advertisement or message that will punch through to people based on mass interest with enough of a budget to make it stick .
It also means that an increasingly veteran audience will be less likely to pay attention .
So Zynga will have to spend more to acquire them , which leads to a cycle of further saturation , lack of interest and lowering ad engagement .
This is why Zynga ’s recent investment haul of $ 180 m makes sense .
They need the money to market like they ’ve never marketed before .
That strategy will eventually fail , however , because the games being advertised are still shallow .
Zynga may well get into more interesting marketing messaging ( such as big competitions ) but veterans eventually realise that these are just more tricks , and so will only interact as far as is necessary to obtain their bribe or just ignore them completely if they feel the bribes are not worth it .
The only real way out of this saturation problem lies in smaller - scale , sexier and more remarkable development , slower building of true fan - bases and building self - marketing software .
This is very different from the trend - hopping , advertising - and - trick - sharing poor - software - quality strategy which viral developers have thus far employed .
Such an approach does not require deep marketing pockets and has been proven to work in the online game space before ( EVE Online , Runescape , Puzzle Pirates , for example ) but it ’s a completely different way of approaching the whole market based on doing something different rather than copying everyone else .
One for which I think none of the currently big developers really have the patience .
Equivalent Quality : The Problem with Formulaic Thinking
All the excitement over Facebook and Zynga reminds me of the Atari era :
When Atari invented Pong they realised that they were onto a good thing .
They quickly established a platform that players really liked and proceeded to open the doors to other developers .
Initially there were some good and interesting games but , as Atari 's platform matured , poor quality software became a problem .
Novices who were impressed that they could play Pong in their living room morphed into veterans who got tired of Pong clones .
The nascent game industry , high on the quick fortunes that it was making , did n't handle this at all well and continued to simply churn out product to cash in on trends .
Deals were struck , games became an easy secondary revenue stream for the movie industry , and the publishers and the platform owners focused on extracting value rather than creating it .
An over - saturation of bad product led to a crash because the companies involved in the boom were convinced that games were a digital form of fast food .
During certain periods in the history of gaming platforms , some companies have stumbled onto a way to churn content toward undemanding players and reap rewards for a period of time .
They get into the mindset that content is a “ special sauce ” and distribution is what really matters .
And so the whole point of the games industry becomes the inventing and copying of digital Big Macs , Chickens Royale and a Fillets o Fish and shoving it down as many throats as possible before the other guy does .
Competitors prefer to let each other do the heavy lifting of inventing , jump on the most promising trends with their own versions , and then really rely on distribution and marketing to win through .
A fast food formula consists of several elements :
Broad appeal .
A key game mode .
A mechanism to monetise players .
A return path .
In viral games these correspond to :
Simple concept games .
Run a farm .
Feed your fish .
Play Poker .
The role - playing mode .
All successful viral games incorporate role - playing levels and experience points , which give players goals to work toward .
The mechanism is virtual currency .
And the return path is reminders , notifications , etc .
When you have this in place you simply crank the handle .
There 's just one small problem : games are not fast food .
Consumers never get bored of hamburgers because they have a biological urge to eat and – provided they do n't overdo it – they will always enjoy a familiar taste of a burger .
Consumers may find that they prefer a burger from one chain over another and switch brands , but they often stick to the one they know best , so the reach of the distribution chain is what really matters .
Players do , however , get bored of Pong .
Even if they utterly love the game for a time , 99 % of players eventually get bored of Pong .
They get bored of clones of Pong too .
They do n't just switch from one Pong clone another .
Instead they start to look for more from Pong - type games , driving their expectations , and - when Pong has nothing else to give , they stop playing the Pong genre .
Player boredom is not easily solved .
In the short term it can be achieved by instituting a few tweaks in a successful game or genre , running competitions to attract re-engagement , or other similar behaviour .
However veterans eventually get wise to that kind of behaviour .
Continuous development and expansion tend to work better , which are key advantages of online games over retail games , but they too have limits if the core of the game is essentially thin .
Players also do not have to play games .
That 's what Atari discovered too late : Players simply stopped buying into the platform at all .
They got bored of being served the same few games in different packaging and moved on .
As with Atari , the risk to Zynga is the fallacy of thinking that equivalent quality is just fine because it assumes that players are always looking to play .
They 're not .
Novice players are currently consuming all sorts of games on Facebook because they are new .
The software quality of viral games is generally low but players do n't seem to care for the moment .
So in response , all of the major developers are simply serving the same five or six games in different packaging and they are all scrambling like crazy playing the distribution game , much like fast food chains do with their beef , chicken and fish sandwiches .
When developers assume that the task at hand is to simply get their version of a game in front of a player ’s eyeballs before the competition and that quality does n’t really matter , they are flirting with disaster .
Viral game developers really do seem to believe that the only way for the adoption and profit graph to go is up because players are always looking to play .
Economists call that kind of thinking " irrational exuberance " .
There is also no guarantee that a player will simply change and play a different game .
A lot of the Zynga strategy seems to revolve around pushing players from one game into another and betting on this being an eternally repeatable process .
By convincing themselves that the game business is all just a matter of winning at distribution , developers forget to create real value .
They assume that equivalent value among their peers is enough because players are unable to go elsewhere .
They are , of course , utterly wrong .
There really is nothing stopping players from simply going elsewhere to be entertained because the Facebook audience is not a captive audience .
Bucking Trends : When Someone Makes a Great Game that is Hard to Clone
The other risk is the developer who creates a game that ca n’t be easily copied .
Part of why the fast food model is so compelling is the assumption that the equivalent quality will remain more or less as - is and that any new games that come along can be fairly easily copied .
In the Atari era this was true because the platform had hard physical limits on what it could achieve , both internally in the silicon and externally in the one - button joystick .
The Facebook platform is far less constrained .
Role - playing games are among the easiest of all games to copy .
The role - playing game mechanic is incredibly simple at heart :
A player is simply set a series of goals and a number of activities to reach that goal , and the rest of it is just time .
World of Warcraft players call this “ grinding ” .
In games like World of Warcraft and EVE Online , grinding has a purpose :
The character that you build or the spaceship that you ’ve bought is intended to be used to overcome a tough challenge like a quest or a space battle .
On the other hand , in FarmVille grinding is essentially all there is .
You work your farm day and night assembling money to buy new stuff to put in your farm , which enables you to grind in different ways to earn more money to buy more stuff ... and so on .
The big difference between the Warcraft style of grinding and the FarmVille style of grinding is the need for game balance .
Game balance in World of Warcraft is a horribly complex feat of engineering , testing and design which , even after seven years , Blizzard still obsessively correct and re-correct with every major release .
On the other hand , FarmVille has no game balance at all .
All that needs to be changed is a few quantities or timer lengths that players particularly complain about .
It ’s entirely up to the player how long they want to spend harvesting virtual wheat to buy a tractor after that .
Grind - only role - playing games also consist of essentially one game mechanic : Acquire more stuff to unlock more stuff which , when acquired , will unlock even more stuff .
Everything else is just customisation .
Customisation is a bit important as it allows players to express their creative side , such as building their own unique farm , but customisation tends to become less interesting as a motivation once the novelty wears off .
Anecdotally , many players in Restaurant City initially spend time laying out their dream restaurant until they realise that it is inefficient .
So , eventually , all players end up creating sushi bars because they are the most efficient layout .
Games which require no real game balance combined with single - mechanic game structures are incredibly easy to study and copy .
It took Zynga less than three months to ramp up Farm Ville after Farm Town appeared , less time to create Fish Ville after CrowdStar ’s Happy Aquarium showed its appeal , and Mafia Wars likewise cannot have taken that long to ramp up .
These games have since had further development in public but it ’s the time it takes Zynga to go from a standing start to a first , reasonably playable , release that allows them to turn on the marketing machine and jump on forthcoming trends .
Even the one apparent exception to this observation , Poker , actually conforms to this rule .
The only actual difference between Poker games on Facebook and other role - playing games is that they incorporate a slightly more complex resolution mechanic ( the Poker playing ) .
The goal is still much the same , i.e. acquiring levels and virtual stuff , and the game mechanic used to perform resolution is just Poker .
Poker is completely generic and easy to clone .
So the big problem that Zynga has on the development front is a developer who comes along with a game that they can’t immediately decode and replicate .
For example :
Real - time or Turn - based strategy .
It takes a lot of effort to make a desktop tower defence game that feels good , and likewise to make a turn - based strategy game that is n’t rubbish .
Zynga used to have its own strategy game which performed poorly because it simply was n’t very interesting , and it ’s hard to just create a strategy game on spec .
Physics - based games .
A lot of Flash casual developers are getting very good at making action and physics based games , and some of these are starting to show up on Facebook .
Physics is not easy to copy quickly because it takes a lot of time and testing to get the ‘ feel ’ factor right .
Content - heavy games .
Games with stories , puzzles , adventure elements , production values and so on are not that easy to just make .
Hard simulation games .
The difference between FarmVille and The Sims is massive and it ’s all because Farm Ville has no deep rewards and little emergence whereas The Sims has a much more elaborate and emergent structure that keeps players interested for years .
With each of the four examples above , the key difference is time to market .
FarmVille got to market in only 12 - 16 weeks , but a first - release copy of a great strategy game could easily take 28 - 36 weeks – probably more – to get anywhere near good .
That 's too late to jump on a trend , as Playfish 's late entries in poker and farming show .
The viral developers thus have a very big problem :
They have little internal culture that rewards taking the time to do good game development , and so any new developers that come onto the scene that do will start to draw in veteran players in a way that the viral companies cannot easily match .
Viral developers , being ultimately trend - hoppers , are no good as trend - setters .
For example :
Vikings of
Thule is attempting to create a role - playing game with complex combats that require active participation .
It is currently very small and probably too niche to attract mass interest , but it is interesting .
Civilization , the famous strategy game , will be appearing on Facebook next year and is likely to prove a highly celebrated cross -over game .
Civ has sophisticated and complicated game mechanics while at the same time being quite accessible .
It stands a very good chance of changing many players ’ expectations about what Facebook games can be .
Short Term / Long Term
Fundamentally the problem that Zynga has is that it has spent all of its time acquiring players and no time turning them into real fans .
They ’re only thinking short term , and have much the same attitude toward players as amusement arcades once did – extract value quickly and move on .
As a result they are failing to do the most important thing that any internet - based company must do :
Build a following .
Entertainment is like dating .
You should always strive to be sexy .
Sexiness is all about creativity , credibility , charisma and character .
Sexy people are at the forefront .
Sexy people have a sense of mission and identity that they have made their own .
Sexy people are personal , interested and responsive .
Sexy people flirt with you .
They do n't rip you off .
They do n't make you feel used .
And in return , sexy people develop followings .
Smart sexy people make you feel loved .
Really smart sexy people continually reinvent themselves and still bring their original followers along for the ride .
Viral game companies are not sexy .
Their brands and core values are generic brands that nobody wants to date and values that are entirely based on commercialism of a short term opportunity .
The only people who find viral game companies sexy are the investment community and startup news sites like Mashable because of the earnings and valuation speculation .
To be sexy in games means going to the edges of mainstream experience and finding something that brings interested people along for the ride .
Games Workshop has been at the edge of the board and war gaming industry for a long time by cleaving to a dark style and a compelling game world , and their audience is loyal enough to spend hundreds of pounds per year on lead figurines .
Blizzard has been at the edge of videogames by laying down a stamp of " done when it 's done " messaging to development and forming a distinctive character to every game they do .
They 've been so successful that World of Warcraft by itself is often held responsible for sucking all the money out of PC retail games .
Zynga has no sex appeal .
They make generic games with generic names ( Restaurant / Cafe / Bistro / Hospital / Farm / Monster Town / Ville / City / Village / Country / Story / Wars ) and un-ambitious vision .
Their games are neither inherently memorable nor compelling .
For most players , they ’re just something to pass the time .
Their challenge , therefore , is to take what they have learned so far and invest in the future .
If Facebook are making deep changes to their platform and handing the opt - out power back to players , then Zynga cannot survive by just looking for another way to trick and spam players back into FarmVille .
They need to take their $ 180 m investment and use it to build a real following .
They could build a portal , independent from Facebook , or even a competing social network to become their own platform .
Alternatively they could invest in larger , better games or more complex and complete virtual worlds .
They could broaden out to smaller , more indie and creatively - oriented developers and become an aggregator or partner network .
Such a strategy would result in better and more diverse content .
Realistically though , I think they plan to do none of those things .
I think what they will actually do is spend the $ 180 m on trying to replicate their previous viral success through increased advertising spend .
Maybe Zynga can figure out a way to leverage Facebook ’s own ads to target to players as reminders .
That would be much more in - character for a company as competitive and in - the - now as Zynga has proven itself to be .
Zynga ’s coffers are deep , as are Playdom and Playfish ’s , but at the heart of their model are some deep weaknesses that are going to let a lot of the air out of their Fast Food business models .
The audience expectations are going to shift , the key factors enabling the business model likewise , and while it ’s been a great short term success this year , viral gaming does n’t seem to have any more easy wins left .
Now comes the hard part .
Diversification , experimentation and deep design breeding interesting ideas do not grow on trees and companies need to commit to them to see them through .
Right now that ’s not the Zynga way .
Twelve months from now it will be the companies that have managed to diversify , build strong followings and create real value that will be the new darlings of the scene .
Those that do not adapt will still be there but their story will be one of difficulty .
As social games come to the end of their beginning , Zynga is increasingly look like an Atari - era publisher leading the charge but unlikely to capitalise in the longer term because they ’re too busy thinking they ’re in the burger business .
( you can follow me @tiedtiger on Twitter )
According to Nvidia GDC 2010 sessions plan , next major add - on for EVE Online , popular sci- fi space MMO game , known as “ Incarna ” or “ Walking on Stations ” will use APEX Clothing module for character clothing simulation .
Physically Simulated Clothing in Eve Incarna Using NVIDIA APEX
In this session , we will demonstrate how CCP added physically simulated clothing to their Eve Incarna characters using NVIDIA ’s APEX Clothing .
We will demonstrate , step by step , the full authoring pipeline , from DCC tools to final integration into the game engine .
This session introduces the full NVIDIA APEX suite of artist friendly tools and runtime libraries ( Clothing , Destruction , Particles , Turbulence & Vegetation ) , which significantly speed up creation and inclusion of scalable , dynamic content without a large engineering effort .
Previosly know as “ Ambulation ” , than “ Walking on Stations ” and now “ Incarna ” project is supposed to pare capsuleer pilots out of their ships and put them into stations – for the first time .
( currently , players have no ability to control their actual avatars , only space ships )
Update : APEX Clothing and EVE Incarna – first look from GDC 2010 .
[ 18.08.10 ] Update # 2 : Carbon technology blog from CCP , and accompanying video .
Katrín skiptir um nafn flokksins
Formaður Vinstri grænna mun skipta um nafn á hreyfingunni á árinu .
Mun hreyfingin svara nafninu „ Ósjálfstæðisflokkurinn – Hægri svartur kolareykur ” eftir breytingar .
Meira af Alþingi .
Bílastyrkur Alþingismanna verður aflagður og þess í stað samið við Skutlarana sem er alræmd grúbba á Facebook sem selur aðallega ungmennum banvænt lyfseðilskylt stöff ásamt bjór og áfengi í skjóli þess að um ólöglega leigubílastarfsemi sé að ræða .
Einnig verður í kjölfarið stofnuð Facebookgrúbba varðandi ólöglegan flugrekstur og dópsölu réttindalausra bíl - og flugstjóra sem Alþingi gerir umsvifalaust samning við .
Eftirliti Lögreglunnar og Samgöngustofu af ólöglegum farþegaflutningum á lofti , láði sem og legi verður endanlega aflagt í kjölfarið .
Inga Sæland mun rassskella Þingheima þar til þingið verður óvænt leyst upp í byrjun desember eftir að gæsun vinkvennahóps fór úr böndunum .
í gríni var gæsin látin þýða og senda frumsaminn texta á hinum ýmsustu tungumálum á ansi óheppilegar alþjóðastofnanir .
Grín „ Gæsarinnar “ hljómar á eftirfarandi hátt á einu Norðurlandamálanna : „ S.O.S. Mayday !
Vi er her et par piger på den verdensberømte Klausturbar til at Goose en af oss .
Vi troede , vi havde nået en optagelse af Islands statsminister at forveksle dette med unbrakonøgle ( sexkænt ) IKEA har med Islands finansminister Icehot1 og 4 andre
men det viste sig , at vores telefon var tør for batteri , så vi ikke har nogen optagelse .
Icehot1 har taget Islands statsminister til privatbrug men Islands finansminister – Icehot1 – ser ud til at have været involveret i større større insiderhandel på grundlag af en nyhedsrapport , som i mange år var forbudt på anmodning fra Engey - folket , men Island ser ud til at være Engey - folke koloni efter 100 års frihed fra Danmark .
Hjælp – Kom og red os „ .
Þegar í stað er sent mikið fjöl þjóðlegt herlið til landsins sem leysir nýju stjórnarskránna úr gíslingu alræmdra Alþingismanna og verður boðað til kosninga 31 . des .
LOS ANGELES --
When Juron Criner stretched and stumbled across the goal line for Arizona 's go - ahead touchdown , the half - empty Coliseum fell into a gloomy silence that matched the dark clouds above Southern California 's once - intimidating stadium .
Over on the Wildcats ' sideline , it was all sunny skies and Hollywood endings .
After a bunch of crazy finishes and brutal losses , long - struggling Arizona is headed to a fine reward for its most impressive season in a decade .
Criner dived into the end zone with a 36 - yard TD pass from Nick Foles with 3:14 to play , and Arizona likely wrapped up a Holiday Bowl berth with a 21 - 17 victory over not - so - mighty USC ( No. 18 ESPN / USA Today , No. 20 AP ) on Saturday .
" It feels amazing , " Criner said .
" It 's an indescribable feeling .
How would you describe it if somebody asked you how it feels to rewrite history ? "
Foles passed for 239 yards and two TDs and ran for another score for the Wildcats ( 8 - 4 , 6 - 3 Pac - 10 ) , who finally beat USC for the first time in coach Mike Stoops ' tenure by scoring the final touchdown in a defense - dominated game .
Although bowl berths wo n't be given out until Sunday , Holiday Bowl officials had said they were likely to select the winner of this game .
While the Pac - 10's No. 2 bowl would have been a consolation prize for USC ( 8 - 4 , 5 - 4 ) , it 's a sweepstakes jackpot for the Wildcats , who won the Las Vegas Bowl last season in their first bowl appearance since 1998
" With such a big bowl on the line , and a finish of anywhere from second to sixth [ in the Pac - 10 ] , it was a big thing for us , " Stoops said .
" It 's been like this all year .
I 've never seen a year like this .
... I do n't know if we have the best players , but we 're awfully good if we 're balanced . "
After Jordan Congdon made a 37 - yard field goal with 7:13 left to put the Trojans ahead , Arizona 's struggling offense suddenly jolted into life , converting three straight third downs on the decisive drive .
When Foles saw single coverage on his top receiver , he changed the play to a streak route for Criner , who caught the long pass and eluded a tackle before scoring .
" It comes down to will and wanting it , and our guys have a lot of heart , " said Foles , who went 22 of 40 but made several clutch throws , including an early TD pass to Delashaun Dean .
" USC played great , but our guys wanted it more . "
Arizona secured a share of second in the Pac - 10 with its first eight - win regular season since 1998 and knocked off a ranked team for the sixth straight season under Stoops .
The Wildcats also ended a seven - game losing streak against USC .
The Trojans ' second home loss in three games was a dismal way to finish the most embarrassing regular season of coach Pete Carroll 's remarkable tenure .
One of college football 's marquee programs has taken a clear step backward .
The Trojans were 47 - 1 at the Coliseum before last month 's loss to Stanford .
USC has been in the AP Top 25 for its past 102 games , a streak that could end Sunday .
" It just feels so different , " Carroll said .
" It 's so different than what we 've done over our career .
We 've tried to find our way and battled .
It just has n't ever really kicked in like we would have liked it to have done . "
Not even Senior Day could coax any consistency out of the dismal USC offense led by Matt Barkley , who went 20 of 37 for 144 yards with the 12th interception of his rocky freshman season .
Allen Bradford rushed for 66 yards and a tying touchdown late in the third quarter , and Ronald Johnson caught a TD pass .
After beginning the season in search of their eighth straight Pac - 10 title and BCS bowl berth , the Trojans can't finish higher than fifth place .
A lower - tier bowl game awaits , including the chance of a more humbling trip to San Diego for the Poinsettia Bowl .
" It 's tough to swallow , it is , " receiver Damian Williams said .
" I 'd be lying if I said this was expected .
It was just a growing experience .
Every single person on this team has learned a lesson . "
USC could n't get a first down on its ensuing drive after Criner 's catch , with Barkley throwing three straight incompletions -- including a fourth - down throw over the head of Damian Williams , who was open down the middle .
USC got the ball back with 7 seconds left , but Barkley was sacked by Earl Mitchell .
Barkley was among several Trojans who noticed a lower excitement level after last week 's 28 - 7 victory over UCLA .
USC managed just 120 yards of offense by halftime , when the Wildcats led 14 - 7 .
" You could tell the difference today , " Barkley said .
" The energy was there in the fourth quarter , but it was almost like it was too late .
I do n't know why we 're putting ourselves in bad situations . "
Stafon Johnson , the USC tailback who nearly died in a weightlifting accident that ended his season in September , was the last of USC 's seniors to take the field in pregame introductions .
Johnson , who wore his jersey and a stocking cap as he posed for pictures with his mother and teammates , still has n't decided whether he 'll attempt to return for another season .
A small but growing number of evangelical churches are using cage fighting programs to increase their odds of converting young men , reports the New York Times .
Pastors say they hope to " inject " some irresistible " machismo " into their ministries by incorporating the bloody , but increasingly popular , sport of mixed martial arts :
" What led me to find Christ was that Jesus was a fighter , " Brandon Beals , 37 , lead pastor at Canyon Creek Church outside of Seattle , told the Times .
Is brawling consistent with Christianity ?
( See Diego Sanchez , a devout Christian cage - fighter , compete )
Christ would not approve : I must have missed the Beatitude that goes " Blessed are the face beaters , for they shall inherit all the publicity , " says Betsy Phillips in Nashville Scene .
Instead of trying to " trick men into coming back to church " by suggesting Jesus wants them to " beat the crap out of [ their ] friends , " why not just refocus the church around a fiestier Viking diety : " Odinist fight clubs , " anyone ?
" Because nothing says ' follower of the Prince of Peace ' like punching a dude in the face "
Would n't approve ?
Jesus was a rough - and - tumble guy : People tend to forget that Jesus hung out with " prostitutes , drunkards , and tax collectors , " says Edmund Chua in The Christian Post .
The Apostle Paul saw this , and advocated using " contemporary pop culture " to bring people to Christ .
" Holiness is not a matter of table manners , " and Christians should n't hide in church .
" Most Christians Stuck in Church : Kong Hee "
Men need to know there 's a place for them in church :
It 's easy to laugh at pastors who use a brutal sport " to sell Christianity , " says Rod Dreher in BeliefNet .
But many young men truly feel that " church has become effete , something for women . "
The pastors ' method may be " bizarre , " but they are onto something — men need to know they can embrace religion without rejecting their masculinity .
" MMA and the Fight Club for Jesus "
This is a trend ?
Prove it :
Is there more to this " trend " than some " young men at a few parishes who [ pummel ] one another in the name of Christ " ?
asks Jack Shafer in Slate .
Who knows ?
The Times lists just " three palooka ministries , " and offers nothing beyond anecdotal evidence that this " Fight - Club - For - Jesus crowd " is growing .
" Bogus trend stories of the month "
Christianity and cage fighting go way back : Evangelicals may be embracing cage fighting in greater numbers , but this is n't a new " trend , " says Sergio Nan in USA Today .
As soon as mixed martial arts migrated from Brazil and Japan to the Midwest , many of the best fighters went out of their way to " describe themselves as devout Christians . "
" ' Times ' highlights growing Christian interest in mixed martial arts "
...............................................
SEE THE WEEK'S LATEST COVERAGE OF CHRISTIANITY :
• Is " The Book of Eli " anti-Christian ?
• Is Obama greater than Jesus ?
• Does the media hate Christians ?
• Larry David 's Jesus joke
When this season started , most assumed that goaltending would be the least of the Senators ' worries .
Brian Elliott had played solid ( though unspectacular ) hockey last year for the Senators , and Pascal Leclaire was prematurely labeled the best goaltender in Ottawa Senators history by Pierre McGuire , a statement that was often repeated before this season began .
Why Senators fans listened to Pierre is beyond me , although it likely stems from that burning desire for a true franchise goaltender , something the Senators have never had for an entire season .
Unfortunately , neither Pascal Leclaire nor Brian Elliott is that franchise goalie , or at least not yet .
Here are their stats , including where they ranked in the league for save percentage on the season :
Name GP GAA SV % ( Rank )
Leclaire 26 3.07 .890 ( 47 )
Elliott 26 2.91 .893 ( 45 )
Those stats are n't just mediocre , they 're flat out terrible .
The only goalies with worse save percentages than Leclaire or Elliott are Steve Mason ( 46th ) and Vesa Toskala ( 48th ) .
Looking at NHL.com 's stats page , there has n't been a goalie tandem in Ottawa Senators ' history that comes close to posting such bad stats .
The worst insult around these parts is to call a goaltender 's play Gerber - esque , but it pains me to say that even Martin Gerber never had as poor of numbers as these two goalies .
For comparison 's sake , here are the other worst goaltending performances in Ottawa since the 97-98 season ( I 've only included those with save percentages worse than .900 ) :
Name ( Season ) GP GAA SV % ( Rank )
Martin Gerber ( 2008-09 ) 14 2.86 .899 ( 33 )
Ray Emery ( 2007-08 ) 31 3.13 .890 ( 43 )
Ron Tugnutt ( 1999-2000 ) 44 2.54 .899 ( 18 )
Obviously , it 's hard to compare pre-lockout goalie stats with those post - lockout , but sinking below the .900 level is a sure sign of a poor year for a goalie , and a team can't survive if both keepers are below that line .
In no other year have both main keepers been below .900 , and usually there 's one who was above .910 .
The only comparable season to the current is 1999 - 2000 , where Patrick Lalime posted a 2.33 GAA and .905 SV % the same season that Tugnutt fell under .900 .
Yet in that season , Tugnutt and Lalime were 18th and 22nd in league SV % , not near the bottom feeding that Leclaire and Elliott are currently doing .
To answer the question I posed in the title : I do n't believe they are , but they are certainly playing like it .
Both Elliott and Leclaire have the talent to perform much better than they are , yet their mental focus is highly questionable and the Ottawa Senators defence are making their numbers even worse than they should be .
However , no amount of excuses can justify the frequency of soft goals currently allowed by these two .
Seven years have passed since a Toronto Star investigation into race , policing and crime in Canada ’s largest city was met with denials of racial bias .
Today , police across the country readily acknowledge bias is a factor in police decision - making , and the Toronto Police Service is setting an example for other services and institutions with its diversity policy .
Yet race still matters .
Today , using never - before - released data , the Star launches a series highlighting the Toronto police practice of documenting people in mostly non-criminal encounters .
In an uneasy trade - off for safer streets , people — both “ good ” and “ bad ” — end up in a growing internal database , and it is young black men , more than any other group , who are most likely to be stopped and documented .
Black people across Toronto are three times more likely to be stopped and documented by police than white people , a Star investigation has found .
To a lesser extent , the same is true for people described by police as having “ brown ” skin , according to a Star analysis of 1.7 million contact cards filled out by Toronto police officers between 2003 and 2008 .
Top brass , including Chief Bill Blair , stress that they are deploying officers in areas of high “ victimization ” where there is lack of opportunity and people are struggling with poverty , and where there also happen to be significant ethnic populations .
They say being carded does not mean you have a criminal record .
Yet young men interviewed by the Star who have been stopped and questioned feel as though they do have one , and complain of racial bias and repeated encounters in which they believed they had no choice but to cooperate , produce identification and sometimes be searched .
The Toronto Police Service encourages officers to fill out the notebook - sized cards , known as 208s , though that is not mandatory .
It is obligatory for police to fill out cards in England and a growing number of U.S. cities , but there the data is used to look for patterns of potential bias .
Here , the cards are an investigative tool .
They document name , age , gender , race , skin colour , address , physical features and the names of associates .
Also noted is the nature of the police contact , which includes “ suspicious activity , ” “ general investigation ” or “ loitering ” — nothing necessarily criminal .
People do n’t have to answer questions , but legal experts say failure to cooperate can arouse suspicion .
All of this information is fed into a database that police say is an invaluable investigative tool allowing them to find associates , witnesses and suspects in crimes that have not yet been committed .
There ’s collateral damage :
An innocent black man like Toronto teacher Rohan Robinson is frequently stopped by police in the same way that Mark Cain , a recently convicted killer , was often stopped .
With the help of a 208 card , homicide detectives broke Cain ’s alibi in a 2006 case involving the murder of a community activist .
Toronto police Chief Bill Blair said he does not dispute the Star ’s analysis and acknowledges racial bias plays a part in the disparities identified .
How much is difficult to say .
“ We ’re not trying to make any excuses for this .
We recognize that bias in police decision - making is a big , big issue for us , and so we ’re working really hard on it . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Blacks are likely to be documented more than whites in almost every part of Toronto , with the most disproportionate carding of blacks in areas that are predominantly affluent and white , such as pockets of North Toronto .
A criminologist calls this the “ out of place ” factor — people being questioned because they do not fit in .
The Race Matters series continues in Saturday 's Toronto Star and online at thestar.com
I went to the Glasgow School of Art today , and bought the world 's cutest thing .
It 's called a ' tinyment ' ( aaaaah ! ) and you can look at mine here .
They 're made by a company called Finch & Fouracre , who make loads of other great models and things .
Truth be told , I 've got a pretty major crush on architectural models , and it 's exciting to find these buildable - by - rank - amateurs versions !
I am boxing up all my books and DVDs into two piles , sell and keep .
The sell pile is 5 times the size of the other .
I am moving out , and I do n't want anything weighing me down !
What if I want to get a job on an ocean liner ?
Or bare knuckle boxing in Hong Kong ?
Will my apartment really need all three Ocean 's Eleven moves ?
Will I really need two versions of Sleepaway Camp ?
I suspect not .
Things I am keeping : Old peanuts collections , which have the best names ever .
" Do n't hassle me with your sighs , Chuck . " and " Duck !
Here comes another day . " and " Kiss her , you blockhead . "
Charles Schulz taught people how to live .
photo by TrustoCorp
Oh , how we long to see razor - witted signs like those from the enigmatic TrustoCorp improving the streets of San Francisco , raining truth and dark hilarity on hipsters and Marina Barbies alike .
Well , if whispers around street art blogs are true , we might get a chance to be blanketed with TrustoCorp ’s special brand of illustrative street signs , as rumors suggest that after runs in New York , Detroit , Philadelphia , Williamsburg , Miami and LA , they are taking their wayfinding improvements national .
Beautifully executed in brilliant handpainted , altered street signage , they feature bold images and even bolder messages such as “ Broke Is The New Black ” and “ NO SNITCHING – Keep Our Streets Honest : Obedience Is Un- American . ”
See more in the Flickr TrustoCorp pool .
photo by TrustoCorp
via Urban Prankster
Ananova : Romanian Giuliano Stroe - who has been trained by his gymnast dad Iulian since he could walk - stunned TV viewers in his homeland by almost doubling the current world record of 12 .
The body - building youngster pulled off 20 of the special press ups - where the legs never touch the floor - before stopping .
Dynamic stretching between sprints better than rest
You recover more quickly between short explosive bursts of exercise if you do dynamic muscle stretches rather than resting or exercising gently .
Physiologists at the Picardie Jules Verne University in France reach this conclusion in the Journal of Strength & Conditioning Research .
Their study is based on trials they did with 10 soccer players aged 25 .
The researchers wanted to know which of three well - known recovery techniques work best when doing intensive exercise : dynamic stretching [ RS ] , passive recovery [ PR ] or active recovery [ AR ] .
Dynamic stretching refers to stretching your muscles with a pumping action .
As you stretch you repeatedly go for the point where you feel that your muscles are extending .
Passive recovery means doing nothing , and active recovery involves continuing the movement you were doing , but at a low level of intensity .
The researchers got their subjects to sprint on the bike at 120 percent of their maximal aerobic capacity .
That 's a rate at which you use 20 percent more oxygen than your body is capable of taking in .
You can only do this for very short bursts .
First the test subjects sprinted for 30 seconds , 4 times .
Between sprints they rested for 30 seconds .
At the end of the series they did a 4 - minute recovery , using RS , PR or AR .
Then the subjects repeated the whole procedure .
And after that , they had to cycle for as long as they could at 120 percent of their maximal aerobic capacity .
When the subjects used stretches to recover – they stretched their quads and hamstrings – they were able to cycle for longer during the test .
Dynamic muscle stretching , and to a lesser extent active recovery , enable the heart to beat faster so the body can take in more oxygen .
But perhaps the most important mechanism involved in both recovery methods is that they reduce the concentration of lactic acid in the blood , the researchers discovered .
The researchers base their explanation on a theory that 's been around for a while .
Lactic acid inhibits the formation of glycogen in the muscle cells , goes the theory .
Get rid of the lactic acid and performance improves .
An alternative explanation may be that lactic acid actually provides muscle cells with energy .
And that would seem to go faster if you do n't rest completely between exercise bursts , but stretch your muscles instead .
Source :
J Strength Cond Res. 2010 Jan 21 .
[ Epub ahead of print ] .
There is concern at NASA regarding how to find work for all its astronauts following the demise of the space shuttle fleet and President Obama 's bid to axe the shuttles ' planned manned spaceflight successor , the Constellation programme .
If the Obama administration 's plans are accepted by Congress , two of NASA 's main humans - in - space activities will be gone , leaving nothing for astronauts to do but help crew the International Space Station ( ISS ) , a task which is shared with most of the other spacegoing nations in the world .
“ We will be going from three large programs to one in a six - month span , ” said Mike Coats , chief of NASA 's Johnson Space Centre - home to the astronaut corps - earlier this week .
“ That is a big impact .
I ’m very anxious about how we maintain our core competencies , human space flight , space operations and astronaut training . ”
The shuttle fleet is to be retired at the end of this year , following the five remaining flights necessary to complete the ISS .
Shuttle Endeavour is in orbit now delivering a new observation cupola and station section , and just four more flights will follow .
After that , the only way to and from the orbiting facility will be by Russian Soyuz craft .
NASA had planned under the Bush administration to build new Ares rockets - a smaller one for lifting astronauts and an unmanned heavy - lift job for firing large cargoes into orbit - and a manned spacecraft called Orion , plus other ancillary gear .
This would allow the assembly in Earth orbit of craft capable of returning astronauts to the Moon , and then perhaps to Mars .
But Congress never agreed to fully fund the former President 's plan , and after much pondering the Obama administration has decided it wants to axe Constellation .
In its place , more funds will be channelled into an existing scheme for private rocket firms - for instance Elon Musk 's SpaceX - to provide space lift under NASA contract .
This may now develop into privately - built manned craft : SpaceX for one already has plans for a " Dragon " capsule to be launched by its Falcon 9 rocket design .
The President also wants to extend the ISS itself beyond its planned demise in 2015 until at least 2020 , which will offer some work for US astronauts - and for the private rocket firms , in shipping up supplies and then perhaps crews .
Plans for development of manned flight capability beyond low Earth orbit still exist , but have been effectively pushed back out of the new decade - suggesting that in fact no mission beyond Earth can now be ready to go much before the 2030s .
Voyages outside the immediate vicinity of the Earth - Moon system may not now be on the cards any sooner than 2050 , if ever .
“ When we talk about going to distant places like Mars , the moon , an asteroid , we will not be able to take someone off the street , train them for a few weeks and expect them to go off and do the types of missions we will demand of them , ” said NASA head Charles Bolden , briefing reporters alongside Coats .
“ We ca n’t do that today .
To me , that requires a professional cadre of astronauts . ”
NASA currently has 88 active - status astronauts and a further 24 in managerial jobs across the space agency .
Both Bolden and Coats , for instance , have flown in space .
Doubtless Bolden is correct that a deep - space astronaut can't be trained in weeks .
However , it now appears that no such mission is likely to take place for 20 years or more - not if America is to fund it , anyway .
The only likely employment for the current 88 NASA spacemen and women is the six - person ISS , which is also the sole job for almost all other astronauts on Earth : those of Europe - including the sole British spaceman , Tim Peake , now under training - Canada , Russia and Japan .
Station crews change over on a 4 - 6 month cycle , meaning that on average an astronaut can only expect to go into space every decade or so .
Job losses or voluntary redundancies among the space - ace community would certainly seem to be on the cards .
Another 7,000 Earthbound jobs at the Johnson Space Centre are also associated with the Shuttle and Constellation programmes . ®
A martial arts master and a second man have been convicted of beating up a Menlo Park man who had struck up a conversation with the judo expert about their shared passion , authorities said .
Matthew Walker , 25 , of Tacoma , Wash. , who won his category in the 2009 President 's Cup tournament held in June by USA Judo , pleaded no contest earlier this month to felony assault , said Steve Wagstaffe , San Mateo County 's chief deputy district attorney .
Walker was sentenced Feb. 2 to six months in county jail and placed on three years of probation .
A co-defendant , Robert Davis , 22 , of Redwood City pleaded no contest Thursday to the same charge with an agreement that the case would be reduced to a misdemeanor halfway through his probation , Wagstaffe said .
Davis faces as much as three months in jail when he is sentenced April 27 .
The incident unfolded at the Menlo Park Caltrain station Sept. 29 when the 25 - year - old victim and his 23 - year - old friend from New York met Walker and Davis after they all got off a train headed home from a Giants game .
The Menlo Park man approached Walker - who was wearing a judo jacket and is 6 feet 3 inches tall and 275 pounds - and they struck up a conversation , prosecutors said .
The man had some training in aikido , prosecutors said .
The two engaged in some horseplay , but the victim asked Walker to stop when it became too rough , authorities said .
Both Walker and Davis then attacked the men and beat them severely , authorities said .
The Menlo Park man ended up with a broken leg and facial wounds .
The New York victim was knocked out .
Menlo Park police saw one of the victims wandering in the street and began an investigation .
They soon spotted Walker and Davis walking through a parking lot nearby .
Officers saw Walker tossing what turned out to be one of the victim 's cell phones in a garbage can , prosecutors said .
One critical aspect of president Obama 's Middle East policy is finding a way to stop Israel continuing to expand settlements on the West Bank .
Without a permanent cessation of such activity , there 's no way to get the two sides together .
But Israel simply refuses to cooperate , as it has refused for two decades in its land - grab , and is eagerly anticipating the end of its temporary semi- freeze of some settlements , while it maintains its policy of populating East Jeruslame with as many Jewish - Israelis as possible .
In such a situation , having some leverage over Israel is essential to advancing US interests in forging a settlement that could help undercut some of the rationale for Islamist terror .
So what do several sitting Senators do in such a delicate situation in which George Mitchell has recently raised the option - a remote one , but an option - of withholding loan guarantees as the first Bush administration did .
They go to Israel and back prime minister Netanyahu against their own president in an open news conference .
The man who lost the last election reacts by directly undercutting the victor 's foreign policy goals , and does so abroad in the very country Obama is trying to push toward change .
C'est une sentence particulièrement lourde .
Pour avoir tenté d'enregistrer illégalement un film dans une salle de cinéma , un Américain de 42 ans a été condamné à deux ans de prison ferme et trois ans de probation .
Par ailleurs , il devra s'acquitter d'une amende de 24 738 dollars suite à la perquisition de son domicile et la découverte de 1 240 films piratés .
La sentence est tombée .
Robert Henderson a été condamné à deux ans de prison ferme et trois de probation pour avoir essayé d’enregistrer une projection de Batman : The Dark Knight avec un caméscope .
L’homme de 42 ans devra également s’acquitter d’une amende de 24 738 dollars pour la possession de 1 240 films récupérés illégalement , suite à la perquisition de son domicile .
Une somme qui n’a pas été fixée au hasard , puisque le juge a fixé le dédommagement à 19,95 dollars par long - métrage .
C’est le grand amateurisme de Robert Henderson qui a causé sa perte .
En effet , l’homme s’est présenté le 18 juillet 2008 au cinéma d’East Glenn vêtu d’un long manteau d’hiver .
Un style vestimentaire qui a intrigué les gérants de la salle .
Mais c’est aussi la malchance qui a eu raison du pirate .
Selon Torrentfreak , le cinéma était sous surveillance accrue de la MPAA ( .pdf ) , les ayants droit pensant qu’une copie illégale de Hancock avait été réalisée à East Glenn .
« Le vol de films par la technique du camcording est une menace sérieuse pour l’industrie cinématographique et les 2,4 millions d’Américains qui travaillent dans ce secteur » a déclaré Mike Robinson .
« C’est une sentence appropriée pour un crime très sérieux , et nous espérons que cela servira d’avertissement pour les autres voleurs , qui devront alors faire face à des conséquences très importantes s’ils s’engagent dans cette voie « .
Pour autant , si The Dark Knight a été massivement téléchargé sur les réseaux peer - to - peer en 2008 , avec plus de 7 millions de téléchargements sur BitTorrent , le film a également rencontré un grand succès au cinéma .
Le premier jour d’exploitation , le film a engrangé 66,4 millions de dollars , rapportant à la fin de l’année plus de 996,5 millions de dollars .
Ce n’est pas la première fois que nous constatons que le P2P semble n’avoir aucun impact négatif sur la bonne santé du cinéma .
C’est même tout le contraire .
Now days icons appear more detailed and 3d , so it ’s becoming more popular .
Across the web there are many tutorials for creating icon in Illustrator and Photoshop .
Learning how to create different icons styles can help you create attractive design for your website and content .
When you create a website , it is important to choose the best icon style to use and unify with you design outlines .
Learning more styles will help you create more unified content with your design .
Today , I would like to share with you a collection of 48 very nice icon tutorial for you to get inspired and learn how to create your own icons for your design content .
If you like these tutorials , you may like to check these as well :
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create a vector monitor icon in Illustrator .
Learn how to create a vector address book icon in Adobe Illustrator .
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create this amazing frame effect in Illustrator .
learn how to illustrate this traffic cone icon in vector style .
Add to you site a unique share icon and learn how to create it in Illustrator .
improve you Illustrator skill by creating this amazing realistic vector helmet icon .
Learn how to create this nice carbon style icons for different usages .
Learn how to create compass icon in Photoshop .
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create the above tags icons .
Create the above modern glossy mouse icon .
Learn how to create hard drive icon in Illustrator .
Creating a Set of Digital Painting Icons Part 3
Learn how create set of digital painting icons .
Learn how to create this amazing LCD monitor icon .
This is another part of the digital painting icons tutorials set .
learn how to create this nice glossy thermometer icon .
Create this vista style icon easily with this tutorial .
This tutorial shows how to create basic house icon in Adobe Illustrator .
Learn how to create this amazing Mac OS email icon .
In this tutorial , learn how to create MS Vista error icon .
Learn how to create MP3 digital player in vector .
Learn in this tutorial how to create Adobe CS3 icons .
PARIS , Feb. 24 , 2010  --
An anti-smoking campaign that some claimed likened the consumption of tobacco with sexual submission is causing an uproar in France .
The three ads show teenagers on their knees with cigarettes between their lips , their faces at a man 's waist , looking submissively into his eyes .
The advertising slogan says , " Smoking means being a slave to tobacco . "
" We noticed that the traditional anti-smoking campaigns no longer got across amongst the youth .
We thus had to use another way in order to raise awareness , " Remi Parola , head of the Non- Smokers ' Rights Association that is behind the campaign , told ABC News .
" We were surprised by the extent of the media buzz , " Parola admitted .
" But it 's above all a message of public health that got across , " he said .
But not everyone agrees .
" Its purpose was to shock and not convey a message .
It is a profoundly mediocre operation , " French Secretary of State for Family Nadine Morano told France 2 TV today .
Yesterday , Morano asked for the campaign to be banned for offending public taste .
" I understand that this campaign can shock .
The connotation in this campaign seems to me inappropriate , " French Health Minister Roselyne Bachelot told RTL radio yesterday , qualifying the campaign as " counterproductive . "
Even the usually rather discreet tobacco makers and dealers have joined in the concert of protest .
" To be compared to a pedophile because I work for a tobacco manufacturer is extremely shocking , " Yves Trevilly , spokesman for the British American Tobacco in France , told ABC News .
On its Web site , the French tobacco dealer confederation considered that this campaign went too far .
" It 's no longer prevention , but out of place provocation , " it said .
Other organizations have also strongly reacted to the campaign .
Child welfare group Enfance et Partage said the campaign was cruel and insensitive toward young victims of sexual abuse .
Reactions on the street are skeptical .
" It 's going to make young kids laugh .
It 's not going to have any effect on them .
Pictures showing lungs in bad state would be more meaningful , " Benjamin Masia told ABC News .
" I 'm not sure it 's going to make young kids stop smoking , but it could maybe have an impact on them , " Benoit Ribue , an 18 - year - old student , added .
" I think it could have an effect .
Because in order to shock young people and make them react , strong pictures are necessary , " said Fabienne , who would only give her first name .
" I think it 's going to make them laugh rather than anything else .
It does not show the real harm smoking provokes , " her colleague Evelyne added .
After a slight decrease following the smoking ban in France in 2007 , the consumption of tobacco in France is on an upward trend .
In 2009 , 54.9 billion cigarettes were sold , an increase of 2.6 percent compared to 2008 .
The trend is similar among teenagers according to the government : 18 percent of 16 - year - olds were smokers between 2008 - 2009 , compared to 14 percent between 2004 - 2007 .
Today , 40 percent of smokers between 12 and 25 are already addicted to their cigarettes .
Each year in France , 66,000 people die because of tobacco .
The ads , which will be published in newspapers and posted in bars , are expected to run until May 31 .
Corbis
THEY are not the world 's most effusive people at the best of times .
But even by their usual gloomy standards , Britons seem to have got themselves into a slough of despond of late .
Well before the economic crisis they were weeping on the shoulders of pollsters , who reported rapidly rising levels of dismay about the country 's direction and an increased sense of nostalgia about the good old days .
For those ( and they are legion , on inner-city council estates as well as in the shires ) who think that society in Britain is “ broken ” , the country is stuck in a mire of crime , fractured families and feral youth .
It is an idea that resonates .
Every week serves up a new tragedy or outrage to be added to the pile of evidence .
Such episodes have the power to jolt the public mood , as in 1993 when Tony Blair , then the shadow home secretary , described the murder of two - year - old James Bulger as a sign of “ a society that is becoming unworthy of that name ” .
A similarly awful attack last year on two boys in South Yorkshire was held up by David Cameron , the Conservative leader , as not an “ isolated incident of evil ” but evidence of a profound problem that goes to the heart of society .
He has made “ broken Britain ” a leitmotif in the run-up to the general election due by June 3rd .
It would be idiotic to claim that Britain is perfect .
The vomitous binge - drinking mainly by the young , the drug abuse and teenage pregnancy that are still higher than in most west European countries and the large proportion of single - parent families all tell a tale .
But the story of broad decline is simply untrue ( see article ) .
Stepping back from the glare of the latest appalling tale , it is clear that by most measures things have been getting better for a good decade and a half .
In suggesting that the rot runs right through society , the Tories fail to pinpoint the areas where genuine crises persist .
The broken - Britain myth is worse than scaremongering — it glosses over those who need help most .
The bad old days
The broken Britain of legend is one where danger stalks the streets as never before .
In the real Britain , the police have just recorded the lowest number of murders for 19 years .
In mythical broken Britain , children are especially at risk .
Back in real life , child homicides have fallen by more than two - thirds since the 1970s .
Britain used to be the third - biggest killer of children in the rich world ; it is now the 17th .
And more mundane crimes have fallen too : burglaries and car theft are about half as common now as they were 15 years ago .
Even the onset of recession has not reversed that downward trend so far .
Comatose teenagers line every gutter in the boozy Britain of popular imagination .
Yet after a long period of increase , there are tentative signs that Britons are drinking less alcohol .
The overall consumption of drugs is dropping ( though some narcotics , including cocaine , are becoming more popular ) and rates of smoking are now among the lowest in Europe .
As for family breakdown , some commentators seem to think that sex really was invented in 1963 .
British grannies know differently .
Teenage pregnancy is still too common , but it has been declining , with the odd hiccup , for ages .
A girl aged between 15 and 19 today is about half as likely to have a baby in her teens as her grandmother was .
Her partner will probably not marry her and he is less likely to stick with her than were men in previous generations , but he is also a lot less likely to beat her .
In homing in on the cosier parts of the Britain of yesteryear , it is easy to ignore the horrors that have gone .
Straight white men are especially vulnerable to this sort of amnesia .
A dangerous misdiagnosis
Such forgetfulness can be partly blamed on a dominant national press that tends to report the grotesque exceptions not the blander rule .
But politicians have connived in this .
Labour is far from blameless , but it is the Tories who are on course to be the next government .
In attempting to convince voters that society has suffered a comprehensive breakdown ( and pandering to his own party 's right wing ) , Mr Cameron has been guided towards social policies that are designed to heal the entire country , rather than help the relatively few who need it .
His proposed tax break for married couples and gay civil - partners is an example .
It does nothing for workless households .
It would help only 11 % of the 4 m British children in poverty , while handing bonuses to plenty of well - off people .
That would be a bad idea at any time ; in a period when the state must tighten its belt it is an extraordinary proposal .
Above all , however , it is a distraction from the Conservatives ' far better policies to deal with something that does need fixing : education .
The main reason why a small but worrying proportion of families and young people is falling behind is that schools are failing to give them the skills they need to get and hold a job .
This is about more than Britain 's ability to compete in a brave new globalised world that demands flexible , highly skilled workers .
It also has to do with social behaviour .
The waning of the manufacturing jobs that used to be the mainstay of the working class has created a generation of young males , in particular , who do n't know what to do with themselves .
Britons have been boozers and scrappers for centuries , but self - destructive behaviour today in part reflects the perception that their lives are not worth much .
As for children bearing children , there is evidence elsewhere that if girls are given better education — not just about sex , but also in areas likely to improve their job prospects — they are less likely to get pregnant at 16 .
Yet for all the official talk at home about ever - improving exam results , Britain is beginning to slide down the international league table of educational attainment .
The government used to be keen on overhauling education but it has run out of puff .
Now it is the Tories who have thoughtful ideas about getting more good school places through supply - side reforms .
They should focus on these rather than proselytising about marriage , which suggests a nannying streak curiously at odds with Mr Cameron 's ( largely correct ) view that government has got too big for its boots .
Britain has a crunched economy , an out - of - control deficit and plenty of social problems ; but it is not “ broken ” .
NASA ’s WISE eyes are open .
After a successful launch on December 14 , the Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer is poised to begin the most thorough survey yet of the infrared universe .
The telescope ’s first image , a field of about 3,000 stars in the constellation Carina , was released January 6 at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society .
From a polar orbit 525 kilometers above Earth , WISE will snap a picture in heat - sensitive wavelengths every 11 seconds during its nine - month mission .
At this rate , the telescope will scan the entire sky one and a half times , seeking asteroids , brown dwarfs and distant galaxies .
But the star region captured in the first image was selected because it lacks these features .
The image spans a swath of sky about three times the size of the full moon and was chosen for its safety — unusually bright objects could damage the telescope ’s detectors if gazed at for too long .
Staring at a single , safe patch of sky gives the WISE team a chance to calibrate the spacecraft .
This first image is a good sign of things to come , said WISE mission scientist David Leisawitz of NASA ’s Goddard Spaceflight Center in Greenbelt , Md . It shows that the telescope is in focus and picking up details in infrared wavelengths .
“ Every dot in that patch is undoubtedly interesting for some reason or another , ” Leisawitz said .
The WISE team will release preliminary survey images in April 2011 and a final atlas and catalog in March 2012 .
But interested onlookers wo n’t have to wait that long for more pictures — the team plans to release more images to the public starting in February .
“ WISE is now poised to deliver on its promise , ” Leisawitz said .
“ It is a pristine , beautiful new observatory ready to deliver to the astronomical community and the world inspiring new pictures and intriguing new information . ”
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / UCLA
See Also :
FT 6 Come Let Us Adore Him
1. Click the red record button and sing along .
2 . Click the record button again to stop .
3 .
Select where you want to post it .
4 . Refresh after a few minutes , see yourself below .
This Mega Like video recorder lets you create entertaining socialmercials !
Socialmercials are the world ’s best brands , their signature anthems and fans creating amazing videos .
By Captain Pyke | February 8 , 2010 - 10:51 pm
Sometimes , I think we live in the 24th century .
From PADD technology to molecule replication we are that much closer to living in a reality known only to the likes of James T. Kirk and Jean - Luc Picard .
In a few years , Google could be bringing us one step closer with true voice universal translation .
Right now , engineers are working on the first voice over phone real - time translation .
“ We think speech - to - speech translation should be possible and work reasonably well in a few years ’ time , ” said Franz Och , Google ’s head of translation services .
" Clearly , for it to work smoothly , you need a combination of high - accuracy machine translation and high - accuracy voice recognition , and that ’s what we ’re working on . "
But , there are few hurtles to overcome .
“ Everyone has a different voice , accent and pitch , ” said Och .
“ But recognition should be effective with mobile phones because by nature they are personal to you .
The phone should get a feel for your voice from past voice search queries , for example . ”
According to Och , the technology will learn to adapt the more you use it .
“ The more data we input , the better the quality , ” said Och .
There is no shortage of help .
“ There are a lot of language enthusiasts out there , ” .
We love this kinda stuff .
It 's definitely an exciting time to be alive and as a Trek fan , we can live out our futuristic fantasies .
( no , not that kind of fantasy )
( Quote source TimesOnline )
Spanish scientists have studied interactions between the loggerhead turtle ( Caretta caretta ) and fishing gear such as longline hooks used at the water surface , mass beachings , and the effects of climate change on these animals .
In order to reduce captures of this marine species without causing economic losses for fishermen , the scientists are proposing that fishing in the summer should only be carried out by night and in areas more than 35 nautical miles from land .
Populations of loggerhead turtles ( Caretta caretta ) are in decline all over the world , and particularly in the Mediterranean Sea , where more than 20,000 animals are accidentally caught each year .
Finding responsible and sustainable fisheries solutions was one of the prime objectives of this research study , published in the latest issue of the Journal of Applied Ichthyology .
Researchers from the Spanish Institute of Oceanography ( IEO ) in Malaga , the University of Malaga ( UMA ) and the Sea Classroom , also in Malaga , tested whether using different kinds of animal bait would reduce captures of loggerhead turtles , and how these changes could impact on fishing yields .
The scientists used real commercial fisheries data taken by scientific observers on board fishing boats .
The results were clear .
" Using fish as bait could greatly reduce incidental catches of loggerhead turtles , but could also severely affect catches of swordfish , " José Carlos Báez , lead author and a researcher at the IEO , said .
The research team also showed that stopping using small molluscs such as squid as bait could not ensure that incidental catches of loggerhead turtles would be prevented , since " as an opportunistic predator it also preys on hooks baited with fish , and can find these more easily when molluscs are used , " explains the expert .
The study proposes other measures that , the researchers say , would not involve modifying the equipment used in any way that " could result in low economic yields because of a decline in fish catches , " says Báez .
These techniques would reduce the number of turtles caught while maintaining fishermen 's profits .
" Most accidental catches happen during the day , more than 35 nautical miles from the coast , and in the summer , meaning that it would be enough to limit longline fishing at these times and places in order to drastically reduce captures of this species , " says Báez , who adds that these measures should be tested before being adopted .
Longline fishing is practised by 356 vessels in Spanish waters , and provides employment for many coastal towns .
However , accidental captures of species such as the loggerhead turtle are also damaging to fishermen 's interests , because of the economic losses caused and the time spent in freeing the turtles .
[ In addition to blogging , I am also now using Twitter for quick updates and to share links .
Follow me at : twitter.com/scottgu ]
This is the thirteenth in a series of blog posts I ’m doing on the upcoming VS 2010 and .NET 4 release .
Today ’s post covers some of the improvements being made around Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) with ASP.
NET 4 .
Why SEO ?
Search engine optimization ( SEO ) is important for any publically facing web - site .
A large percentage of traffic to sites now comes from search engines , and improving the search relevancy of your site will lead to more user traffic to your site from search engine queries ( which can directly or indirectly increase the revenue you make through your site ) .
Measuring the SEO of your website with the SEO Toolkit
Last month I blogged about the free SEO Toolkit we ’ve shipped that you can use to analyze your site for SEO correctness , and which provides detailed suggestions on any SEO issues it finds .
I highly recommend downloading and using the tool against any public site you work on .
It makes it easy to spot SEO issues you might have in the site , and pinpoint ways to optimize it further .
ASP.NET 4 SEO Improvements
ASP .NET 4 includes a bunch of new runtime features that can help you to further optimize your site for SEO .
Some of these new features include :
New Page .
MetaKeywords and Page .
MetaDescription properties
New URL Routing support for ASP.
NET Web Forms
New Response.RedirectPermanent ( ) method
Below are details about how you can take advantage of them to further improve your search engine relevancy .
Page .
MetaKeywords and Page .
MetaDescription properties
One simple recommendation to improve the search relevancy of pages is to make sure you always output relevant “ keywords ” and “ description ” < meta > tags within the < head > section of your HTML .
For example :
One of the nice improvements with ASP .
NET 4 Web Forms is the addition of two new properties to the Page class : MetaKeywords and MetaDescription that make programmatically setting these values within your code - behind classes much easier and cleaner .
ASP.NET 4 ’s < head > server control now looks at these values and will use them when outputting the < head > section of pages .
This behavior is particularly useful for scenarios where you are using master - pages within your site – and the < head > section ends up being in a . master file that is separate from the .aspx file that contains the page specific content .
You can now set the new MetaKeywords and MetaDescription properties in the .aspx page and have their values automatically rendered by the < head > control within the master page .
Below is a simple code snippet that demonstrates setting these properties programmatically within a Page_Load ( ) event handler :
In addition to setting the Keywords and Description properties programmatically in your code - behind , you can also now declaratively set them within the @Page directive at the top of .aspx pages .
The below snippet demonstrates how to - do this :
As you ’d probably expect , if you set the values programmatically they will override any values declaratively set in either the < head > section or the via the @Page attribute .
URL Routing with ASP.
NET Web Forms
URL routing was a capability we first introduced with ASP .
NET 3.5 SP1 , and which is already used within ASP .
NET MVC applications to expose clean , SEO - friendly “ web 2.0 ” URLs .
URL routing lets you configure an application to accept request URLs that do not map to physical files .
Instead , you can use routing to define URLs that are semantically meaningful to users and that can help with search - engine optimization ( SEO ) .
For example , the URL for a traditional page that displays product categories might look like below :
Using the URL routing engine in ASP.
NET 4 you can now configure the application to accept the following URL instead to render the same information :
With ASP .NET 4.0 , URLs like above can now be mapped to both ASP .
NET MVC Controller classes , as well as ASP .
NET Web Forms based pages .
You can even have a single application that contains both Web Forms and MVC Controllers , and use a single set of routing rules to map URLs between them .
Please read my previous URL Routing with ASP .
NET 4 Web Forms blog post to learn more about how the new URL Routing features in ASP .
NET 4 support Web Forms based pages .
Response.RedirectPermanent ()
Method
It is pretty common within web applications to move pages and other content around over time , which can lead to an accumulation of stale links in search engines .
In ASP.NET , developers have often handled requests to old URLs by using the Response .
Redirect ( ) method to programmatically forward a request to the new URL .
However , what many developers do n’t realize is that the Response .
Redirect ( ) method issues an HTTP 302 Found ( temporary redirect ) response , which results in an extra HTTP round trip when users attempt to access the old URLs .
Search engines typically will not follow across multiple redirection hops – which means using a temporary redirect can negatively impact your page ranking .
You can use the SEO Toolkit to identify places within a site where you might have this issue .
ASP.NET 4 introduces a new Response. RedirectPermanent( string url ) helper method that can be used to perform a redirect using an HTTP 301 ( moved permanently ) response .
This will cause search engines and other user agents that recognize permanent redirects to store and use the new URL that is associated with the content .
This will enable your content to be indexed and your search engine page ranking to improve .
Below is an example of using the new Response .
RedirectPermanent ( ) method to redirect to a specific URL :
ASP.NET 4 also introduces new Response. RedirectToRoute ( string routeName ) and Response. RedirectToRoutePermanent( string routeName ) helper methods that can be used to redirect users using either a temporary or permanent redirect using the URL routing engine .
The code snippets below demonstrate how to issue temporary and permanent redirects to named routes ( that take a category parameter ) registered with the URL routing system .
You can use the above routes and methods for both ASP .
NET Web Forms and ASP.
NET MVC based URLs .
Summary
ASP .NET 4 includes a bunch of feature improvements that make it easier to build public facing sites that have great SEO .
When combined with the SEO Toolkit , you should be able to use these features to increase user traffic to your site – and hopefully increase the direct or indirect revenue you make from them .
Hope this helps ,
Scott
Justice Antonin Scalia USA TODAY WASHINGTON 
The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that investigators may resume questioning a suspect who invoked his Miranda right to a lawyer after the suspect has been out of police custody for 14 days .
The 7 - 2 decision scales back a 1981 high - court decision intended to protest suspects from repeated police badgering to talk and to safeguard the rights established in the 1966 Miranda v. Arizona ruling .
Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas did not join the decision establishing the 14 - day rule , but they voted with the rest of the court to reinstate the conviction of a Maryland man convicted of child sexual abuse .
CASE LOG : Major cases facing the Supreme Court Michael Shatzer was in prison on a different sexual - abuse crime in 2003 when a police detective tried to question him about allegations that he had abused his 3 - year - old son .
Shatzer invoked his right not to talk without a lawyer , and the detective left .
Two - and - a - half years later , another detective , who had obtained additional information about the abuse allegations , returned to the prison to question Shatzer .
Shatzer waived his Miranda rights , and after first denying that he ordered his son to perform oral sex on him , incriminated himself , including by saying , " I did n't force him . "
A trial judge rejected Shatzer 's request that the statements be kept out of trial , and he was convicted of sexual child abuse .
A Maryland appeals court reversed , relying on the 1981 Supreme Court case of Edwards v. Arizona , which generally requires all interrogation to stop once a suspect asks for a lawyer .
It presumes once the suspect invokes his Miranda right , any future waiver of the right when police return is not likely to be voluntarily .
The Maryland appeals court had said the passage of time could not end the protections of Edwards v. Arizona and the concerns about police badgering .
In reversing the state court , the justices said the 2½ - year lapse eliminated the chance that Shatzer would have been coerced to talk .
Writing for the majority , Justice Antonin Scalia said that once a suspect has been released from an interrogation and returned to his " normal life " — even , in this case , when the suspect was still in prison — there is little reason to believe the choice to talk was coerced .
Scalia said the justices needed to set — for future cases — a minimum time for a break from custody and they had determined that 14 days was sufficient .
" That provides plenty of time for the suspect to get reacclimated to his normal life , to consult with friends and counsel , and to shake off any residual coercive effects of his prior custody , " Scalia said .
The National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers had told the justices that allowing new interrogations might give police an incentive " to badger suspects through repetitive catch - and - release tactics . "
" When you have a two - week merry - go - round that the police can now run , there has to be a concern that if the guy invokes the right to counsel and the police keep coming back , that right does n't mean much , " Stanford University professor Jeffrey Fisher , a member of the association , said Wednesday .
Thirty - seven states and the U.S. Justice Department sided with Maryland , which had sought to reinstate Shatzer 's conviction .
Objecting to the 14 - day rule , Justice Stevens said that time might not always be enough to protect a suspect who said he does not want to talk without a lawyer present .
He said a suspect could " feel that the police lied to him and that he really does not have a right to a lawyer . "
Justice Thomas said the new rule of Maryland v. Shatzer was unnecessary .
He found 14 days " arbitrary " and said there was no need for police to wait once custody had ended .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A mother 's nurture may provide powerful protection against risks her baby faces in the womb , according to a new article published online today in the journal Biological Psychiatry .
The research shows that fetuses exposed to high levels of stress hormone - shown to be a harbinger for babies ' poor cognitive development - can escape this fate if their mothers provide them sensitive care during infancy and toddler - hood .
The new study represents the first , direct human evidence that fetuses exposed to elevated levels of the stress hormone cortisol may have trouble paying attention or solving problems later on .
But what may be more intriguing is the study 's second finding - that this negative link disappears almost entirely if the mother forges a secure connection with her baby .
" Our results shape the argument that fetal exposure to cortisol - which may in part be controlled by the mother 's stress level - and early caregiving experience combine to influence a child 's neurodevelopment , " said study author Thomas O'Connor , Ph.D. , professor of Psychiatry and of Psychology at the University of Rochester Medical Center , and director of the Wynne Center for Family Research .
" If future studies confirm these findings , we 'll need to not only engineer ways to reduce stress in pregnancy , but we 'll need to also promote sensitive caregiving by moms and dads . "
A Mother 's Love
For the study , researchers recruited 125 women at an amniocentesis clinic in an urban maternity hospital , taking a sample of their amniotic fluid so that stress hormones in it could be measured .
The mothers were at 17 weeks gestation on average ; only mothers with normal , healthy pregnancies and subsequent deliveries were followed .
When their children reached 17 months of age , researchers administered a Bayley infant developmental scale test , which relies on puzzles , pretend play , and baby " memory " challenges to gauge youngsters ' cognitive development .
They also observed the baby and mother using the Ainsworth " Strange Situation " test , which judges childrearing quality , categorizing mom-baby
pairs as either showing secure or insecure attachment to each other ( to watch a YouTube video of a sample of this sort of test in action , click here ) .
With cortisol levels , relationship quality results , and cognition scores in hand , researchers analyzed how the first two measures might influence the third .
Indeed , for children showing " insecure attachment " to their mothers , a high prenatal cortisol level was linked with shorter attention spans and weaker language and problem - solving skills .
But interestingly , for kids who enjoyed secure relationships with their moms , any negative link between high prenatal cortisol exposure and kids ' cognitive development was eliminated .
" This is such refreshing news for mothers , " O'Connor said .
" Pregnancy is an emotional experience for many women , and there is already so much for mothers to be careful of and concerned about .
It 's a relief to learn that , by being good parents , they might ' buffer ' their babies against potential setbacks . "
Study Spawns Future Questions
O'Connor goes on to note a couple important nuances of the study .
The first is that the amniotic ( in - utero ) cortisol studied could result from two sources , and it's hard to pinpoint which .
It might , for instance , be passed along the placenta from an anxious mother to her unborn baby - or it could be created and excreted directly by a stressed fetus itself .
" While many large - scale studies have observed that prenatal stress may influence child development , our particular study sheds some light on the ' how ' , " O'Connor said .
" Still , much more research is needed to better pinpoint the exact mechanisms behind a mother ' transferring ' her stress to her unborn baby . "
This study plays into the much larger theory of " fetal programming , " which suggests that events in the womb may prime the developing child for long - term health and developmental outcomes .
Past studies , for instance , have found a pregnant mother 's diet can sway a child 's long - term risk for heart disease , diabetes and obesity .
Along with diet , prenatal stress has emerged as another large - looming factor in such programming .
" Our results support this emerging theory , " said London - based study co-author , Vivette Glover , Ph.D . " In neurology , the idea emerging is that unborn children sense their mothers ' stress hormone levels , programming them for greater watchfulness .
We 're trying to determine whether or not that sensitivity comes with greater anxiety during childhood , and if so , what we can do about it . "
The team 's next study will revisit these same children when they turn 6 ; at that point , researchers hope to give the group a battery of more definitive tests to see how the interplay between in - utero cortisol levels and sensitive parenting pans out in the long - term .
Those tests would include imaging studies of the children 's brains , looking to see if the higher cortisol levels may be linked to anatomical changes .
Explore further Stress in the womb can last a lifetime , say researchers behind new exhibit
EIGHT men have now been charged over attempts to perform an exorcism on a teenager at a church youth camp in South Australia 's Barossa Valley .
All have been charged with assault and false imprisonment .
The charges relate to an attempt to perform an exorcism on a 15 - year - old boy at a camp run by the Lutheran Church in April last year .
The eight men have been ordered to appear before the court again in February .
In the Adelaide Magistrates Court on Friday eight men were listed on a new charge sheet that includes serving police officer Roger Kenneth Sketchley .
Sketchley was suspended from duties as a senior constable when he was arrested last year .
The 28 - year - old has been charged with false imprisonment and aggravated assault over the alleged incident which occurred on April 18 at a Lutheran youth camp at Tanunda .
Police will allege he tried to perform the ritual after a 15 - year - old boy complained of stomach pains .
The alleged incident took place over 12 hours and police say the teenager was restrained by other adults .
Rep. Charles Rangel ’s fate inches closer to conclusion today as the House Ethics committee meets to discuss what set of sanctions on Rep.
Rangel they will recommend to the full House of Representatives .
We ’ll be live blogging the event below .
Rep. Charles Rangel Sanctions Hearing
﻿ When we were little our Grandma ( Ruth Wells ) made matching outfits to give her grandchildren every year at Christmas .
It was always the last present we opened and the one that drew the most excitement from this giggling pile of little girls .
She would spend weeks measuring us and keeping her patterns and material hidden … Continue reading The Cowboy & the Seamstress
Delivering accurate steam flow measurement in a space - saver design , the V - Cone Steam Flow Meter from McCrometer is suitable for Campus District Energy Facilities and eliminates many of the common equipment layout problems associated with steam processes in HVAC and Electric Power Co-Generation systems .
Providing precision steam flow measurement , the V - Cone Flow Meter is designed for steam process lines connecting boilers with HVAC systems or co-generation energy systems
At the same time , the V - Cone ’s self - conditioning flow design eliminates most of the straight - pipe requirements typically needed with many flow meter technologies by controlling swirl and other flow disturbances in the pipe that affect measurement accuracy .
The V - Cone is accurate to +0.5 % , with a repeatability of +0.1 % , and requires only 0 - 3 pipe straight diameters upstream and 0 - 1 diameters downstream from the meter .
Nearly all other types of flow meters require as many as 10 pipe straight diameters upstream and 5 pipe diameters downstream from the meter .
In today ’s crowded campus district energy equipment environments , the V - Cone typically reduces real estate , piping material , associated pipe support structure and installation labor by 50 percent or more .
With the V - Cone , larger line sizes mean larger savings .
For example , when the V - Cone is installed in a typical 36 - inch steam process line , it requires from 0 to 3 straight pipe diameters ( 0 - 108 inches ) upstream and 0 - 1 ( 0 - 36 inches ) downstream .
A conventional flow meter would require a straight run of 360 inches upstream and 180 inches downstream .
Add an elbow or U - joint if the pipeline needs to double back and the straight pipe diameter requirements will then double in cost .
The highly efficient , space - saving and precision - accuracy V - Cone Flow Meter is suitable for steam applications such as those found in campus district energy systems
It features built in flow - conditioning and advanced differential pressure ( DP ) technologies .
Operating over a wide flow range , while maintaining its +0.5 % accuracy and +0.1 % repeatability , the V - Cone supports line sizes from 0.5 to 120 inches .
It can be installed virtually anywhere in a new campus district energy piping system or be easily retrofit into an existing piping layout , Because the flow conditioning function is built - into the basic instrument , the V - Cone Flow Meter ’s design is inherently more accurate than traditional DP instruments such as orifice plates and venture tubes .
The V - Cone conditions fluid flow to provide a stable flow profile that increases accuracy .
It features a centrally - located cone inside a tube .
The cone interacts with the fluid flow and reshapes the velocity profile to create a lower pressure region immediately downstream .
The V - Cone features two pressure sensing taps to measure the pressure difference that is exhibited between the static line pressure and the low pressure created downstream of the cone .
One tap is placed slightly upstream of the cone and the other is located in the downstream face of the cone itself .
The pressure difference can then be incorporated into a derivation of the Bernoulli equation to determine the fluid flow rate .
The velocity of the liquid flow at the point of measurement is optimized by the central position of the cone in the line .
It forms very short vortices as the flow passes the cone .
These short vortices create a low amplitude , high frequency signal for excellent signal stability .
The result is a highly stable flow profile that is repeatable for continuously accurate flow measurement .
All of this is possible with a minimal straight pipe run of 0 to 3 diameters upstream and 0 to 1 diameters downstream from the meter .
For more information , visit www.mccrometer.com
Targeted Killing in Dubai A Mossad Operation Gone Awry ?
The assassination of Hamas functionary Mahmoud al - Mabhouh is widely believed to have been the work of the Mossad .
But why would Israel 's legendary intelligence service allow the identity of its agents to be compromised ?
The affair looks set to damage the Mossad 's reputation -- and unleash more bloodshed .
By SPIEGEL staff .
Getting Started Making Biodiesel
by Graydon Blair of Utah Biodiesel Supply INTRODUCTION
Welcome to our Getting Started page !
We 've packed this page with everything you 'll need to know from A to Z to get you started making Biodiesel .
When you make your own fuel , you not only get the benefits of running biodiesel , but you get the savings benefits of making it yourself .
In many cases , when produced from oil obtained for free , Biodiesel really can be produced for under $ 1.00 a gallon .
This page will give you the basics of what it takes to make Biodiesel as well as give you some great resources for getting started .
Soon , you could be making fuel for next to nothing and enjoying the great benefits of producing and using your own fuel .
So , let 's get started !
To make things easy , we 've grouped the page into the sections listed below .
As you read through the page , you 'll see links that say
BACK TO TOP .
If you click on them , it 'll bring you back to the top of the page allowing you to jump quickly from section to section .
Be Sure To Also Check Out Our Tutorial Videos !
Also , after you 've read through this article , be sure to visit our Biodiesel Tutorial Page to learn more about Biodiesel and how to make it .
Click Here To See The Video Tutorial Page Also , after you 've read through this article , be sure to visit our Biodiesel Tutorial Page to learn more about Biodiesel and how to make it .
WHAT IS BIODIESEL
To begin , let 's first talk about what Biodiesel is : Biodiesel is a replacement for diesel fuel that can be used in most diesel engines .
It has properties that allow it to burn and perform similar to diesel fuel making it an ideal replacement to petroleum based diesel fuel .
Biodiesel can be made from plant oils such as soybean oil , canola oil , cottonseed oil , and others or from animal fats such as beef or chicken tallow or pork lard .
It can also be made from used fryer oil that 's discarded by restaurants as a waste product ; which is what we 'll be focusing on .
So , yes , that really means you can make fuel out of what restaurants consider to be garbage !
I tend to think of it as liquid gold ... and soon you may think the same as well !
Because Biodiesel can be used as a direct replacement for diesel fuel in most diesel powered vehicles , this means that you can make Biodiesel yourself at a fraction of the cost per gallon of what you would normally pay for diesel fuel !
In fact , in most cases people are producing their own Biodiesel for less than a $ 1.50 per gallon !
Not bad eh ?
Learn More About What Biodiesel Is Here
How We Collect Oil
Here at Utah Biodiesel
Supply we collect so much oil that we needed to upgrade to something a little more " industrial - grade " to make collecting quicker and easier .
To do this , we bought a lift - gate , threw it on the back of a pickup , and now we collect oil by swapping out full barrels of oil for empty ones .
We seal the barrels with barrel rings and try to collect them when they 're about half - full .
One day I took a camera along so we could show everyone how we do it .
You can check it out here .
Click here to see how we collect oil
For more information on collecting waste oil , click on these great articles below :
Collecting Oil 101 - Tips & Tricks Murphys Machines Guide To Collecting Oil
Collaborative Tutorial Guide On Negotiating For Oil
Reducing Acid Level
If the oil you obtain contains a high free fatty acid level , then you may want to consider reducing the acid level in the oil before using it to make Biodiesel with .
Making Biodiesel from high free fatty acid feedstock can be done , but it 's kind of a pain .
The reason is because you end up using so much extra catalyst that by the time you have Biodiesel , you 'll also have a lot of soap to deal with .
Soap is the by - product that comes from neutralizing the acid with a strong base .
It 's just not fun to deal with .
If the oil you obtain contains a high free fatty acid level , then you may want to consider reducing the acid level in the oil before using it to make Biodiesel with .
Making Biodiesel from high free fatty acid feedstock can be done , but it 's kind of a pain .
The reason is because you end up using so much extra catalyst that by the time you have Biodiesel , you 'll also have a lot of soap to deal with .
Soap is the by - product that comes from neutralizing the acid with a strong base .
It 's just not fun to deal with .
Reducing the acid content can be done several ways .
Here 's two effective methods that we 're aware of .
Caustic Stripping
This involves dissolving some of the strong base ( either Sodium or Potassium Hydroxide ) into water and then adding the mixture to the oil .
This will cause the free fatty acids in the oil to bind to the strong base and form soap .
The soap is then removed from the oil , the oil is dewatered , and then can be used to make Biodiesel with .
This method , while effective , will decrease the yield of Biodiesel you 'll obtain from it because a portion of the oil gets converted into soap .
While we at Utah Biodiesel Supply have never used caustic stripping as a means of reducing free fatty acids , we know that it can be done and is effective .
We just prefer to use the second method .
For more information on Caustic Stripping , we recommend the following :
Article on Caustic Stripping Rick of B100 Supply wrote this great thread
Infopop Search Searched for Caustic Stripping at the Infopop Biodiesel Forum
Google Search
This links to a Google search using biodiesel and caustic stripping as key words .
Acid Esterification
This method uses sulfuric acid to modify the free fatty acids ( FFA 's ) in the oil so that they can still be made into Biodiesel .
It 's the preferred method to use among biodieselers when dealing with high free fatty acid oil .
The reason it 's preferred is because instead of converting the FFA 's into soap like caustic stripping does , it actually modifies the acid chains and allows them to be converted into Biodiesel .
This means that the yield wo n't suffer as much as it does in caustic stripping .
This method uses sulfuric acid to modify the free fatty acids ( FFA 's ) in the oil so that they can still be made into Biodiesel .
It 's the preferred method to use among biodieselers when dealing with high free fatty acid oil .
The reason it 's preferred is because instead of converting the FFA 's into soap like caustic stripping does , it actually modifies the acid chains and allows them to be converted into Biodiesel .
This means that the yield wo n't suffer as much as it does in caustic stripping .
There are several recipes for performing acid esterification , but the one most commonly used is to use 1 mL of sulfuric acid for every liter of oil you have .
For instance , if you have 190 liters of oil , you 'd use 190 mL of sulfuric acid .
While this method works extremely well , it 's important that the oil be extremely dry before using this method .
If it 's not dry the sulfuric acid will react with the water istead and the reaction wo n't occur as readily .
It 's also important that the sulfuric acid be highly concentrated ; usually 95 % pure or better is recommended .
This is the method that our automated BioPro processors utilize to handle high free fatty acid oil .
We 've seen it work extremely well .
We 've been able to make Biodiesel from some pretty nasty oil using this method and have become extremly impressed with how well it will work .
There are some downsides to using acid esterification .
The biggest downside is that it takes more time for the reaction to occur .
In fact , most people that attempt to do it typically do n't wait long enough for the reaction to work and run into problems .
When using this method plan on adding at least 6 - 8 hours of additional reaction time for the esterification process to work right .
Keep the oil as dry as possible , use only highly concentrated sulfuric acid , and give it enough time and you should see good results .
Another important note on using this method .
Be sure your equipment can handle sulfuric acid .
Black steel and sulfuric acid do n't like each other .
They can get along in diluted quantities for a while ( 1 mL to 1 liter is somewhat diluted ) but it 's not recommended .
For more information on using this method , we highly recommend our sulfuric acid biodiesel tutorial article !.
Click here to go directly to the article .
If Acid Esterification interests you , we carry Sulfuric Acid in a couple different sizes .
Click here to see our selection .
LEGAL STUFF ( you must agree to this before proceeding )
By reading the rest of this article , you hereby absolve ( ' hold harmless ' )
Utah Biodiesel Supply , MGBJ Enterprises , and any of it's employees or staff from any and all responsibility for any potential harm to person(s ) or property that may result from the use or misuse ( accidental or intentional ) of this information .
You understand that Methanol ( Methyl - Alcohol ) , Sodium Hydroxide ( Lye , NaOH ) , Potassium Hydroxide ( Caustic Potash , KOH ) , and Sulfuric Acid ( H2SO4 ) are highly corrosive chemical substances and may be dangerous or harmful if misused .
You hereby accept full and sole responsibility for any potential harm to person(s ) or property that may result from the use or misuse ( accidental or intentional ) of this information .
If you do n't agree with the above , discontinue reading this article and proceed no further .
Still reading ?
Great !
Now that we 've got that out of the way we can proceed .
While Biodiesel can be done in a safe manner , it 's extremely important that you practice good safety techniques and watch what you 're doing .
You 're dealing with some pretty dangerous chemicals and if you do n't watch it you really can get hurt .
Respect it for what it is , treat it safely , be cautious and prudent and things will probably go well .
Below are two MUST READ guides on Biodiesel Safety .
Biodiesel Safety Article from the Collaborative Biodiesel Tutorial
Biodiesel Best Practices Excellent guide from Penn State on producing Biodiesel safely .
Here are some additional precautions we also recommend following :
PRECAUTIONS
1- You 'll be dealing with some fairly caustic chemicals , an alcohol called Methanol , fair amounts of heat , and the transferring of flammable fluids from one container to container so it's a good idea to have a fire extinguisher around that is capable of putting out an oil based fire .
2 - Biodiesel should always be made in a well - ventilated area away from children and pets with the proper safety equipment utilized .
3 - Before making large batches of Biodiesel , check with your local municipality and fire marshall to ensure that any chemicals , alcohol , or other substances you will use are being stored and used within the proper laws and ordinances for your area .
Some areas refer back to state and federal fire codes .
It 's always a good idea to check before you get started .
Click
Here for some helpful tips on working with your local municipality & fire department 4 - Using home made Biodiesel in a diesel engine vehicle may void your manufacturer 's warranty .
Although the steps outlined to make it are fairly bullet proof and have been tested in several thousands of vehicles all over the world , there 's no guarantee your engine manufacturer will honor your warranty .
5 - Biodiesel is considered a fuel so if you plan to use it in a vehicle for on - road use , it may be subject to taxes .
Check with your state and federal taxing agencies if in question .
6 - Biodiesel itself , when properly made , is actually quite safe .
It 's less toxic than table salt and degrades faster than sugar .
It has a higher flash point ( point at which it ignites ) than regular petrodiesel and if spilled is n't considered toxic .
OK , with that out of the way , let 's start discussing how to make Biodiesel .
OK , with that out of the way , let 's start discussing how to make Biodiesel .
Below is the basic theory of what you 'll be doing to produce it .
In really simple terms here 's what happens :
1- Put your pre-treated oil in a processor
2- Heat the oil up to about 130 - 135 deg F ( make sure your processor can handle the heat ! )
3- Figure out how much catalyst ( lye or caustic potash ) you 'll need ( Titration )
4- Add the strong base ( lye or caustic potash ) to the methanol to make methoxide
5- Add the methoxide to the oil & mix it all up
6- Let it separate & pull off the glycerin
7- Wash it & dry it
8- Add it to the tank & drive on down the road !
Here 's the basic recipe
1- Start with a known amount of oil .
2- Oil Amount X 0.20 = Methanol required
3- Titrate Oil = Strong Base required
4- Mix Methanol & Strong
Base together until fully dissolved
4- Heat oil to 130 - 135 ° F
5- Kill heat source & add methoxide to oil
6- Mix for 2 hours
7- Allow to sit for 18 - 24 hours
8- Drain off glycerin
9- Wash out excess contaminants
10 - Remove any water by drying the Biodiesel
11 - Add final product to diesel tank
12 - Drive away !
EXAMPLE :
1- Add 100 liters of oil to processor & turn on the heat
2- Measure out 20 liters of Methanol
3- Titrate oil using KOH as strong base
4- Assume a Titration of 3 .
5- 3 + 7 = 10 grams per liter .
10 X 100 = 1,000 grams
4- Add 1,000 grams of KOH to the methanol
5- Allow the KOH to fully dissolve
6- Once the oil hits 130 deg F , kill the heat
7- Slowly add the KOH / Methanol mixture to the processor
8- Mix everything in the processor for at least 2 hours
9- After 2 hours , allow it to sit for 18 - 24 hours
10 - After it 's sat , drain off the glycerin
11 - Transfer it to a wash tank
12 - Wash and dry the Biodiesel
13 - Once dry , add it to the fuel tank & drive away !
For a great analogy of what is going on chemically during the reaction , Click Here !
For more detailed information on making Biodiesel , visit the links below :
Make Biodiesel Website A great tutorial page on making biodiesel complete with plans for building biodiesel processing equipment .
Kitchen Biodiesel Explains the basisc of making a small batch .
Wikipedia Biodiesel Recipe
Well written recipe for making a small batch of Biodiesel .
I believe it 's based off of Mike Pelly 's recipe .
World Famous Dr. Pepper Method - Part 1
Part I of a recipe for making a small batch of Biodiesel in a Dr. Pepper bottle .
Followed by many the first time they make biodiesel .
Dangerous Laboratories Great instructions for making a batch of Biodiesel for the first time .
Complete with pictures and detailed instructions .
Infopop Biodiesel Forum Great place to post questions and learn about making Biodiesel .
Appleseed Biodiesel Instructions Instructions for making Biodiesel in a hot water heater .
To learn more about washing Biodiesel , be sure to visit these great sites :
Using A Standpipe Wash Tank Learn how to use a Biodiesel Standpipe Wash Tank !
Washing Biodiesel Great article from the Collaborative Biodiesel Tutorial .
Breaking Emulsions With Salt
If you water wash , one day you 'll make an emulsion .
It 's just gonna happen .
Here 's a quick way to break them !
We stock a full supply of great Biodiesel Washing Devices .
Everything from misters to complete wash tank kits and everything in between .
We 've even taken videos of each mister misting to show the different flow rates .
Click on any of the pictures above to see more information on a misting product .
Click
Here to see more washing supplies .
DRYING BIODIESEL
If you use water to wash your Biodiesel , you 'll need to dry it when you 're done .
Diesel engines REALLY HATE water in the fuel .
It 'll kill a fuel injector really fast and can corrode the fuel injection systems .
It 's just not pretty !
If you use water to wash your Biodiesel , you 'll need to dry it when you 're done .
Diesel engines REALLY HATE water in the fuel .
It 'll kill a fuel injector really fast and can corrode the fuel injection systems .
It 's just not pretty !
So , now that you know you want to get rid of the water , let 's talk about how it can be done .
First off , there 's a million different ways to dry Biodiesel .
You 'll find them scattered all over the internet if you look .
For our purposes , we 'll just discuss some of the more simple ways to do it .
Use The Sun
One of the easiest ways to do it is to set your Biodiesel out in the hot sun & let mother nature work it 's magic .
If it 's warm enough , the heat from the sun can help evaporate off all that water fairly quickly .
When I first learned how to make Biodiesel , this is the method I was shown .
We 'd stick 5 gallon buckets out in the hot sun with a screen over top of them & let the heat work it 's magic .
To see if it was done we 'd point a laser at it & shine it down through the Biodiesel .
If we could see the laser on the bottom of the 5 gallon drum we called it dry .
Yep .
Pretty simple .
Pretty archaic & primitive .
Probably not the best way to do it , but , it worked ... at the time .
Bubble Drying
Another method that 's a little more effective than using the sun is to use air bubbles .
To do so , attach a bubbler to an air line , drop it into the biodiesel somewhat near the bottom and turn on the air .
Then allow the air to bubble for at least 7 - 10 hours .
Depending on ambient temperature and relative humidity in the room the biodiesel can dry fairly quickly .
In order for this method to work well , it 's important that the Biodiesel be kept warm .
If using a Stand Pipe Wash Tank , an aquarium heater can be used to keep the temperature warm .
We recommend keeping it at about 80 - 90 ° F while bubble drying .
We stock a great Biodiesel Bubbling Kit as well as a Stainless Steel Aquarium Heater that can be used for bubble - washing .
Recirculatory Drying
Another extremely effective method of drying Biodiesel is to recirculate it on top of itself .
Essentially , you rig up a pump to pull the biodiesel from the bottom of the tank and spray it back on top of itself at the top of the tank .
This works so well because you actually circulate the whole batch of Biodiesel several times .
The moisture evaporates away as the biodiesel is circulated .
For this to work well , it 's important to be able to heat the Biodiesel up .
Typically to temperatures above 80 to 90 ° F .
Once the Biodiesel is hot , simply turn on the circulatory system and allow it to do its work .
After just a few hours , the Biodiesel can be completely dried .
For more details on how this can be done we recommend visiting the following
Drying Washed Biodiesel Article at the Collaborative Biodiesel Tutorial
We carry a great nozzle designed to help dry Biodiesel in a circulatory system .
Click here for more information on this great drying nozzle .
Click here to see a video of this great nozzle in action .
We also carry a complete oil drying tank kit !
CONCLUSION :
This concludes our Getting Started article on Biodiesel .
We encourage you to read through our selection of other great articles on Biodiesel This concludes our Getting Started article on Biodiesel .
We encourage you to read through our selection of other great articles on Biodiesel Additional Utah Biodiesel Supply Articles
Why Biodiesel ?
addresses why we believe Biodiesel is such a great alternative to petro diesel
Basics of Biodiesel explains the background of Biodiesel production including some of the chemistry
How Its Made shows the basic theory of how Biodiesel can be produced
Titrating
Oil gives an overview of what a titration is and how it can be performed
Using Biodiesel discusses how easy it is to use Biodiesel as a replacement for petro-diesel .
Find out which Michigan spots near Lake Superior called best in 2020
Physics Games simulate physical properties of objects like weight and mass in a playable environment .
Some sandbox and physics puzzle games here at Silvergames.com introduce gravity to the challenge , allowing you to throw characters around like ragdolls .
You can even use our free physics games as part of your education .
Learn about inertia and accelaration as boulders roll down a hill until they crash into something and score big points .
Naturally , all our physics games are suitable for kids !
Online physics based games come in different shapes .
Some ask you to rearrange objects so that when your ragdoll is dropped from above , it end up at the level 's exit .
The best games are educational puzzles that incorporate elements of physics .
In each sandbox - style level you have to arrange ramps and objects so that they gather enough momentum to destroy anything that 's in their way .
If balls rolling downs slopes , trinkets swinging on a rope and objects catching fire sounds like fun to you , then our top free physics games have everything you need to experiment and try out your wild ideas .
The Indian and Chinese governments have had a rethink on signing the Copenhagen Accord , officials said on Saturday , and the UN has also indefinitely postponed its Jan 31 deadline for countries to accede to the document .
An Indian official said that though the government had been thinking of signing the accord because it “ did not have any legal teeth and would be good diplomatically ” ; it felt irked because of repeated messages from both UN officials and developed countries to accede to it .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has written to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon seeking a number of clarifications on the implications of the accord that India -- with five other countries -- had negotiated in the last moments of the Copenhagen climate summit in December , the officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
“ That letter , and the defeat of the Democrats in the Massachusetts bypoll , has forced the UN to postpone the deadline indefinitely , ” an official said .
“ With the Democrats losing in one of their strongholds , the chances of the climate bill going through the US senate have receded dramatically .
“ So if the US is not going to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 17 percent , which was a very weak target anyway , why should we make any commitment even if it does not have any legal teeth ? ” the official said .
China also appears in no mood to sign the accord .
“ With the deadline postponed , we are not going to sign now , ” said a Chinese official now here to take part in the BASIC ( Brazil , South Africa , India , China ) meeting to chalk out a climate strategy .
The meeting of the four environment ministers Sunday is likely to end with the announcement of a fund they will set up to help other developing countries cope with the effects of climate change , said an official of the environment ministry .
Only four countries -- Australia , Canada , Papua New Guinea and the Maldives -- have signed the Copenhagen Accord so far , though Brazil , South Africa and South Korea have also indicated their willingness to do so .
Though Australia and Canada have signed , they have not indicated the greenhouse gas emission reductions they are committing under the accord -- something developed countries are supposed to do .
The spaceship is n't NASA 's only great invention .
Hemera / Thinkstock
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , the U.S. government agency that runs the country 's civilian space program , has accomplished some truly amazing feats since its inception in 1958 -- from beating the Soviet Union in the race to put astronauts on the moon , to exploring the surface of Mars with unmanned robotic vehicles .
So you 're probably not surprised to hear that NASA employs a pretty awesome brain trust of scientific and engineering talent in a wide array of fields , from astronomy and physics to chemistry , biology and materials science .
NASA has invented all sorts of technology to solve the peculiar problems of space exploration .
In the 1950s and early 1960s , it created the revolutionary three - axis stabilization control design that enables satellites to point their antennas , instruments and solar panels with precision .
Since then , it 's been such a prolific problem solver that about one in every 1,000 U.S. patents is granted to someone working on a NASA project [ source : Rayl ] .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In fact , the NASA workforce is so ingenious that quite a few of its inventions are useful for those of us who stay on the ground .
The agency even has a special administrative branch , the Technology Utilization Program , which focuses on helping companies turn the ideas behind space gadgetry into industrial and consumer innovations .
The list of inventions is certainly long , but if we have to single out a few favorites , these 10 would top the list .
I suppose we 'll have to sit with hands clasped and eyes straight ahead , too .
And heaven forbid you need to use the bathroom !
( Better get out the adult Depends . )
Why , it 'll be just like being back in Catholic school .
Good thing so many of us are unemployed and can't afford to fly :
In the wake of the terrorism attempt Friday on a Northwest Airlines flight , federal officials on Saturday imposed a new layer of restrictions on travelers that could lengthen lines at airports and limit the ability of international passengers to move about an airplane .
Among other steps being imposed , passengers on international flights coming to the United States will apparently have to remain in their seats for the last hour of a flight without any personal items on their laps .
Overseas passengers will be restricted to only one carry - on item aboard the plane , and domestic passengers will probably face longer security lines .
The restrictions will again change the routine of air travel , which has undergone an upheaval since the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington in September 2001 and three attempts at air terrorism since then .
Just a day after the attempt on Friday , travelers at airports around the world began experiencing heightened screening in security lines .
On one flight , from Newark Airport , flight attendants kept cabin lights on for the entire trip instead of dimming them for takeoff and landing .
This is a technical post relating to the production of oil from heavy sand deposits , such as those in Alberta .
It is a part of an ongoing series of tech talks , and should probably be read after the post last week on surface mining of those deposits .
It is simplified , and relatively short , and so there are some details that are abbreviated , but longer answers can be provided through comments .
Surface mining of oil sand can only progress so far before the gradually deepening seams of the sand become too deep to continue to economically mine them .
At the same time the viscosity of the oil is such that it does not flow easily to a conventional type of a well .
This is not a new problem for the oil industry , which has had to address issues with the quality of the oil that it finds coming out of a well more than once over the past decades .
One of the more easily applicable methods for improving the flow characteristics of the oil is through heating it .
( And a quick caveat , the quantities of heat that I am talking about at the moment are significantly different from those that are needed in treating oil shale .
I will come to that topic in a couple or three weeks . )
The example of the effect that temperature makes on the ease with which a fluid flows that always first comes to my mind is of a visit to the Nurse ’s cabin north of Montreal one winter , a long time ago , when after struggling through waist - high snow , we sat and poured whisky from a bottle left there , as we waited for the wood stove to heat the cabin .
When we started the Scotch poured as though it was a heavy syrup .
Viscocity of an oil is something that we usually only think about when we buy the engine oil that we put into the car on odd occasion .
Buying the right oil means either looking for the little label that has the right description or reading the manual to get the number .
But the oil that we buy for the engine is rated in part on how it behaves at different temperatures .
We want the oil in the engine to easily circulate around the parts , and lubricate them from the time that we switch the engine on .
But if the engine starts cold , and the oil is too thick , then it may not move easily around the parts , which may run dry for a while and wear more rapidly – which is not good .
However if the oil becomes too thin once the engine reaches operating temperature then it does n’t act as a good lubricant , and again engine wear is increased .
And so manufacturers of the oil will adjust the contents , depending where in the country they plan on selling the oil , and what the temperature variations the oil can expect to operate under there .
( And this is why oil is sometimes bought with two numbers – as in 10 W - 30 – the first number relates to the cold start , and the latter the performance at the engine operating temperature .
And the higher the number the more viscose the oil is under those conditions . )
A typical oil found up in the oil sands of Alberta is much thicker , and more difficult to flow under normal operating conditions than that used in a car .
For the areas of the province that are too deep for surface mining the temperature is not affected much by the changes in surface temperature , but the ground temperature is still low enough that the oil is very viscose , and production from a normal vertical well is usually too slow to justify the expense of putting in a well .
So how can the viscocity be reduced ?
For a simple example , take an apple , which has fallen in the butter , and you want to clean it off .
If you take the apple and put it under a cold stream of water the butter sticks to the apple , but if you raise the water temperature , suddenly the butter melts and runs off the apple .
This happens best at about 185 deg F , and if you were to turn a pressure washer onto a greasy surface you would find that it works better if the water is also heated above that temperature .
( Some pressure washers are sold that way ) .
Think now , if you will , of little Johnnie ( helped of course by Jessica ) having raided the orchard and spread butter onto all the apples , gluing them together and filling the kitchen full , right to the ceiling .
How do we clean the butter off and get it back without taking all the apples out and cleaning them one by one ( which is sort of what they do with the surface mined oil sand up in Canada ) .
We could just stand in the hall and stick heaters up against the wall of apples , hoping that the heat would melt the butter and work its way back to the ones further into the kitchen .
That sort of works , but burns the local apples and does n't reach all that far .
( They have tried setting fires inside oil wells , and we ’ll get to that maybe next week ) .
You could fill the kitchen with hot water , but while that washes out some of the butter , a lot of the heat goes into the apples and the water is cold before it reaches the back of the room .
And the water does n't have that much pressure to push the remaining butter off the apples .
What we need is something that will get through the gaps between the apples and keep its heat .
So how about steam ?
So you go and get a steam cleaner ( such as you use for carpet cleaning ) and blow the steam into the apples .
That works but as the butter starts to flow out it clogs the gaps and starts to re-harden except when the steam is right there .
So you start to run the steam for a bit , stop and collect the butter that comes out , run the steam for a bit , etc .
You can do this in an oil well and it has the exciting technical name of " Huff and Puff " ( would I kid you ? ) .
To make the steam more effective it is heated to between 150 and 300 deg C .
Where the rock is very permeable and the steam can , in time , work its way back through the particles ( apples ) this can recover a lot of our butter .
But you still lose a lot of heat , which is expensive to generate , just in heating the apples .
The NETL shows how the process works , in three steps :
Huff
Soak
Puff
- The 3 stages of the process as illustrated by NETL .
The problem is that this is still limited by the length of the borehole through the deposit , and because it is an intermittent process , it does n’t give a continuous flow of oil .
However , with the advent of directional and horizontal well drilling , the first part of that problem can be solved , and a longer hole can be drilled into the sand to give a higher exposure to the steam being fed in .
Then , to allow a continuous supply of steam into the sand , a second well can be drilled so that the steam is constantly flowing out of the one ( upper ) well into the oil sand , and as the steam reduces the viscocity of the oil , so it flows easily into the lower well which can then capture it and carry it to the surface .
Because the steam is cooled to water during the process , this is also recovered with the heavy oil , and is then separated from it .
In some cases , as I mentioned last time , there is also some natural gas in the formation and this is also recovered and separated .
It is often used to heat the water ( as much of which as possible will be that reclaimed from the steam ) to feed it back into the process .
Artist 's illustration of the SAGD process ( Devon Canada Corp )
The entire process is called Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage ( SAGD – pronounced Sag - D ) and over a 30 - year period has become the popular method for getting the deeper oil from the oil sand .
Just this week , for example , Alberta Oilsands Inc. has filed an application to install a set of 6 paired wells at a site that is a mile from Fort McMurray Airport .
The six sets of wells will produce some 4,500 bd .
The lower well runs along the base of the formation , while the steam injection well is located above it , and about half way down the formation depth .
( It should be noted that the application is also considering a later use of electro - magnetic heating ) .
Typically several sets of wells are laid out beside each other to provide an interaction between the wells and heat the intervening oil so that it can be recovered .
For example , this layout is taken from the application of Devon Canada Corporation for an expansion of their Jackfish project to produce an additional 35,000 bd .
Notice , in the layout below , the close pattern of the parallel well sites .
Schematic of a surface layout over the SAGD wells .
There have been a number of different posts at The Oil Drum about SAG - D over the years .
Dave Cohen wrote about some of problems as seen in 2006 , particularly as they related to the problem of natural gas supply for , among other uses , heating the water to steam .
But I ’ll return to the issue of adding heat to oil sands , and then get on to oil shales in the weeks ahead .
Write a speech for me because I am very busy .
And do n't be a dickhead about it .
When I was growing up , the only thing I wanted to be was an astronaut .
This may seem like a normal aspiration for many children but I was well into my teens , late teens , before realising my chances of reaching the stars were less than minimal .
Ok , mid twenties .
The high grade requirement in physics and maths may have something to do with it but I like to blame the lack of space shuttle availability in Australia .
I would have been a terrible NASA employee anyway , preferring to spin around in capsules and jump high than spending my time connecting module bolt 962 - A to 962 - B .
As an alternative to a career requiring high academic achievement , I chose one requiring none at all .
The degree comprised mainly of taking copius amounts of drugs and wearing Doc Martins and talking derisively about people who do not understand the difference between Helvetica Neue and Helvetica .
From : Thomas
Date : Wednesday 27 January 2010 3.12pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Speech
I have been asked to be part of the Speakers in Schools program this Friday and have to present a speech to the students at Bansia Park High School .
It just has to be the opening speech and I will then go through the powerpoint presentation and show them examples of graphic design and branding we have done .
I am very busy so can you write the opening speech ?
It just needs to be five minutes or so about the company and what we do .
TJ From : David Thorne
Date : Wednesday 27 January 2010 3.26pm
To : Thomas
Subject : Re : Speech
Dear Thomas ,
How does this affect your court order imposed five hundred metre ban from schools ?
Regards , David .
From : Thomas
Date : Wednesday 27 January 2010 4.02pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Speech
Just write the opening speech please and do n't be a dickhead about it .
TJ
From : David Thorne
Date : Wednesday 27 January 2010 5.16pm
To : Thomas
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Speech
Dear Thomas ,
I have attached the first draft of your opening speech .
It may require a few tweaks but basically introduces you to the students and provides a clear understanding of what working in the design industry entails .
Let me know of any changes you require .
Regards , David .
Good morning students .
My name is Thomas and I have driven this extraordinary distance from the nice suburbs to speak to you today despite the fact I am not being paid to do so and it does n't count as part of my community service .
I had the secretary check .
It has been a long time since I was in a school environment and it brings back many memories .
Some fond , some painful .
For many years I was called cruel names because of the size of my head and rocks were thrown at me as I crossed the schoolyard due to being an easy target .
Thankfully , Mrs Carter was eventually transferred to teach english at a different school and the bullying stopped .
It was obvious from the poor grade she gave me for my essay , about a space teacher who deals with racial issues when he transfers to a school on the planet Beta - 5 titled ' To sir with the only emotional responses that can be generated by a species that has evolved in a methane atmosphere seventy times the pressure of Earth's ' , that her hostility masked a burning jealousy of my superior writing abilities and I explained this to her on several occassions .
A short time later , the replacement english teacher , Mr Amorelli , asked me to stay back after class to discuss my grades but instead made me stand on a desk , undress slowly and dance in a circular motion .
At first I was afraid and ashamed but then the power of dance overcame me and I danced like I have never danced before .
Like that welder in the movie Flashdance .
And that is what graphic design and branding is about ; when the client asks you to fit eighteen pages of text onto a single sided A4 flyer and increase the type size to twelve point , simply find your special place and dance .
It does n't matter if there is no music ; create the rhythm by clapping , humming or building a musical instrument using tightly drawn string and a cardboard box .
A stick with bottle tops nailed to it does not count as a musical instrument .
Nobody wants to hear that .
I usually tap out No Sleep Till Brooklyn by the Beastie Boys with spoons but it comes down to personal preference and implement availability .
And here 's a PowerPoint presentation ...
From : Thomas
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 10.02am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
What the fuck is this ?
I told you not to be a dickead about it .
Just write something normal that explains design and branding to young students please .
I do n't know how old they are probably grade 6 . I have to present on Friday morning .
TJ
From : David Thorne
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 10.38am
To : Thomas
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
Dear Thomas ,
I appreciate how important this speech is to you .
It is entirely possible that in ten or twenty years these young students may be running their own corporation that requires design services and think to themselves " Who was that man that came to our school and talked about his car , Discovery channel and his rooftop for three hours ?
The one with the large head .
I should give him a call because I need a business card designed . "
I have , therefore , revised the speech accordingly to target this younger demographic .
Let me know of any changes required .
Regards , David .
Hello boys and girls .
( Wave .
With both hands so those at the back can see you . )
My name is Thomas and I drove here in a motor car .
Once upon a time , there was an evil wizard who tried to cast a spell on a young boy .
Luckily , the young boy was able to defeat the evil wizard by doing a magical spinning dance .
Without the use of bottle tops nailed to a stick .
And that is what graphic design and branding is about ; spinning really fast .
( Demonstrate . )
And here 's a PowerPoint presentation ...
From : Thomas
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 11.49am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
I have to present this tomorrow morning .
What the fuck is wrong with you ?
I will write it myself if you cant do as you are asked .
TJ
From : David Thorne
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 12.26pm
To : Thomas
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
Dear Thomas ,
Alright , but going by the amount of client proposals that have been sent out in the last six months , it has been a while since you have actually written anything .
Just remember , the big letters mean you have started writing and the dots mean you have finished .
The dots with tails means you are talking , then pausing , then talking , and then pausing , again .
Regards , David .
From : Thomas
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 2.19 pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
The reason no client proposals have gone out lately is due to the global financial crisis .
My job is hard enough without you being a dickhead when I ask you to write one fucking opening speech .
For students !
How hard can that be ?
I have to give the speech tomorrow morning and I expect you to email me something usable before then .
TJ
From : David Thorne
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 3.46pm
To : Thomas
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
Dear Thomas ,
Thank you for explaining that the several hours of your day spent playing online poker is a direct result of the weak US dollar .
I apologise for the previous drafts which I agree , with hindsight , do not give a clear understanding of your important role .
Please find attached the amended and final draft .
Regards , David .
Good morning students .
My name is Thomas and I have been asked to speak to you today about being a graphic designer and running a design and branding agency .
I never intended to be a graphic designer .
I have always wanted to work with cheese .
When I was a young boy I would make my own and go door to door selling it in the small village where I was raised .
One particularly warm summer , I made enough money to buy a bicycle and started my own home cheese delivery company , taking orders via two way radio .
I painted a pair of my father 's overalls bright yellow , cutting holes to symbolise swiss cheese , and rode throughout the village calling " Cheese .
Cheese for sale . "
People would often point and say " There 's that kid on the bicycle who makes his own cheese .
Look at the size of his head . "
Eventually my business was shut down due to government officials not understanding the self fermentation benefits of guinea - pig milk , but not before I learned the benefits of company branding and had raised enough capital to start my own branding company .
Unfortunately , my design director , David Thorne , who has been responsible for the majority of high profile client branding projects for the company over the last eight years , just formally tendered his resignation , effective immediately .
David citied the inability of the company owner to actively seek new clients , a salary that professional bag ladies would ridicule , third world working conditions and beating his own high score in an office game he devised called ' staring at the wall wondering what happy people are doing ' as his main reasons .
David thanked the staff and I for the opportunities that were provided to him during his time with the company and wished me all the best with my personal and professional endeavors .
And with the speech .
And here 's a PowerPoint presentation ...
From : Thomas
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 4.13 pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
Fine .
From : David Thorne
Date : Thursday 28 January 2010 4.26pm
To : Thomas
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Speech
Fine .
WJ Walton from the Escapist sez , " the new project I 've launched is called Read an RPG Book in Public Week .
The idea is to encourage gamers to take their favorite RPG books with them when they leave the house and ' get caught ' reading them in a public place ( on the bus , waiting for the train , at the park or coffeehouse , etc. )
The goal is to increase the visibility and understanding of the hobby , and possibly even bring in some new players ( or bring back some old ones ) .
The first event this year is this upcoming week – Feb. 28th to March 6th . "
Advertisements
Sarah Palin raked in around 2 million dollars as the of the end of the fiscal year reporting for SarahPAC shows , but instead of helping the cause , Palin is helping herself to the tune of one million dollars for paying for her private jet charter , billboard faux bus tour , expensive suites , while donating only $ 65,000 to candidates .
Raking in around 2 million as of the end of the fiscal reporting year for PACs ( 12/31/2009 ) — 400,000 or so of which came from her own book sales to her followers ( oh , how I love thee … let me count the money ) , Palin ’s SarahPAC is not the front - running GOP PAC , but she is definitely a player .
And it ’s all for the “ cause ” ya’ know ?
“ Those common sense causes ” .
Yes .
Advertisements
Like over a million spent on promoting Sarah , paying for her private jet charter , billboard faux bus tour , expensive suites , entourage expenses , various “ media consulting ” fees paid to long time friends ( some of whom were on her gov payroll simulateanously ? ) , and 50 k to a web developer last fall who has n’t done a thing for SarahPAC ’s website , at least not visibly .
http://www.box.net/shared/vk23ie126e
But gosh , that web designer did a heck of a job , Brownie , on Sarah ’s “ Alaska Fund Trust ” , you know , the place SarahPAC and C4P were urging her supporters to donate for her “ legal fees ” , only the trust is set up to pay Palin and her family and friends for any reason at all , with no public accounting of the money ?
Yes , the one that was deemed illegal / unethical .
The one she was urged to dismantle by that Ethics Board staffed by her cronies .
Right before she quit .
Oh , Sarah .
Sarah and ethics , never the twain shall meet , apparently .
This same Sarah is taking a speaking fee of 115,000 to speak to the “ populist ’ movement of the Tea Partiers in Tennessee .
Money she assures us will be “ goin ’ to the cause ” .
Palin ’s made it clear she wo n’t profit from the event .
And by that I mean , she told Bill O’Reilly ( he of unimpeachable loofah ethics ) ,
“ I will not financially be gaining anything from this . ”
Which translates to 115,000.00 .
So , no financial gain = 115,000.00 .
Gosh golly , them teabaggers have got it goin ’ on !
I wanna join !
Darn that fracture among the Tea Partiers which caused her fee to be revealed !
And now it seems that tickets to her Her High Holiness speak are not selling .
Come on you populists !
What ’s 500 a ticket to hear your Princess sing her siren call about the impending dangers of the “ mandation of healthcare ” ?
Sure , you can hear that on Fox for free , but come on !
When will you get to see the Great One in person !?
But never fear , my Real Americans , for she ’s managed to be “ a little fuzzy ” about where exactly the money will be going .
“ A little fuzzy ” .
Ain’t that cute ?
Fuzzy ethics .
Awww … that ’s so American !
That money is goin ’ rogue , my friends !
Because this woman , who claims to be an advocate for special needs babies and the pro life movement , donated a paltry 1 k to National Association for Down ’s Syndrome Cause and 1 k to a Wasilla “ pregnancy ” center — you know , those places where they convince poor white girls to not abort their babies , because their babies are “ precious gifts from God ” ( unlike “ those Welfare babies ” - just so we ’re clear ) .
Of course , the center for pregnant teens and unwed mothers had their funding cut by Paylin when she still had control of Alaska ’s budget .
That was before she quit for the money .
Helpin ’ white feti , not humans ; that ’s the Real American way !
And how much went to the “ cause ” ?
That good old American “ cause ” , you ask ?
Oh , gee ….at least 65,000 was donated to other candidates and the “ cause ” on the last day of the fiscal reporting year for PACs .
Here ’s a gander at “ the cause ” ( thanks for the break down , Bree Palin ) :
“ Doug Hoffman , losing candidate for Congress in New York ’s 23rd = $ 5000
John Kasich , running for Governor of Ohio = $ 5000 ( 12/31 )
Marsha Blackburn , Congresswoman from TN = $ 3500 ( $ 2500 on 12/31 )
Michelle Bachmann , Congresswoman from Minnesota = $ 3500 ( $ 2500 on 12/31 )
Rob Portman , running for Senate in Ohio = $ 3500 ( $ 2500 on 12/31 )
John Thune , Senator from South Dakota = $ 2500 ( 12/31 )
Richard Burr , Senator from North Carolina = $ 2500 ( 12/31 )
Jim DeMint , Senator from South Carolina = $ 2500 ( 12/31 )
Charles Grassley , Senator from Iowa = $ 2500
Roy Blunt , Congressman from Missouri = $ 2500 ( 12/31 )
Bob McDonnell , Governor of Virginia = $ 2500
Tom Coburn , Senator from Oklahoma = $ 2500 ( 12/31 )
Jean Schmidt , Congresswoman from OH = $ 1000 ( 12/31 )
Orrin Hatch , Senator from Utah = $ 1000
Lindsey Graham , Senator from South Carolina = $ 1000
Tom Rooney , Congressman from Florida = $ 1000 ( 12/31 )
Mary Taylor , Auditor of Ohio , = $ 1000 ( 12/31 )
Susan B. Anthony List [ this organization sponsors Team Sarah ] = $ 1000 ( 12/31 )
Donations to Charity :
Alaskans for Parental Rights = $ 1000
Heart Reach Pregnancy Center , Wasilla , AK = $ 1000 ( 12/31 )
National Association for Down Syndrome = $ 1000 ( 12/31 ) ”
Let ’s see…
It costs some million dollars for half a year to support the “ governor ” who does n’t need a title ( but has a contract that you must call her by the title she spit on ) and 65 thousand goes to the “ cause ” , plus a whopping 3 k to her “ beliefs ” .
Them are some strong Real American values !
It would be heartbreaking to read Palins ’ fan club posting about how they ’re going to feed their family rice for a year because the “ Cuda ” needs their donation money to save America , if only those same people did n’t insist on driving this country into the ground with their demagoguery .
These are those 23 %ers .
The W two - time voters who wanted to have a beer with the east coast elite who posed so convincingly as a babbling Texan rancher in his 400 dollar cowboy hat .
Just one of the people .
Wantin ’ to get in there and “ reform ” government .
Yet , her PAC reporting tells the same story as her governing record .
Money for Sarah , money for her friends , money for things that are n’t necessary and do n’t further any cause but Sarah ’s , and no money or time spent on the very things she professes to value .
Those are “ common sense ” American values .
From “ Real America ” .
That ’s how she plans to “ reform ” “ Big Government ” .
Gosh , Sarah , color me naive , but is n’t that a heck of a lot of wasteful spending ?
“ course , comin ’ from the Earmark Princess of the North , she of the most pork per capita in the entire country , this is just more of the same .
Apparently , “ real America ” is that mythical , magical place where it ’s OK to give vague answers which mislead your followers , to feel yourself exempt from the very ethical and moral constraints you lecture others about from your Fox News podium , to talk out of both sides of your mouth , to grift from the poor and financially devastated Americans you claim to represent , to call white black in a never - ending Orwellian exercise and accuse the Obama administration of creating “ death panels ” when they ’re trying to save lives with healthcare reform .
Yes , that America : Hypocritical America .
Blind America .
Soulless America .
It may not be illegal , it may not even be officially unethical , but it sure as hell is n’t moral .
And it screams “ grifter ” , not “ dedicated to the people ” .
This is the GOP front - runner for 2012 .
Just another greedy Poujadist Puppet , dancing for the money .
Sarah Palin walkin’ that thin line between illegal and immoral .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News , Portland
Sperm whales may team up and hunt collaboratively , scientists have suggested .
A US research team used hi-tech tags to glimpse some of the giant marine mammals ' remarkable hunting behaviour .
This tracking showed how the whales travelled together in groups , but when they hunted , each whale " varied its role " within the group .
The research team announced the findings at the Ocean Sciences meeting in Portland , Oregon .
Professor Bruce Mate from the Hatfield Marine Science Center in Oregon led the study .
It may be that each individual takes it in turns to do the most physiologically demanding task
Professor Bruce Mate , Hatfield Marine Science Center Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The unique thing about this study is this new piece of equipment , " he explained .
" We have [ a tag with ] GPS precision for the whales ' movements and a time and depth record of their dives .
" And , for the first time , we have tagged several animals within the same group . "
Professor
Mate showed tracking evidence of the whales sticking closely together over several months - swimming around the Gulf of Mexico .
But as the huge mammals made their dives - hunting squid at depths reaching more than 1,000 m - their behaviour varied with each dive .
" We can see that they 're actually changing their role over time , " he said .
" And we 're speculating that the animals are herding a ball of squid . "
He said that some whales appeared to guard the bottom of this " bait ball " , preventing the prey from sinking to unreachable depths , while other animals in the group took advantage of the centre of the ball .
" It may be that each individual takes it in turns to do the most physiologically demanding task - the deep dive , " he said .
Professor Hal Whitehead , a researcher from Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia , Canada , who studies whales , was impressed by the data , but said the suggestion that whales might be herding a ball of squid may be a little " far - fetched " .
However , Dr Mate pointed out that previous research had shown this type of herding behaviour in dolphins .
In that case , scientists were able to capture footage of the dolphins herding a ball of fish , and appearing to take turns to dive through the ball for a mouthful .
Dr Mate explained that , with sperm whales , which dive to great depths , it was far more difficult to capture the behaviour .
" Our next step will be to image the squid at the same time as tracking the whales , " he said .
" And to tag more members of the same group so that we can track their movements . "
The American Geophysical Union 's Ocean Sciences meeting in Portland , Oregon , runs all week .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editor 's Note : Beryl Lieff Benderly , a fellow of the American Associaton for the Advancement of Science , writes about scientific labor force and early career issues in the Science Careers section of Science .
In this rough - draft article , she argues that the scientific labor market is broken , that the U.S. educational system actually produces too many qualified researchers for too few positions , and that a perverse funding structure perpetuates the problem , among other points .
We 'd like your views on this topic and suggestions on ways to further develop the article .
Please use the Comments section at the bottom of the page .
Here are a few questions to get you started :
After reading the article , do you disagree with the " almost universally accepted " idea that there is a national " technical talent dearth " ?
What was your reaction to the assertion that the decline of white males in science indicates a drop in the desirability of science careers ?
Do you think that U.S. education policy should work on improving the science - math performance of the children at the bottom , overwhelmingly from low - income families and racial and ethnic minorities , rather than the performance of all children ?
How dismal do the science job prospects described here seem in the context of the broader economy ?
Do you accept as solutions to the " scientist glut " problem that we need to create better - paying staff jobs in labs , reduce low - paying post - doctoral positions and generally restructure the way that the U.S. staffs and funds its academic laboratories ?
What are the biggest challenges faced by the " American research enterprise -- the indispensable engine of national prosperity " ?
What do you think should be done to make it better ?
What will happen over the next decade or so as lab space ( and grants ) start freeing up as the baby boomers who occupy those posts hit retirement ?
What other perspectives on science career opportunities would you like to see in this article ?
For years , Americans have heard blue - ribbon commissions and major industrialists bemoan a shortage of scientists caused by an inadequate education system .
A lack of high - tech talent , these critics warn , so threatens the nation ’s continued competitiveness that the U.S. must drastically upgrade its K - 12 science and math education and import large numbers of technically trained foreigners by promptly raising the current limit on the number of skilled foreigners allowed to enter the country to work in private industry .
“ We face a critical shortfall of skilled scientists and engineers who can develop new breakthrough technologies , ” Microsoft chairman Bill Gates testified to Congress in March 2008 .
But many less publicized Americans , including prominent labor economists , disagree .
“ There is no scientist shortage , ” says Harvard University economist Richard Freeman , a leading expert on the academic labor force .
The great lack in the American scientific labor market , he and other observers argue , is not top - flight technical talent but attractive career opportunities for the approximately 30,000 scientists and engineers — about 18,000 of them American citizens — who earn PhDs in the U.S. each year .
“ People should have a reasonable expectation of being able to practice their science if they ’re encouraged to become scientists , ” says labor economist Michael Teitelbaum of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation “ It should n’t be a guarantee , but they ought to have a reasonable prospect . ”
But today , however , few young PhDs can get started on the career for which their graduate education purportedly trained them , namely , as faculty members in academic research institutions .
Instead , scores of thousands of them spend the years after they earn their doctorates toiling in low - paying , dead - end postdoctoral “ training ” appointments ( called postdocs ) in the laboratories of professors , where they ostensibly hone skills they would need to start labs of their own when they become professors .
In fact , however , only about 25 percent of those earning American science PhDs will ever land a faculty job that enables them to apply for the competitive grants that support academic research .
And even fewer — 15 percent by some estimates — will get a post at the kind of research university where the nation ’s significant scientific work takes place .
Many Applicants , Few Academic Posts
The competition for science faculty jobs is so intense that every advertised opening routinely attracts hundreds of qualified applicants .
Most PhDs hired into faculty - level jobs get so - called “ soft - money ” posts , dependent on the renewal of year - to - year funding rather than the traditional tenure - track positions that offer long - term security .
In the information technology field , meanwhile , experienced professionals blame outsourcing and industry ’s preference for cheap young foreigners for blighting their careers .
The firms using the largest number of H - 1B visas , the type of immigration document that admits highly skilled temporary residents to the U.S workforce , are not supposedly talent - starved American technology companies but Indian - owned firms in the business of outsourcing work from American companies to the subcontinent .
Despite these realities , the existence of a technical talent dearth is nonetheless almost “ universally accepted ” in political circles , where it plays an important role in shaping national policy on science funding , education and immigration , says Ron Hira , assistant professor of public policy at Rochester Institute of Technology .
“ Almost no one in Washington ” recognizes the “ glut ” of scientists , nor the damage that lack or opportunity is doing to the incentives that formerly attracted many of America ’s most gifted young people to seek scientific and engineering careers , he says .
But the real dearth — the lack of clear pathways into careers that could enable today ’s generation of gifted young Americans to become the researchers who make tomorrow ’s great discoveries — is convincing more and more of the nation ’s best students not to seek careers in fields such as law , finance , medicine and other fields that offer much better short - and long - term career prospects instead of dedicating an average of seven years to PhD study plus an additional five years or more of postdoctoral training now considered necessary to compete for an academic career in many scientific fields .
Still Tapping Other Countries
At the same time , however , the U.S. annually admits large numbers of foreign graduate students and postdocs and finds itself increasingly dependent on an inherently unreliable stream of young foreign scientists , mostly in the country on short - term , non-resident visas , to do much of the routine labor that powers American research .
The American research enterprise — the indispensable engine of national prosperity and the world ’s leading innovation establishment — has therefore become vulnerable , observers say , to conditions beyond its borders and its control .
At the same time , experts note that recruiting sufficient amounts of the talent needed for vital defense - oriented scientific and engineering work that requires security clearances has become increasingly difficult .
Reversing these trends will require concerted national action , critics say , but not the steps propounded by some highly publicized reports and industry leaders , such as increasing numbers of graduate fellowships and H - 1B visas — steps that critics argue will only make matters worse .
Rather , these observers call for changes in the way that the U.S. staffs and funds its academic laboratories in order to restore the incentives that formerly attracted many of the brightest young Americans to seek careers in research and contribute to maintaining the nation ’s longstanding scientific and technical preeminence .
One thing that ’s not in short supply are scientifically talented American students , whose academic achievements have been increasing rather than declining in recent years .
“ Students emerging from the oft - criticized K - 12 system appear to be studying science and math subjects more and performing better in them , over time , ” said Teitelbaum in Congressional testimony in November 2007 .
“ Nor are [ they ] lagging far behind comparable students in economically competitive countries , as is oft asserted . ”
The number of Americans earning PhDs in science and technical fields has risen by 18 percent since 1985 , according to the authoritative Scientific and Engineering Indicators 2008 , published by the National Science Board .
But the demographic that historically provided America ’s scientists , native - born white men , is down by about 1,000 a year , although minority ( mainly Asian - American ) and female PhDs are up markedly .
But because white men are traditionally the highest - earning segment of the American population and the group with the widest career options , many observers believe that the decline in their numbers indicates a drop in the desirability of science careers .
In addition , numerous professors anecdotally report that more and more of their best undergraduates shy away from science graduate programs in favor of fields with more certain returns .
The foreign - born segment of the nation ’s scientific labor force has meanwhile grown rapidly , especially among postdocs .
The total number of postdocs in U.S. labs is unknown , but it may be as high as 90,000 , according to Indicators .
At least half of them , experts agree , are non-citizens .
This tangle of trends , many observers argue , reflects a labor market gone seriously awry .
Is Education Really to Blame ?
Arguments for the shortage based on the inadequacy of American education generally begin with the results of standardized tests used in international comparisons .
Average scores for K - 12 students in the U.S. never top those lists in either science or math ( although they do in both reading and civics ) .
On one widely cited assessment , Trends in International Math and Science Study ( TIMSS ) , which tested American third and eighth graders between 1995 and 2003 and American 12th graders in 1995 and 1999 , U.S. students ranked between fifth and 12th in math and science — results bemoaned by many as dangerously deficient .
But a detailed study of students ’ performance on TIMSS as well as on the Programme for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) , another widely reported international comparison test , by B. Lindsay Lowell of Georgetown University ’s Institute for the Study of International Migration and Hal Salzman of the Urban Institute in Washington , D.C. , suggests otherwise .
“ Their point is that the average performance of U.S. students on these comparative international tests is not a meaningful number , ” Teitelbaum says .
Far from trailing the developed world in science education , as some claim , “ on PISA , the U.S. has more high - scoring kids in science than any other country ” and nearly as many in the top math category as top- scoring Japan and Korea , Salzman says .
But crucially from a statistical standpoint , U.S. students are by far the most diverse of any industrialized country , ranging from some of the world ’s best - prepared to some of the worst among the developed countries .
On tests comparing the U.S. , Japan and five Western European countries , for example , white Americans on average substantially outscored the Europeans in math and science and came second to the Japanese .
American whites came first in reading by a wide margin .
American black and Hispanic students , however , trailed significantly behind all other groups on average .
But scientists are not generally recruited from the average students , Salzman notes , but from those with the top scores , of whom America has large numbers .
Compared with the products of Asian secondary schools , American students “ are free thinkers , ” says Vivek Wadhwa of Duke and Harvard Universities .
“ They did n’t spend the last 12 years of their lives memorizing books … .
They ’ve spent the last 12 years dealing with real problems and solving them .
[ In America ] , you can walk up to your teacher and tell her that she ’s wrong or he ’s wrong . ”
In Asia , he continues , “ you would n’t dare do that . ”
Raising America ’s average scores on international comparisons is , therefore , not a matter of repairing a broken educational system that performs poorly overall , as many critiques suggest , but rather of improving the performance of the children at the bottom , overwhelmingly from low - income families and racial and ethnic minorities .
This discrepancy , of course , is a vital national need and responsibility , but it does not reflect an overall insufficient supply of able science students .
Nor do American students lose interest in science once they reach college .
" The proportion of all bachelor ’s degrees awarded in S&E [ science and engineering ] has been relatively stable over time , as has the proportion of freshmen in an S&E major , " Lowell and Salzman state .
Over many years , Indicators notes , the U.S. has produced about three times as many science and engineering degree holders as it employs in those fields .
In June 2008 , for example , the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Association warned that universities are producing far more meteorology graduates than can find work in the field .
So why all the talk of a shortage ?
Perverse Funding
Many ascribe the shortage not to failings of America ’s schools , but to the structure of its scientific labor market .
“ No one who has come to the question with an open mind has been able to find any objective data suggesting general ‘ shortages ’ of scientists and engineers , ” according to Teitelbaum .
Salaries , for example , have not risen , as would happen in a shortage .
But , says Ted Greenwood , also of the Sloan Foundation , “ we have made preparation for scientific and increasingly for engineering careers — and in some respects , these careers themselves — … so unpalatable that it is difficult to attract Americans to these fields .
But non-Americans , with different incentive structures , flock to the United States and flock to these fields here ” because being a student or a postdoc offers admission to the country .
“ We need to make science and engineering careers and the preparation for these careers more attractive to Americans , ” Greenwood adds .
The root of the problem , many believe , is what Teitelbaum calls the “ perverse funding structure for science graduate education … a recipe for instability . ”
Since the 1940s , when the U.S. government began to invest seriously in civilian research , the work has been done largely at the nation ’s universities and paid for through competitive , temporary grants awarded to individual professors by federal funding agencies such as the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
Since then , these agencies have become the major funders of academic research in this country , and , indeed , the world .
The National Institutes of Health , which now dispenses more than $ 28 billion a year , is largest funder of non-military research on the planet .
Through decisions made haphazardly 60 years ago , “ we chose as a country to staff our labs primarily with graduate students and postdocs and a few non-tenured staff people , while other countries have permanent ways of staffing their labs , ” often with PhD staff scientists in career positions , says Georgia State University economist Paula Stephan , an authority on the academic labor force .
Under some of those other systems , research institutions employ many scientists as long - term , career staff members who have professional - level salaries and clear career paths potentially leading to greater responsibility and leadership .
Strong Points of the U.S. System
The American approach of temporarily funded labs staffed largely with student and postdoc labor offers several important advantages .
It enlists the finest talent at the nation ’s great universities in projects that meet national priorities set by the funding agencies or by Congress .
It permits flexibility in selecting studies and researchers and the opportunity for rapid changes in direction because the grants are for specific purposes and last only a limited number of years .
It elicits the best ideas and best work from highly motivated scientists because it chooses the grantees through a competitive system of merit rankings done by peer committees composed of academic experts in each field who serve as part - time judges .
It frees the government from owning the labs and managing their staffs .
And it allows federal dollars to do double duty — produce research results and provide education and support for the graduate students and postdoctoral associates who work on the projects in labs run by professors who pay them out of the grants .
This system produces superb science , but it has several serious drawbacks from the standpoint of recruiting and retaining scientists .
First , it makes the funding of any particular lab inherently unstable and dependent on winning repeated grants and renewals , which places individual careers at the mercy of annual competitions .
In times of very tight federal budgets , such as the present , this means that many labs , and even many well - established scientific careers , do not survive .
Second , it produces not only educational opportunities and research results , but also a constant stream of newly fledged young researchers who need opportunities to start their own careers .
“ The way that U.S. staffs its labs puts so much pressure on the system to absorb the continual new cohort .
And we have n’t had much luck in absorbing it , ” says Georgia State ’s Stephan .
That ’s largely because a scientist can’t compete for a federal grant — the sine qua non of professional recognition as an established investigator — without the backing of a university or other non-profit institution , and universities generally back only researchers who hold faculty positions , and sometimes only those on the tenure track .
Scientists write the grant proposals and do the research , but the grant , which often also provides at least part of the professor ’s salary , is technically awarded to the university , which administers it and provides the facilities needed to do the research in return for overhead payments .
The limiting factor on young scientists ’ abilities to start academic research careers is thus the number of available faculty positions , which over recent decades has fallen farther and farther behind the number of scientists the system is producing .
Despite a longstanding dismal job market in academic science , however , departments continue to recruit graduate students and postdocs because they need skilled and inexpensive labor to do the work promised in professors ’ grant proposals .
Doctoral - level researchers must receive the “ trainee ” wages paid to postdocs — generally about $ 40,000 a year for 60 to 80 hours a week with no job security or promotion opportunities .
But paying postdocs a true professional wage would mean many fewer highly skilled hands , fewer publications and less chance of winning a grant renewal .
Distorted Incentives
This dynamic creates distorted incentives , an artificial sense of shortage and a vicious circle .
From the standpoint of a department chairman , Teitelbaum says , “ you ’ve got this research funding [ that ] will finance 15 graduate research assistants and 10 postdocs and your department and your faculty are committed to doing the research because you won the grants , but there are n’t enough people applying to be graduate students and postdocs from the U.S.
From your perspective , that could be deemed to be shortage . ”
But , he emphasizes , “ the demand is inside the institution , it ’s not in the labor market . ”
Faculty members intent on getting the research done are “ not thinking about … whether there ’s post - university demand for people who have gotten PhDs or done postdocs . ”
If Americans are not available to staff a lab , university professors have the option of foreign talent , as graduate students admitted to the country on student visas , or postdocs , admitted under what Teitelbaum calls the “ essentially unlimited numbers of H - 1B visas ” are available to universities because of an exception available to non-profit institutions .
Some senior academic scientists have told Teitelbaum they are “ very worried ” about the fact that the supply of scientists that this country ’s universities train is thus totally unrelated to the demand for researchers in the market for career positions , but they find it “ difficult to be open about it because it 's very threatening to the structure by which research is done , ” Teitelbaum says .
“ Who ’s going to actually do the bench research ? ”
Other professors , educated decades ago , “ finished their doctorates , in a very tight labor market where they could get a tenure track position or have several offered them right off the bat , ” Teitelbaum continues .
“ So they have only positive views of their experience .
And they might think that people today are just complainers or whiners and [ so ] just get on with it .
If you ’re good enough you ’ll do fine .
That would be a fairly typical position . ”
Science Careers Easier in the Past ?
Until the late 1960s , the majority of young PhDs actually did land faculty jobs .
They typically finished a science doctorate in about four years and moved on , in their late twenties , to a faculty post and a lab of their own .
Only a minority spent an optional year or two as a postdoc , either to pursue a particularly promising line of research or to boost their prospects of a job at a top institution by polishing their publication record with a particularly distinguished mentor .
But the Sputnik - inspired increase in research funding and graduate fellowships that continued into the late 1960s and 1970s soon began producing more PhDs each year than the nation ’s colleges and universities could readily absorb .
More and more PhDs , educated in a culture that has long viewed — and , in many places , still views — positions outside the academy not as valid career options for serious scientists but as “ alternative employment ” at best and “ going over to the dark side ” at worst , began accepting postdoc positions in the belief that additional publications would improve their chance to land that coveted faculty post .
By the late 1970s , Personnel Needs for Biomedical and Behavioral Research , an authoritative report issued every two years by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies was expressing alarm at the increase in both the number of postdocs and the length of time they spent as “ trainees . ”
The buildup , as they feared , has continued for three decades , with the growing postdoc pool — enhanced by increasing numbers of foreign PhDs -- serving to disguise unemployment among young aspirants to university careers .
In many fields , five or more years of postdoc “ training ” has become the norm , while the percentage of PhDs who landed academic positions continues to drop .
As a result , the average age at which the minority of young scientists who do actually land faculty jobs get to launch independent research careers by winning their first competitive grant has risen to 42 .
At that age , scientists of previous generations , such as Albert Einstein , Marshall Nirenberg and Thomas Cech , were winning their Nobel Prizes for work done in their twenties .
Spot shortages may exist in certain limited fields , especially those that are new or that require citizenship for security clearance .
But in general , writes Harvard ’s Freeman , “ the job market for young scientists and engineers has worsened … relative to … many other high level occupations , which discourages US students … [ but ] the rewards are sufficient to attract large immigrant flows , particularly from less developed countries , ” in a study published by National Bureau of Economic Research .
After a small drop following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , the number of foreign scientists arriving has rebounded .
“ The supply of U.S. - born / residents , particularly men , to science and engineering appears to be more responsive to labor market conditions than the supply of the foreign born , ” Freeman continues .
“ Science and engineering careers may be the only way for many talented foreign - born persons to enter the U.S. job market . ”
Recruiting abroad " benefits the country by tapping a large and relatively inexpensive pool of talent at the cost of reduced incentives for native - born individuals to go into science and engineering , ” he writes .
His Harvard economics colleague , George Borjas , for example , has demonstrated that inflows of foreign students and scientists do , indeed , depress opportunities and incomes for both Americans and foreigners .
Critics argue that the H - 1B , furthermore , also depresses pay because under its terms , the visa belongs to the employer , not the worker , who therefore cannot leave the job that provides the permission to be in the country .
Ending the Pyramid Scheme
This “ pyramid paradigm ca n’t continue forever , ” says Susan Gerbi , chair of molecular biology at Brown University and a longtime critic of the current method of staffing American labs .
“ We need to have solutions for some new steady - state model ” that will make scientific careers once again attractive to the ablest young Americans by providing an appealing and reliable return on the investment of time , money and opportunity that they make in their education .
Gerbi , Stephan and others believe that the U.S. needs to establish “ non-replicating ” research organizations with many fewer temporary student and trainee lab workers and many more permanent career staff scientists .
Such prominent institutions as the Max Planck Institute in Germany , where Gerbi worked , and the Howard Hughes Medical Institution ’s new Janelia Farms Research Campus in Ashburn , Virginia , follow versions of this model .
Freeman has another idea :
The way to attract young American talent is by providing much higher incomes for graduate students and postdocs , but with the explicit understanding that , as in such other highly prestigious , highly competitive fields as acting , music and professional sports , only a few of those who enter the competition will win the jackpot of a successful long - term career .
People will enter knowing , Freeman proposes , that when their support ends in a few years , the also - rans must leave academic research and move on to other types of work , preferably using their scientific knowledge , in industry , government , patent law , science policy , high - school or community college teaching or other fields .
Yet another group of observers , including University of Michigan engineering professor William Kauffman , believe that the way to attract bright and clearance - worthy young Americans to train for careers in national security - related research may be to seek them out as early as high school and offer them attractive scholarships that require a commitment — similar to that of ROTC scholarships — to work in the field after they receive their degrees .
Whatever model or models the nation chooses , many observers believe that the existing system of research by professors who constantly produce large numbers of scientists unlikely to achieve their career aspirations is near collapse .
The real crisis in American science education is not young Americans ’ inability to learn , or the schools ’ inability to teach , but a distorted job market ’s inability to provide them careers worthy of their abilities .
US researchers have found an antibody that hunts down prostate cancer cells in mice and can destroy the killer disease even in an advanced stage , a study showed Monday .
The antibody , called F77 , was found to bond more readily with cancerous prostate tissues and cells than with benign tissue and cells , and to promote the death of cancerous tissue , said the study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science ( PNAS ) .
When injected in mice , F77 bonded with tissue where prostate cancer was the primary cancer in almost all cases ( 97 percent ) and in tissue cores where the cancer had metastasized around 85 percent of the time .
It recognized even androgen - independent cancer cells , present when prostate cancer is incurable , the study by researchers at the University of Pennsylvania showed .
F77 " initiated direct cell death of prostate cancer cells ... and effectively prevented tumor outgrowth , " it said .
But it did not target normal tissue , or tumor tissues in other parts of the body including the colon , kidney , cervix , pancreas , lung , skin or bladder , the study showed .
The antibody " shows promising potential for diagnosis and treatment of prostate cancer , especially for androgen - independent metastatic prostate cancer , " which often spreads to the bones and is difficult to treat , the researchers wrote in PNAS .
Currently , the five - year survival rate for metastatic prostate cancer is just 34 percent , according to the study .
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer among men , claiming half a million lives each year worldwide , according to the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) .
Explore further New treatment hope for prostate cancer
( c ) 2009 AFP
I will say that I had about 7 - 8 tabs open in Chrome , 1 in Firefox , and about 6 TextEdit documents open .
I ’m actually pinning the blame on Chrome .
It started giving me the sad folder face when I would use a couple sites .
Some sites were fine .
However it would n’t let me use my gmail , which is why I opened up Firefox , and I then got to my mail fine .
However once I went back to Chrome to check something , I tried minimizing it and the picture at the top was the result .
It got about half way there , then just outright froze on me .
While I was staring at the screen in horror , I felt the need to take a picture of this extremely rare occurrence .
Then I almost felt lucky to be able to say one day to my children “ I remember when Mac ’s still crashed . ”
I then also suddenly felt the urge to spread the news of this rare phenomenon .
I never thought I would see the day .
Maybe it ’s Chrome ’s fault , or maybe there was just too much strain on the memory , I will never know .
I am happy to say that Chrome restored all of my windows successfully , and the same with TextEdit .
That , in addition to how fast the Mac restarts , made this experience very far from a nightmare … but I was a little hurt .. and disappointed .
For all of those non-mac users , you cannot know my shock , but for me , I ’m used to my seamless user experience .
Once in 2 years is n’t a bad stat though .. let ’s hope I have another 2 until the next one !
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
More Dostoevsky please !
Rowan Williams says ex-PM needs more soul - searching after evidence to Iraq war inquiry
The archbishop of Canterbury has renewed his criticism of Tony Blair by urging the former prime minister to recognise his " absurdity " in the wake of the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq war — and suggesting he read more Dostoevsky .
Repeating a previous quip that Blair is " very strong on God , very weak on irony " , Rowan Williams said the former prime minister had perhaps not done enough soul - searching .
Speaking at a lecture on the Russian writer Fyodor Dostoevsky , Williams was asked by an audience member how he viewed Blair 's appearance at the hearing last week in the context of his studies of the Crime and Punishment author .
Williams said : " I think Tony Blair is one of the most un-Dostoevskian characters in Britain . "
He admitted earlier at the event hosted by St George 's Church in central London that he loved Dostoevsky 's characters because of their soul - searching and sharing of other people 's burdens .
He said : " I did once rather unkindly say that Tony Blair did do God but he did n't do irony .
Irony is when you recognise that your own sense of dramatic power is always something that is going to be absurd in the light of truth .
The readiness to cope with that absurdity is something that you have to learn in order to grow up . "
The Archbishop of Canterbury , while a self - confessed fan of Father Ted and the Muppet Christmas Carol , is one of Britain 's foremost public intellectuals and an authority on the author of The Brothers Karamazov , The Devils and The Idiot .
Dostoevsky 's most famous work , Crime and Punishment , tracks the breakdown of a murderous former student , Raskolnikov , who offers some fictional tips for coping with guilt .
In a section where he is quizzed by a Chilcot - like investigating magistrate , Rakolnikov says : " If he has a conscience he will suffer for his mistake .
That will be punishment - as well as the prison . "
The former prime minister was heckled in his appearance at the Iraq war inquiry last month after he refused to voice regrets over the conflict .
Blair told the inquiry : " Responsibility but not a regret for removing Saddam Hussein .
I think he was a monster , I think he threatened not just a region but the world .
Even if you look back now , it was better to deal with this threat , to remove him from office , and I do genuinely believe that the world is safer as a result . "
Blair 's lack of outright contrition drew a shout of " oh , come on " from one person .
Last year , Williams spoke of the " mistakes " of those behind the Iraq conflict , including the " policymakers " who had lost sight of the war 's cost .
In a speech at a service commemorating those who served in the conflict , he said : " Many people of my generation and younger grew up doubting we should ever see another straightforward international conflict , fought by a standing army with conventional weapons .
We had begun to forget the realities of cost .
And when such conflict appeared on the horizon , there were those among both policymakers and commentators who were able to talk about it without really measuring the price , the cost of justice . "
William D. Cohan on Wall Street and Main Street .
Now that we have pulled back sufficiently far from the near “ destruction of the modern financial system ” — as the former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson described the events of 2008 in his new memoir , “ On The Brink ” — to focus on how to prevent such a calamity from recurring , the time has come to hear from those players in the drama who really know what happened and why .
Until people such as Warren Spector , the former co-president and head of the fixed - income division at Bear Stearns , and Dan Jester , a mysterious former Goldman Sachs banker turned Treasury official — among many others — come forward and share with us the roles they played before , during and after the crisis , there is little hope that the members of Congress working on financial reform legislation will be able to craft a bill that will succeed in its mission , and the longer they will spend dithering with the ill - conceived ideas being pushed by the former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker .
Who the heck is Dan Jester ?
And why is n’t he telling us what he did during the A.I.G. bailout and other pivotal moments of the banking crisis ?
To date , these elusive but important Wall Street executives have kept an exceedingly low profile , hoping against hope that the whole thing just blows over .
We ca n’t let that happen .
There is just too much at stake now , and Wall Street has proved repeatedly over the past 40 years — since the firms went from private partnerships ( where partners had their entire net worth on the line ) to public companies ( where bankers and traders were encouraged to take huge risks with other people ’s money ) — that it is incapable of regulating itself .
We need to get beyond the amusing political theater of the recent Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission hearings featuring tight - lipped Wall Street chief executives like Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman , John Mack of Morgan Stanley and Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase — and the artfully crafted statements they compiled with the help of $ 1,000 - an - hour Wall Street lawyers .
We need to hear the nitty - gritty of what caused the crisis from the people who know why things happened the way they did but have n’t yet been asked to speak up by someone with subpoena power .
For instance , Warren Spector could provide chapter and verse on how Bear Stearns became a powerhouse in securitizing and trading home mortgages , and how the risks the firm took grew as that business became by far the company ’s largest and most profitable .
He could also shed light on the important role that Goldman Sachs played in the collapse of the two Bear Stearns hedge funds in July 2007 after Goldman ’s traders provided Bear ’s executives , in April 2007 , with new , lower valuations that Goldman had put on the mortgage securities in the hedge funds .
One assumes that Spector could tell us what kind of panic ensued inside Bear as a result .
These lower marks led the managers to reduce the funds ’
Net Asset Value in April 2007 , which caused investors to head to the exits .
Spector could also share his ideas on how to re-open the securitization market without repeating past mistakes .
This is the kind of valuable information that Jimmy Cayne , the longtime top dog at Bear Stearns ( it was he who fired Spector in August 2007 ) , or Alan Schwartz , who was Bear ’s chief executive in the final months of the firm ’s existence in 2008 , simply cannot provide .
Why has n’t Spector been asked to share his knowledge ?
As for Jester , he knows plenty , and is n’t talking .
As Representative Marcy Kaptur , an Ohio Democrat , pointed out at the Congressional hearing about American International Group on January 27 , between Sept. 14 , 2008 and Nov. 26 , 2008 — the darkest days of the financial crisis — Tim Geithner , then head of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and now Treasury Secretary , spoke on the phone with Jester 103 times .
Paulson — not Ben Bernanke , the Chairman of the Federal Reserve , or Christopher Cox , the Chairman of the Security and Exchange Commission — was the only person to whom Geithner spoke more often .
Who the heck is Dan Jester ?
In “ On the Brink , ” Paulson first identifies him only as a “ contractor ” to the Treasury Department while Paulson was secretary .
Paulson then elaborates that Jester had previously worked for him at Goldman , where he had been a financial - institutions banker and a “ key member ” of the firm ’s risk committee .
According to Paulson , the “ unflappable and brilliant ” Jester retired from Goldman in spring 2005 and moved to Austin , Tex .
Paulson writes that after he became Treasury secretary , he tried to recruit Jester to Washington as an assistant secretary but Jester declined .
When Robert Steel , a former Goldman partner and a Paulson confidante , left Treasury to become chief executive of Wachovia in the summer of 2008 , Paulson “ impressed ” on Jester “ the nature of our emergency . ”
Jester changed his mind and came to Washington “ even though it meant leaving his family behind for six months . ”
During his time at Treasury , Jester seems to have had his finger in every pie : the rescue of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , the A.I.G. calamity , the decisions to bailout Citigroup , G.M. and Chrysler , and the creation of the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
For Fannie and Freddie , Paulson credits Jester with the “ inspired idea ” of creating a “ keepwell ” agreement that allowed the Treasury to continually provide financing to those companies “ no matter how much they lost long into the future . ”
During that fateful weekend of Sept. 13 and 14 of 2008 , Jester tried to negotiate deals for Lehman with both Bank of America and Barclays — to no avail — before the 158 - year old securities firm collapsed into bankruptcy .
Jester quickly turned his attention to A.I.G..
He got a call on that Sunday afternoon , from the billionaire private - equity maven J. Christopher Flowers , who had been the head of the financial - institutions group at Goldman when Jester worked there , who said he ’d made a bid to acquire A.I.G. to keep it from failing .
Paulson ’s book makes no mention beyond that of the role Jester played in the bailout of the insurer — including his being moved from the Treasury to A.I.G. ’s offices for a period of time .
One former A.I.G. executive told me that Jester was calling many of the shots at the insurer between mid-September , when the New York Fed decided to go ahead with the bailout , and the end of October 2008 , when Jester was replaced at A.I.G. by another Treasury official because , according to The New York Times , of Jester ’s “ stockholdings in Goldman Sachs . ”
Goldman ended up with $ 14 billion in counterparty payments from A.I.G .
“ He was Paulson ’s man , ” the former A.I.G. executive told me .
“ He was the Treasury ’s representative , and he was at every meeting ” during that mid-September weekend .
At one point , on the following Monday , Sept. 15 , as the A.I.G. situation was spiraling out of control , Jester phoned the three major credit - rating agencies and asked them to hold off from downgrading A.I.G. any further , since that additional downgrade would force the insurer to make even more collateral payments on the spot to counterparties , further depleting its dwindling cash .
Jester ’s efforts were n’t persuasive .
“ It was pathetic , ” the former A.I.G. executive told me .
Then , after the Citigroup executive ( and former Treasury secretary and Goldman co-senior partner ) Robert Rubin called Paulson to say “ Citi was not being given clear direction , ” Jester was off to help Paulson and Rubin craft the creative solution to “ ring - fence ” $ 306 billion of Citigroup ’s most - toxic assets before Thanksgiving 2008 .
This was , of course , just weeks after Jester had helped Paulson design and unroll TARP .
These days , Jester is back in Austin , where he is being careful not to return calls from those seeking answers to legitimate questions about what role he played in what happened .
Perhaps he would return a call from Geithner asking him to appear on Capitol Hill to answer some questions .
After all , he ’s answered that call 103 times before .
Finally President Barack Obama has come to his senses on financial regulation .
His endorsement of what he calls the “ Volcker Rule ” for once puts him squarely on the side of ordinary Americans as opposed to the banking bandits who have so thoroughly fleeced the public .
The proposal from former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker basically involves restoring the spirit , if not the letter , of the 1930s Glass - Steagall banking regulations to prevent another Great Depression .
It means separating the activities of commercial banks , entrusted with the deposits of ordinary folks , from the antics of the financial high rollers who are presumably dealing with wealthier and more knowledgeable investors .
Commercial banks were intended to be heavily regulated and insured by the government to protect the savings of unwary citizens .
Less risk - averse investors and the firms that handled their funds could fend for themselves , and if there was a collapse there would be no innocent victims requiring a government bailout .
This setup worked splendidly for more than six decades , until the rules were changed to permit the merger of the two types of banking activity , which never would have happened had President Ronald Reagan renamed Volcker as head of the Fed back in 1987 .
To reappoint Volcker would have been the logical move given his spectacular record in taming inflation , which he brought down to 3.6 percent after it had risen to 11.3 percent thanks to the energy crisis of 1979 .
Reagan went with Alan Greenspan instead because of their shared ideological fervor for unfettered free markets .
But the repeal of Glass - Steagall required bipartisan support , and that eventually came with the presidency of Bill Clinton , who reappointed Greenspan and his fellow free - market ideologues Robert Rubin and Lawrence Summers to head the Treasury Department .
They joined forces with the Wall Street lobby , and as a result Glass - Steagall was repealed in 1999 when Clinton signed the law eliminating it .
Unfortunately , and despite the collapse of the banking system brought about by the shenanigans of the “ too big to fail ” conglomerates permitted in the new deregulatory environment , Obama has wasted the last year and trillions of taxpayer dollars bailing out Wall Street without putting significant new rules in place to govern reckless behavior .
Only now , with the economic disaster bankrupting the government , has he turned to Volcker for leadership .
And in testimony Tuesday before the Senate Banking Committee , Volcker offered the essential justification for needed banking legislation :
“ The basic point is that there has been , and remains , a strong public interest in providing a `safety net ’ — in particular , deposit insurance and the provision of liquidity in emergencies — for commercial banks carrying out essential services .
There is not , however , a similar rationale for public funds - taxpayer funds — protecting and supporting essentially proprietary and speculative activities . ”
Investment houses would still be permitted to play freely at the Wall Street casino , but they would have to pay the consequences of their own failure .
In the event that the largest of them approached collapse , the government would still step in — not to save them but to dispose of the body in a way that did not endanger the health of others .
As Volcker put it , when it would come to dealing with the impending collapse of an investment giant :
“ The mandate is to arrange an orderly liquidation or merger .
In other words , euthanasia , not a rescue . ”
Euthanasia was applied to Lehman Brothers but not Goldman Sachs , which was allowed to suddenly jump over the wall to become a commercial bank and thus eligible for TARP funding and many billions more from the government .
The biggest banks , whether originally commercial or investment banks , are now screaming their predicted pain at the prospect of new regulations — and no wonder .
An analysis of the five top banks affected , led by Goldman Sachs , shows they stand to lose $ 13 billion in revenue next year if the proposed regulations pass , according to Bloomberg .
But there is hope for at least some bipartisan support for the restoration of a wall separating these two very different sorts of banking activities , as indicated by a bill co-sponsored by Sens.
John McCain , R - Ariz. , and Maria Cantwell , D - Wash . , to explicitly restore the safeguards of Glass - Steagall .
Please do n’t let your eyes glaze over on this issue as a matter of arcane economic regulation .
It ’s the ballgame as far as breaking the death grip of Wall Street over our economy .
The projected $ 1.6 trillion deficit is only the first installment on decades of crippling debt that will pile up because of the irresponsibility of a radically deregulated banking system .
This should be the only reminder we need that little else matters in the way of public policy discussion as long as Wall Street bleeds us dry .
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Jan 31 , 2010 in Tech
So I started to think :
What would it take to get Flash on the iPad ?
Seeing that it ’s a political situation the clear answer is that the CEO of Adobe needs to make nice with Steve .
And then it hit me :
Who the hell is the CEO of Adobe ?
Back in the day THE guy at Adobe was Warnock but that was eons ago — so who is running Adobe today ?
And much to my shock after doing a Google search I came across the page below and it tells you everything that ’s wrong with this picture :
There is no strong CEO at Adobe — the company is still in the shadow of Warnock .
In 1982 Dr. John E. Warnock co-founded Adobe with Dr. Charles Geschke and made it big with PostScript which powered the desktop publishing revolution which helped Apple a great deal .
The problem was that it helped Apple after Steve Jobs had left the company .
Now my guess is that Jobs had a decent relationship with Adobe because NeXT used a PostScript display mechanism and Adobe Illustrator was one of the first apps on the platform ( which is now the heart of OS X ) .
Shown above is the NeXT cube which used a PostScript display from Adobe , this cost Jobs quite a bit and may be one of the reasons he likes to own his own core technologies .
Below is a photo of Steve Jobs and John Warnock in the 80s .
Getting back to organizational chart you can see that Warnock is still involved in the company so Shantanu Narayen who is CEO is in the unenviable position of running the company but he still has the two co-founders looking over his shoulders ( with all of their history ) .
The result is that not only does n’t Narayen have a free hand to play with Apple , but he also has the pride of Warnock which becomes a key factor .
So why does n’t Warnock make a move ?
Well I came across this interview with him , and it looks like he ’s vexed about even calling up Steve Jobs :
Knowledge@Wharton : Another company that you have interacted with a long time is Apple .
That relationship seems to have ebbed and flowed over the years .
They were originally a very close partner — one of your first OEMs [ original equipment manufacturers ] .
Warnock : Yes .
Knowledge@Wharton :
But now there is a lot of contention around getting Flash on the iPhone .
Warnock : Oh , yes .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Have you talked to Steve Jobs about that ?
Warnock : No , I have n’t .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Have you thought about calling him ?
Warnock : I ’ve thought about calling him and saying , “ Steve , you know , at this point you want might to engage the partnership again . ”
Because I think otherwise he is going to get some competitive pressures from outside that he is not going to like .
He has never been great at hitting that middle ground [ between ] openness and proprietary [ products ] .
He has always seemed to lean to the proprietary side , to want to own everything .
I think this is one case where he probably would do better if he did n’t do that .
So essentially you have Warnock throwing in the towel before he ’s even made a phone call .
The other problem is that Adobe is Warnock ’s baby so he ’d never even think of trying to sell the company to Apple in a million years — although that might save Flash .
Of course to be fair to Warnock in the past Apple has n’t acquired large companies .
In a way Adobe reminds me a great deal of Yahoo ! and Sun — it ’s a company from a previous era where it was the star but it has n’t aged well .
In the same way that Microsoft Office is under a disruptive threat from Google Docs you can see that all the key Adobe products could be next in line to be killed by the cloud and other disruptive forces that are changing the tech landscape .
Is this the immediate end of Flash ?
No .
However it ’s the begging of the end as other parties like Google and Microsoft have no interest in supporting Flash .
Followup : From recent leaks it seems that Jobs does n’t think much of Adobe according to this article :
“ About Adobe :
They are lazy , Jobs says .
They have all this potential to do interesting things but they just refuse to do it .
They do n’t do anything with the approaches that Apple is taking , like Carbon .
Apple does not support
Flash because it is so buggy , he says .
Whenever a Mac crashes more often than not it ’s because of Flash .
No one will be using Flash , he says .
The world is moving to HTML5 . ”
A few days ago I found an odd package waiting in my mailbox .
One of the commercial TV networks got my postie to deliver a pair of 3D glasses - very old school , with separate red and blue lenses .
I spent a few moments assembling them , and presto !
I looked like I 'd just walked out of a showing of 1954's Creature From the Black Lagoon .
Now that James Cameron 's Avatar has become the highest - grossing film in history , 3D is very hot .
The hottest new toys unveiled at this year 's Consumer Electronics
Show were 3D television sets , 3D Blu - Ray players , and comfortable 3D glasses for the lounge room .
At least three US - based cable networks have promised 3D broadcasts will begin sometime this year - for the few people who have 3D television sets .
Everyone in the consumer electronics industry sees this as the Next Big Thing : now that everyone has purchased big , flat - screen TVs , 3D is the next logical step , the necessary upgrade that keeps us all on the treadmill of progress .
The movie studios have also gotten behind 3D in a big way .
Just last week Warner Brothers announced that the two final Harry Potter films will be shot in 3D .
Is this the decade of 3D ?
It might look that way , but we'd all better hope it turns out quite differently .
You see , 3D is not good for you .
How can this be ?
Is n't the real world in 3D ?
Yes , the real world of objects is definitely three - dimensional .
But that 's where the similarity ends .
What you 're shown on a movie screen - or soon , a television - is not true 3D .
That 's the source of the problem .
Back in the 1990s I did a lot of development work in virtual reality - another technology destined to be the Next Big Thing .
I helped Sega develop a head - mounted display ( fancy VR headgear ) that could be plugged into the Sega Genesis ( known as the Mega Drive in Australia ) .
Everything was going swimmingly , until we sent our prototype units out for testing .
Virtual reality headsets use the same technique for displaying 3D as we find in movies or 3D television sets - parallax .
They project a slightly different image to each one of your eyes , and from that difference , your brain creates the illusion of depth .
That sounds fine , until you realize just how complicated human depth perception really is .
The Wikipedia entry on depth perception ( an excellent read ) lists ten different cues that your brain uses to figure out exactly how far away something is .
Parallax is just one of them .
Since the various movie and television display technologies only offer parallax - based depth cues , your brain basically has to ignore several other cues while you 're immersed in the world of Avatar .
This is why the 3D of films does n't feel quite right .
Basically , you 're fighting with your own brain , which is getting a bit confused .
It 's got some cues to give it a sense of depth , but it 's missing others .
Eventually your brain just starts ignoring the other cues .
That 's the problem .
When the movie 's over , and you take your glasses off , your brain is still ignoring all those depth perception cues .
It 'll come back to normal , eventually .
Some people will snap right back .
In others , it might take a few hours .
This condition , known as ' binocular dysphoria ' , is the price you pay for cheating your brain into believing the illusion of 3D .
Until someone invents some other form of 3D projection ( many have tried , no one has really succeeded ) , binocular dysphoria will be part of the experience .
This does n't matter too much if you 're going to see a movie in the theatre - though it could lead to a few prangs in the parking lot afterward - but it does matter hugely if it 's something you 'll be exposed to for hours a day , every day , via your television set .
Your brain is likely to become so confused about depth cues that you 'll be suffering from a persistent form of binocular dysphoria .
That 's what the testers told Sega , and that 's why the Sega VR system - which had been announced with great fanfare - never made it to market .
Video games are one of the great distractions of youth .
Children can play them for hours every day , and our testers realized that children - with their highly malleable nervous systems - could potentially suffer permanent damage from regular and extensive exposure to a system which created binocular dysphoria in its users .
This is the heart of my concern , because 3D television is being pitched as an educational medium - Discovery Channel has announced 3D broadcasts will begin mid-year - and that medium could damage the growing minds it is intended to enlighten .
All of this is rolling forward without any thought to the potential health hazards of continuous , long - term exposure to 3D .
None of the television manufacturers have done any health & safety testing around this .
They must believe that if it 's safe enough for the cinema , it 's fine for the living room .
But that 's simply not the case .
Getting a few hours every few weeks is nothing like getting a few hours , every single day .
One of two things is about to happen : either 3D television will quickly and quietly disappear from the market , from product announcements , and from broadcast plans , or we 'll soon see the biggest class - action lawsuit in the planet 's history , as millions of children around the world realize that their televisions permanently ruined their depth perception .
Let 's hope 3D in the home dies a quiet death .
Ray Taylor at OurClimate.eu of the Land - Atmosphere Resilience Initiative [ see and see also ] conducted an interview of me titled
Copenhagen , Europe , Africa and a Vulnerability Paradigm
The article starts with
“ RAY TAYLOR : Good morning Professor Pielke and thank you for agreeing to this interview for the European Union OurClimate portal .
What would your advice be to EU and African countries for the Copenhagen climate talks ?
PROFESSOR ROGER PIELKE
Sr : I recommend that the vulnerabilities , from a bottom - up , natural resources * perspective be identified , rather than starting with the inappropriate ( and ineffective ) narrow emphasis on carbon emissions .
The vulnerability framework is more inclusive and will permit more effective policymaking .
There also needs to a recognition that climate change is much more than global warming .
Even without global warming , humans are altering the climate system significantly . ”
Read the rest of the interview here .
As a clear message from the Haitian earthquake , there is a need to assess vulnerabilties of society to the entire spectrum of natural and human caused risks , and to develop policies to reduce these threats .
The available financial and other resources need to be optimized in order to most effectively minimize these risks .
A focus on funding CO2 reductions which result in a reduction of funds for other actions , such as developing more earthquake resistant urban areas , is not a wise expenditure of financial resources .
Interested readers can view more of my perspective ( and that of other AGU Fellows ) in our article
Pielke Sr. , R. , K. Beven , G. Brasseur , J. Calvert , M. Chahine , R. Dickerson , D. Entekhabi , E. Foufoula - Georgiou , H. Gupta , V. Gupta , W. Krajewski , E. Philip Krider , W. K.M. Lau , J. McDonnell , W. Rossow , J. Schaake , J. Smith , S. Sorooshian , and E. Wood , 2009 : Climate change :
The need to consider human forcings besides greenhouse gases .
Eos , Vol. 90 , No. 45 , 10 November 2009 , 413 .
Copyright ( 2009 ) American Geophysical Union .
WASHINGTON  James Bopp Jr. likes to begin speeches by reading the First Amendment .
He calls opponents , including President Obama , “ socialists . ”
He runs a national law practice out of a small office in Terre Haute , Ind. , because he prefers the city ’s conservative culture .
And for most of the last 35 years , he has been a lonely Quixote tilting at the very idea of regulating political donations as an affront to free speech .
Not anymore .
Mr. Bopp won his biggest victory last week when the Supreme Court ruled that corporations , unions and nonprofit groups have the right to spend as much as they want supporting or opposing the election of a candidate .
Mr. Bopp was not present in the courtroom .
His client  not for the first time  replaced him with a less ideological and more experienced Washington lawyer when the case reached the justices .
Photoshop ’s text tools can create some truly mind - blowing effects .
Whether you ’re designing a logo , a banner , posters , t- shirts , or even ads , Photoshop comes with the required tools to help you inject some awesomeness into your text effects .
Of course , there are many tutorials that will teach you the basics of typography , but sometimes you just want something more , something that just screams creativity !
You will find 50 of those Photoshop text effect tutorials in this post .
You might also like : Top 100 Tutorials for Mastering Photoshop .
In this tutorial , you ’ll be shown how to create a 3D - looking textured text effect in Photoshop without the need for any 3D tools or applications .
All you will need is the ability to create the above text effect is a good idea of perspective so that you can modify light distribution with the help of the color correction tools ( Burn Tool and Dodge Tool ) .
The techniques and concepts you ’ll learn here can be used to apply any texture ( not just skin texture ) to any text for simulating depth and lighting precision .
In this two - part tutorial , you ’re going to learn how to bring a simple proverb into a complex typographic illustration that achieves a level of realism without actually using any photos .
In the first part , you 'll learn how to model your objects in Cinema 4D and prepare them for isolation in Photoshop .
In part 2 , you will take all the pieces of the puzzle and finalize them .
In this tutorial , you will be shown how to create a super quick abstract composition with light effects and apply that as a texture of text .
You will be playing with Brushes , Blend Modes , basic filters ( Blur and Liquify ) , and , of course , text .
Here you will learn how to create an atmospheric underwater text effect using a few simple steps .
You will learn how to properly extract water , and manipulate it to fit your typography .
This in - depth tutorial is about giving your typography illustration a fresh touch and experimenting with traditional and digital media , mixing patterns and textures to give your work an extra personal spark .
For this tutorial you will need basic Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop skills and some cheap watercolour paint .
Afterwards , you should have acquired hands - on techniques you can use on work ranging from typography to editorial to photo manipulation .
Follow this step by step walkthrough of design process for the ‘ Spectrum ’ poster .
Starting with custom made type in Illustrator , you ’ll move the vector graphics into Photoshop for some serious distressing with Photoshop brushes , blending modes and more !
In this tutorial you will be shown how to create cool water typography effect in Photoshop playing with stock photos , blend modes and filters .
You will also use some water splash brushes and smooth gradients to give a splish - splash feel to our design .
In this Photoshop tutorial , you ’re going to create a retro-looking text that appears as though it ’s constructed using folded strips of paper .
Prepare yourself to heavily rely on Photoshop ’s Lasso Tool , as well as some other basic tools and simple techniques .
In this tutorial you will learn how - to make a music equalizer and then apply the equalizer effect on to text using some awesome techniques .
The new 3D tools in Photoshop CS5 are more advanced than ever .
In this tutorial you will use the new Repoussé tool to extrude some text in a way previously only possible in a full 3D application .
You are going to create a retro-colored psychedelic background , which you will then apply to some text .
The purpose of this tutorial is to learn how to mask out an image so that it just shows through the editable text , making it friendlier to modifications later on .
In this tutorial you will be shown how to create a text effect using a photo of rope and the new ( CS5 ) Puppet Warp tool .
This tutorial will only work with the CS5 version of Photoshop .
In this tutorial , João Oliveira creates a 3D typographic illustration using initially Cinema 4D for building the 3D , followed by Photoshop for the post - production .
This tutorial explains the techniques for creating the 3D number candles above without using any 3D tools .
It will then guide you through the other sections of shaping the candles , adding lights and shadows and finally placing the candles on top of a cupcake .
In this tutorial you will be shown the steps to recreate the Electrified Metal Text Effect above .
It will cover a number of selection techniques , as well as how we to use the right textures to create this unique text effect .
This tutorial will show you some tips on how to use the Pen Tool , along with some Brushes and Blend Modes , to recreate the striped road inspired text effect above .
Using CS6
Extended all - new 3D interface , this tutorial will explain how to use those new 3D features to create an amazing autumn - themed 3D text effect .
This tutorial will show you how to create a stylish ornament typography and then apply a chalkboard effect using Adobe Illustrator , Photoshop and some vector ornaments .
In this beginner tutorial you will be shown the steps to create the ' Magical Fire Energy ' text effect you can see above .
You will be tackling painting , layer blending , and image adjustments .
In this tutorial , you will be combining Photoshop and Filter Forge to create a wood textured 3D text effect with a simple red glass heart .
In this time consuming tutorial you will learn how to create an Art Deco image and text effect based on the poster of The Great Gatsby movie , using Illustrator and Photoshop .
In this beginner level tutorial , using custom brushes and the liquify tool , you will learn how to recreate the beautiful fluid typography you can see above .
This tutorial will show you how to create your own scrabble tiles set from scratch , so that you can use them anytime with any background you like .
This Valentines themed tutorial will show you how to create a scrumpicous chocolate text effect using Layer Styles .
In this tutorial , you will be shown how to combine Photoshop with Filter Forge to create a glowing 3D text effect .
This tutorial shows you an easy method for create a beautiful bokeh text effect , using a simple brush and a layer effect .
In this tutorial you will learn how to create an old signage text effect using stock photos .
As a bonus you will also create a simple animated GIF .
Battleship Photoshop Text Effect
You might also like these Adobe Illustrator Text Effects Tutorials .
By Captain Pyke | January 3 , 2010 - 8:42 pm
According to a recent article from IDG News Service , some Trek fans are experiencing difficulties in redeeming their digital download copy of the new J.J. Abrams " Star Trek " .
Apparently when fans try to redeem the digital download from their Blu-ray version of the film , the code is coming back as already being used .
Yikes , ComputerWorld.com speculates that some of the codes may have been seeded in torrents around the web .
A representative of Deluxe Digital Studios ( posting to an Apple Discussions thread ) assures customers that " if they contact support via the website , they will receive a new code for their digital copy of Star Trek for iTunes or Windows Media . " ( source IDG News Service )
Check out the official Apple support discussion here .
Visit the Digital download support site here .
Read the full IDG News Service article here .
Crystals in meteorite discovered to be harder than diamonds
Technology
ani -Staff
By Super Admin
Washington , February 3 ( ANI ) : Scientists have found crystals in a meteorite that are even harder than diamonds .
According to a report in Discovery News , the finding was made by Tristan Ferroir and his team from the Universite de Lyon in France .
A closer look with an array of instruments revealed two totally new kinds of naturally occurring carbon , which are harder than the diamonds formed inside the Earth .
" The discovery was accidental but we were sure that looking in these meteorites would lead to new findings on the carbon system , " said Ferroir .
The researchers were polishing a slice of the carbon - rich Havero meteorite that fell to Earth in Finland in 1971 .
When they then studied the polished surface they discovered carbon - loaded spots that were raised well above the rest of the surface - suggesting that these areas were harder than the diamonds used in the polishing paste .
" That in itself is not surprising , " said diamond researcher Changfeng Chen of the University of Nevada in Las Vegas .
He explained that sometimes during the shock of impact graphite can create jumbled " amorphous " zones that can resist diamonds , at least those coming at them from one direction .
But what apparently happened in the Havero meteorite is that graphite layers were shocked and heated enough to create bonds between the layers - which is exactly how humans manufacture diamonds , Chen explained .
Ferroir 's team took the next step and put the diamond - resistant crystals under the scrutiny of some very rigorous mineralogical analyzing instruments to learn how its atoms are lined up .
That allowed them to confirm that they had , indeed , found a new " phase " or polymorph of crystalline carbon as well as a type of diamond that had been predicted to exist decades ago , but had never been found in nature until now .
Among the things that would be interesting to learn , Chen said , is how hard the new kinds of diamonds are .
The sample from the meteorite was far too small to test for hardness , except to show that it is certainly harder than regular diamonds .
" The only evidence we have for a higher hardness than diamond is the fact that we polished the rock section with a diamond paste and that our polymorph and polytypes were not polished by this material , " said Ferroir .
" This why we do think that its hardness is harder than diamond , " he added .
( ANI )
Kurt Helin and Corey Robinson explain why they do n't think it made any sense for the Clippers to part ways with Doc Rivers , especially because this season was so abnormal .
Christmas - themed social engineering for nefarious purposes come as no surprise this time of year .
But the cybercriminals responsible for the latest variant of Koobface have come up with a new slant that demonstrates how clever the bad guys have become at blending and scaling up tried - and - true attack techniques .
This particular variant of the Koobface worm — dubbed Koobface .
GK — initiates by posting malicious links on Facebook wall pages enticing folks to click on a cutesy Christmas video .
Attempts to play the video turns over control of the PC to the attacker , says PandaLabs researcher Sean - Paul Correll .
The victim next sees a Windows warning message requiring them to solve a CAPTCHA puzzle within three minutes .
If you see this screen , you must solve the puzzle to regain control of your PC .
A timer ticks down .
If the puzzle goes unsolved after three minutes , the PC freezes up .
Rebooting wo n’t help .
The CAPTCHA puzzle will reappear .
The only way to end the loop is to solve the CAPTCHA .
The victim can then use his or her machine as normal .
But the attacker still has control .
While this ruse is unfolding , the worm separately uses the victim ’s machine to fill out a new account application .
This goes on unseen by the victim .
Solving the CAPTCHA is the final step in creating a new Facebook account .
The new account is then used to post more tainted Christmas links .
And the cycle repeats .
Trailblazing new way to create shell accounts
These bad guys have thus pioneered a cheaper , faster way to create shell Facebook accounts for nefarious purposes .
This is a much more robust method than recruiting CAPTCHA - resolvers and paying them a few pennies to resolve new account application CAPTCHAs in real time , as LastWatchdog disclosed in this investigative story .
The bad guys have made it difficult for Facebook to cut them off , since active members are actually creating the new accounts , says Correll .
“ It ’s a completely decentralized way to propagate the worm by way of using the victims ’ machines , making the victim solve the CAPTCHA , ” say Correll .
Holiday threats are nothing new .
Andy Hayter , Anti-Malcode Program Manager of ICSA Labs , notes that CHRISTMA EXEC infected early IBM - based VM CMS systems way back in 1987 by spamming email addresses with an image of a Christmas tree .
“ Malware has been present almost every year since then , and exploiting the end - user is as easy now as it was 22 years ago , ” says Hayter .
“ The explosion of social media sites like Facebook , Twitter and MySpace is changing the game .
Anyone can register , and users do n’t need any prior cyber knowledge to participate . ”
Hayter contends that social media sites should include mandatory education on cyber security , cyber safety and cyber ethics to teach the public how to use technology responsibly .
— By Byron Acohido
December 11th , 2009 | Imminent threats
Another of those beaten , Satoshi Iwama , said he received five stitches after a blow to the head .
Although protests against forced evictions have become increasingly common in China , the aggrieved rarely succeed in venting their complaints on Chang ’an Avenue , the heavily policed artery that passes in front of the Forbidden City , Tiananmen Square and Zhongnanhai , the residential compound of China ’s top leaders .
Ai Weiwei , an artist and dissident who joined the demonstration , sent out a spate of Twitter messages detailing the march , which he said made it only about 500 yards before the police intervened .
“ It was instinctive , ” he said of the decision to protest .
“ We made a lot of noise , and I think we had a big impact . ”
It is unclear whether the protest will force any action against the masked attackers or alter the course of development that threatens at least 10 clusters of studios where artists live and work on the fringes of the city .
The clusters , called “ artist villages , ” house as many as 1,000 painters , sculptors and performance artists .
For two adjacent art districts that were the scene of the early morning protest , known as Zheng Yang and 008 , it may be too late .
In November , the developer cut off electricity and water , and most of the buildings have already been destroyed .
If the Empire High provides any reasonable sample , Wi-Fi access aboard buses appears to eliminate almost all behavioral hijinks .
Many students have also used their bus time as a " rolling study hall , " even if some naturally spend their time playing games or Facebooking .
Perhaps one or two were quietly working on their next big idea to join these high school geniuses .
In the last 20 years , one type of fat in ­particular has been portrayed as being especially bad for us : ­saturated .
We are submitted to a barrage of advice : " saturated fats are killing us " ; " eat low - fat spread " ; " do n't use lard " ; " trim off all the fat from meat " .
In the latest ­instalment of this long - running saga , heart surgeon Shyam Kolvekar is now demanding that we banish butter from our diets .
But no entire food group needs to be ( or should be ) ­completely removed from our diet and fat is no ­exception .
Each cell in the body requires fatty ­acids to absorb ­vitamins A , D , E and K .
Fat adds to the taste of food and is an ­important energy source .
We need it to support our natural growth , to keep skin healthy and taut , to protect our vision and boost our immune ­functions .
We need it to help our brains function ­normally , too .
And we need to eat a healthy balance of naturally occurring fats to get these benefits .
So how much fat is safe ?
Fats should not take up more than 35 % of one 's daily calorie intake .
That may sound like a lot , but fat is a very ­intensive ­calorie source .
For example , 100g of butter – 10 of the small packs that ­cafes provide with a scone – provide 717 calories , making up one third of the average female 's recommended daily calorie intake of 2,000 ( men 's is higher , at 2,500 ) .
And " good " fats do n't contain any fewer calories than bad fats , so substituting an olive oil - based spread for butter wo n't make you slimmer ( and it will likely be laden with colourants and other undesirable additives ) .
But there is more to fat than calories , so knowing your trans fats from your monounsaturates is one of the best things you can do for your health .
Saturated fat
This is the most traditional source of fat and is largely animal - based .
It includes the fat found in meats , ­butter , cheese and cream .
There are also many food products that contain these fats , with cakes , biscuits and ­pastries being the obvious culprits .
Slightly less obvious are items such as barbecued chicken , many sauce mixes , pre-frozen roast vegetables and ­confectionary bars .
Guidelines tell us that we should not exceed 11 % of our daily fat intake in this form .
It is seen as a bad fat because too much of it will contribute to hardening and narrowing of the arteries .
Unsaturated fats ( ' good ' fats )
There are two main kinds of unsaturated fats – monounsaturated and poly­unsaturated .
The former come mainly from the oleic acid found in most nuts , avocado pears , rapeseed and ­olive oils .
Monounsaturated fat is believed to lower cholesterol and may assist in ­reducing heart disease .
Like polyunsaturated fat , it provides essential fatty acids for healthy skin and the development of body cells .
And polyunsaturates are the essential fatty acids that contain the richest sources of Omega - 3 and Omega - 6 , mainly found in fish oil , sunflower and corn oils and products made from these oils .
Polyunsaturates can help reduce the " bad " cholesterol caused by ­saturated fat .
You will find good sources in cold - pressed , unfiltered organic oils such as flax and rapeseed as well as in fish oils .
Trans fatty acids ( TFAs )
A by - product of hydrogenated vegetable oil , TFAs are technically monounsaturates , but have been proven to be dangerous to health .
Denmark was the first country to cut them out completely , saying there was " no such thing as a safe limit " .
Switzerland and Austria have since followed .
And this week the UK Faculty of Public Health , representing 3,300 doctors , is urging ministers to eradicate them here , too .
TFAs were originally created in 1903 when an American chemist worked out that by boiling cottonseed oil to 260C , he could make it solidify .
Why did he want to do that ?
To make cheap candles .
Proctor & Gamble spotted the potential for food and bought the patent in 1909 .
It soon launched Crisco shortening in the US , a wonder food that contained no animal fat , did n't soak up other ­flavours and had a great shelf life .
It was n't until the 1970s that researchers discovered how ­damaging TFAs were .
TFAs do not just lower your " good " cholesterol level ; they simultaneously raise the " bad " .
The most important research began in the US in 1976 and ran for 13 years .
It found that a 2 % increase in TFA ­calories would bring a 23 % increased risk of heart ­disease .
So , in terms of heart health , consuming 25g of TFA is equivalent to eating an entire 227g block of butter .
And something like a take - away pie could easily contain 15g of TFA .
These days , a voluntary code has drastically reduced the amount of trans fat in supermarket own - brand products , but look out for hydrogenated vegetable oil on the ingredients lists of familiar brand names .
You will still find it in cakes and confectionary , ­instant hot drinks , ready - bake cake mixes and , most commonly , where it is unidentified : that is , in take - away foods ( especially anything that has been deep - fried ) .
Trace amounts of TFAs ( less than 1 % ) , naturally occur in meat and milk too , but these do not seem to carry any risk .
So our Victorian ­ancestors , it seems , had a point : stick to natural sources and just watch the quantities .
There ­really is nothing wrong with ­butter as long as you spread it on in moderation .
As we see in this first ever video , the Windows Phone 7 interface is filled with simple , beautiful animations not so dissimilar to the Zune HD .
UPDATE :
Advertisement
UPDATE : Here 's more video showing us the experience of maps and web browsing .
Very sharp .
UPDATE 2 : And here 's a full features rundown clip that 's a must - watch .
UPDATE 3 : One last video from Recombu — here we see a giant Windows 7 Series mockup running the interface in real time .
It probably offers the best feel of general navigation we 've seen yet .
Whew , okay .
Back on the horse I go .
Wait no that sounds like I am doing heroin , I am not doing heroin !
See you tomorrow .
Mobile advertising firm AdMob today released its January 2010 Mobile Metrics Report , revealing some interesting data about application usage and demographics for iPhone and iPod touch users , as well as users of Android and webOS handsets .
Among the more interesting statistics collected in the opt - in survey of nearly 1,000 respondents were results showing that 50 % of iPhone users download at least one paid application per month , compared to only 35 % of iPod touch users .
Only 20 - 25 % of Android and webOS users similarly download at least one paid app per month .
But while iPhone users are more likely iPod touch users to download paid apps , iPod touch users download more apps in total .
According to the survey , iPod touch users download an average of just over 12 applications per month with 1.6 of them being paid , while iPhone users download only 8.8 applications per month with 1.8 of them being paid .
iPod touch users also spend 25 % more time using applications on their devices than iPhone and Android users .
In looking at demographics of users , AdMob 's survey found that iPhone , iPod touch , and webOS user bases are all in the range of 54 - 58 % male , while Android skews much more strongly to 73 % male .
iPod touch users are also typically much younger than the smartphone users , with 78 % of iPod touch users being below the age of 25 while only 24 - 25 % of iPhone , Android , and webOS users are similarly below age 25 .
The data corresponds with previous comments made by mobile analytics firm Flurry regarding Apple 's positioning of the iPod touch as building a base of future iPhone customers .
AdMob 's survey also asked users about their plans for purchasing Apple 's iPad tablet device and found that 16 % of iPhone users are planning to purchase an iPad in the next six months while only 11 % of webOS and 6 % of Android users are planning similar purchases .
This compares with only 6 % of iPhone users , 5 % of Android users , and 2 % of webOS users who are planning to purchase a Kindle in the same timeframe .
Finally , the survey questioned users about their willingness to recommend their devices to others , and the iPhone ( 91 % ) and iPod touch ( 88 % ) topped the list .
84 % of Android users are likely to recommend their device , while webOS brought up the rear with only 69 % of users willing to recommend their device and 3.4 times more likely than iPhone OS users to specifically not recommend their device .
Cavuto interviewed Scott Brown today ( he touted it as an exclusive interview ) and asked him to comment on the tragedy that struck Austin , Texas .
The news has swirled around Joseph Stack 's suicidal action .
Instead of denouncing it as a domestic terrorist act or a lone wolf nut --- he did n't hesitate to use it for his own political advantage and said this :
Brown : and I do n't know if it 's related but you can just sense not only in my election and being here in Washington , people are frustrated .
That they want transparency .
They want their elected officials to be accountable and open and talk about the things that are affecting their daily lives .
So I 'm not sure if there 's a connection there I certainly hope not .. We need to do things better .
If he hopes that there 's no connection to his " people are frustrated " routine then why did he bring this up in the first place ?
He uses this catastrophe to pump up his own election .
How sweet .
Wow .
It reveals a lot about the man , does n't it ?
One of the more enlightening e-mails to spill out of the Climategate scandal is a report on the progress of Siberian fossilized tree ring work .
The report , dated October 9 , 1998 , focuses on some two thousand samples of fossilized trees thirty - three nautical miles north of the present - day Arctic Circle .
The report attempts to correlate the migration , north and south , of the tree line with annual tree ring dating so that an actual year can be assigned to a certain location of the Arctic Circle .
The report correctly states that there has been migration of the polar tree line over the past several thousand years , but the investigators attribute this migration singularly to the cold tolerances of tree species .
Although the botanists are correct that cold tolerance does affect the northern limit of trees , they incorrectly attribute the migration solely to variation in climatic temperatures .
This is only part of the answer .
The other part lies in the in the geographic fact that creates the Arctic Circle in the first place .
The location of the Arctic Circle is a function of the tilt of the Earth 's axis , which is approximately twenty - three and a half degrees ( 23.5o ) from the orbital plane of our planet .
This is why the Arctic Circle is at sixty - six and half degrees ( 66.5o ) north latitude , exactly 23.5o south of the North Pole , which is at ninety degrees ( 90o ) north latitude .
But this angle of axis tilt has not always been 23.5o .
The Earth 's axis has been calculated to " wobble " on a 40,000 - year cycle .
This " wobble " is known as " precession , " and this phenomenon is well - documented by astronomical observations throughout history .
As the axis wobbles , it points toward different parts of the heavens .
There is even an entry in Christopher Columbus 's log where he admonishes his officers that the star Polaris ( the North Star ) is not located due north at the center of the celestial sphere but is off by one degree .
That is not the fact today , but five hundred years ago , Polaris was off by one degree .
Calculations have revealed that the tilt of the Earth 's axis has been as much as twenty - four degrees ( 24o ) and little as twenty - two and a half degrees ( 22.5o ) .
These variations in the tilt of the axis over time have been linked to the onset and end of ice ages simply because the size on the arctic would expand and contract correspondingly to the angle of tilt resulting in a migration of the Arctic Circle tree line .
The now - discredited Dr. Jones of East Anglia University would like us to believe that the migration of the tree line along the Arctic Circle eliminates what is known as the Medieval Optimum , a warm period one thousand years ago when the Vikings were growing grapes in Greenland .
Dr. Jones fails to take into account the " wobble " of the Earth 's axis , which just three thousand years ago was pointing toward the star Kochab in the constellation Ursa Minor ( the Little Dipper ) so that it was fixed at the center of the celestial sphere .
The measurements of this " wobble " over the last hundred years reveal that in 1900 , the tilt was 23.45229 degrees ; in 1977 , the tilt was 23.44229 degrees ; and in the year 2000 , the tilt was 23.43928 degrees .
The e-mail report does conclude that " [t ] here are no evidences of moving polar timberline to the north during last century . "
By establishing that there has been no northern migration of the Arctic Circle tree line , this might suggest that global temperatures have remained stable over the last one hundred years .
However , keep in mind that this observation is consistent with the fact that the tilt of the Earth 's axis has not shifted appreciably over that last century , either .
The bigger question is this :
Why was this small piece of the puzzle omitted from the reports generated by the U.N. 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) that Dr. Jones helped compile ?
Is it possible that it is because this fact completely contradicts the " prevailing scientific view " that Dr. Jones would have us believe ?
How a phone given to thousands of employees still manages to be nothing more than an occasional blip on the internets continues to boggle our mind .
This latest Nexus One / " Google Phone " sighting comes care of two Twitter chatters -- @djrobrob and the less protected account of @phillm .
It 's the clearest shot of the interface we 've gotten , and given our previous go - to videos have been subsequently pulled , the best " motion picture " interpretation we 've got -- take a look for yourself after the break .
Georgia Lawyers : Shepard , Plunkett & Hamilton , LLP
Regardless of what legal issue you may be facing , you expect your attorney to be active , diligent , and committed to obtaining a favorable outcome in your case .
Whether you are seeking compensation for an injury , legal protections when entering into a contract , or effective advocacy in criminal defense , you need a lawyer you can trust .
At Shepard , Plunkett & Hamilton , LLP , our lawyers take pride in providing honest , professional , and effective representation that yields results for our clients .
We are dedicated to representing individuals , families , businesses , and local governments in a full range of legal practice areas .
Our attorneys are dedicated to providing every client with results - driven legal service .
You can trust that we will take on your case with pride and remain dedicated to obtaining the best possible resolution to your case .
With a wide range of experience in delivering effective advocacy , we provide our clients with experienced legal advice and the focused attention they need to achieve results .
Contact us today for a free consultation in selected matters .
The Focus of Our Law Firm
Family law :
We protect the rights of individuals , families , and children in family law cases , including divorce , property settlement agreements , issues of child custody and contempt of court for nonpayment of child support or alimony .
We protect the rights of individuals , families , and children in family law cases , including divorce , property settlement agreements , issues of child custody and contempt of court for nonpayment of child support or alimony .
Criminal defense :
Our criminal defense lawyers protect the rights of clients who are accused of virtually any felony , misdemeanor or traffic violation , including DUI defense , property crimes , sex crimes and white collar crimes .
Our criminal defense lawyers protect the rights of clients who are accused of virtually any felony , misdemeanor or traffic violation , including DUI defense , property crimes , sex crimes and white collar crimes .
Personal injury : Our personal injury lawyers represent individuals who have been injured or whose loved ones have died as a result of negligence or wrongdoing .
We are experienced in all types of accidents and injuries , including brain and spinal cord injuries and wrongful death .
Our personal injury lawyers represent individuals who have been injured or whose loved ones have died as a result of negligence or wrongdoing .
We are experienced in all types of accidents and injuries , including brain and spinal cord injuries and wrongful death .
Workers ’ compensation :
We represent people who need to apply for workers ’ compensation benefits after a construction accident or other work injury , or who need to appeal a denied claim .
We represent people who need to apply for workers ’ compensation benefits after a construction accident or other work injury , or who need to appeal a denied claim .
Estate planning :
We are experienced in creating effective wills and trusts on behalf of our clients to protect the transfer of assets to established beneficiaries .
Our estate planning lawyers are also skilled in probating wills and in preserving the interests of our clients and their families when wills are contested .
We are experienced in creating effective wills and trusts on behalf of our clients to protect the transfer of assets to established beneficiaries .
Our estate planning lawyers are also skilled in probating wills and in preserving the interests of our clients and their families when wills are contested .
General civil litigation : Regardless of your case , we can handle a full - range of civil litigation cases , including breach of contract , construction disputes , and business litigation .
Regardless of your case , we can handle a full - range of civil litigation cases , including breach of contract , construction disputes , and business litigation .
Business representation :
We assist in the formation of corporations and limited liability companies and can assist with other business transactions and litigation , including real estate issues , contracts , transactions and employment law .
We assist in the formation of corporations and limited liability companies and can assist with other business transactions and litigation , including real estate issues , contracts , transactions and employment law .
Local government agencies :
We are experienced in representing individuals , businesses and local governments in cases involving zoning and planning , eminent domain , and tax appraisal .
Whether you are acting on behalf of a local government or are facing litigation with one , we have the experience to protect your rights .
We have attorneys licensed in Georgia and South Carolina and sworn to practice in all courts in the state of Georgia , including small claims , superior courts and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Georgia .
If you are interested in speaking with an experienced attorney about your case , contact our firm today .
Charlotte Banners
Carolina Signs and Wonders creates the banners you need to promote your business , special , or event !
With a wide range of size and material options , we make it easy to get the perfect banner for your needs .
Whether you are looking for a tradeshow banner , indoor sale banner , outdoor event banner , tabletop retractable banner , or any other custom banner , Carolina Signs and Wonders will work with you to create the right banner to help you accomplish your goals .
We handle every stage of the banner creation process , working alongside you to ensure that your banner design is not only attractive and eye - catching but contains the information you need to clearly convey your message .
Call Carolina Signs and Wonders today at ( 704 ) 286-1343 for a Free Consultation with a Banner Expert !
Promotional Banners
Banners can be used for many different functions .
One of the most common uses for banners is for business promotion .
Promotional banners are used both indoors and out , to either attract visitors to your location or event , or to assist them with finding particular areas or information once inside .
Hanging banners and retractable banners are common types for indoor use such as at a tradeshow , while more durable vinyl is used for outdoor or long - term use .
Carolina Signs and Wonders understands that high - quality banners are intended to help you accomplish your business goals , and in order to do so , must be professionally done .
As a local sign company , we are able to quickly and efficiently create marketing materials that work for you .
Banner Support Structure
Depending on how you choose to display your banner , you will need some sort of built - in hanging mechanism , such as grommets , or an external support structure , such as a banner stand .
Your banner may require both .
We discuss your intended use and placement for your banner during our initial consultation , and will ensure that we include any necessary structure or modifications in your quote .
We have multiple options for displaying your banner , and will be happy to discuss the products available .
Stop in to our local sign shop to view samples of different banner material and support structure types .
Full - Service Sign Company
Carolina Signs and Wonders handles every aspect of sign and banner manufacturing , including sign design , fabrication , and sourcing of any elements needed for banner display .
If your banner includes a stand , we will demonstrate how to properly assemble your banner so you are n’t frustrated and confused when trying to setup on site .
If you have large format banners or hanging banners , we will also assist with installation .
Free Expert Banner Consultation
Carolina Signs and Wonders creates attractive banners that help you meet your business goals .
As a local company , we can create a single banner or create all of the banners you need for indoor , outdoor , tradeshow , and event promotion for your business .
Call Carolina Signs and Wonders today at ( 704 ) 286-1343 for a Free Consultation with a Banner Expert !
Sunstein : Taxation and censorship of dissenting opinions “ will have a place ” under thought police program advocated in 2008 white paper
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , January 14 , 2010
The controversy surrounding White House information czar and Harvard Professor Cass Sunstein ’s blueprint for the government to infiltrate political activist groups has deepened , with the revelation that in the same 2008 dossier he also called for the government to tax or even ban outright political opinions of which it disapproved .
Sunstein was appointed by President Obama to head up the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , an agency within the Executive Office of the President .
On page 14 of Sunstein ’s January 2008 white paper entitled “ Conspiracy Theories , ” the man who is now Obama ’s head of information technology in the White House proposed that each of the following measures “ will have a place under imaginable conditions ” according to the strategy detailed in the essay .
1 ) Government might ban conspiracy theorizing .
2 ) Government might impose some kind of tax , financial or otherwise , on those who disseminate such theories .
That ’s right , Obama ’s information czar wants to tax or ban outright , as in make illegal , political opinions that the government does n’t approve of .
To where would this be extended ?
A tax or a shut down order on newspapers that print stories critical of our illustrious leaders ?
And what does Sunstein define as “ conspiracy theories ” that should potentially be taxed or outlawed by the government ?
Opinions held by the majority of Americans , no less .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The notion that Lee Harvey Oswald did not act alone in killing JFK , a view shared by the vast majority of Americans in every major poll over the last ten years , is an example of a “ conspiracy theory ” that the federal government should consider censoring , according to Sunstein .
A 1998 CBS poll found that just 10 per cent of Americans believed that Oswald acted alone , so apparently the other 90 per cent of Americans could be committing some form of thought crime by thinking otherwise under Sunstein ’s definition .
Sunstein also cites the belief that “ global warming is a deliberate fraud ” as another marginal conspiracy theory to be countered by government action .
In reality , the majority of Americans now believe that the man -made explanation of global warming is not true , and that global warming is natural , according to the latest polls .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
But Sunstein saves his most ludicrous example until last .
On page 5 he characterizes as “ false and dangerous ” the idea that exposure to sunlight is healthy , despite the fact that top medical experts agree prolonged exposure to sunlight reduces the risk of developing certain cancers .
To claim that encouraging people to get out in the sun is to peddle a dangerous conspiracy theory is like saying that promoting the breathing of fresh air is also a thought crime .
One can only presume that Sunstein is deliberately framing the debate by going to such absurd extremes so as to make any belief whatsoever into a conspiracy theory unless it ’s specifically approved by the kind of government thought police system he is pushing for .
Despite highlighting the fact that repressive societies go hand in hand with an increase in “ conspiracy theories , ” Sunstein ’s ‘ solution ’ to stamp out such thought crimes is to ban free speech , fulfilling the precise characteristic of the “ repressive society ” he warns against elsewhere in the paper .
“ We could imagine circumstances in which a conspiracy theory became so pervasive , and so dangerous , that censorship would be thinkable , ” he writes on page 20 .
Remember that Sunstein is not just talking about censoring Holocaust denial or anything that ’s even debatable in the context of free speech , he ’s talking about widely accepted beliefs shared by the majority of Americans but ones viewed as distasteful by the government , which would seek to either marginalize by means of taxation or outright censor such views .
No surprise therefore that Sunstein has called for re-writing the First Amendment as well as advocating Internet censorship and even proposing that Americans should celebrate tax day and be thankful that the state takes a huge chunk of their income .
The government has made it clear that growing suspicion towards authority is a direct threat to their political agenda and indeed Sunstein admits this on page 3 of his paper .
That is why they are now engaging in full on information warfare in an effort to undermine , disrupt and eventually outlaw organized peaceful resistance to their growing tyranny .
This article was posted : Thursday , January 14 , 2010 at 2:12 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Emily Ruskowski is n’t thinking of much as she sits on a concrete bench at the Foggy Bottom Metro stop on a late - summer night in 2009 .
In a station crowded with loitering commuters , one man makes his presence known .
He ’s tall , young , dressed professionally in a blue button - down and black slacks , not bad looking , actually .
He paces in front of Ruskowski once , twice , before finally settling down next to her on the bench .
He stands up again , paces a few feet away , turns his back to the rail , and stands facing Ruskowski .
When the train arrives , Ruskowski files in one car behind him .
Twenty minutes later , Ruskwoski , 25 , arrives at the West Falls Church station and heads up the escalator .
There he is again — already waiting at the turnstiles , quibbling with a station manager over a faulty SmarTrip card .
The manager lets him through the gate , and he stands on the other side , facing Ruskowski again , waiting as she makes her way through the turnstile .
He starts flirting .
“ How are you ? ” he asks .
He speaks with a thick foreign accent .
Ruskowski was right :
He is handsome .
“ What ’s your name ?
Do you have a boyfriend ? ”
They turn toward the parking garage , where Ruskowski had left her Toyota that morning .
He asks her to have dinner with him .
And for her phone number .
She is polite .
She tells him she ’ll take his number down .
She ’ll call him .
They reach the elevator .
Ruskowski presses the button for her floor .
“ What floor are you on ? ” she asks him .
“ Same as you , ” he says .
It ’s almost 1 a.m. , and Ruskowski does n’t mind having company through the desolate garage , actually .
“ I ’ll be fine , ” she thinks .
“ This pervert is going to walk me to my car .
No other pervert will grab me , as I ’m claimed by this pervert . ”
They exit the elevator .
The floor is empty save for two cars , parked side - by - side .
Out of 2,009 parking spots in the garage , they had parked directly next to each other .
“ That ’s funny .
You parked next to me , ” Ruskowski tells the guy .
“ I did n’t drive , ” he says .
They reach her car .
He asks her out .
He asks for her phone number .
The hair on the back of her neck begins to rise up .
Had he followed her all the way from Foggy Bottom ?
She counters again for his number .
“ No , I ’m taking yours , ” he informs her .
Ruskowski rummages for a slip of paper in her purse , careful to avoid any receipt with a name or an address or a credit card number .
She considers delivering him a fake , but what if he calls , right there , in the empty lot ?
She writes down her phone number and hands it to him .
And then he ’s leaning on the driver ’s side door of her car .
He wants a hug .
She puts her arms out to block him and he wraps himself around her .
She pulls away and says goodnight .
“ Why do n’t I come to your house , now ? ” he presses her .
“ Where do you live ?
I do n’t have a car , ” he says .
Ruskowski tells him she has to leave .
She unlocks her door .
She ’s shaking .
“ One more hug , ” he insists .
He circles around her , blocking her access to the door .
He reaches his hand out and grabs her breast .
His hands pin her arms to her side .
She struggles .
He tries to kiss her .
She whips her face away , pushes him off , enters the car , slams the door , and locks it .
He knocks on the window to wave “ bye - bye . ”
She watches as he walks away , then peels out of the garage .
She calls her best friend , Sean Duggan .
Duggan is asleep in his Boston apartment , but he picks up the phone .
She sounds calm at first .
“ I think I ’ve been assaulted , ” she tells him .
As she recounts the story , she becomes more and more upset .
She sounds like she ’s in shock .
She starts to sound a little paranoid .
She ’s worried about the man recognizing her car , knowing her license plate number , tracking her down with her phone number , showing up at her house , waiting for her at the Metro stop .
They stay on the phone for an hour .
Ruskowski returns to the station the next day and files a report with the Metro Transit Police .
That night , she receives a call from a strange phone number .
She does n’t pick up ; the caller leaves no message .
The next morning , the number calls again .
No message .
She ca n’t believe she actually surrendered her contact information to a sexual assailant .
Ruskowski calls the Metro police over and over again , hoping to reach an officer who will investigate the case in light of the new information — she ’s got the guy ’s number .
She keeps getting redirected to a line that no one answers .
Eventually , Detectives Jim Duncan and Kate Loran take Ruskowski’s call and provide her with this instruction :
If the guy calls again , pick up .
The next day , he calls .
She picks up .
It ’s him .
The phone connection is bad , and the man ’s accent is thick , but she can make out his intent : “ When can I see you , when can I see you , ” he says .
“ I love you , I love you .
I ’ll see you , I ’ll see you . ”
Ruskowski proposes an afternoon date for the next day .
They agree to meet at the West Falls Church Metro at 4 p.m .
Ruskowski gets there at 3 .
She waits just outside the turnstiles .
Loran stands beside her , posing in plainclothes as Ruskowski ’s friend .
Three other officers stand by .
Ruskowski keeps her eyes on the top of the escalator , scanning the face of each passenger who churns up into the station .
Her date calls at 4:10 p.m .
He ’s late .
An hour later , he comes up the escalator and walks through the turnstile toward Ruskowski .
He does n’t get within 50 feet of her .
She signals Loran .
The man slows down .
He sees the officers approaching .
He attempts to turn around and re-enter the station .
Then he swerves and runs for the exit .
The officers restrain him .
The man attempts to struggle out of their grasp .
They bind him in handcuffs .
One month later , he pleads guilty to sexual battery by force in Fairfax County District Court .
Six months after the attack — after the stalking , the grope , the police report , the sting operation , the restraining order and the plea hearing —
Ruskowski is glad her groper followed up .
“ I felt really stupid for giving him my phone number , but that ’s the thing that helped us catch him , ” Ruskowski says .
“ I would never advocate giving your assailant your number , of course , but I would do anything in your power to report the incident , as hard as it can be .
If you ’re persistent and honest , someone will listen to you at some point . ”
—-
This column is the fifth ( and final ! ) in a series .
Catch up :
Part 1 : Touch and Go : How Groping Happens .
Part 2 : “ I Just Wanted Him to Finish And Leave ” : Why Some Groping Victims Stay Silent .
Part 3 : “ Why Would I Want to Touch Your Ass ? ” : When Groping Victims Talk Back .
Part 4 : “ I Wanted Him to Feel Physical Pain ” : The Revenge Fantasies of Groping Victims
Find all the Sexist ’s groping coverage here .
Illustration by Brooke Hatfield .
The irony .
A day after I post an article about how miserable " fans " should shut their mealy mouths , here comes the Sonic Furry Brigade to ruin everybody 's day .
In what is perhaps one of the most pathetic fanboy petitions I 've ever seen , a group is urging people to buy the original Sonic the Hedgehog on the day of Sonic 4's release , as a show of protest against Sega 's franchise reboot .
The group , having only seen several seconds of leaked , unfinished gameplay , now declares that Sonic 4 is not exactly what they want out of a game , and are buying Sonic 1 in a bid to show Sega that they basically just want a remake and not a new game at all .
At least , that 's the message they 'll definitely be sending .
Here 's their ridiculous statement :
Fans of the sonic series are like most sega fans , we want their old games brought back to the glory days when sega was pretty much the power in video games .
Seeing the gameplay of sonic 4 has made many of us realize what we already knew , Sonic 4 will simply not be anywhere near as good as the original sonic games .
Either way ,
We will decide to finally show sega what the fans truly want .
A real sonic 4 , as long as sonic 4 stays the way it is , we will not buy it , we will in fact buy sonic 1 on release in protest of sonic 4 , till we end up with a re tool , or change , we want sonic in hd , not sonic RUSH HD .
We will not buy a future sonic game , till we get a true successor to sonic 1/2 .
The gameplay released so far does not make Sonic 4 look like Sonic Rush at all .
It looks closer to Sonic Advance than Sonic Rush in terms of pacing and that game was , in my mind , a true successor to the old school games .
I 've seen nothing in the leaked footage or screens so far to tell me that this game will be anything like rush .
As always , self - proclaimed fans of a series display that they know dick - all about the thing they claim to love .
These people should hang up their furry costumes in shame .
Will buy SONIC 1 on SONIC 4 release [ ipetitions , thanks Jer ]
US President Barack Obama looks set to bypass Victoria on his Australian tour next month .
The draft plan for the visit , which is expected between March 22 and 24 , has the President spending most of his time in Sydney .
A proposal for Mr Obama to visit the national capital Canberra to address federal Parliament is likely but has not been confirmed , Melbourne 's Herald Sun reported .
Unless the plan is changed , it means Victoria will again miss out on a presidential visit .
George Bush
Sr was the last US president to visit Victoria when he went to Melbourne in 1992 .
Bill Clinton and George W. Bush did not visit the state on their trips .
Mr Obama will be the fifth US president to visit Australia .
He will be accompanied by his wife , Michelle , and children Malia and Sasha .
The family have expressed interest in seeing wildlife such as koalas , kangaroos , wombats and platypuses .
Sources said Mr Obama wanted to visit Melbourne but there was n't enough time .
INTRODUCTION
As I discussed in my last post , I ’m exploring the International Surface Hourly ( ISH ) weather data archived by NOAA to see how a simple reanalysis of original weather station temperature data compares to the Jones CRUTem3 land - based temperature dataset .
While the Jones temperature analysis relies upon the GHCN network of ‘ climate - approved ’ stations whose number has been rapidly dwindling in recent years , I ’m using original data from stations whose number has been actually growing over time .
I use only stations operating over the entire period of record so there are no spurious temperature trends caused by stations coming and going over time .
Also , while the Jones dataset is based upon daily maximum and minimum temperatures , I am computing an average of the 4 temperature measurements at the standard synoptic reporting times of 06 , 12 , 18 , and 00 UTC .
U.S. TEMPERATURE TRENDS , 1973-2009
I compute average monthly temperatures in 5 deg .
lat / lon grid squares , as Jones does , and then compare the two different versions over a selected geographic area .
Here I will show results for the 5 deg .
grids covering the United States for the period 1973 through 2009 .
The following plot shows that the monthly U.S. temperature anomalies from the two datasets are very similar ( anomalies in both datasets are relative to the 30 - year base period from 1973 through 2002 ) .
But while the monthly variations are very similar , the warming trend in the Jones dataset is about 20 % greater than the warming trend in my ISH data analysis .
This is a little curious since I have made no adjustments for increasing urban heat island ( UHI ) effects over time , which likely are causing a spurious warming effect , and yet the Jones dataset which IS ( I believe ) adjusted for UHI effects actually has somewhat greater warming than the ISH data .
A plot of the difference between the two datasets is shown next , which reveals some abrupt transitions .
Most noteworthy is what appears to be a rather rapid spurious warming in the Jones dataset between 1988 and 1996 , with an abrupt “ reset ” downward in 1997 and then another spurious warming trend after that .
While it might be a little premature to blame these spurious transitions on the Jones dataset , I use only those stations operating over the entire period of record , which Jones does not do .
So , it is difficult to see how these effects could have been caused in my analysis .
Also , the number of 5 deg grid squares used in this comparison remained the same throughout the 37 year period of record ( 23 grids ) .
The decadal temperature trends by calendar month are shown in the next plot .
We see in the top panel that the greatest warming since 1973 has been in the months of January and February in both datasets .
But the bottom panel suggests that the stronger warming in the Jones dataset seems to be a warm season , not winter , phenomenon .
THE NEED FOR NEW TEMPERATURE RENALYSES
I suspect it would be difficult to track down the precise reasons why the differences in the above datasets exist .
The data used in the Jones analysis has undergone many changes over time , and the more complex and subjective the analysis methodology , the more difficult it is to ferret out the reasons for specific behaviors .
I am increasingly convinced that a much simpler , objective analysis of original weather station temperature data is necessary to better understand how spurious influences might have impacted global temperature trends computed by groups such as CRU and NASA / GISS .
It seems to me that a simple and easily repeatable methodology should be the starting point .
Then , if one can demonstrate that the simple temperature analysis has spurious temperature trends , an objective and easily repeatable adjustment methodology should be the first choice for an improved version of the analysis .
In my opinion , simplicity , objectivity , and repeatability should be of paramount importance .
Once one starts making subjective adjustments of individual stations ’ data , the ability to replicate work becomes almost impossible .
Therefore , more important than the recently reported “ do - over ” of a global temperature reanalysis proposed by the UK’s Met Office would be other , independent researchers doing their own global temperature analysis .
In my experience , better methods of data analysis come from the ideas of individuals , not from the majority rule of a committee .
Of particular interest to me at this point is a simple and objective method for quantifying and removing the spurious warming arising from the urban heat island ( UHI ) effect .
The recent paper by McKitrick and Michaels suggests that a substantial UHI influence continues to infect the GISS and CRU temperature datasets .
In fact , the results for the U.S. I have presented above almost seem to suggest that the Jones CRUTem3 dataset has a UHI adjustment that is in the wrong direction .
Coincidentally , this is also the conclusion of a recent post on Anthony Watts ’ blog , discussing a new paper published by SPPI .
It is increasingly apparent that we do not even know how much the world has warmed in recent decades , let alone the reason (s ) why .
It seems to me we are back to square one .
After the fourth disruption , Oren took a 20 - minute break before he returned .
They could face misdemeanor charges as well as university disciplinary hearings that could result in suspensions or dismissals , Lawhon said .
The students were held in a nearby room until Oren finished his speech and were then released , said university spokeswoman Cathy Lawhon .
The remainder of his words were drowned out by an uproar of cheering and clapping from students sitting around him before he was led away by university police .
It was the first of 10 interruptions throughout the speech , and by the end of the night , 11 UC Irvine and Riverside students were arrested and cited for disturbing a public event .
“ Michael Oren , propagating murder is not an expression of free speech , ” the student in a gray hoodie yelled .
Soon after Israeli ambassador to the United States Michael Oren began his speech Monday night at UC Irvine , the first student rose .
“ I ’ve spent most of my life living in and studying the Middle East and one of the great and eternal cultural facets of the Middle East is hospitality ... even if you do not agree with them , even if they ’re ostensibly your enemy , ” Oren remarked , before continuing his speech .
“ I ’m your guest here and I ’m asking for the Middle Eastern hospitality for your guest , I ’ve come into your house . ”
The speech about U.S. - Israeli relations was organized by several organizations and campus departments “ to address tough issues in an open kind of way , ” said Shalom Elcott , president and chief executive of the Jewish Federation of Orange County .
Before the speech , Elcott said his group was aware of an orchestrated campaign in which he said students were assigned a position and statement to read in order to disrupt the ambassador ’s speech .
The group notified campus police .
Elcott and others blamed the university ’s Muslim Student Union for the disruptions .
A statement posted on that group ’s website Monday condemned the university for inviting a man who “ took part in a culture that has no qualms with terrorizing the innocent , killing civilians , demolishing their homes and illegally occupying their land . ”
The union , however , denied responsibility for the protests .
“ It was not put on by the MSU , but rather by students acting on their own , ” said Hadeer Soliman , union spokeswoman .
Only one of the students arrested could be reached , and he declined to comment .
During the speech , both the UC Irvine chancellor and the political science department chair chided the protesting crowd and called the disruptions embarrassing .
“ Shame on you , ” Chairman Mark Petracca yelled at one point .
But despite the constant interruptions , there was also a strange routine to the disturbances .
A student would stand up and yell his statement followed by both cheers and jeers from the crowd .
Then , as if on cue , he would make his way to the aisle where waiting police officers led him out of the room .
“ They were very cooperative , they rose , they spoke and they began to leave their seats , ” Lawhon said .
“ Because they had been told what would happen if they did this . ”
-- Raja Abdulrahim
BEIJING  “ Avatar , ” the Hollywood blockbuster that has proved wildly popular with Chinese moviegoers , will be pulled in the next few days from the majority of Chinese theaters where it is showing , Chinese media outlets reported Tuesday .
The film , which can be viewed in standard format or in 3 - D , will be removed from theaters without 3 - D technology to make way for a domestically produced biography of Confucius , according to reports in state - controlled media that mainly quoted theater operators .
China limits the number of foreign films permitted to be shown in the country to 20 a year , and it also regulates the amount of time each of those films can be shown .
Officials ban any foreign films deemed unfriendly to the Communist Party but also want to ensure that any foreign imports deemed acceptable do not dominate the market and smother local film producers .
While many films have a shorter run in Chinese theaters than their foreign producers would like , it is rare for the authorities to cut short the showing of a runaway success like “ Avatar . ”
According to 20th Century Fox , the movie ’s distributor , the film has earned $ 76 million in ticket sales in China , making it the most successful movie so far in China .
The architecture of American embassies has been stuck lately in a predictable tug - of - war between a desire to express openness and an obsession , in an age of terrorism , with security .
The design for the new U.S. Embassy in London , released Tuesday morning by the State Department , finds a novel way to move past that split and take diplomatic architecture into fresh territory .
Designed by the Philadelphia firm KieranTimberlake , the proposed building makes an argument that an American embassy should do more than simply symbolize transparency , which all too often means a facility wrapped in glass but secluded deep inside an impenetrable suburban compound .
Instead it aspires to a different and broader set of values , primarily having to do with ecological responsibility and neighborliness within a tight urban fabric .
The design suggests that , rather than standing in for certain American virtues , what a contemporary U.S. embassy should be doing is behaving virtuously .
KieranTimberlake , in a written description of its concept , refers to the range of positive ways in which the building will " perform , " both as an example of sustainable architecture and as a piece of urban design .
Even as the design itself , for all its airiness and crisp confidence , is hardly radical from a formal point of view -- it consists of a cube sheathed in a shimmering polymer scrim and resting on a ground - floor colonnade of concrete pillars -- it represents a major shift in how we think about the role of U.S. government architecture , both at home and abroad .
It suggests putting an emphasis on action instead of values , measurable behavior rather than symbolic gestures .
Because this is the first major embassy design to emerge from Barack Obama 's year - old administration , of course , it is tempting to see signs in the architecture of his own political priorities .
As it turns out -- even though the embassy plans were first sketched out before Obama was sworn in , and the building wo n't be opened until he is out of office -- they are stamped all over the KieranTimberlake proposal .
Fans of the president may admire the embassy 's forthrightness , its cosmopolitanism and its willingness to admit , and address , environmental and other problems .
His critics may complain that the building , by taking such pains to be restrained , polite and energy - efficient , seems eager to apologize for the aggression or wastefulness of American culture .
Whatever side of that debate one comes down on , it seems clear that it was KieranTimberlake 's careful attempt to balance formal , urban and environmental priorities that helped it prevail in a high - profile design competition for the embassy , which was organized by the State Department 's Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations .
The runners - up were Thom Mayne and his Santa Monica firm , Morphosis ; Richard Meier & Partners ; and Pei Cobb Freed , the office founded by I.M. Pei .
The KieranTimberlake building will fill a roughly five - acre site along the southern edge of the Thames , in a district called the Nine Elms opportunity area , and replace Eero Saarinen 's 1960 embassy in Grosvenor Square , which preservationists in London have been fighting to save for a post - diplomatic life .
The State Department hopes to break ground on the new embassy in 2013 , with a planned opening date of 2017 .
At ground level , the architects , working with landscape architect Laurie Olin , have tried to engage the neighborhood despite security guidelines that require the building to sit back within a circular zone of blast protection .
A park will wind like a corkscrew from the riverfront onto the embassy grounds and into the building itself , which will feature a number of interior sky gardens , including a two - level Ambassador 's Garden on the upper floors .
A formal plaza leading to an entrance for embassy employees and dignitaries faces east , and the general public will enter through a curving path lined on both sides by greenery .
The embassy will sit safely on its northern edge , where it faces the river , behind a protective semicircular pond .
On the other sides , parking and some meeting rooms are tucked away securely under undulating landscaped mounds designed to do double duty as green space and protective barriers .
Although this proposal represents a move away from the bunker mentality that has marked so many recent U.S. embassies , it will likely be a stiff challenge to keep the building from looking armored at pedestrian level .
The move from Grosvenor Square to the new location , after all , was in large part driven by a desire to build a more easily protected facility .
Whether the new embassy seems open to the city around it may be a matter of perspective .
For Londoners who are accustomed to the accessibility of Saarinen 's building and who may even remember the days when it was possible to walk almost effortlessly inside , the new facility may appear hardened against attack .
But compared with recent U.S. embassies in other cities -- in Beijing and Baghdad , to name two -- this one makes a noticeable effort not to turn away from urban life .
The embassy 's cubic form will be wrapped on three sides in ETFE -- a transparent polymer and the same flexible material used on the outside of the Water Cube swimming arena for the 2008 Beijing Olympics -- that will not only shade the building but also hold flexible solar panels .
( The north side , facing the river , is left uncovered . )
The roof , meanwhile , will be covered with an array of solar panels that will hide mechanical equipment while producing electricity .
In a phone interview Monday , KieranTimberlake 's James Timberlake said the goal is a building that creates more energy on balance than it uses .
Ultimately , the embassy 's success as a piece of architecture will largely depend on how the ETFE scrim operates visually .
If the architects can manipulate it to curl or bend dramatically away from the boxy form underneath or to reflect light in novel ways , the building will likely carry a sculptural power to go with its operating efficiency .
If not , it may fade into the skyline , resembling a well - tailored but conventional office building .
The designs by the other finalists in the competition -- single images of which also were released Tuesday by the State Department -- suggest that the jury likely had a relatively clear choice in the end .
The Meier proposal , with its oddly slumping , humpbacked profile , and the one by Pei Cobb Freed , calling for an oval form wrapped in a crosshatch window pattern and sitting atop a squat pedestal , both lack the crisp , light - on - its - feet appeal of the winning design .
The entry by Mayne and Morphosis , on the other hand , has the coiled , contorted power of the firm 's most provocative work , calling for an undulating but also sagging tower rising unsteadily atop skinny pillars next to a series of jagged underground spaces that suggest military bunkers .
If conservative critics may find certain elements to dislike in the KieranTimberlake design , they would have positively howled over Mayne 's design , which suggests not an embassy stoutly fortified against possible attack but one that already has absorbed some major blows .
Still , I hope the State Department will allow his firm to publish the entire design in the coming days and not just the single rendering released Tuesday .
It certainly says something about the way the selection process for embassies has evolved that Mayne 's proposal -- the inspired , tightly wound work of an architect who has often used his buildings to advance a sharp critique of bureaucratic power -- made it to the final round .
-- Christopher Hawthorne
Images : Embassy renderings .
Credit : U.S. State Department / Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like Avalanche .
Did you enjoy Avalanche ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
Bees ’ bread and butter is flowers — there ’s no reason they should be able to distinguish human faces .
But they can .
Back in 2005 , Arian Dyer at Monash University showed that bees could identify people who they associated who with sugary snacks .
But could they recognize humans , or did they just see them as weird flowers ?
Martin Giurfa at France ’s Université de Toulouse contacted Dyer to work on that question .
First , they drew simple images of facial features — dots for eyes , slashes for nose and mouth .
The bees were trained to distinguish between an image with narrower features and one with wider ones .
Then the scientists asked if the insects could distinguish facelike features from non-faces ?
The bees won sugary rewards when they picked out faces as opposed to pictures that just had random dots and dashes .
Finally , the critters faced their ultimate task : to pick out real faces from those that had the features scrambled .
And : score .
Bees could indeed differentiate faces from non-faces .
The study was published in the Journal of Experimental Biology .
Scientists hope that the simple bee brain could be a model for automated facial recognition .
Which could help in FBI stings .
— Cynthia Graber
Mamadou Tandja had his first taste of power after a 1974 coup
In a country plagued by coups and and chronic poverty , Niger President Mamadou Tandja built his reputation on providing political and economic stability .
But with reports of a coup in the capital , Niamey , it seems Mr Tandja may be swept away in much the same fashion as many of his predecessors before the introduction of multi-party elections in 1999 .
Mr Tandja won two elections - in 1999 and 2004 - and was due to step down last December after 10 years in power .
But despite widespread criticism , Mr Tandja pushed through a constitutional amendment scrapping such presidential term limits .
Critics said this was aimed at allowing him to stay in power indefinitely .
But he said he just needed more time to complete projects such as the country 's first oil refinery , the construction of a dam on the River Niger and the mining of new uranium sites in the north of the country .
His supporters said these projects had already started to raise living standards in one of the world 's poorest countries and would be jeopardised by any change of power .
The BBC's Idy Baraou in Niamey says Mr Tandja has always insisted he would never let down his people , especially in hard moments when they need him .
And he has often told foreign critics that he was " serving Niger and its people , not the international community " .
But the opposition have accused him of trampling over Niger 's new - found democracy .
They said his attempts to remain in power were little different from the military coups which people in Niger thought had been consigned to history .
' Grassroots man ' Mr Tandja was born in 1938 in Maine Soroa , 1,400 km ( 870 miles ) east of Niamey .
He was raised in a family of shepherds .
His father was of Arab descent , his mother was ethnically Kanuri .
Mr Tandja 's plans have caused huge protests
He has a reputation as a pragmatist and his motto is : " To reconcile Niger 's people with work . "
He is known for his sense of justice and care towards the poor , needy and particularly rural people .
His ties with farmers and herdsmen have given him a reputation as a popular grassroots politician .
He has two wives and is the father of many children .
A retired army colonel , Mr Tandja first came to power in December 1999 following what the international community called " a fair and transparent democratic electoral process " .
That election came just eight months after a military takeover .
His 2004 re-election was the first time a president had been voted in for a second term .
At the time , observers called it proof of Niger 's " democratic maturity " .
Before this double victory , Mr Tandja had already had a taste of power .
In 1974 he took part in Niger 's first military coup , ousting President Hamani Diori .
He was named interior minister by Mr Diori and also served as an ambassador for many years .
' Democratic maturity '
It was not until 2005 that President Tandja 's government experienced its first serious social crisis .
Locust attacks and poor rainfall led to large - scale protests organised by civil society groups and opposition parties .
President Tandja said the 2005 food crisis had been exaggerated Civil society groups denounced hikes in the prices of basic commodities like sugar , milk and wheat flower .
Opposition parties accused his government of " unprecedented and rampant corruption " .
The government was heavily criticised for doing too little , too late to prevent the failed harvests turning into acute food shortages , affecting some 3.5 million people .
The government had rejected calls for the free distribution of food and instead subsidised the cost of staple foods .
But the very poorest said they still could not afford to buy enough to stave off hunger .
Journalists who reported on the scale of the problems were harassed .
And the president launched a scathing attack on UN aid agencies , accusing them of exaggerating the scale of the problems in order to get donor funds .
He also accused opposition parties of trying to gain political mileage out of the problems .
Analysts in Niger say Mr Tandja 's handling of the 2005 crisis owes much to his experiences in 1974 , when the government 's failure to deal with the severe food shortages led directly to a coup .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most councils hit 40 % recycling between July - September 2009
The majority of Scottish councils are on target to meet a key recycling target , according to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency ( Sepa ) .
The Scottish government has set local authorities the goal of recycling 40 % of their waste by the end of 2010 .
Sepa said its figures showed 18 of Scotland 's 32 councils have already met the target .
Environmental groups welcomed the news but said more had to be done to reduce waste in the first place .
The latest statistics showed that , between October 2008 and September 2009 , a total of 35.9 % of all municipal solid waste - 1,167,372 tonnes of rubbish - was either recycled or composted .
The figures also revealed a recycling rate of 39 % for July to September last year .
It is a fantastic achievement for some local authorities to be now recycling nearly half of their waste
Richard Lochhead
Environment minister During that three - month period , 18 of Scotland`s 32 councils exceeded the goal of recycling more than 40 % of their waste .
But the amount of waste recycled varied from 21.8 % in the Shetland Islands to 51.2 % in Clackmannanshire .
Environment minister Richard Lochhead said an additional £ 7 m would be handed out to help the 14 under - achieving local authorities to meet the target .
He added : " Before devolution , Scotland was almost wholly dependent on landfill , an out - of - sight and out - of - mind approach that was unsustainable and damaging to the environment .
" With this in mind , it is a fantastic achievement for some local authorities to be now recycling nearly half of their waste .
" These figures are testament to the hard work of households , businesses and the public sector .
" Together we can preserve Scotland 's world - wide reputation for unspoilt , unpolluted landscapes and tackle the threat of climate change . "
' Greater challenges '
Scottish government is planning a nationwide campaign to " get everyone in the recycling habit " , Mr Lochhead said .
Kenny Boag , Sepa 's national waste policy unit manager , said the rise in the recycling rate was " very encouraging " .
But he warned : " Even greater challenges lie ahead and we must all accept that this will require new and additional services , facilities and , most importantly , changes to our lifestyles so we may further prevent , reuse and recycle our waste in Scotland . "
Dr Dan Barlow , head of policy at environmental charity WWF Scotland , said it was " great " many councils had already reached the target of recycling 40 % of household waste .
He added : " Whilst Scotland 's progress in household recycling is encouraging , achieving a zero waste Scotland requires much greater progress in curbing the amount of waste we generate in the first place and addressing waste from industry . "
Rosiaina Browning from Friends of the Earth welcomed the rise in recycling but she added that reducing rubbish in the first place was the key to change .
She said : " In Scotland we still throw out enough waste to fill Murrayfield rugby stadium every day .
Recycling levels may be rising , but so too is the total amount of waste we produce .
" The next step is to help make it easier for people to avoid waste , such as excess packaging , junk mail and left - over food .
" Councils have been given targets of recycling 50 % their waste by 2013 , 60 % by 2020 and 70 % by 2025 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Personal Injury Lawyer in Toronto
D.K. of Calgary - " I was extremely pleased with my experience in using the cpiln.org website .
I received a call from a local injury lawyer within a few minutes ... " D.K. of Calgary - Read full testimonial
It has often been said that injury lawyers who spend the most on paid advertising on the internet , radio and tv are n't always the best lawyers .
In fact sometimes a client is just passed over to another lawyer in the firm for handling .
The person with the big smile and the tailored suit of clothes may not even actually go to Court .
Our Toronto Injury Lawyer does n't usually advertise .
Yet for over 30 years he has established a reputation as one of this city 's most accomplished Personal Injury trial lawyers .
He has done that not by running ads in public media but by the positive impact that results from word - of - mouth when clients refer new clients to him because of his skilful handling of their Personal Injury client files or when other professionals ( medical doctors and other experts involved in prosecuting injury cases ) refer their patients to him because they want the best representation for those patients .
He handles serious and complex personal injury and disability cases as well as cases of wrongful death .
He has successfully tried injury cases in all Ontario courts and is recognized by other lawyers and judges as a true expert in the field of Personal Injury Law .
Our Toronto Injury Lawyer served as Chair of the Editorial Board of the Ontario Trial Lawyers Association Journal , a pre-eminent publication of the legal profession .
He has authored many articles for law journals and has appeared as a legal expert in Injury Law on CFRB 's " Law Talk . "
In addition , he has spoken before groups including Osgoode Hall Law School Professional Development , the Advocate 's Society and the Ontario Trial Lawyer 's Association and has assisted other lawyers regarding Injury Law practice matters .
This Toronto Personal Injury lawyer is a " hands - on " practitioner .
Your case will receive his personal care and attention .
This is a lawyer who has earned his " Distinguished " rating from Martindale - Hubbell , an honour bestowed by other lawyers based on their opinions of his work , character and ethics .
He is also the recipient of the Ontario Trial Lawyers Association " Distinguished Service Award " as well as the " Dean Edgell Award " for his leadership in continuing education and legal writing .
We proudly offer a free initial consultation with our Toronto Personal Injury Lawyer .
He will speak directly with you and assess skilfully the merits of your injury matter .
This is an opportunity for you to connect with a real expert who is committed to the achievement of the highest standards for his clients .
He is someone who can deliver and who has been delivering for clients for three decades .
By completing our contact form on this page you may expect a call from him quickly .
To Circumcise or Not To Circumcise ?
Once a proverbial given in this and a number of other countries , circumcision has become a hot button issue , intensely debated in both family and medical circles .
For decades it was standard procedure for hospital births , but the numbers are quickly declining .
Today , 56 % of newborn boys are circumcised , although the rate varies considerably by geographic region in the U.S.
In 1999 , the American Pediatric Association revised their statement on circumcision to acknowledge the “ potential medical benefits ” of the procedure but concluded “ these data are not sufficient to recommend routine neonatal circumcision . ”
Most of Canada has “ de- listed ” circumcision as a necessary ( i.e. paid for ) procedure .
In truth , the decision to circumcise is n’t purely medical even as it becomes increasingly controversial .
Intangible aspects play as much or more of a role in parents ’ choice as scientific research .
For some families , circumcision is an age - old rite celebrating religious covenant .
For others , it ’s a venerated custom that manifests cultural identity .
Families who are n’t influenced by religious or cultural values might choose circumcision for social or aesthetic reasons in an effort to allow junior to look like the other boys at school or like the father .
However , other families and experts argue that the practice is a painful , unnecessary procedure that violates the physical dignity and even legal rights of the child .
The history of circumcision is imprecise , but the practice is thought to have its roots in the Middle East .
Experts suggest a number of potential reasons behind the initial practice of circumcision , including figurative sacrifice , virility ritual , and cultural hygienic custom .
In many tribal societies , circumcision was observed as a cultural rite of passage into manhood .
Although circumcision predates religious directive , it eventually became a sacred practice in the early Jewish faith and for the followers of Islam .
At various times in history , circumcision was also used to designate social status as well as religious identity .
On an odder note , Western societies , particularly in the 19th and early 20th centuries , practiced circumcision to discourage masturbation .
In these same centuries , the issue also became medicalized around tenets of basic hygiene .
In the late 19th and 20th centuries , the rate of newborn circumcision increased as hospital births rose and the public accepted the medical argument for standard circumcision .
For our part , let ’s delve into the medical side .
These days , one of the most commonly cited health reasons for routine circumcision is decreased STD risk .
Numerous studies based in Africa show that circumcision reduces the risk of heterosexual HIV contraction by 50 - 60 % .
In response the assembled research , the World Health Organization / United Nations Joint Programme on HIV / AIDS issued their official recommendation of circumcision as one method to prevent the spread of HIV .
Critics caution that the “ context ” of the African epidemic , which is as high as 25 % of the population in some areas , is so different from the disease rate ( as well as cultural and hygienic practices ) in the West that the protective factor of circumcision is n’t nearly as high in Western countries .
Some experts estimate a 10 % risk reduction in Western societies ( PDF ) .
Other Western - based research demonstrates reduced risk for other sexually transmitted disease like genital herpes and HPV as well as a decrease in bacterial vaginosis risk for female partners of circumcised men .
Research exploring the impact of circumcision on infection reduction in homosexual men has been more limited but so far shows a mixed picture of protective influence .
A review published this month indicates that circumcision appears to reduce risk in primarily “ insertive ” rather than receptive partners .
The physiological logic behind circumcision ’s reduced infection risk involves the bacterial ecology of the inner foreskin itself , which harbors anaerobic bacteria that appears to fuel inflammation and infection .
The inner foreskin is home to the highest concentration of so - called Langerhans ’ cells , which facilitate HIV transmission and replication .
A less dangerous but more common problem for uncircumcised males , particularly boys , is recurrent urinary tract infection .
Circumcision is considered a standard treatment option for those with recurring UTI or serious complications from an initial case of UTI .
Some experts have questioned the usefulness and cost efficiency of routine circumcisions to prevent infections in a relatively small number of boys .
According to a British study , 111 routine circumcisions must be performed to prevent a single UTI .
However , other experts suggest that there ’s more at stake than simple urinary infection risk .
Another study found that 18 % of young boys in the study who had UTI showed signs of kidney scarring .
Follow - up circumcision in these boys substantially reduced subsequent UTI occurrence .
As a research commentator noted ( PDF ) in light of this picture , “ [ I ] f the circumcision had been done in the newborn period would the kidneys have been protected from damage in the first instance ? ”
In response to these infection - related findings , critics of the procedure counter that diligent safe sex and hygienic measures more reliably protect both the man and his partner from infection .
Opponents say that circumcision ( or at least the public message about its lower infection risk ) can give men an inflated sense of protection against life - threatening diseases and discourage use of condoms , testing and other safe sex methods .
Nonetheless , many physicians and public health experts maintain that circumcision is a practical strategy for reducing disease in males and their respective partners .
As for the other physical conditions circumcision is meant to prevent , many experts say that the evidence just does n’t support the need for routine circumcision in every boy .
The nonretractable foreskin in childhood is often a misdiagnosis , since separation of the glans happens over time ( a protective feature ) and may not even be noticeable until puberty .
Common infections can be treated with a plethora of modern medications like antibiotics and steroid creams .
As for penile cancer , the risk is so low ( approximately 9 - 10 per million men ) that circumcision choice should n’t be based on this concern .
Then there are the medical complications .
They can be everywhere from aesthetic - based to functionally impairing .
Infection rates hover close to five percent .
Significant narrowing of the urethra occurs in anywhere from 5 - 10 % of circumcisions and must be addressed with follow up treatment .
Injury to the urethra can occur .
The least common but most dramatic complications include partial to full penile amputation or even the rare death from serious infection .
On a considerably lighter note , critics also suggest that circumcision compromises sexual pleasure .
They argue that the foreskin , as host to a dense network of nerves , is a functional erogenous zone in itself .
Although it ’s likely impossible to reach any definitive conclusions regarding the issue , self - report research on men who are circumcised in adulthood show mixed results .
In one such study , the majority of men did not experience a decrease in libido or pleasure .
Eighty - two percent reported the same ( 44 % ) or enhanced ( 38 % ) penile sensitivity .
A smaller study ( PDF ) , however , recorded patients ’ written comments about the impact of the procedure on their sex life and calculated that nearly half of respondents experienced less penile sensitivity after circumcision .
Now that we ’ve laid out some of the arguments and medical research , we want to hear what you have to say .
What is your thinking on the subject , and what factors have or would influence your choice to circumcise or not circumcise ?
Thanks for reading and contributing .
About the Author
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
It begs the question : Have we seen a better way ?
The obvious answer : No .
More :
As a representative of the House of Representatives I want you to know that we were there that day in support of the public option which would save $ 120 billion , keep the insurance companies honest , and increase competition .
We ’ve come a long way to agreeing to a Republican idea , the exchanges .
Senator Enzi has been a leader in that .
Senator Snowe along with Senator Durbin had legislation to that affect — bipartisan — because the insurance companies opposed the public option .
They could n’t take the competition .
We have in our bill market - oriented , encouragement - to - the - private - sector initiatives .
I think that the insurance industry , left to its own devices , has behaved shamefully .
And we must act for the American people .
We have lived on their playing field all this time .
It ’s time for the insurance companies to exist on the playing field of the American people .
She also sets a couple of Republicans straight :
I think it ’s really important to note , though , and I want the record to show — because two statements were made here that are not factual in relationship to these bills :
My colleague , Leader Boehner , the law of the land is there ’s no public funding for abortion and there is no public funding of abortion in these bills .
And I don ’ t want our listeners or viewers to get the wrong impression from what you said .
Mr. Camp , you said that Medicare cuts in this bill cut benefits for seniors .
They do not .
They do not .
So , I want the record to show , just in those two cases … we may have differences of opinion and approach and evaluation of different things .
But , certain things are facts about our bills that I cannot let the opposite view stand when they are stated .
Thank you , Speaker Pelosi , for speaking not just for the House but for us .
Now , how soon are we going to see a public option pushed through on a majority vote ?
UPDATE ( 2010-02-25 15:17 ) :
Daishan found this clip on YouTube :
http://www.youtube.com/...
UPDATE ( 2010-02-25 15:24 ) :
And from Phoenix Woman :
from Firedoglake .
147637 shares Facebook 1562
Pinterest 146075
Email
We live in tough times .
Those who are not unemployed are under -employed .
Many people agonize between taking a second job and family time .
My goal is to share with you some legitimate work from home jobs that will allow you to earn extra income for your family part time from the comfort of your own home on your schedule .
Many of these examples I have personally used to add extra income to my household when needed .
I am not going to focus on starting an online business or starting a blog in this post ( although , for the diligent there is money to be made in blogging ( FREE Book here ) , Adsense , creating your own products , selling on Ebay , and affiliate sales . )
Instead , I want to introduce to you a few reputable work - from - home companies that will pay you for your work .
All of these will send 1099 ’s for tax purposes .
5 legit opportunities to work from home
1 Swagbucks
I was hesitant to put this one one here since it is n’t a job per se , but it is a legit way to make a few bucks .
Basically this is a free site that offers you a bunch of ways to earn cash , gift cards , or other rewards .
You can earn by answering polls , taking surveys , doing simple tasks ( like giving feedback about a website ) , trading in old video games or books , and even playing games on their site .
I have used them for months and have received multiple payments from them , so I can attest that it is legit .
While you wo n’t get rich doing this , to me it seems like a great way for stay at home moms ( or teens ) to make some money .
Probably wo n’t earn as much as some of the others listed here , but it will also be much easier .
Find out more check out our Swagbucks review or their website here .
2 Demand Studios
They have many different employment opportunities that range from Writers , Editors , Title Editors , Filmmakers , and more .
They are usually hiring for certain positions at certain times so you have to keep your eyes peeled .
I have made several thousand dollars in article writing and title editing .
I even got my wife into doing title editing and earning extra spending money .
As a writer you can make between $ 7.50 - $ 20.00 per 150 - 500 word article .
I usually write about two articles an hour ( that ’s $ 30.00 an hour at $ 15.00 an article ) .
You do not have to be a prolific writer or have a background in writing to get accepted .
Most articles are in a “ How to ” format .
So , if you are the type that enjoys learning something new and then explaining it to someone else then this could be a fun work for you .
Most of their content goes on eHow.com or LiveStrong.com .
Let ’s say you have a trip you want to take in a month .
Just decide how many articles you would have to write a day to reach your goal .
They pay by Paypal every Wednesday and Friday .
There is no payment threshold that you have to meet either .
If you have money in your account , you will get paid .
They currently have thousands of titles to choose from in the system and you can reserve up to ten at a time .
3 Leapforce
They are a vendor for Google .
Once you are accepted in the program you log - in to the Google interface and rate websites .
Google wants their searches to be relevant .
They use human raters to rate whether the content is worthy or spam .
At the time of this writing , they pay $ 11.50 an hour .
4 Textbroker
This is a great place to earn extra income if you want to write on simple projects .
They pay is much less , but the projects are easy to write on .
I once wrote several 150 word articles for someone that was creating an Extreme Sports website .
The work was fun .
I simply wrote a short bio about different professional athletes .
5 Liveops
If you want more human interaction , then you might want to consider LiveOps .
LiveOps is an at home call service that you dial into while in the comfort of your own home .
You will have to make a weekly schedule , but you will never have to commute anywhere .
All calls are inbound from people responding to infomercials and you basically take their ordering information while being logged into the LiveOps system .
They pay is around $ 9.50 but you do earn commission for different products sold .
Wrapping it up
Hopefully , this list will get you started thinking about ways to supplement your income .
This resource is also good for Stay - at - home moms that are looking for ways to earn so money without being on a tight schedule .
There are many more work - from - home companies out there , but these are all ones I have had personal interaction with and can recommend that they are legitimate .
And if you need more ideas , here are 20 more work - from - home companies for you to look into .
- video encodings still in process -
Harun Yahya ( Adnan Oktar ) and Sanhedrin Rabbis on Live TV Program talking about Common Heritage
( Natural News ) Congressional investigation over the unethical relationships between doctors and drug companies has led to a change in policy at Partners HealthCare , a Boston based hospital system affiliated with Harvard Medical School , that prohibits its physicians who sit on the boards of various biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies from receiving company stock and unlimited fees for their presence .
They are now limited to only $ 500 an hour , or $ 5,000 a day , for their services which include things like attending board meetings .
The fact that about 25 vice presidents , clinical department heads , and other top executives in the system will be affected by this new rule illustrates the degree to which the medical system has been influenced by pharmaceutical interests .
Physicians from top medical centers , including academic ones , often join the ranks of drug companies and are paid top dollar to push various drugs and treatments .
They are even paid with company stock .
This blatant conflict of interest is not isolated to Partners , as many different organizations and academic institutions have come under fire by state regulators , Congress , and even hospitals themselves for allowing this practice to occur .
Nationally , there has been a heavy push to stop the drug industry 's control over doctors whether it be through perks , incentives or comfortable board positions .
The new policy at Partners prohibits doctors from touring the nation as paid drug company spokesmen , a practice commonly utilized by drug companies to promote their products .
Partners will not , however , ban its physicians from working for drug companies altogether .
They will still be allowed to sit on their boards and receive compensation - it will merely be " reduced " to $ 500 per hour .
It is virtually impossible for a physician to be both a physician and an executive for a drug company .
For the drug company , he will be responsible for helping it achieve financial success , while for the hospital , he will be responsible for objectively treating patients .
A physician cannot objectively treat a patient while at the same time be paid to use a company 's drugs to treat that patient .
According to Dr. Dennis Auseillo , chief scientific officer at Partners and cochairman of drug - giant Pfizer 's science and technology committee , all drug companies have at least a couple physicians on their boards .
After being named a director of Pfizer in 2006 himself , Auseillo has received over $ 700,000 in company stocks and compensation .
He plans to continue working for Pfizer under the new rules .
Sources for this story include : http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachuset...
Was former New York Federal Reserve Chairman Stephen Friedman in possession of material , non-public information relating to AIG and Goldman Sachs , ( where he served on the board of directors ) , and did he violate SEC rule 10b5 - 1 when he purchased 52,600 shares of Goldman stock on December 17 , 2008 and January 22 , 2009 ?
First we must determine whether the information in question does in fact meet the definition of ' inside information ' as defined by the SEC .
In other words , was it material and non-public ?
Under question was the knowledge that the U.S. government , through AIG would be paying Goldman Sachs 100 cents on the dollar for the settlement of derivative contracts Goldman had purchased from AIG .
In this case , the AIG payout and windfall to Goldman amounted to approximately $ 14 billion , with no strings .
No common , preferreds , or warrants .
Found money .
Goldman had just survived a global financial panic that forced Blankfein to solicit $ 5 billion of extremely expensive outside capital from Warren Buffett in order to remain solvent .
In this context , $ 14 billion from AIG meets any and all definitions of ' material . '
As we have learned from Hugh Son 's phenomenal work at Bloomberg , there was an active effort by the NY Fed and its lawyers to keep the details secret , as they pressured AIG officials from disclosing the par payments in required SEC filings .
“ It appears that the New York Fed deliberately pressured AIG to restrict and delay the disclosure of important information , ” said Issa , a California Republican .
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , then led by Timothy Geithner , told American International Group Inc. to withhold details from the public about the bailed - out insurer ’s payments to banks during the depths of the financial crisis .
It was only after public outcry and intense congressional pressure that the counterparty payoff details were finally made public on March 15 , 2009 .
The next step is to determine if Stephen Friedman was actually in possession of this information when he made his purchases of Goldman stock .
Because of his role on the Goldman board and extensive communication with CEO Lloyd Blankfein ( not to mention a career spent at Goldman building contacts throughout the organization ) , it is not plausible to believe that Friedman did n't have full knowledge of Goldman 's large exposure to AIG .
Similarly , because of his then concurrent role role as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , which was in charge of the AIG counterparty negotiations , Friedman would have been completely aware of the following reported by Hugh Son :
The New York Fed took over negotiations between AIG and the banks in November 2008 as losses on the swaps exploded .
The regulator decided that Goldman Sachs and more than a dozen banks would be fully repaid for $ 62.1 billion of the swaps , prompting lawmakers to call the AIG rescue a “ backdoor bailout ” of financial firms .
The actual facts of his shares purchases are straight - forward :
Stephen Friedman as a member of the board of Goldman Sachs and as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( concurrently ) , purchased 37,300 shares of Goldman Sachs stock on December 17 , 2008 at an average price of $ 81 per share
On January 22 , 2009 , Friedman made a purchase of 15,300 additional shares of Goldman stock at an average price of $ 67 per share .
The two blocks of stock have risen a total of $ 5 million in value .
It deserves mention that Friedman owned approximately 46,000 shares of Goldman Sachs common stock prior to these 2 purchases , and he was acting in violation of Fed policy in 2 different ways when Goldman became a bank holding company in September of 2008 :
From the WSJ
The change created a problem .
The Federal Reserve
Act bars directors representing the public interest from owning bank stocks or being bank directors or officers .
Because Goldman had always been an investment bank , Mr. Friedman 's board membership there and his ownership of about 46,000 Goldman shares , at that time , had n't run afoul of this rule .
Now it did .
Not coincidentally , Friedman then showed his contempt for the situation by BUYING MORE SHARES while his waiver request was pending .
This is perhaps the most egregious aspect of the entire story as Friedman exacerbated his existing conflict of interest while he was in possession of material , non-public information that Goldman would be paid $ 14 billion through AIG .
A final , sordid detail is that he did n't disclose his purchases of Goldman stock to NY Fed lawyers :
The New York Fed 's general counsel , Thomas Baxter Jr. , defended Friedman 's recent stock purchases , which occurred while the Federal Reserve was weighing his waiver request .
Yet , Thomas admits Friedman did n't check with the Fed , and Baxter told the Journal he was not aware of the purchases until the newspaper contacted him last month .
---
To recap :
The information was both material and non-public .
Stephen Friedman was in possession of this information ( and some would say that his NY Fed 's decision to pay counterparties at PAR actually CREATED the information in the first place ) .
Armed with this material , non-public information , Stephen Friedman purchased 52,600 shares of Goldman stock at a time when other market participants were EXPLICITLY not aware that Goldman would receive a $ 14 billion windfall from AIG , precisely because FED lawyers WERE PRESSURING AIG NOT to make such disclosures .
Conflicts of interest are all about the smell test .
And everything about Stephen Friedman 's dealings at the NY Fed just plain stink .
###
Mr. Friedman did n't return a call to his office seeking comment on this story .
We are submitting this story to SEC investigators as well as Reps.
Issa , Towns and House Oversight committee staff .
---
Listen to the final 90 seconds .
Sources :
Revisiting a Fed Waltz With A.I.G .
Fed Advice to A.I.G. Scrutinized
Chairman of N.Y. Fed Quits Amid Questions
Friedman 's resignation letter
Stossel – On The Road To Serfdom Part 5 – This segment of the show focuses on fairness and equality in laws .
The eye - opening part in the video is when it shows how the U.S. Justice department sued schools which allowed students to use the Kindle reading device , because the Kindle discriminates against students who are blind .
The show gives examples of restrictions put on high achievers and special rules for people with disabilities to bring about equal opportunity .
Towards the end , Chandler Tuttle says , “ Freedom is not just some theoretical means to an end ; it ’s an end unto itself .
Freedom is n’t a strategy , it ’s a goal . ”
I ’m glad this was pointed out because in most political discussions , freedom is n’t brought up as something tangible and having real value .
Liberty usually takes a backseat to national security , and often is a secondary issue in less pressing matters because it does n’t have physical properties .
When this concept is brought up , the people defending freedom are usually labeled as amoral , self - serving bastards for valuing freedom over fairness .
Is it fair that some people are blind ?
As long as no other person caused them to go blind , yes , it is fair .
Contrary to popular belief , life is fair .
Life does n’t choose one person over another , and as long as there is n’t someone deciding who is blind or tall or short or blue eyed , life is fair .
The luck of the draw applies equally and without bias .
It takes a conscious decision to be unfair , such as when a government puts restrictions on some and gives advantages to others .
Fairness means an absence of bias .
There are n’t any people free of bias , so any system with people deciding fairness will undoubtedly be unfair .
When people are free to do whatever they want with their lives and do n’t interfere with someone else ’s freedom , what remains are the natural rules of life , and life is fair .
The freedom vs. fairness argument is a false dilemma , because in reality freedom equals fairness .
When you peruse the many sceptic arguments against man-made global warming , you find a tendency to focus on a narrow piece of the puzzle while ignoring the broader picture .
This narrow focus serves as a useful distraction from the scientific realities of global warming .
A recent example is the campaign to sow doubts about the US temperature record .
To achieve this , an army of volunteers traversed the US photographing weather stations .
Pictures were posted on surfacestations.org , showing weather stations positioned near heated buildings , air conditioners and other sources of artificial heat .
Each new photo was greeted with a clucking of tongues and a sense of reaffirmation among sceptics that global warming was largely the product of suspect temperature data .
" How do we know if global warming is a problem if we can't trust the temperature record ? " asked Anthony Watts who runs the sceptic blog Wattsupwiththat .
Never mind that the Greenland ice sheet is losing ice at an accelerating rate .
That Antarctic ice loss is also accelerating , including east Antarctica which until late 2009 was thought too cold and stable to lose ice .
Arctic sea ice is melting , sea levels are rising and glaciers are retreating .
These and many other physical realities of global warming are well documented in the peer - reviewed literature .
However , to some , the accumulated body of empirical data is no match against the persuasive power of a well - framed photograph .
The photos were compiled into a single report by Watts and published by the Heartland Institute , a thinktank that funds climate sceptic activities .
For good measure , infrared photos were included to visually drive the point home .
Using the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's own classifications , Watts divided the weather stations into five categories .
Well - sited stations , positioned well clear of roads , buildings and other heated surfaces , were given a rating one or two .
Poorly sited stations , positioned in proximity to warming influences , were ratedthree , four or five .
Most weather stations fell into the poorly sited categories .
Watts suggested poor siting could contribute a warming of at least 1 - 5C to individual stations .
The report concludes :
We found stations located next to the exhaust fans of air conditioning units , surrounded by asphalt parking lots and roads , on blistering - hot rooftops , and near sidewalks and buildings that absorb and radiate heat ...
The conclusion is inescapable : The US temperature record is unreliable .
And since the US record is thought to be " the best in the world , " it follows that the global database is likely similarly compromised and unreliable .
The crucial question though is how much extra warming do poorly sited weather stations contribute to the temperature record ?
Unfortunately , no amount of photos will answer this question .
The only solution is data analysis , calculating the temperature trends from poor sites compared with good sites .
Curiously , Watt 's report contained no such data analysis .
While page after page of photos may be effective in sowing doubt about the temperature record , they offer no actual answers on the impact of poor siting .
Finally this month , a peer - reviewed analysis of the temperature data was published in the Journal of Geophysical Research .
The paper used Watt 's station ratings to split all US weather stations into two categories : good ( rating one or two ) and bad ( ratings three , four or five ) .
The analysis then compared the raw , unadjusted data from the good and bad sites .
In typical peer - reviewed understatement , the results were described as " counterintuitive " .
They were in fact , a great surprise to many .
Poorly sited weather stations actually show a cooler trend compared to the good sites .
The cause of this cooling bias appears to have been a change in instruments .
In the late 1980s , many sites converted from Cotton Region Shelters ( CRS , otherwise known as Stevenson Screens ) to electronic Maximum / Minimum Temperature Systems ( MMTS ) .
This had two effects .
Firstly , MMTS sensors record lower daily maximums compared to their CRS counterparts .
So the switch from CRS to MMTS sensors caused a cooling bias in certain stations .
Secondly , the MMTS sensors were attached by cable to an indoor readout device .
Limited by cable length , the MMTS weather stations were often located closer to buildings and other artificial sources of heat .
This meant most of the stations with the newer MMTS sensors also happened to fall under poorly sited categories .
The net result is that poor stations show an overall cooler trend compared with good stations .
However , when the change from CRS to MMTS is taken into account in data adjustments , the trend from good sites show close agreement with poor sites .
One might reasonably question whether the goal of surfacestations.org was to lead us into greater scientific truth or merely to sow doubt about the temperature record .
Nevertheless , their efforts to rate each individual weather station enabled scientists to identify a cool bias in poor sites and isolate the cause .
A net cooling bias was perhaps not the result the surfacestations.org volunteers were hoping for , but improving the quality of the surface temperature record is surely a result we should all appreciate .
The victims
' They tell me : " Go home , you are depressed because you are ill " , ' he said .
Gathering evidence
Reducing exposure
Following the French
About the author
Useful links
After long battles , three farmers in France have won legal claims that their cases of cancer and Parkinson 's disease were caused by working with pesticides .
Now they want to help others fight similar casesPaul François says he is lucky to be alive .
In April 2004 , he went to clean out what he thought was the empty tank in his agricultural spraying machine .
When he opened the cap , noxious fumes of some remaining pesticides escaped .
He was not wearing a mask and therefore breathed in a lungful .
Immediately admitted to hospital , he fell into a coma .
Since then his illness continues to affect his kidneys and nervous system and he has again fallen into comas on several occasions .
Today , he is working on his case against Monsanto , the company that produced Lasso , the culprit pesticide that was taken off the market in 2007 .
Paul told his story at the first meeting of a network of ' pesticide victims ' in a small hotel near his farm in Poitiers .
The 40 participants had gathered to work out how they could help each other , and what could be done to protect the health of others .
One of the difficulties in putting together a strong legal case - against either a pesticide company or the French authorities - is finding clear evidence from scientific studies and asking doctors to make the link between exposure to pesticides and a medical condition .
François told the meeting that medical professionals had often turned him away : Agricultural worker , Gilbert Vende in Bourges was luckier - at least from the perspective of finding a more helpful medical professional .
In 2001 , after being drenched with gouache used to protect seeds in autumn , he suffered serious breathing problems .
A year later , he was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease .
His doctor gave him a letter linking his condition to exposure to ' pesticides , insecticides , fungicides et gouache ' .
But even with this document , it took extraordinary diligence to win his case in October 2005 when he became the first person in France to have Parkinson 's recognized as an occupational disease .
He is now embarked on helping others .
Two other agriculturalists in France have won recognition for the link between pesticides and their leukaemia .
Even before Vende won his case , Dominque Marchal , a cereal farmer in the Vosges became the first person in France to win recognition that his leukaemia was work - related .
When he first became ill , his wife suspected that his daily pesticide spraying on their 100,000 hectare farm might be the cause .
But when they talked to the medical authorities about this idea , they were treated with such ' scorn ' that it made Madame Marchal determined to fight .
She employed a lawyer to help her gather the scientific evidence and herself set about gathering invoices and receipts to list which pesticides her husband had been using in previous years .
Then , from their own pesticide stocks and with the help of neighbouring farms , she was able to gather samples of each of the potential cancer - causing substances .
Her lawyer helped her find a laboratory willing to analyse the contents , and when the results came back they showed that 40 per cent contained benzene , a substance not marked on any of the contents labels but that is known to increase the risk of leukaemia .
Since the Marchals ' success , other farmers and agricultural workers with cancers such as myeloma and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma are trying to gain recognition and compensation for their conditions .
A second person in France had his Parkinson 's disease recognised as an occupational disease in October 2009 .
But as well as winning legal cases , the network participants are equally concerned with reducing the risks of exposure to pesticides .
Several people living near farms spoke at the meeting about finding themselves in a cloud of pesticide fumes when they were in their garden or as they walked near their homes .
Two mothers were worried about their children 's exposure .
Special criticism was made of the use of herbicide sprays in nursery school lawns and playgrounds .
Recent European regulation on pesticides has included bans on the sale and use of certain pesticides linked with cancer and other serious health damage .
For example , Lasso was banned in France following European regulatory changes .
The European package also called for bans on pesticide spraying in fields bordering residential areas and playgrounds .
But it is up to the countries themselves to design and apply national action plans .
François Veillerette , president of France 's successful anti-pesticide group ( MDRGF ) told the meeting that his association would help network participants - whether they were affected by exposure to pesticides in professional use or as a bystander - to take their demands to the French government .
The Health and Environment Alliance ( HEAL ) plans to make known the French experience in other European countries as part of its ' Sick of Pesticides ' campaign .
Genon Jensen , HEAL Executive Director said one of the organization 's aims is to help speed up the process of removing the most carcinogenic chemicals from the market , and for a ban on spraying in residential areas , and especially where children play .
But Paul François sees some key responsibilities as lying with the farmers themselves .
In agricultural work , he said , we always know someone who is ill , but it does n't mean to say they want to talk about a link between their illness and the pesticides they use .
More farmers needed to speak up .
Equally important was the use of safer pesticides and to find practical ways of using fewer pesticides without losing profitability .
Diana Smith , from the Health and Environment Alliance , took part in the first meeting of a network for ' victimes de pesticides ' close to a farm near Poitiers , 16 - 17 January 2010 .
Health and Environment Alliance ( HEAL ) , which brings together 60 organizations working to improve health through environmental protection , has launched a ' Sick of Pesticides ' campaign in France and the UK .
It will be extended to other countries this year .
MDRGF - Mouvement pour le droit et le respect des générations futures Pesticide victims website
Summary : Moonlight “ promise ” full of legal holes and Novell ’s Visual Studio surrogate removes GPL code
YESTERDAY we showed that Microsoft's “ promise ” to Moonlight has at least 10 holes in it and an ongoing discussion at LWN finds even more holes which are inferred from the original text of the “ promise ” ( the FSF found the Mono “ promise ” to be unacceptable ) .
For the curious , Microsoft has posted the new “ covenant not to sue ” covering Moonlight 3 and 4 .
It is still quite narrow .
“ Microsoft , on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries , hereby covenants not to sue End Users for infringement under Necessary Claims of Microsoft and its Subsidiaries on account of such End Users ’ use of Moonlight Implementations to the extent originally provided by Novell during the Term and , if applicable , the Extension or Post - Extension Period , but only to the extent such Moonlight Implementations are used as Conforming Runtimes . ”
Microsoft can also discontinue it at any time .
They actually issued a press release just to promote this “ promise ” .
It is apparently more important to Novell than promoting actual products , but then again , the news also had something to do with version 2 coming out [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] .
One person has pointed out that Novell is in the process of removing GPL code as though it is not acceptable .
From Miguel de Icaza ’s blog :
* MonoDevelop code is now LGPLv2 and MIT X11 licensed .
We have removed all of the GPL code , allowing addins to use Apache , MS - PL code as well as allowing proprietary add-ins to be used with MonoDevelop ( like RemObject ’s Oxygene ) .
So Novell has removed what Steve Ballmer called “ cancer ” , which is the same licence that Novell and Microsoft conspired to hack .
Novell ’s Banshee too is licensed under the MIT X11 ( not just the Windows booster known as MonoDevelop ) .
Is Novell still allergic to the GPL ? █
Share in other sites / networks :
These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
Permalink Send this to a friend
EDMONTON — Nikolai Khabibulin ’s blood - alcohol level exceeded the legal limit to the point where the Edmonton Oilers goaltender is also facing charges of extreme DUI .
If he is found guilty , he faces a minimum 30 - day jail stay .
In Arizona , where he was arrested on Feb. 8 , the driving under the influence charge is elevated to extreme when the blood alcohol level exceeds .15 per cent .
It is still considered a misdemeanour , not a felony , and according to the website dui.com / arizona , the court could suspend 20 of the 30 days if the offender agrees to undergo testing and submit to treatment .
The maximum jail sentence is six months .
Khabibulin ’s pre-trial conference is scheduled for March 16 .
According to court documents , the extreme DUI is one of four charges he faces .
The 37 - year - old , arrested near his Paradise Valley home , has been charged with : a ) DUI ; b) DUI with a blood - alcohol level of .08 or more ; c ) exceeding the speed limit by 40 - 70 km / h ; and d ) extreme DUI , the latter of which also stipulates that the offender ’s driver ’s licence be revoked .
In addition , an ignition interlock device is required .
This is not the first time Khabibulin has faced charges for a traffic violation .
In 2006 , according to the Arizona Judicial Branch , he was charged for failing to produce evidence of a financial responsibility requirement in 2006 .
In Arizona , all drivers must carry a minimum amount of liability insurance and they must produce such documents when registering a vehicle , or at the request of an officer at an accident or traffic stop .
There were also two cases registered in 2004 , but both complaints were dismissed by the Scottsdale Municipal Court .
Allan Watt , the Oilers vice - president of communications and broadcast , said on Saturday that the club would not comment until the court process was completed .
The Oilers signed the goaltender to a four - year , $ 15 - million U.S. contract in the off - season , but after playing just 18 games Khabibulin underwent season - ending back surgery .
He is scheduled to report to the club ’s medical staff in Edmonton by Monday , as is defenceman Sheldon Souray , who recently had surgery to repair a broken bone in his right hand .
jireland@thejournal.canwest.com
Gerard Smulevich / Courtesy MAK Center for Art and Architecture
Seeing
Things is a biweekly design column by Brooke Hodge , a design writer and curator based in Los Angeles .
Related Read more Seeing
Things columns
Billboards , like palm trees and freeways , are ubiquitous elements of Los Angeles ’s vast cityscape .
Over the next seven weeks , “ How Many Billboards ?
Art In Stead , ” an ambitious urban exhibition organized by the MAK Center for Art and Architecture , will be displayed on 21 billboards across the city .
When the Museum of Contemporary Art unveiled its controversial 2001 marketing campaign , in the form of billboards plastered with clever plays on museum labels , Kimberli Meyer , the MAK Center ’s director , imagined billboards as a site for art rather than for advertising .
Gerard Smulevich / Courtesy MAK Center for Art and Architecture
Artists could use the billboards like large blank canvases to create work in the context of the city — work that would be seen by an almost unlimited audience .
Three years ago , Meyer revived the project and­ — with the curators Lisa Henry , Nizan Shaked and Gloria Sutton , each of whom has her own approach to contemporary art — commissioned 21 contemporary artists , including Kerry Tribe , Kenneth Anger , Michael Asher , Kori Newkirk , Jennifer Bornstein , Yvonne Rainer and James Welling , to submit proposals .
The first billboards went up last week , and more will pop up across the city .
“ The streets of Los Angeles become the walls of the exhibition , and the city itself becomes a large museum , ” says Meyer , who hopes it will become an annual event .
A series of public programs , bus tours and an overview exhibition and orientation station at the MAK Center , which opens on Feb. 23 , will complement the billboards .
Go to the project ’s web site for an interactive Google map with up - to - date information on billboard locations , and do n’t forget to look up !
VANCOUVER , British Columbia 
No gold is awarded to the nation that takes home the most medals at the Vancouver Games , yet for a few countries , the battle to rack up the most golds , silvers and bronzes can be one of the most competitive sports at the Olympics .
After winning two medals Saturday , the United States is assured of breaking the record for the most medals ever won at a Winter Games , with 36 and one more ensured in men ’s hockey .
But in proclaiming the accomplishment , the American officials made no mention of the fact that many of the athletes who have contributed to the medal haul are those who have gone their own way , sometimes barely linked to United States Olympic team programs .
In speedskating , Shani Davis , winner of a gold and a silver , has such a strained relationship with U.S. Speedskating , the sport ’s national governing body , that he does not allow his biography to be posted on its Web site .
Lindsey Vonn , who won a gold and a bronze in Alpine skiing , was cultivated in the U.S. Ski Team system but now receives intensive independent training .
The snowboarder Shaun White , who won a gold , prepared for the winter season by training privately on a halfpipe that was financed by Red Bull , his sponsor .
WASHINGTON -- Sen .
Orrin Hatch
is urging President
Barack Obama
to invite Boise State University to the White House along with Bowl Championship Series winner Alabama , arguing both undefeated football teams deserve the honor .
The Utah Republican made the request in a letter to Obama Thursday .
Hatch says that because there is no playoff , fans are left to speculate whether more than one team deserves to be called the best in college football .
Last fall , the senator urged Obama to ask the Justice Department to investigate whether the BCS violated antitrust laws .
He has yet to receive a response .
In Thursday 's letter , Hatch says inviting both teams will " send a clear message " that champions should be chosen on the field .
Bill Hancock , the executive director of the BCS , said it was up to Obama on whether to follow Hatch 's suggestion .
" But Boise State 's own coach , and every other coach in the USA Today poll , along with every journalist in the AP poll , agreed with what happened on the field in Pasadena -- that Alabama is the national champion , " he said in an e-mail .
" Really , does n't Congress have more important things to do ? "
The current college bowl system features a championship game between the two top teams in the BCS standings , based on two polls and six computer rankings .
In 2008 , shortly after his election , Obama said he was going to " to throw my weight around a little bit " to nudge college football toward a playoff system .
" In my view , inviting both these great football teams to the White House would be one particularly effective way to do just that , " Hatch wrote .
" Furthermore , should you invite only Alabama , you would add legitimacy and credibility to a system we both believe to be flawed . "
The White House declined to comment on the letter .
Last month , a House subcommittee approved legislation that would ban the promotion of a postseason NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision game as a national championship unless it results from a playoff .
But the bill faces a tough road ahead in Congress .
The letter - box flap snapped shut on his right hand , said English postman Dennis Coleman , and he thereby suffered a cut to his middle finger that was " deep and pouring with blood . "
Worst of all , Coleman said , that was his throwing hand , and the injury left him unable to play darts for nearly four months .
Coleman is apparently an avid competitor on the professional darts circuit in northeastern England , a competition you can probably see on ESPN 7 or 8 except when it is preempted by something more popular , such as anything .
He claimed his finger was cut because the homeowner had installed a non-standard draft - prevention device , which the homeowner denied .
But Coleman got a lawyer , who sent the homeowner a letter saying that Coleman would be seeking financial compensation , not so much for medical bills but for an alleged " loss of ability to obtain prize money from darts competition . "
This was despite the fact that within just a few months of his darting - finger injury , Coleman was back in form , competing for a prize of 750 pounds in an event at a Middlesbrough country club .
According to one paper , Coleman finished " a whisker away from the semi- finals " in that competition , although to be honest , not making it to the semi-finals in a darts competition at a local country club does not really sound all that impressive .
But maybe his finger was still bothering him , or maybe he had post - traumatic stress due to the exceptionally painful delivery .
The homeowner consistently denied having modified his mail slot , but had offered 500 pounds to settle the matter , which Coleman refused .
The man finally agreed to settle last week for 3,000 pounds , saying he was concerned about mounting legal costs .
( That means Coleman collected about $ 5,000 for a cut that required three stitches and allegedly made dart - playing painful for maybe four months . )
He continued to deny liability , saying he thought Coleman had just been in a hurry to finish his route that particular day .
This is not the first finger injury to be suffered on Britain 's treacherous mail routes .
In 2008 , a woman sued ( or at least threatened to sue ) after allegedly losing the tip of her right index finger in a mail slot .
She was not a postal employee , however , just somebody hired to stuff junk mail into people 's mailboxes .
Astonished by the idea that he might owe money to somebody who hurt themselves sticking unwanted junk into his mailbox , the homeowner in that case , Paul O'Brien , called the Royal Mail service to ask if they had been having any trouble with his mail slot .
They said they had not , " and that in any case [ our ] staff are trained to make sure they do n't get hurt while delivering . "
Maybe they need a refresher course .
Link : Daily Mail Online
Last month the unemployment rate climbed above 10 % for the first time in more than a quarter century .
Less noticed is that male workers crossed this same threshold six months earlier .
Since the U.S. became the world 's dominant economic power , no downturn has fallen more disproportionately on one gender .
The unemployment rate for men , 11.4 % , based on seasonally adjusted data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , outpaces the rate for women , 8.8 % .
We now have the largest jobless gender gap since tracking became possible in 1948 ....
Is faith losing its grip on the young ?
That would be one way to read a new report by the respected Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life , which found that more than one - quarter of Americans age 18 to 29 have no religious preference or affiliation , and fewer than one in five attend services regularly .
That makes them easily the least religious generation among Americans alive today , perhaps the least religious ever .
Or does it ?
The Pew study found that , although young adults -- the so - called Millennial generation born after 1981 -- are shunning traditional religious denominations and services in unprecedented numbers , their faith in God and the power of prayer appears nearly as strong as that of young people in earlier generations .
“ If you think of religion primarily as a matter of whether people belong to a particular faith and attend the worship services of that faith . . . then millennials are less religious than other recent generations , ” said Alan Cooperman , associate director of research for the Pew Forum , a Washington - based think tank run by the nonprofit Pew Research Center .
“ But when it comes to measures not of belonging but of believing , they are n’t so clearly less religious . ”
The report , “ Religion Among the Millennials , ” relied on surveys that Pew and other research organizations have done since the 1970s , and compared the Millennial generation to four previous generations , which it labeled and defined as Gen Xers , born from 1965 to 1980 ; Baby Boomers , born from 1946 to 1964 ; the Silent Generation , 1928 to 1945 ; and the Greatest Generation , born before 1928 .
The report shows steady erosion in religious affiliation from generation to generation .
All but 5 % of the oldest group reported an affiliation with some religious tradition , whereas 20 % of Gen Xers and 26 % of today ’s young adults said they had no such ties .
“ Millennials are coming of age less affiliated than any recent U.S. generation , ” Cooperman said .
“ And . . .
I would say there ’s no reason to think that they ’re going to become more affiliated . ”
Although participation in religious activities and belief in God tend to increase with age , affiliation with a religious faith appears to stay largely the same , he said .
The report does show sharp differences in religious belief among generations .
In one 2008 survey , just 53 % of young adults said they were certain that God exists , compared to 71 % of the oldest group .
And although faith does tend to grow with age , recent generations have not reached quite the same levels of belief as their predecessors .
Interestingly , though , there is almost no difference among the generations when it comes to other markers of religious faith .
Roughly three - quarters of Americans believe in an afterlife , for instance , and there is little difference among people of different ages .
Even more people -- 79 % -- believe in miracles , and again , young people are just as likely as their elders to hold that view .
The Pew study shows significant differences in belief and practice among religious denominations .
It tracks a decline in younger members of mainline Protestant denominations , such as Presbyterians , Episcopalians and Methodists , while African American and evangelical Protestant groups have stronger affiliation among the young .
Alexander Astin , a professor emeritus of education at UCLA who has studied the attitudes of college students since 1966 , said the conclusions of the Pew study largely mirror what he has found about the religious views of young people .
“ You have very high rates of skepticism and nonbelief among unaffiliated people , ” Astin said .
But evangelical Christians have very high levels of belief in God and participation in church activities , and their numbers are grow - ing .
So , he said , “ The nonbelievers have increased , but so have the believers .
So the net result of that is probably not a great change in the proportion of people who believe in God . ”
mitchell.landsberg@latimes.com
IT WAS a dramatic declaration : glaciers across much of the Himalayas may be gone by 2035 .
When New Scientist heard this comment from a leading Indian glaciologist , we reported it .
That was in 1999 .
The claim later appeared in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s most recent report – and it turns out that our article is the primary published source .
The glaciologist has never submitted what he says was a speculative comment for peer review – and most of his peers strongly dispute it .
So how could such speculation have become an IPCC “ finding ” which has , moreover , recently been defended …
One of the enduring puzzles of biology is how our large , complex genomes function , let alone fit , inside the cramped compartment of a cell ’s nucleus .
The total DNA in a human cell — roughly two meters in length — is somehow packed into an organelle just a hundredth of a millimeter in diameter .
Even more impressive , the cell is able to locate , access , and transcribe genes within this dense bundle .
Now a study published in Science describes how researchers at Harvard and the University of Massachusetts Memorial Medical Center used a new technique to create a three - dimensional map of the human genome , revealing how DNA pulls off this stunning feat of organization .
Erez Lieberman - Aiden , a Harvard graduate student and co-first author of the paper , says , “ The challenge we face with the genome is that it occupies a nether region where a lot of our technologies do n’t work very well . ”
At the smallest scale , scientists know that human DNA forms a double helix , and that this helix is wound around proteins to form condensed bundles .
On a larger scale , we know that long stretches of bundled DNA are divided into individual chromosomes that are visible under a microscope only occasionally , when they compact into a classic X - like structure during cell division .
The area between these two scales has been difficult to study with existing techniques .
Eric Lander , professor of systems biology and director of the Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT , partnered with Job Dekker , associate professor of biochemistry and molecular pharmacology at UMass Medical School to solve the problem .
Postdoctoral fellow and co-first author Nynke van Berkum of UMass and Lieberman - Aiden led the development of a technique called Hi-C , adapted from technology previously developed in Dekker ’s lab .
It uses formaldehyde to “ freeze ” the position of DNA in the nucleus by gluing together DNA strands that are near one another .
The DNA is then broken into many pieces , which are then sequenced to reveal the identities of DNA sequences close to one another in space .
The process is repeated for millions of cells and the results averaged to create a spatial , three - dimensional model of DNA in cells .
The researchers discovered a feature about the overall organization of DNA that helps explain how individual genes are accessed .
DNA is grouped into two compartments in the nucleus : one , loosely packed , that contains active genes ; another , densely packed , where inactive genes lie .
It ’s been known that DNA unwinds somewhat to make genes accessible , but the new study suggests that DNA actively snakes its way to different parts of the nucleus depending on whether genes are needed or not .
Lieberman - Aiden compares the system to a work space : the genes that are active are like files loosely spread out on a desk ; unneeded genes are like files packed and stored in a file cabinet .
Leonid A. Mirny and Erez Lieberman- Aiden
In addition , the team discovered how DNA manages to compact itself into the nucleus .
Lieberman - Aiden was looking for a physical model that could explain the group ’s data when he found the answer : in a 1988 physics paper predicting that a molecule similar to DNA could form a structure resembling a Peano curve — a fractal design discovered in 1890 by an Italian mathematician that allows a continuous curve to densely fill a space without ever crossing itself ( see the image right ) .
DNA , it turns out , crumples into a hierarchical series of folds that enable it to pack densely without forming knots or tangles .
The researchers call this structure a fractal globule .
And Lieberman - Aiden says it makes perfect sense as a way to manage the information in the genome .
“ If I was trying to build a library , I ’d want the volumes to be compact in one place , I ’d want them to be organized , and I ’d want them to be accessible , ” he explains .
A fractal globule allows the genome to follow these same principles .
Although the current study provides a fundamental insight into genome organization , Dekker says the “ resolution of the current spatial map we ’ve built is not high enough . ”
Right now , the map is at the level of a single megabase , or one million base pairs — the equivalent of breaking the entire genome into 3,000 pieces .
It will require many more iterations of the technique to be able to resolve structure on a smaller level .
Lieberman - Aiden says other scientists “ have realized that this type of approach to studying the three - dimensional structure of the genome is really quite transformative . ”
An improved three - dimensional map of DNA ’s structure could help answer questions about how genes work that are n’t apparent in the genome sequence — for instance , how genes are controlled by other DNA sequences in the genome called regulatory elements .
These stretches of DNA often are not adjacent to their target genes in sequence , but they may turn out to be close together in physical space .
The researchers also plan to study how the DNA map varies among cells from different species and among different cell types .
The mapping technique could even offer new insights , they believe , into differences between cells that are healthy and those that are diseased .
TX GOP Governor race – Medina gaining most ground after second debate
No official telephone surveys have been release showing the polling numbers after the Belo Texas Republican Governor Debate held on Friday night January 30th .
In the interest of reporting what is out there as far as data goes I have spent the last few hours examining online polls , text message polls and facebook data to try and arrive at some ball park figures .
While this is not 100 % scientific the data does coencide with what common sense says about the debate .
Gov Perry did better than expected but did not appeal to conservatives .
Sen .
Hutchison lost a lot of ground and Debra Medina probably won the debate and is taking votes from both Perry and Hutchison .
The latest telephone poll was conducted by Rasmussen on Jan 19 , 2010 days after the first debate .
http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/elections2/election_2010/election_2010_governor_elections/texas/election_2010_texas_governor
Perry 43 %
Hutchison 33 %
Medina 12 %
Undecided 11 %
Medina was at 4 % before and months ago Huchison was over 50 % .
Perry has been attacking Hutchison over her voting for the bailout in Washington and on her pro-choice stand on abortion .
His ads have been effective by viewing the above poll data .
I have taken the BELO debate text message poll and scientifically weighed how each candidate is really doing .
I averaged the 5 and 6 pm numbers since some of the same people probably voted in both polls and the numbers were significantly different .
The 5 - 6 pm polls were done before the debate and the 10 pm poll was taken after the debate .
The numbers from this average 5 - 6 pm text message poll were weighed against the Rassmusen poll so that a “ text message factor ” could be obtained .
This would set each candidates 5 - 6 pm votes to match the Rasmusen poll .
I then took the “ text message factor ” and applied it to the 10 pm poll and then factored in 11 % undecided voters .
The results are below .
5 pm 6 pm AVG 10 pm RESULTS
Hutchison 30 % 24 % 27 % 10 % 16 %
Medina 42 % 52 % 47 % 68 % 23 %
Perry 28 % 24 % 26 % 22 % 49 %
Undecided 11 %
These results show that Medina has gained significantly since the last debate by 11 % .
Hutchison has lost 17 % while Perry has gained 6 % .
Perry is getting really close to the 50 % +1 needed to win .
However Medina is quickly gaining speed on him and once the poll data does come out ( if ever ) the media will place more focus on Medina than they have before .
If Perry does not get the required votes to win outright he will be in a run off election with Debra Medina .
If Huchison supporters stay home on election day Perry will win the election .
http://www.khou.com/home/Results-KHOU-viewers-participate-in-online-chat-mobile-texts-in-GOP-debate-83092187.html
Could Debra Medina be leading Senator Hutchison in the polls by 7 % after the BELO debate Friday January 29th ?
No official telephone surveys have been released showing the polling numbers after the Belo Texas Republican Governor Debate held on Friday , January 29th .
However by comparing the BELO text messaging poll with the Rasmussen poll we arrive and a very interesting situation .
The latest telephone poll was conducted by Rasmussen on Jan 19 , 2010 , days after the first debate .
Perry 43 %
Hutchison 33 %
Medina 12 %
Undecided 11 %
I have taken the BELO debate text message poll and scientifically weighed how each candidate is really doing .
The numbers are averaged for 5 and 6 pm since some of the same people probably voted in both polls and the numbers were significantly different .
The 5 - 6 pm polls were done before the debate and the 10 pm poll was taken after the debate .
The numbers from this average 5 – 6 pm text message poll were weighed against the Rassmusen poll so that a “ text message factor ” could be obtained .
This would set each candidate 's 5 – 6 pm votes to match the Rasmusen poll .
I then took the “ text message factor ” and applied it to the 10 pm poll and then factored in 11 % undecided voters .
The results are below :
5 pm 6 pm AVG 10 pm RESULTS
Hutchison 30 % 24 % 27 % 10 % 16 %
Medina 42 % 52 % 47 % 68 % 23 %
Perry 28 % 24 % 26 % 22 % 49 %
Undecided 11 %
These results show that Medina has gained significantly since the last debate by 11 % .
Hutchison has lost 17 % while Perry has gained 6 % .
Perry is getting really close to the 50 % + 1 needed to win .
However , Medina is quickly gaining speed on him and once the poll data does come out ( if ever ) the media will place more focus on Medina than they have before .
The UK has suffered its coldest night of the winter so far with temperatures plummeting to - 22.3C ( - 8.1 F ) in a village in Sutherland in the Highlands .
Overnight temperatures of - 10C ( 14 F ) were widespread , leaving commuters again battling icy roads and pavements amid " stretched " road salt supplies .
Many schools remain shut , with rail and air travel again hit by delays .
Fresh snow is falling in eastern England .
The weekend could be colder , as another week of Arctic conditions is forecast .
Up to 4,000 homes are without water after a main burst outside the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading .
The hospital was largely unaffected .
Thousands of schools remain shut , with warnings that some exam candidates could have to wait five months to sit GCSE and A - level modules in England , Wales and Northern Ireland if weather prevents them taking them next week .
Exams watchdog Ofqual said in cases where candidates would not have a second chance to sit papers in the summer , applications could be made for " special consideration " .
This involves pupils disadvantaged by circumstances being awarded up to an extra 5 % of the maximum marks .
Milk deliveries have also been disrupted , with tankers struggling to reach dairy farms .
Some farmers have had to dump supplies as few have storage facilities to hold more than a day 's stock .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Easyjet has cancelled about 30 flights at airports including Gatwick , Liverpool , Belfast and Stansted , while Norwich Airport has been closed .
British Airways said passengers should check the status of their flight before leaving for the airport .
Overnight it had asked passengers on some flights arriving at Heathrow 's Terminal 5 to leave without their luggage , with bags being sent on to them later .
Train companies operating revised timetables include East Coast , ScotRail , First Great Western , South West Trains , Southern and Southeastern .
The breakdown of a train travelling from Brussels to London in the Channel Tunnel on Thursday has affected Eurostar services .
Supplies of road grit are close to running out in some areas , and many councils are restricting gritting to major roads .
Thieves using a lorry with heavy lifting - gear have stolen a grit bin with two tonnes of salt intended for streets and footpaths from a road in Newton Mearns outside Glasgow .
The Local Government Association admitted reserves were " stretched " , while the government is helping suppliers prioritise areas most in need .
A three - vehicle smash was causing delays on the M9 , near the Forth Road Bridge exit , and a lane of the anti-clockwise M25 had to be shut , south - west of London , after a crash .
Meanwhile , snow and ice forced the closure of a lane of the M58 near Kirkby in Merseyside and one in each direction on the M48 Severn Bridge .
Poor conditions have also closed the A4051 Bwlch Mountain Road , near Merthyr Tydfil , and the A542 Horsehoe Pass near Llangollen , Denbighshire .
Meanwhile , 27 firms - 12 in the East Midlands and 15 in the North West - are still using alternative fuels after National Grid told them to turn off their gas supply , with demand for energy soaring .
At one stage on Thursday , 95 major firms were affected .
Environment Secretary Hilary
Benn insisted there were " plenty of supplies " of gas , with storage about 70 % full .
He said firms affected were on special contracts - paying less but losing supplies when demand was high - and that there was no need for domestic customers to worry .
Of some 5,000 homes in southern England which were without power throughout Thursday , all but " a few hundred " were reconnected overnight , energy suppliers said .
School closures
Up to 25,000 homes across the UK have been affected by power cuts since Wednesday , mostly because of trees bringing down electricity lines or ice weighing down power cables and triggering safety cut - offs .
Temperatures barely rose above freezing on Thursday , remaining between - 8C and 0C in most parts of the UK .
The UK overnight low was recorded at Altnaharra , Sutherland .
England 's lowest temperature was - 17C ( 1.4F ) in Woodford , Cheshire .
Sennybridge in Powys was the coldest place in Wales at - 14.7 ( 5.5 F ) , while Northern Ireland 's low was - 11.1 ( 12 F ) at Lough Fea , County Tyrone .
The lowest ever recorded temperature in the UK was - 27.2C ( - 17 F ) in Braemar , Aberdeenshire , in 1895 and 1982 , and in Altnaharra in 1995 .
Temperatures are expected to stay around freezing throughout Friday , with the treacherous conditions causing many schools to remain shut .
They include :
Almost 800 - about half of the total - in Wales and about 20 in Northern Ireland
All schools in the Borders , Highland and West Lothian council areas , along with most in Aberdeenshire and Moray
More than 630 in north - western England , at least 310 across Yorkshire and Lincolnshire , 400 in the north - east of England
Around 650 in the South West , nearly 2,000 in southern central England , 350 in Essex , 450 in Kent and 600 in East Anglia
The Department for Children , Schools and Families insists schools should stay open " wherever reasonably practicable " during severe weather .
A spokesman said the focus of government concern was solely on persistent , unauthorised absence .
It was up to head teachers to make " common - sense judgements " about whether to authorise a child 's absence on the basis they could not get to school , he added .
Major disruption has already been caused to the sporting programme over the weekend .
Four matches in football 's Championship have been called off , and only three fixtures survive in Leagues One and Two .
Ten Scottish Cup games have fallen victim to the weather .
Horse racing and rugby union fixtures have also been hit .
FORECAST FROM BBC WEATHER
The enhanced content on this page requires Javascript and Flash Player 9 Map Key Land
Land Cloud
Cloud Lakes , Rivers & Sea Fog Light Heavy Frost Light Heavy Pressure Fronts
Cold Cold
Warm Warm
Occluded Occluded Rain Light Heavy Extreme Snow Light Heavy Temperature tab only Temperature ( °C )
Are you affected by the " big freeze " ?
Send us a picture or a video showing how cold the temperature is where you live .
Are you a sports fan ?
Has the cold weather affected your local club ?
Send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
Phenibut
Phenibut is an anxiolytic drug with nootropic properties , which was developed in the Soviet Union as a non-sedating tranquilizer for astronauts .
It is used medically to relieve anxiety and alcohol withdrawal syndrome , and also often used recreationally because of its mood - improving effect .
Phenibut does not cause sedation and may improve cognitive functions rather than impair it .
However , it may be habit - forming during long - term use .
BUY PHENIBUT
Toys usually have a big part in children .
Surely , you still have memories of your favorite toy as a child .
Before all the gadgets and games , we have our toys , and they are still around .
Playing is important for a child ’s growth and toys are sure will help with that In the midst of all the new technology , children should still play with toys .
It is not just because of its old - fashioned ways , but toys are helpful for the development of a child as it is with playing .
How so ?
1. It Develops Imagination
There are different kinds of toys available .
What is great about them is that it does not really have the right way to play with it .
For example , a ball does not have to be just tossed around or for playing catch .
Blocks do not have to be just for stacking and building .
It can be played in any way and form .
Because of that , a child ’s imagination is enhanced .
It is because of this simple thing that they learn to think outside of the box .
2. It Develops The Brain
And as we mentioned thinking outside of the box , playing with toys also develops their brain and how they think .
There are kinds of toys particularly made for that such as building blocks , assembling of toys , puzzles , and many more .
Children will learn how to solve simple problems and will further develop as time goes on .
Not only that , there are also other toys that will be helpful for languages such as word games .
It may also improve their memory .
3. It Develops Physical
It does not matter if it is just something simple such as changing the accessories of their toys or building something , what matters is that they get to move and also get to exercise their other senses like their sight and touch .
Then , of course , they also have other more physical things such as bicycles and balls for catching .
They get to move a lot with those .
4. It Develops Social Skills
Toys are not just for individual use .
It is usually played with another for it to be more enjoyable .
It is because of this that the child will develop a social skill .
It is not just about them interacting with others .
They will also get to decide how they will play the toy and what to do .
With this , they will learn how to cooperate and also learn how to listen to different ideas .
With that , they also will be able to learn how to get along with others and how to manage their differences that will be helpful for their schooling and also in the future .
It is not only with other children though but also you as a parent .
Playing with them can develop your bond and also get to educate while you are doing it .
You can get to enjoy your time too .
For more topics and articles about this , Buff Jon has a lot to offer and share .
Franken criticized Axelrod for the administration ’s failure to provide clarity or direction on health care .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Franken lays into Ax over health bill
Sen .
Al Franken ripped into White House senior adviser David Axelrod this week during a tense , closed - door session with Senate Democrats .
Five sources who were in the room tell POLITICO that Franken criticized Axelrod for the administration ’s failure to provide clarity or direction on health care and the other big bills it wants Congress to enact .
Advertisement
The sources said Franken was the most outspoken senator in the meeting , which followed President Barack Obama ’s question - and - answer session with Senate Democrats at the Newseum on Wednesday .
But they also said the Minnesotan was n’t the only angry Democrat in the room .
“ There was a lot of frustration in there , ” said a Democratic senator who declined to be identified .
“ People were hot , ” another Democratic senator said .
Democratic senators are frustrated that the White House has n’t done more to win over the public on health care reform and other aspects of its ambitious agenda — and angry that , in the wake of Scott Brown ’s win in the Massachusetts Senate race , the White House has n’t done more to chart a course for getting a health care bill to the president ’s desk .
In his public session with the senators Wednesday , Obama urged them to “ finish the job ” on health care but did not lay out a path for doing so .
That uncertainty appeared to trigger Franken ’s anger , and the sources in the room said he laid out his concerns much more directly than any senator did in the earlier public session .
The private session was set up in a panel format , with Axelrod joined at the front of the room by Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine and Democratic strategist Paul Begala .
A Democratic source said that Franken directed his criticism solely at Axelrod .
“ It was all about leadership and health care and what the plan was going to be , ” the source said .
Franken — a comedian turned liberal talk show host — vowed to keep a relatively low profile when he arrived in the Senate over the summer after a protracted legal battle with former GOP Sen .
Norm Coleman .
But he has developed a reputation among his colleagues as one of the more aggressive personalities on the Hill .
Last November , after Tennessee Republican Sens. Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander authored an op -ed in a local paper defending their opposition to a Franken amendment , Franken confronted both men on the floor — and grew particularly irritated with Corker .
He lashed out at Corker and a staff member in a follow - up meeting about the matter , several people said .
Franken also clashed with South Dakota Sen. John Thune , No. 4 in GOP leadership , last month in a scathing speech during the health care debate , and staffers have reported other run-ins .
The White House , the Democratic National Committee and Franken ’s office all declined to speak on the record about Wednesday ’s session .
Begala did not respond to a request for comment .
Deep in the barren Sonoran Desert in the summer of 2008 , Drew Reeves drove a back - hoe fourteen feet into the earth .
That was as far as he could go before having to hire help and an Excavator — a construction vehicle with a giant mechanical shovel on the end of a huge boom arm ( pictured below ) .
After pulling out huge blocks of concrete and piles of dirt from the hole , the Excavator operator got a little overzealous .
“ He stretched that boom way too far out and down he went , ” said Reeves .
Twenty - seven hours and one toppled piece of heavy machinery later , Reeves was faced with a 6,000 - pound blast door .
“ That little tiny Excavator we had down in there , we had to tie a rope to the door handle and give it a little jerk .
And it opened right up . ”
The Titan II missile silo complex was first carved out with dynamite in the early ’60s and manned by a crew whose job it was to ensure our enemy ’s mutual destruction should we enter nuclear war .
It was later dismantled and sealed up to comply with international treaties .
After sitting buried beneath rubble for two decades , the site was ready to be explored .
Many abandoned nuclear missile sites are now owned by regular citizens trying to find a function for them .
Read on to probe the depths of Reeves ’ silo and hear from ex-crew members who had their fingers on the button when Armageddon was just a command away .
Above : Reeves opens the entrance he built on top of the giant hole created by excavating the site .
1st and 3rd photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
2nd photo : Drew Reeves
Cold , dank caverns are actually not to Reeves ’ liking .
He had previously lived in an Atlas F silo outside Concordia , Kansas , but in spite of seven months ’ work to convert the old control room into a home , the harsh winters eventually chased Reeves south .
“ I loved it there , ” he said , “ but the weather — I did n’t like the humidity .
You do n’t stay down there all day , you want to come outside .
And I hated it outside . ”
So Reeves moved to Arizona which trumps the Midwest in weather .
In spite of the improvement in climate , however , he still has n’t managed to make a home out of this particular silo .
“ I do n’t like being out there all by myself , ” said Reeves .
“ If I had somebody around it would n’t be so bad , but it ’s hard to find a woman that would like to live underground . ”
Photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Reeves ’ new property was one of 18 Titan II missile silos attached to the Davis - Montham Air Force base near Tucson , Arizona .
Equipped with larger warheads than the Atlas missiles and faster deployment than the original design , second - generation Titans stood at alert from the program ’s inception in 1963 to its end in 1987 .
Lt. Yvonne Morris supervised a launch crew in the early ’ 80s ( above ) in what has become the Titan Missile Museum , where she acts as director .
The museum also contains the last surviving Titian II missile .
“ I had been trained enough in potential war scenarios , ” she said , “ to know that if I got an order to launch my missile that my parents ’ farm and nice rural Virginia was a big smoking hole .
It was over .
And life as I know it was over . ”
Photos : Courtesy Titan Missile Museum Archive .
2nd photo by Chuck Penson .
“ There ’s just no going back from this , ” said Morris .
“ If you ’re gonna launch a Titan II , that ’s not the missile that you ’re going to use to demonstrate your conviction to use nuclear weapons .
It ’s not the thing that says , ’ Hey , I told you I would do this and here ’s one to prove it . ’
If you launch a Titan II it ’s guns blazing — we ’re in World War III .
“ I ’d read enough apocalyptic fiction by then , and I did n’t really have much faith in what life was going to look like after that anyway .
So did I want some payback for losing my family , losing life as I know it before I die ?
Yes .
And I ’m not ashamed to say that . ”
Photos : Courtesy SiloMan
America ’s nuclear policy was one of deterrence by credible threat , a position held by the Titan II program during its tenure .
Armageddon was strategy : mutual assured destruction .
To ensure the missiles would fire after being attacked , and thus obliterate a good portion of the human race , missile silos were constructed to withstand bombardment .
The center blast lock , separating the launch control from the missile , is a fortress .
“ The floors in the lock area are 5 feet thick , ” explained Reeves .
“ The ceiling is 5 feet thick and the walls are 5 feet thick . ”
Extra precautions were taken for Titan II missiles which were designed to launch from inside the silo .
1st photo : Courtesy the Titan Missile Museum Archive .
2nd and 3rd photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com .
Constructing nuclear fortresses was not an easy task .
Workers reported that Reeves ’ site required twice as much dynamite as usual because of all the rock .
According to former Power Production Specialist Ken Barthelette , who joined the Air Force in 1960 , the dynamite was just the beginning of a grueling process .
“ We would work 18 - hour shifts , ” Barthelette said of the beginning of his service , via e-mail , “ as there was a deadline assigned to each site .
Some of the sites were up to 50 miles from the base so normally I would eat the foil packs they sent out to the site and slept in my parka on the steel - plated decks of the silo .
I learned to sleep anywhere and at anytime while in the service . ”
Barthelette served eight years at various missile sites , including Bitburg , Germany .
He began his career overseeing site purchases and construction , and eventually took a position on a missile control crew .
In addition to the rugged terrain and isolation , military crews had to contend with mother nature .
“ I do remember one of the favorite pastimes of some of the Air Police was to shoot rattlesnakes and hang their rattles on the guard house , ” Barthelette said .
“ Some of the strings of rattles were over a foot long .
It was very rough country back then .
“ Each site had a Quonset hut on site where building equipment was stored during construction .
One of my duties was to stomp scorpions .
When you entered the building early in the morning there were hundreds of the critters on the floor trying to stay warm on the cool nights .
We would line up and step on what was in front of us always looking behind as well .
I was never stung . ”
1st photo : Courtesy SiloMan. 2nd photo : Drew Reeves .
High standards of construction and maintenance have partially preserved Reeves ’ silo despite efforts to destroy it .
“ I got the lights working and the same bulbs came back on , ” said Reeves .
All of the original computer equipment had been stripped from the control room .
The latrine was intentionally and crudely destroyed and the missile silo itself imploded .
Everything was fair game for destruction , which is why the facility looks like it was looted by thugs .
This was all to show the USSR that the site was actually decommissioned .
There remains enough wiring and conduit to run the site .
Using the original plans , Reeves was able to access the septic system .
However , the well that provides water to the facility had been filled with concrete , which required re-drilling .
Now it pumps 15 gallons a minute , operated by solar power .
Photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
The miles of conduit , piping and air ducts remind Reeves of the missile frigate he served on as an electrician during the Vietnam War.
Substrata has been alluring to Reeves since childhood .
“ We always had underground forts , and I always wanted an underground house because they ’re so unique and easy to heat and cool , ” he said .
Although the space has n’t been renovated , Reeves occasionally spends the night .
He dismisses concerns of claustrophobia , citing the size of the bunker .
Nighttime creeps do n’t affect him .
“ There ’s no bugs , ” he said .
“ There ’s nothing down there to bother you , there ’s no spiders .
Nothing . ”
Paranormal enthusiasts may beg to differ .
Barthelette recalls an eerie incident from his time spent underground .
“ A neighbor called the main base , ” said Barthelette , “ and told them that a light was hovering over the site .
I was instructed to go and investigate .
It was after dark and I was not armed ….
I went topside and saw nothing .
It happened three times .
The lady who called said that each time I appeared topside the light would disappear .
We never found out what that was all about . ”
1st photo : Drew Reeves. 2nd photo : Courtesy SiloMan. 3rd photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Decades after Barthelette was investigating UFOs , Morris ’ military career included its own unique frontier .
She was part of the Air Force ’s early recruitment of women soldiers .
“ To introduce women into [ missile crews ] after so much human engineering had gone into setting up the system for four men , ” explained Morris , “ I think that probably took a lot of scrutiny . ”
Titan II duty was considered to be a combat position and missile crews were an early breach through the military ’s glass ceiling .
Original Atlas and Titan I crews were designed to build a closely knit team , some of which remained together for years of service .
Introducing women into the commands threatened calculated chemistry .
Despite this period of change , Morris never felt alone .
She estimates that at the time of her deployment , women comprised at least a quarter of missile crews .
All 18 teams would assemble at Davis - Montham a for pre-departure briefing .
“ It was hard to find a crew that did n’t have at least one woman on it , ” she said .
Regardless of gender , crews were kept busy during their 24 - hour shifts .
Life at the end of the world is a psychologically draining role .
“ There was a lot of human engineering that went into the design of the missile sites and the structuring of alerts to keep you busy and thinking about other things , ” said Morris .
The threat of Armageddon was less stressful than rigorous military tests .
Many soldiers used their shifts to work on correspondence courses or other studying .
Commanders faced demotion for failing monthly evaluations .
“ The thing that I was consumed more by , as a crew member , was the constant stress of having to be practically perfect , ” said Morris .
1st photo : Courtesy Titan Missile Museum Archive .
2nd and 3rd photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
When the site was functioning , equipment crammed nine floors — the depth of the missile silo — as well as two of the floors in the launch control room .
Each machine required at least one thorough inspection per shift and some received additional attention .
This process , called the daily shift verification , typically took a two - person crew four to five hours to complete .
Communication tests , cleaning and painting helped fill the long hours .
“ I was never bored or frightened except the day I was on duty when President Kennedy was killed , ” said Barthelette .
“ I stood at parade rest for four hours waiting to push the button .
We were on high alert .
We received very little news underground so we had no idea what was happening above .
Otherwise it was exciting , rewarding , and a pleasure to serve . ”
“ The sites were huge , ” said Barthelette , who served 18 months during the ’60s at Beale Air Force Base .
“ The power center was an exciting place with four 1,020 - kw Nordberg diesels to supply power .
We could produce enough power to run the city of Marysville , California .
There were two power men on each crew .
We would work together and replace each other when we had our nap time .
There were bunks set up near the control center for rest .
We had full kitchens for food .
We ate very well . ”
Crews of four would occupy the site for 24 - hour periods .
The military provided accommodations but most homeowners would prefer a less spartan atmosphere .
The top floor of the command center held basic bunk beds , a kitchen and a small reading library .
“ Paperback books : Science - fiction , mysteries and westerns are what I remember most , ” recalls Morris .
Contrary to the myth of isolation on alert , by the ’80s crews had access to the outside world .
“ We had television , to the extent that we had crappy antennas and we were underground , ” said Morris .
“ So we did n’t miss all the big games . ”
The silos were rigged with phone lines and calls could be placed and received .
1st and 3rd photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com .
2nd photo : Courtesy SiloMan .
Ideally , Reeves said , he would convert the three - level control center into a new home .
The 3,900 square feet would accommodate the largest of families , but first the gutted equipment cabinets would have to be removed .
At an estimated 150 lbs a piece , two feet wide by six feet tall , each would have to be dragged through the complex and out the blast door .
Ventilation is facilitated by the entry blast door remaining ajar .
“ It ’s a little bit stuffy for some people .
It does n’t bother me right now but I have another way , ” said Reeves .
His plans involve building an air shaft through the roof of the control center equipped with a solar powered fan to draw air deeper into the complex .
Understandably , Reeves questions whether he will be able to finish remodeling the silo .
Overhauling a massive structure is a daunting task to face alone , particularly when having to commute to the site in your spare time .
If he had the money Reeves would hire help to finish the cleaning and possibly convert the 14 acres of land into an RV park .
“ Put a few pads in , ” he said .
“ Maybe ten .
And rent it out in the winter time for the snowbirds that come down to the desert . ”
An RV park would n’t be the craziest end for a Cold War relic .
Other sites in the Tucson area were sold without disclosure of the underground complexes .
Just north of the city one former silo is crowned by a proud Methodist church ; another now houses a daycare .
Prospective subterranean dwellers are welcome to experiment with their own Titan II silo– Drew Reeves is willing to let his go for $ 495 k .
If you plan to videotape police officers at work in public , just be sure you ’re not in Massachusetts — or you might end up in jail .
A report from the New England Center For Investigative Reporting has chronicled a pattern of what civil liberties advocates say is a misuse of police powers : Massachusetts police are using the state ’s stringent surveillance laws to arrest and charge people who record police activities in public .
ADVERTISEMENT
It ’s a situation that is pitting new technologies against police powers .
With recording equipment now embedded into cellphones and other common technologies , recording police activities has never been easier , and has resulted in numerous cases of police misconduct being brought to light .
And that , rights advocates argue , is precisely what the police are trying to prevent .
In October , 2007 , Boston lawyer Simon Glick witnessed what he said was excessive use of police force during the arrest of a juvenile .
When he pulled out his cellphone to record the incident , he was arrested and charged with “ illegal electronic surveillance . ”
In December , 2008 , Jon Surmacz , a webmaster at Boston University , was attending a party that was broken up by police .
Thinking that the police were being unnecessarily rough in the encounter , he pulled out his cellphone and started recording .
He , too , was arrested and charged with illegal surveillance .
In September , 2002 , citizen journalist Jeffrey Manzelli was arrested and charged with illegal surveillance after recording police officers cracking down on protesters at an anti-war rally .
Massachusetts is one of 12 US states that require “ two - party ” consent for surveillance .
( The others include California , Florida , Illinois , Michigan and Pennsylvania . )
While two - party consent laws were originally designed to stop private detectives and others from invading people ’s privacy , in Massachusetts the law ’s application has now broadened to include what civil libertarians say is an attempt by police to stop public oversight of their activities .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The statute has been misconstrued by Boston police , ’’ June Jensen , the lawyer who recently succeeded in having the charges against Glick thrown out , told investigative reporter Daniel Rowinski .
“ You could go to the Boston Common and snap pictures and record if you want ; you can do that . ’’
But that ’s not necessarily how Massachusetts ’ highest court sees it .
As Alexandra Andrews reports at ProPublica , in 2001 the state ’s Supreme Court upheld a conviction of a man who was arrested in 1998 for recording an encounter with police .
“ Since then , such arrests have continued to occur , ” she reports .
Read the complete report from the New England Center for Investigative Reporting here .
ADVERTISEMENT
TERROR LAWS AND TOURIST PHOTOS
Civil libertarians have been arguing for years that the beefed - up anti-terrorism laws that have come in to force in much of the Western world in recent years also present an opportunity for abuse of police power .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this year , a new anti-terror statute in Britain — known as Section 76 — allowed police to arrest anyone found “ eliciting , publishing or communicating information ” about soldiers , intelligence agents or police officers that is “ likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism . ”
Since that definition is so broad , it has allowed police to arrest virtually anyone who takes a photograph of a police officer .
Since the law was enacted last year , it has been used to delete tourists ’ photos of London , and to arrest and fine visitors who take pictures of landmarks .
Shelby releases holds on Obama nominees
Updated 8:35 p.m.
By Shailagh Murray
Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) has released his controversial " holds " on more than 70 pending presidential nominations , his office said Monday night .
Senators , usually from the minority party , often use the legislative tactic on one or a few presidential nominees , usually to protest parochial concerns .
Shelby 's maneuver , aimed at nearly all appointments awaiting confirmation on the Senate floor , agitated Democrats because it would effectively limit confirmation votes to a handful per month .
It also marked a low point in a partisan standoff in the Senate that has forced Democrats to find 60 votes to pass almost everything .
Senate Democratic aides confirmed that Shelby had released most holds , but Shelby said he would continue to block other , unnamed nominees .
His office issued a lengthy statement Monday night to explain his move :
" The purpose of placing numerous holds was to get the White House 's attention on two issues that are critical to our national security - the Air Force 's aerial refueling tanker acquisition and the FBI 's Terrorist Device Analytical Center ( TEDAC ) .
With that accomplished , Sen .
Shelby has decided to release his holds on all but a few nominees directly related to the Air Force tanker acquisition until the new Request for Proposal is issued .
The Air Force tanker acquisition is not an ' earmark ' as has been reported ; it is a competition to replace the Air Force 's aging aerial refueling tanker fleet .
Sen .
Shelby is not seeking to determine the outcome of the competition ; he is seeking to ensure an open , fair and transparent competition that delivers the best equipment to our men and women in uniform .
Sen .
Shelby is fully justified in his concern given the history and current status of this acquisition , " the senator 's office said .
The White House said that it agreed to none of Shelby 's demands , and that the senator released the holds on his own accord .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 April 18
IC 2948 : The Running Chicken Nebula
Credit & Copyright : Steve Crouch
Explanation : Bright nebulae abound in and around the expansive southern constellation of Centaurus .
This one , cataloged as IC 2948 / 2944 is near the star Lambda Centauri ( just off the top of the frame ) and not far on the sky from the better known Eta Carinae Nebula .
Embedded in the reddish glowing cloud of hydrogen gas , typical of emission nebulae found in massive star - forming regions , is the energetic young star cluster Collinder 249 .
Seen in silhouette near the top of the view are small , dark clouds of obscuring cosmic dust .
Called Thackeray 's Globules for their discoverer , they are potential sites for the formation of new stars , but are likely being eroded by the intense radiation from the nearby young stars .
Of course , gazing at the center of the region suggests to some IC 2948 's popular name - The Running Chicken Nebula .
The gorgeous skyscape spans about 70 light - years at the nebula 's estimated 6,000 light - year distance .
DO PATENTS help or hinder innovation ?
Instinctively , they would seem a blessing , especially for backroom tinkerers .
Patenting an idea gives its inventor a 20 - year monopoly to exploit the fruit of his labour in the marketplace , in exchange for publishing a full account of how the new product , process or material works for all and sundry to see .
For the inventor , that may be a reasonable trade - off .
For society , however , the loss of competition through the granting sole rights to an individual or organisation is justified only if it stimulates the economy and delivers goods that change people 's lives for the better .
Invention , though , is not innovation .
It may take a couple of enthusiasts working evenings and weekends for a year or two — not to mention tens of thousands of dollars of their savings — to get a pet idea to the patenting stage .
But that is just the beginning .
Innovations based on patented inventions or discoveries can take teams of researchers , engineers and marketing experts a decade or more , and tens of millions of dollars , to transfer to the marketplace .
And for every bright idea that goes on to become a commercial winner , literally thousands fall by the wayside .
Getty Images
Most economists would argue that , without a patent system , even fewer inventions would lead to successful innovations , and those that did would be kept secret for far longer in order to maximise returns .
But what if patents actually discourage the combining and recombining of inventions to yield new products and processes — as has happened in biotechnology , genetics and other disciplines ?
Or what about those ludicrous business - process patents , like Amazon.com 's “ one - click ” patent or the “ name - your - price ” auction patent assigned to Priceline.com ?
Instead of stimulating innovation , such patents seem more about extracting “ rents ” from innocent bystanders going about their business .
One thing has become clear since business - process patents took off in America during the 1990s : the quality of patents has deteriorated markedly .
And with sloppier patenting standards , litigation has increased .
The result is higher transaction costs all round .
It is not simply a failure of the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) to scrutinise applications more rigorously .
The Federal Circuit ( America 's centralised court of appeal , established in 1982 to hear , among numerous other things , patent disputes ) has been responsible for a number of bizarre rulings .
Because of its diverse responsibilities , the Federal Circuit — unlike its counterparts in Europe and Japan — has never really acquired adequate expertise in patent jurisprudence .
To be eligible for a patent , an invention must not just be novel , but also useful and non-obvious .
Anything that relies on natural phenomena , abstract ideas or the laws of nature does not qualify .
The USPTO has taken to requiring a working prototype of anything that purportedly breaches the laws of physics .
So , no more perpetual - motion machines , please .
If truth be told , few inventions are really worth patenting .
Time and again , surveys show that in both America and Europe companies rate superior sales and service , lead time and secrecy as far more important than patents when it comes to profiting from innovation .
And , although applying for patents is relatively cheap , the cost of maintaining them can be horrendous .
If the idea behind a patent has any commercial merit , it will attract imitators — and the inventor must be prepared to defend it in the courts .
In a majority of cases , the cost of litigation will far exceed any revenue the inventor may subsequently earn from royalties or licensing .
By and large , the inventions and discoveries worth patenting are those in the pharmaceutical and biotech fields , where the pay - off for blockbuster drugs can amount to billions of dollars a year .
Also , because the vast majority of inventions in such areas depend on unique molecular architectures , patents for new products are easier to defend in the courts .
A me - too drug that is believed to violate a firm 's patent is either based on the same molecule or not .
Another field where patenting is pursued aggressively is semiconductors .
But it is done there not so much to make money , nor even to bar others from using the acquired know - how .
Its main purpose is for negotiating cross-licensing deals with competitors .
Of necessity , inventions in chipmaking rely on lots of existing technology , which is itself covered by hundreds of patents held by numerous other firms .
Without a large portfolio of patents to trade beforehand , semiconductor firms developing incrementally improved products ( next - generation microprocessors and memory chips , for instance ) would run into litigation and injunctions at every turn .
Pursuing patents aggressively for cross-licensing agreements has little to do with encouraging innovation , though .
Indeed , by increasing transaction costs , such deals are in effect a tax on innovation .
By the same token , how much of a contribution have the 12,000 or so business processes patented annually in America ( but few places elsewhere ) made to innovation ?
Precious little , by all accounts .
It is hard enough to find evidence ( outside the pharmaceutical and biotech industries ) showing that the patent system generally spurs innovation .
It is harder still to find justification for business - process patents .
What is clear is that the “ non-obviousness ” part of the test for patentability has not been applied anywhere near rigorously enough to internet and business - process patents .
Because they lack a history of “ prior art ” to refer to , examiners and judges have granted a lot of shoddy patents for software and business processes .
Mercifully , that is beginning to change .
America 's Supreme Court is about to issue a ruling which , by all accounts , will make it difficult , if not impossible , to get a patent for a business process .
And because most business processes are , at bottom , computer algorithms , the Supreme Court 's judgment could also bar all sorts of software patents in the process .
As a result , a lot of patents for online shopping , medical - diagnostic tests and procedures for executing trades on Wall Street could be invalidated .
The roots of the dispute go back more than a decade to two inventors , Bernard Bilski and Rand Warsaw , who sought to patent a method of hedging weather - related risks in energy prices .
The USPTO concluded that the process was too abstract and denied the application .
On appeal , the Federal Circuit actually upheld the patent office 's decision — and said , crucially , that the process would be eligible for a patent only if it was “ tied to a particular machine or apparatus ” or if it “ transformed a particular article into a different state or thing ” .
Failing on both counts , the inventors took their case to the Supreme Court , which has been pondering for the past few months whether the “ machine - or - transformation ” test is an appropriate standard .
It is hard to conclude it is not .
An end to frivolous patents for business processes will be a blessing to online commerce .
Meanwhile , the loss of patent protection for software could make programmers realise at last that they have more in common with authors , artists , publishers and musicians than they ever had with molecular architects and chip designers .
In short , they produce expressions of ideas that are eminently copyrightable .
That could be good news for innovation .
After all , who in his right mind would seek a lousy old patent offering a mere 20 years of protection when copyright can provide monopoly rights for up to 70 years after the author 's death ?
That one fact alone could spur more innovation than all the tinkering attempted so far .
El ministro Sergio Valls considera improcedentes los recursos interpuestos por los gobiernos de Morelos , Guanajuato y Tlaxcala contra los matrimonios entre personas del mismo sexo y su derecho a la adopci�n
VICTORIA GAY .
El ministro Valls ni siquiera estudi� el contenido de las demandas porque estim� que eran notoriamente improcedentes .
( Foto : Archivo )
Ciudad de M�xico | Viernes 19 de febrero de 2010
Redacci�n | El Universal
13:50
by
Flash 10.1 running on Motorola Droid , HTC HD2 and Nexus One
Once Flash Player 10 is released , almost all Android devices would be provided an update that would make the phones a lot web friendly than they are right now .
This demo video shows embedded YouTube videos and a Flash - based web game on a Motorola Droid .
Motorola DROID running Flash 10.1 demo
via @mobileburn
Motorola revealed that Adobe has been working with the Droid by Motorola , during the process of development of Flash Player 10.1 , which is expected to be released by the first half of 2010 .
Adrian Ludwig from the Flash Player Team on Adobe demos various Flash video and game sites on two HTC devices the HTC HD2 and Nexus One .
( via @TV - Adobe )
More videos on Adobe Devnet “ Flash Player 10.1 prerelease software demos and interviews ”
The origin of the term “ Empty Quarter ” is almost as mysterious as the place itself .
The name is a direct translation from the Arabic Rub ’ al - Khali , but where that expression comes from is not clear .
Some say it ’s from a book by the Arabian seafarer Ibn Majid .
Others say that the name came from early European explorers who probed the area over many centuries , or because its sands cover a quarter of the Arabian Peninsula .
This vast sea of sand , covering more than 650,000 square kilometers ( 250,000 sq mi ) , is bigger than France , Belgium and Holland combined .
It ’s also the hottest place on Earth , with summer temperatures over 61 degrees Celsius ( 142° F ) in the shade , and aside from the polar ice caps , one of the most forbidding environments on the planet .
In the late 1990 ’s , I had begun a project to photograph all of the world ’s deserts from the air .
To accomplish this , I had learned how to fly a motorized paraglider , which allowed me to access remote landscapes , many of which had never been seen or photographed .
My project had already led me to the Sahara in Africa , the Gobi in China , and the Atacama in Chile .
But after five years , I was finally ready for what Wilfred Thesiger had simply called “ the sands . ”
Space shuttle Endeavour wrapped its two - week STS - 130 mission to the International Space Station last night , touching down at Kennedy Space Center at 03:20 GMT .
Shuttle Launch Integration Manager Mike Moses praised the crew's " outstanding job " of mating the Tranquility node and seven - windowed cupola to the ISS , enthusing : " It was an outstanding mission - I can't be happier with the success we had and look forward to repeating that on our next mission . "
Astronauts Bob Behnken and British - born Nicholas Patrick conducted three spacewalks during the mission , racking up a total of 18 hours , 14 minutes outside the orbiting outpost
Ther next shuttle trip to the ISS is Discovery 's STS - 131 , slated to lift off on 5 April carrying " a multi- purpose logistics module filled with science racks " .
The shuttle era draws to a close with Atlantis 's STS - 132 mission on 14 May , Endeavour 's STS - 134 on 29 July and Discovery 's STS - 133 , scheduled for launch on 16 September . ®
( Here 's video of Shelby being called out about his lack of ethics during the Auto rescue Plan by Carl Levin with Chris Wallace . )
Sen . Richard Shelby does his part to block all things Obama :
Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) has put an extraordinary " blanket hold " on at least 70 nominations President Obama has sent to the Senate , according to multiple reports this evening .
The hold means no nominations can move forward unless Senate Democrats can secure a 60 - member cloture vote to break it , or until Shelby lifts the hold .
" While holds are frequent , " CongressDaily 's Dan Friedman and Megan Scully report ( sub. req . ) , " Senate aides said a blanket hold represents a far more aggressive use of the power than is normal . "
The magazine reported aides to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid were the source of the news about Shelby 's blanket hold .
Ms. McConnell did n't even know what Shelby was doing , but much of this is based on blocking business for Boeing .
It 's all about giving the business to a foreign corporation .
He just loves Airbus :
The key issue is that Shelby wants the Air Force to tweak an RFP for refueling tankers so that Airbus ( partnered with Northrup Grumman ) would win the bid again over Boeing .
The contract had been awarded in 2008 , but the GAO found that the Air Force had erred in calculating the award .
After the Air Force wrote a new RFP in preparation to rebid the contract , Airbus calculated that it would not win the new bid , and started complaining .
Now , Airbus is threatening to withdraw from the competition unless the specs in the RFP are revised .
If you remember , back in 2002 , Shelby was the one who allegedly leaked NSA intercepts to Carl Cameron of FOX News and the media and then refused to take a lie detector test about it right after 9/11 .
" A sharp disagreement ensued between the FBI and senior Justice Department officials overseeing the case , according to federal law enforcement officials .
The FBI was convinced not only that Shelby leaked the information regarding the intercepts , but also that the senator might have misled the FBI when he was interviewed about his actions , according to sources .
They advocated that Shelby be prosecuted . "
Read the whole article .
Pat Roberts helps ruin the investigation .
He got off because Pat Roberts screwed up the investigation like he usually does .
And he 's the one on TV the most trying to force the auto industry to go belly up .
And we can't forget that he acted like Herbert Hoover during the Auto crisis by using a " filibuster . "
CREDO has a petition going that says :
It 's time for Democratic leadership to stand up to Republicans , starting with Sen.
Shelby .
Senate Majority Leader Reid should refuse to honor Shelby 's " blanket hold " on more than 70 nominees .
If Republicans want to block every single Obama appointee , they must filibuster them one - by - one and deal with the very public consequences of their obstructionism .
Sen .
Shelby should be ashamed -- but he is not .
Sign up if you can .
2009 was a difficult year for the Russian economy
The Russian economy shrank 7.9 % in 2009 compared with 2008 , the Federal Statistics Service has announced .
This was less bad than the government 's 8.5 % forecast , but it was still the biggest annual fall in 15 years .
The oil exports that previously underpinned Russia 's growth have been hit by a sharp drop in energy prices .
The preliminary official statistics show that the decline also sharply affected construction , manufacturing , restaurants and hotels .
However , 2010 may see a return to growth .
Manufacturing data indicated a month of expansion in January , with the country 's purchasing managers ' index rising to 50.8 from the previous month 's reading of 48.8 .
Kingsmill Bond , strategist at Troika Bank , said he expected to see the Russian economy expand in 2010 , since indicators such as retail sales had been growing since last summer .
The Federal Statistics Service did not give a quarterly breakdown of the latest GDP figure .
The Big Fat Lies about Britain 's obesity epidemic
Muffin tops :
But eating less and exercising more may have no impact on people putting on weight
We are all getting fatter .
We know this because the Government tells us all the time , in every report , health warning and advertising campaign it issues .
For the past 30 years we 've been told to eat less and exercise more , to cut back on calories and on saturated fat and , on the whole , we 're doing it .
Our calorific intake between the years 1974 and 2004 decreased by 20 per cent .
We are eating about 20 per cent more fruit and vegetables than in the Seventies .
We are doing approximately 25 per cent more exercise than we were in 1997 .
But are our waist lines shrinking ?
No .
In fact , a quick glance around most High Streets would suggest the opposite is happening - with even young girls displaying ' muffin tops ' .
This ' spare tyre ' of abdominal fat is an accurate indicator of future health problems , such as Type 2 diabetes .
So what is really behind this obesity epidemic ?
I 'll tell you .
We 're following Government advice on how and what to eat , but that advice is so wrong it is actually making us fatter .
The endless message of ' eat less , do more ' has never been proven using proper clinical trials .
And we 've only started to get really fat since governments started promoting the current low - fat health messages , back in the early Nineties .
I 'm a lawyer by training and I became convinced that the rise in obesity must be partly due to bad guidance .
So I set out to look at the research studies on which government advice is based .
What I found has shocked me .
The Government 's Food Standards Agency ( FSA ) , among others , is pumping out a template of a balanced diet that is based on flawed science that I believe is responsible for thousands of people developing health problems .
The co-defendant in the dock with the Government is starch .
Although exercise is a good tool for weight maintenance and general health , Hannah Sutter says there is little evidence it will help you lose weight
While we 've all been brainwashed into thinking that fat is the killer we must avoid and food manufacturers bring out more and more profitable ' low - fat ' versions of foods , starch - in the shape of pasta , bread , cereals , potatoes and rice - has been quietly adding on the pounds , while we are being told that it 's good for us .
The problem , I believe , is threefold .
First , we are being given dietary advice that is completely out of keeping with our current lifestyles .
In a world where we sit at computers instead of toiling in the fields , we simply do n't need the sort of high - energy , starchy foods we are told to eat , and certainly not in the proportions we are advised .
The central issue is that starch is converted to glucose very quickly , which then triggers the release of the hormone insulin .
Insulin triggers the storage of excess glucose into fat , which is stored mainly around our middles .
If you constantly produce too much insulin , your body goes into a permanent fat - storage mode .
This means people who are overweight get into a cycle of weight gain .
The starchy foods that we are encouraged to eat at almost every meal - such as rice , bread or pasta - also contain very few of the essential nutrients we need for a healthy , balanced diet .
Because they 're nutrient poor , manufacturers have to enrich them with added vitamins and minerals .
High - energy :
But starchy foods including pasta , bread and rice may not be necessary for our office - based lives
The second problem is that the Government vendetta against fats , because of their apparent link to heart disease , is based on highly debatable studies .
And third , although exercise is undoubtedly good for us all , there is growing evidence that shows sweating away in the gym wo n't actually make you any slimmer .
And to add insult to injury , it 's hard to get any research money to counter these arguments , because most research is funded by the very food conglomerates that stand to benefit most from these lies .
So , the first big fat lie we are fed is that we should eat less .
The FSA itself says we should not eat as much , and eat fewer calories .
But while calorie - counting tells us how much energy there is in food , it does n't distinguish between the effect those foods will have on our insulin response - which dictates how much fat we store in the body .
The FSA tells us that we should base our meals on starchy foods , and this message is repeated by the NHS and British Diabetic Association .
Weighing things up : Hannah Sutter is calling for a wholesale review of the way we eat that avoids the vested interests of food manufacturers
The FSA says : ' Starchy foods such as bread , cereals , rice , pasta and potatoes , are a really important part of a healthy diet .
Starchy foods should make up about a third of the food we eat .
' They are a good source of energy and the main source of a range of nutrients in our diet .
' Most of us should eat more starchy foods - try to include at least one starchy food with each of your main meals .
' Some people think starchy foods are fattening , but gram for gram they contain less than half the calories of fat . '
But does starch or starchy food give us a significant amount of those important nutrients , which are defined as essential ?
No , it does not .
Starch does not contain any significant amounts of amino - acids or fatty - acids , which are an important part of a healthy diet .
And most starches , in their natural state , are low in vitamins and minerals .
So the food manufacturer ( not nature ) adds vitamins and minerals to the food concerned .
In fact , what the Government is actually doing with ' fortification ' - that 's adding vitamins - is giving the general population vitamin and mineral tablets in a different form .
The Government also states that starch is ' a good source of energy ' .
Starch is not just a good source , it 's a very efficient source of energy .
Unlike protein , which turns to energy slowly and requires energy to break it down , starch turns to energy quickly and efficiently .
This is fantastic if you intend to run a marathon , but how many of us are doing that ?
By the Government 's own logic , the obesity problem is to do with an imbalance between the amount of energy that we consume and the amount of energy we expend .
It is quite illogical to want to encourage a nation that is already getting fatter due to excess energy intake to eat more starch .
Remember , the Government confirms its belief in calorie - counting : ' Some people think starchy foods are fattening , but gram for gram they contain less than half the calories of fat . '
But recent studies have shown that there are serious issues with the measurement of calories as a means of weight loss .
In fact , a higher - calorie diet that is low in starch has been shown to improve weight loss , mainly because of the impact of insulin on fat storage .
Most experts agree it's the hormone insulin which makes the body store fat .
Over time , people can start to overproduce insulin , which can lead to insulin resistance and eventually Type 2 diabetes .
The foods that trigger insulin are primarily starch and sugar .
People who over - produce insulin are more than likely to gain fat , particularly around the tummy - hence the rise of the ' muffin top ' in the past ten years .
Surely it must follow that overeating starch is , in part , causing the obesity crisis ?
Another big fat lie we are fed is that we should eat less fat .
Low - fat yoghurts , skimmed milk and cheese , virtually fat - free desserts - the supermarket shelves are full of these ' healthy ' low - fat alternatives ( although many are actually high in sugar ) as we all absorb the Government 's message to cut back on saturated fat .
The simple message is : saturated fats are high in calories and are making us fat .
Saturated fats cause heart disease .
And most people believe that the fear of saturated fat is based on robust science - why else would the Government be putting out this advice ?
Let 's look at the scientific evidence .
When studies have been done with high saturated fat levels combined with low levels of starch and sugar , the subjects not only lost weight faster than the low - calorie , low - fat option but - perhaps more interestingly - the cholesterol profile of the subjects on the high - fat diet was better .
Which leads us to question the link between saturated fats and heart disease .
Since the Fifties , there has been an unrelenting wave of studies trying to prove this connection .
By the Eighties , we had a consensus of opinion that the connection between saturated fats and heart disease was sufficiently compelling to start issuing dietary guidelines .
At this stage , there had not been any major clinical trials clearly pointing the finger at saturated fat .
However , in 1984 , the Lipid Research Clinics Study was published .
This was a study looking at cholesterol - lowering drugs and the incidence of heart attacks .
While it showed some benefits from cholesterol - lowering drugs , the assumption made by the researchers was that if you eat a diet low in cholesterol , that would have the same effect as taking cholesterol - lowering drugs .
This conclusion prompted various agencies in the U.S. to start a campaign to lower the amount of saturated fats in our diet .
At no time did this study look at the effect of saturated fats on heart attacks or heart disease .
So , on the basis of a study looking at drugs lowering cholesterol , we ended up with a message to eat less saturated fat .
This plea for sanity over the advice on fats is not a lone cry .
Several very influential experts such as Dr Laura Corr , consultant cardiologist at Guys and St Thomas ' Hospital in London , and Dr Michael Oliver , from the National Heart and Lung Institute , have asked those in power to stop propagating an unproven message .
Where does the FSA find such certainty among the pile of published science which is not conclusive in its findings ?
In fact , there are some statistics showing quite the contrary , especially when mixed with a low - starch and low - sugar diet .
One report looked at 27 individual studies into the link between fats and heart disease and no link could be found .
The largest study on lifestyle factors and heart disease was published in The Lancet medical journal in 2004 and it did not list saturated fat as a factor .
We really need more clinical studies looking at saturated fat in our diet with and without the effect of starch and sugar .
But , unfortunately , the world of health is now so obsessed with the fear of saturated fats it wo n't even let us carry out trials .
Back in 2004 , I asked a well - known research body in the UK to carry out a clinical trial into saturated fats combined with a high and a low - starch diet .
But I was turned away with the explanation they would not get ethical approval and they claimed no one wanted to know more about saturated fats anyway .
And the other lie we are fed : exercise more .
There is no doubt that exercise is an excellent tool for weight maintenance and is fantastic for our general health .
But what is really misleading is the idea that exercise will significantly help you to lose weight .
I attended the European Obesity Conference in 2006 , at which Sir Neville Rigby , the former director of policy on the International Obesity Taskforce , referred to several major European studies showing categorically that exercise had no significant impact on the weight of the participants .
Since the conference , one of the studies that has added fuel to the doubters ' fire is the Early Bird Study in Plymouth .
This lost its Government financial backing because it showed that exercise made no difference to the weight or weight loss of children .
In a significant study carried out by the World Health Organisation into the obesity problem in the U.S. , it was concluded that exercise is not a factor of any influence .
The UK Government has suggested that to stop further weight - gain and help reduce weight , people need to do about 60 to 90 minutes of light exercise a day .
The average person with children and a job will , realistically , struggle to fit in this amount of exercise every day or even every week .
A little bit here and there is not enough to make any real difference to weight loss , especially if you are on a starch - rich diet .
So the Government 's advice to eat a starch - rich , low - fat diet and to exercise more is based on inconclusive science , while the evidence we see all around us is that we are getting fatter following this advice .
It 's time for a wholesale review of the way in which we eat , and one that does n't rely on the vested interests of cereal and food manufacturers to provide the funding for proper clinical trials .
• Adapted from Big Fat Lies : Is Your Government Making You Fat ? by Hannah Sutter , published by Infinite Ideas tomorrow at £ 14.99 .
Copywright Hannah Sutter 2010 .
To order a copy at £ 13.50 ( p&p free ) , call 0845 155 0720 .
Racked is no longer publishing .
Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years .
The archives will remain available here ; for new stories , head over to Vox.com , where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox .
You can also see what we ’re up to by signing up here .
Right this very minute , Snoop Dogg is launching the Adidas x Star Wars collaboration at the Adidas Originals store in Soho .
Fans have been waiting all morning ; Twitterer JustRy counted some twenty people about two hours ago , and we hear the line just kept growing .
Everything you need to know about this brilliant stunt can probably be expressed by the photo above , in which Snoop , commanding an army of Storm Troopers , presents an orange sneaker with the help of R2D2 .
But if you want some live action footage , we 've got a video of the Troopers in midtown after the jump .
· Snoop Dogg Will Lead an Imperial March for Adidas Today [ Racked ]
· JustRy [ Twitter ]
· fordryan [ TwitVid ]
“ The FBI has and will continue to apply cutting - edge forensic , biometric , and technical capabilities to our most challenging cases .
Together with our many partners , both here and abroad , we now call on the public to help us locate and take into custody those who threaten us , " he added .
EVEMover
EVEMover is a tool to move multiple instances of EVE online to their own monitors .
It will also remove the titlebar and borders from the games ' windows , so they will not overlap onto the other instances .
Unlike EVE
Launcher it will not start the EVE instances .
Usage : Start EVEMover , then start your EVE instances as you do normally .
Configure your EVE instances to use windowed mode and to use the correct graphics card for the monitor they will be displayed on .
( Hint : Press Ctrl + F to see the current frame rate .
If the EVE window is displayed on a different graphics card then it is configured to , the frame rate will drop . )
Switch to EVEMover , there you will find all running EVE instances in the " Running EVEs not handled by EVEMover " category .
You will also find a list of monitors there .
Now drag&drop the found EVEs onto the target monitors .
That 's all .
You can now minimize EVEMover and forget about it .
Download Version 1.1 ( Note :
The installer is in German , the program itself is in English . )
New in version 1.1 :
* Operation will now stop on any error .
This should prevent EVEMover from spawning an error box every second .
* Source code is now available .
Please note this only includes my code , not that of the included components .
However , you chould be able to google them up .
And BTW , it 's for Delphi 6 .
It 's only a proof of concept , but this is laptop with a clear OLED screen — but a stone 's throw from those floating 3D displays of Avatar .
Practical ?
Not necessarily .
The future ?
OBVIOUSLY .
Advertisement
The resolution is less than a 1000 wide , and less than 600 tall on this 14 incher .
It 's pixely , but let 's not quibble .
You see right through the 40 % translucent screen , then something appears on the screen ( like a white background ) , and you can't see through it anymore .
Advertisement
Are you processing this ?
No , you ca n't be .
It 's only 2010 .
Man was n't prepared for this kind of technology yet .
The brain has n't evolved enough .
We 're primates .
Squirrels .
Slugs .
Maybe in 100 or 200 years , the great artists of the world will reflect on what 's happened today and make some sort of sense of it all .
Until then , we 'll just keep on breathing , in , out .
Until then , we 'll weep .
News Release 10-016
White Roofs May Successfully Cool Cities
Computer model simulates impact of white roofs on urban areas
A construction crew paints a white roof in downtown Washington , D.C .
January 28 , 2010
This material is available primarily for archival purposes .
Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
Painting the roofs of buildings white has the potential to significantly cool off cities and mitigate some impacts of global warming , results of a new study indicate .
The research , the first computer modeling study to simulate the impacts of white roofs on urban areas worldwide , suggests there may be merit to the idea of turning roofs white .
But the study team , led by scientists at the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder , Colo. , cautions that there are still many hurdles between the concept and actual use of white roofs to counteract rising temperatures .
" Our research demonstrates that white roofs , at least in theory , can be an effective method for reducing urban heat , " says NCAR scientist Keith Oleson , the lead scientist on the study .
" It remains to be seen if it 's actually feasible for cities to paint their roofs white , but the idea certainly warrants further investigation . "
Results of the research are slated for publication later this winter in the American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) journal Geophysical Research Letters .
The work was funded by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , NCAR 's sponsor .
" Climate change mitigation research is an extremely important topic , " says Steve Nelson , NSF program director for NCAR .
" Whether on white roofs or other climate change mitigation subjects , it 's important to consider the many feedbacks and complicating considerations that make research in this area very complex . "
Cities are particularly vulnerable to climate change because they are warmer than outlying rural areas .
Asphalt roads , tar roofs and other artificial surfaces absorb heat from the sun , creating an urban " heat island effect " that can raise temperatures on average by 2 - 5 degrees Fahrenheit ( about 1 - 3 degrees Celsius ) or more , compared to rural areas .
White roofs would reflect some of that heat back into space and cool temperatures , much as wearing a white shirt on a sunny day can be cooler than wearing a dark shirt .
The study team used a newly developed computer model to simulate the amount of solar radiation that is absorbed or reflected by urban surfaces .
The model simulations , which provide scientists with an idealized view of different types of cities around the world , indicate that , if every roof were entirely painted white , the urban heat island effect could be reduced by 33 percent .
This would cool the world 's cities by an average of about 0.7 F , with the cooling influence being particularly pronounced during the day , especially in summer .
The authors emphasize that their research should be viewed as a hypothetical look at typical city landscapes rather than the actual rooftops of any one city .
In the real world , the cooling impact might be somewhat less because dust and weathering would cause the white paint to darken over time and parts of roofs would remain unpainted because of openings such as heating and cooling vents .
In addition , white roofs would have the effect of cooling temperatures within buildings .
As a result , depending on the local climate , the amount of energy used for space heating and air conditioning could change , which could affect both outside air temperatures and the consumption of fossil fuels such as oil and coal that are associated with global warming .
Depending on whether air conditioning or heating is affected more , this could either magnify or partially offset the impact of the roofs .
" It 's not as simple as just painting roofs white and cooling off a city , " Oleson says .
The research indicated that some cities would benefit more than others from white roofs , depending on such factors as the city 's location and design .
Among the factors to be considered are :
Roof density .
Cities where roofs are packed closely together would cool more .
Construction .
Roofs that allow large amounts of heat from the sun to penetrate the interior of a building ( as can happen with metal roofs and little insulation ) are less effective in cooling outside temperatures when painted white .
Location .
White roofs tend to have a larger impact in relatively warm climates that receive strong , year - round sunlight .
While the model did not have enough detail to capture individual cities , it did show the change in temperatures in larger metropolitan regions .
The New York area , for example , would cool in summer afternoons by almost 2 degrees Fahrenheit .
The study team used a new computer model , developed by Oleson and colleagues , that is designed to assess the impacts of a changing climate on urban populations and explore options for countering rising temperatures .
This urban canyon model simulates temperature changes in city landscapes , capturing such factors as the influence of roofs , walls , streets , and green spaces on local temperatures .
Oleson has successfully linked the urban canyon model to a computer simulation of worldwide climate , the NCAR - based Community Climate System Model , thereby enabling researchers to study the interactions between global climate change and urban areas .
The new model does not yet have the power to replicate the architecture and design of specific cities .
Instead , the research team created abstractions of cities in the model , using classes of population density , urban design and building construction .
Oleson and his colleagues plan to continue refining the model to provide more information for policymakers concerned about protecting urban populations from the risks associated with heat waves and other changes in climate .
" It 's critical to understand how climate change will affect vulnerable urban areas , which are home to most of the world 's population , " says NCAR scientist Gordon Bonan , a co-author of the paper .
- NSF -
Media Contacts
Cheryl Dybas , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-7734 , email : cdybas@nsf.gov
David Hosansky , NCAR , ( 303 ) 497-8611 , email : hosansky@ucar.edu
Peter Weiss , AGU , ( 202 ) 777-7507 , email : pweiss@agu.org
The U.S. National Science Foundation propels the nation forward by advancing fundamental research in all fields of science and engineering .
NSF supports research and people by providing facilities , instruments and funding to support their ingenuity and sustain the U.S. as a global leader in research and innovation .
With a fiscal year 2020 budget of $ 8.3 billion , NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges , universities and institutions .
Each year , NSF receives more than 40,000 competitive proposals and makes about 11,000 new awards .
Those awards include support for cooperative research with industry , Arctic and Antarctic research and operations , and U.S. participation in international scientific efforts .
Get News Updates by Email
Connect with us online
NSF website : nsf.gov
NSF News : nsf.gov/news
For News Media : nsf.gov/news/newsroom
Statistics : nsf.gov/statistics /
Awards database : nsf.gov/awardsearch /
Follow us on social
Twitter : twitter.com/NSF and twitter.com/NSFspox
Facebook : facebook.com/US.NSF
Instagram : instagram.com/nsfgov
by Carl Packman
Sigmund Freud , that ever - controversial figure , is more known for his views on the unconscious and the Oedipus complex than for his theological work , but indeed , as time spent in his house , now museum , in North West London will reveal , a lot of his efforts and interests were devoted to religious symbols , figurines , artworks and texts .
From as early as childhood Freud viewed religion as merely a fantasy based entirely upon a childish wish fulfilment , this view most explicitly stated in his work of 1927 entitled The Future of an Illusion where he made clear that though many childhood wishes were unlikely , they were not impossible .
Freud held this particularly negative view of religion up until 1935 when an evident sea-change became apparent in his manner .
In private correspondence Freud started to acknowledge the intellectual qualities of God on thought and enquiry , after all the speculation of an absent property had immense benefits for abstract contemplation .
Freud ’s understanding of the concept of God changed from illusion to promoting sapience .
Rather than bogging one down with idle introspection , the concept permitted investigation .
What Freud ’s more mature work suggested was that there are substantial benefits to accepting the limits of our knowledge , and having something akin to faith in a truth not necessarily interpreted by the senses .
For Freud , Moses represented such an intellectual leap ( PDF file ) , that he refused to accept a life of sun idolatry for something more intellectually cultivating , meant that religion was more than simple childishness , and that even as an atheist – as Freud persistently was throughout his life – Freud realised that there was something important to be maintained from the Judeo - Christian legacy .
Funny , then , that the new atheists – who include well - known figures such as Richard Dawkins , Sam Harris , Christopher Hitchens – all include in their anti-religious polemics appeals to the , slapdash , early Freud view that religion is illusory , a view that , as Ana - Maria Rizzuto reminds us in her excellent book Why Did Freud Reject God : A Psychoanalytic Interpretation , was born out of a rebellious reaction to his Father ’s beliefs .
Less is said by these bestselling authors about what is valuable about the Judeo - Christian legacy , and there is one simple reason for that , they are in denial of it .
At best the so - called humanistic values to which they espouse are offshoots of elements otherwise unparalleled in Christian ethics ( to be sure , if there is no God , the guidelines attributed to religion are in some ways expressions of a humanist imperative , but more than that the Golden Rule , as only one example , is a most impressive humanist guide ) and at worst they represent the most foul turns of immorality imaginable , from the anti-Christian Adolf Eichmann ’s part played in the Final Solution , to Sam Harris ’ more recent enthusiasm for torture and the morality of collateral damage .
This is not to conflate atheism with immorality , by no means , but by pretending to hold the moral high ground on the basis of non-religion alone , is a grave flaw unlike any other , an illusion .
John Gray , in his take on the phenomena of the new atheists , rightly identified that ‘ zealous atheism renews some of the worst features of Christianity and Islam ’ .
The character trait he most deplores in Dawkins et al is their insistence of a new socio-cultural shift that will emerge on the advent of decreased religious influence / tolerance .
For Gray , any agenda for dramatic change on a massive scale is doomed to failure before it starts , he imagines that societal thirst and energy for grand narratives has all but dried up , and any remaining hopefuls of radical transformation are setting themselves up to fail .
He holds new atheism in this esteem , subtly mocking scientific ‘ consciousness raising ’ – the analogy of the day – as overoptimistic bunkum .
Though for me it is not because of this hope of societal shift that I find the new atheist project to be largely detrimental , but rather because of the denial of such a transaction ’s Christian heritage .
Instead of avowedly viewing their conscious - raised utopia as being not too dissimilar from the Christian efforts for transformation by salvation of the existing social order , it instead chooses to caricature religion as indefinitely and unalterably evil , while upholding the folly that atheism is fully grounded on reason , humanism and a pursuit of good , morally superior as a consequence .
Such is the nature of the new atheism delusion .
Monsanto : herbicide powerhouse
Tom PhilpottGRIST , 16 Sep 2008http://gristmill.grist.org/story/2008/9/16/134046/599*The GMO seed giant expects Roundup to generate $ 1.8 billion in profits in 2008 Monsanto positions itself as a green company .
" Using the tools of modern biology , " its website informs us , " we help farmers grow more yield sustainably so they can produce more and conserve more .
" Compare that twaddle to this bit from Monsanto 's announcement on Tuesday : " [ Monsanto's Chief Financial Officer Terry ]
Crews will indicate that Monsanto 's Roundup and other glyphosate - based herbicides business is on track to be above $ 1.9 billion of gross profit for the 2008 fiscal year , ahead of the previous forecast .
"
http://monsanto.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=43&item=641Wow.
Nearly $ 2 billion in profit , from Roundup alone .
As recently as February , Monsanto was expecting to make $ 1.4 billion from its herbicide division this year .
I guess farmers applied it even more copiously than expected .
But the company is n't just churning out profit by peddling weed - killer .
Its seeds are doing pretty well , too -- particularly corn : " Crews will also note that for the 2008 fiscal year , the company 's corn business should exceed $ 2 billion in gross - profit generation for the first time .
" Interesting .
So it makes nearly as much on herbicide as it does on corn seeds .
( Overall , the company expects to make $ 3.8 billion on seeds in ' 08 ) .
Investors applauded Monsanto's announcement , sending shares up 7.5 percent Tuesday .
I wonder if they 're being short - sighted .
Monsanto's success rests on Roundup Ready technology -- selling seeds genetically engineered to withstand heavy doses of its flagship herbicide .
But Roundup - tolerant weeds ( so - called " superweeds " ) are on the rise .
Eventully , farmers will have to shift away from Roundup -- Monsanto's $ 1.8 billion cash cow .
http://gristmill.grist.org/story/2008/8/14/9630/00762Meanwhile,
Bayer is rolling out a new line of herbicide - tolerant seeds , this one designed to withstand doses of Bayer 's glufosinate herbicide .
Ain't the agrichemical industry grand ?
http://deltafarmpress.com/soybeans/libertylink-eu-0910/
Dudley 's dungeon Home Comments Archive Print
Wednesday , 31 December , 2008 by Dion Nicolaas @ @ " I call it a day . "
http://dudley.nicolaas.net
Farewell , adventurers .
This was Dudley 's dungeon , a comic about life , death and all the rest in the Dungeons of Doom .
Our hero has lived through ( and died through ) 1197 adventures , written by over 150 people .
Now it 's time for someone else .
This site will remain available as it is now .
If you want to run an ASCII webcomic , the ( messy ) source code of this website is available .
It is written in PHP , and will run on any version above 4.3 .
Mail me if you are interested .
http://dudley.nicolaas.net
Want to contribute ?
Write an email to dudley@nicolaas.net !
Powered by Nics < Previous << First Random Today >>
Rating 6 0 3 2 32 Average rating : Good
Number of ratings : 43
Comments Wellan December 31 , 2008 03:43
First comment : 27 November , 2007 247 comments written Good idea !
Now you just need a sleeping gas trap !
Toby Bartels December 31 , 2008 06:36
First comment : 11 August , 2007 83 comments written I call it a year !
Antheridium December 31 , 2008 07:55 First comment : 17 May , 2007 442 comments written Happy New Year , Dion .
And a belated Merry Christmas , too .
Eskimo December 31 , 2008 08:44
First comment : 14 April , 2004 166 comments written
Anyone else got a paniccy feeling ?
Nesman December 31 , 2008 14:14
First comment : 4 January , 2005 112 comments written Eskimo , you 're not alone .
Hopefully we 're just missing a great punchline .
Dion might be celebrating April Fool 's a few months early . :)
We 're about 2 months away from the 5 year mark , btw .
gneek December 31 , 2008 19:12
First comment : 18 January , 2008 159 comments written Happy New Year everyone .
Ð� Ð�Ð¾Ð²Ð¸Ð ¼ Ñ�Ð¾ÐºÐ¾Ð¼! @ December 31 , 2008 22:54
First comment : 26 July , 2004 155 comments written
On the DIY thingy , how do I get a newline after someone 's dialogue ?
For instance , I 've got Duds saying something , then Dogley saying something :
@ " Blah blah blah " d " blah blah blah "
How do I get it so that the d will show up below dudley 's line , not at the end of it ?
Wellan January 1 , 2009 01:39
First comment : 27 November , 2007 247 comments written @ :
As you 've probably found out , you can't use a hard return to create a new line in the dialogue .
You just need to add enough spaces that the formatting automatically puts the second quote on another line .
It 's a bit tricky .
@ January 1 , 2009 04:43
First comment : 26 July , 2004 155 comments written
That does n't work on the DIY for me .
@ January 1 , 2009 04:45
First comment : 26 July , 2004 155 comments written NVM , I got it , it 's " / br " at the end of a line Wellan January 1 , 2009 20:06 First comment : 27 November , 2007 247 comments written Sweet , thanks , @! I did n't know that .
I 've been messing around with spaces all this time .
Stevko January 1 , 2009 22:38
First comment : 1 January , 2009 2 comments written Nice comic this Dudley 's dungeon , but almost unreadable in text browsers , since " Encyclopedia entries " ( or whatever you call it ) interfere with the text .
:-( SomeoneElse January 2 , 2009 00:30
First comment : 11 September , 2006 143 comments written Stevko just click on the options link on the site , you can turn that stuff off .
Quint Sakugarne January 5 , 2009 07:51
First comment : 1 January , 2008 233 comments written i can haz new comik plz ?
SQLGuru January 6 , 2009 13:20 First comment : 23 October , 2006 77 comments written
If this is the end , I would have preferred a little more hoopla .
Like maybe Dudley actually killing a ?
Hopefully , this is just a " still adjusting to the new year " delay .
parsakaali January 7 , 2009 12:35
First comment : 7 January , 2009 1 comments written
Aww , sounds too bad .
But it 's been a real pleasure !
Like Dion suggests , maybe SomeoneElse takes the lead ? ;-)
Dav January 7 , 2009 13:53
First comment : 26 June , 2004 147 comments written Dudley 's Dungeon
Killed by 2009 Nesman January 7 , 2009 14:22
First comment : 4 January , 2005 112 comments written Dion , Thank you .
It 's been fun .
Now I 'll probably have to actually go back to playing to get my nethack fix .
Gnuoy January 7 , 2009 16:45
First comment : 4 October , 2007 3 comments written
It 's been a good couple of years ; mostly lurking but always enjoying the comics here .
Elwin January 7 , 2009 19:34
First comment : 22 August , 2007 3 comments written Goodbye Dudley the Adventurer ...
Rest in peace .
Vins January 7 , 2009 23:53
First comment : 4 April , 2008 13 comments written Sniff ....
Farewell Dudley 's dungeon ...
You a level 84 ... killed by a time ....
Eskimo January 8 , 2009 06:43
First comment : 14 April , 2004 166 comments written Sniff , have to vote excellent for the several years of fun this has given me .
If the site stays up , would it be that hard to make the " submit a comic " part automatic ?
Just add to the next available date .
I do n't care if there 's one comic submitted per month and most of them are bad .
It would be fun to have an unofficial " site lives forever " going on .
But ending it likes this is thematic as well .
Mantar January 8 , 2009 07:44
First comment : 17 June , 2004 197 comments written Rated " E " , for some excellent memories .
I think Nesman 's got the right idea , maybe I 'll finally go ahead and make my first ascension run with my , Gray Alys .
( I got cold feet after finding the vibrating square - I was so close , but I could n't stand the gnawing fear that I was going to make some dumb mistake , and parked her save game .
Fortunately , I have most of it recorded for ttyplay , so I can refresh my memory on what I 've done by watching it . )
Paradox January 8 , 2009 08:22
First comment : 5 October , 2006 17 comments written RIP Dudley 's dungeon .
Thanks to Dion and all the other writers for several years of fun .
The original Hawkes January 8 , 2009 11:00 First comment : 8 January , 2009 1 comments written Wait what !
I did n't put my comic in yet !
AH !
GAH !
Anyway , here it is ...
An examination of some possible responses to a foocubus .
(' Inspired ' by < http://xkcd.com/414/>)
The hits !
@ " Um , I think your copy of the Kama Sutra has some mistranslations ... "
@ " Err , I do n't think that goes there . "
@ " Is that it ? "
@ " If you think that just because you give me some tacky ... "
@ " I 'm not that sort of women . "
@ " This is my first time , be gentle . "
January 8 , 2009 17:28
First comment : 1 April , 2004 431 comments written
So long Dudley , and thanks for all the fish !
Erinne January 8 , 2009 17:43
First comment : 8 January , 2009 1 comments written
And so another great webcomic ends .
Farewell , Dudley .
Rated Excellent for the End. Arle January 8 , 2009 17:46
First comment : 2 June , 2008 29 comments written Crap , that was me .
Pix January 8 , 2009 18:34
First comment : 17 July , 2008 3 comments written
It 's been Excellent overall .
Thanks for what you 've done so far .
Slowpoke January 8 , 2009 18:59
First comment : 27 February , 2007 239 comments written I am saddened , and yet in a way disappointed , to know that Dudley will be no more .
I can't help believing that , in some small way , the sudden ending to the saga was n't my fault .
Thank you Dion for five years of your hard work in making this site a reality ( of fantasy ) .
Dion January 8 , 2009 20:42
First comment : 2 February , 2004 100 comments written
The automated comic submission , Eskimo , was halfway done .
I wanted comic submitters write a one line summary for their comics .
Then visitors could vote for tomorrow 's comic .
At any time , for each author , one comic would be candidate .
It never got finished .
Newtkiller January 9 , 2009 02:47
First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written I think I 'll learn PHP , and sacrifice some time for dudley 's dungeon .
If no one wants to do it ( with a better knowledge of PHP perhaps ) .
Newtkiller January 9 , 2009 02:55 First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written Soory , I had problems installing PHP , really can't help you .
Sorry .
Can someon do it ?
please ?
It was so much fun ... Dav January 9 , 2009 03:43
First comment : 26 June , 2004 147 comments written I could host the site and hack up the PHP , if someone else wanted to handle scheduling the comics .
I do n't have much time these days .
Feory January 9 , 2009 03:50 First comment : 15 August , 2006 63 comments written Dudley 's Dungeon 's been a great read these past few years , shame it 's over , but I guess things can't go on forever .
Newtkiller January 9 , 2009 03:59
First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written I can read and schedule te comics , but it will have to be you dav to pt the schedule on the site .
If you 're interested please answer
Nameless is it you that wrote Yendor ?
I read it and the beginning seems really awesome , so I wondered if I could continue the novel .
Sheezy January 9 , 2009 06:19
First comment : 14 October , 2008 4 comments written
What .
Why are you ending it dion ?
Quint Sakugarne January 9 , 2009 07:22
First comment : 1 January , 2008 233 comments written Wait ... this is the end ?
...
...
...
< 8 ( . Quint Sakugarne January 9 , 2009 07:30 First comment : 1 January , 2008 233 comments written Die ? [ yn ]
n
http:nicolaas.netdudley/index.php?f=20090101
Newtkiller January 9 , 2009 09:03
First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written
Yes , this is the end .
Till dav 's answer at leatst .
Dav January 9 , 2009 14:17
First comment : 26 June , 2004 147 comments written Newtkiller , I 'll send Dion an email .
Newtkiller January 9 , 2009 15:55 First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written Okay .
If it 's okay with him , please send a mail at quentin.dauchy@free.fr
And also change the name of the " want to contribute " to that e-mail adress .
And finally make a post here to advertise the playrs that we 're going to keep the comics going , and to keep their submissions on .
GreyKnight January 9 , 2009 19:48
First comment : 24 March , 2006 48 comments written I wrote some PHP code for an experimental Crawl webcomic inspired by Dudley , which unfortunately never really took off .
It included colour , long - time readers may remember a heated debate about this some time ago ! :-D
If anybody cares at all , and wants the code , please bother me at < greyknight 3 {at} yahoo {dot} com > , or leave a note with MemoServ on irc.freenode .
net for " GreyKnight " .
Finally , thank you Dion !
We had a heckuva lot of fun , thanks to you .
Antheridium January 9 , 2009 23:18
First comment : 17 May , 2007 442 comments written
Wow , I can't believe this comic is ending .
This was one of my favorite websites .
I 'm going to miss it ... especially commenting on the comics .
Well , at least Tales from the is still running .
:P
Antheridium January 10 , 2009 05:38
First comment : 17 May , 2007 442 comments written
Oh , yeah , thanks Dion .
Ca n't believe I forgot to say that .
acheron January 10 , 2009 20:10
First comment : 1 June , 2004 63 comments written Sad to see it go .
Thanks for everything Dion !
Wellan January 10 , 2009 22:10 First comment : 27 November , 2007 247 comments written Dion , thank you .
It 's sort of sad to see bits of the NetHack community fade away like this ... I wonder if there 'll ever be a version 4 to things up again ... newtkeeper January 10 , 2009 22:28
First comment : 17 November , 2008 3 comments written
This is the way the world ends .
Not with a bang , but a whimper .
Newtkiller January 11 , 2009 04:20 First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written
We have e-mailed Dion , so soon dudley comes back .
if you have any idea or submissions , please send them to the adress which I already had put in the comments .
Please put Dudley in the topic .
Happy new year everyone !!!
acheron January 11 , 2009 06:08
First comment : 1 June , 2004 63 comments written I do n't think there will ever be a version 4 , but I still hold out hope for 3.5.0 ...
January 11 , 2009 06:17
First comment : 1 April , 2004 431 comments written comic , yay January 11 , 2009 06:19 First comment : 1 April , 2004 431 comments written ah well , I was trying to comment the ( nonexistant ) comic for 11/1/2009 Newtkiller January 11 , 2009 11:47 First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written
Then make it !
@ January 12 , 2009 01:12
First comment : 26 July , 2004 155 comments written
Thanks , and goodbye Dion .
I enjoyed Dudlay 's Dungeon from the first time I read it .
I 've sent a comic to the email address above .
Here 's to a new year and a new webcomic !
@ January 12 , 2009 01:13
First comment : 26 July , 2004 155 comments written Dudley's *
gah ... Tiiti January 12 , 2009 13:48
First comment : 4 February , 2005 2 comments written
Thank you !
To Dion as well as all the comic - writers !
Newtkiller January 12 , 2009 18:48 First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written New adress is now http://sadowl.com/dudley/.
For the moment the moment system does not seem to work .
As well as the cookie .
If you have any comic to send , please do .
One comic was submitted to me .
Together we work to make you a new dudley .
There you will roftl once again .
The new dudley will be completely ready soon .
The first comics to arrive will be the frst to be posted !
Newtkiller January 12 , 2009 18:59
First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written
And DIY does n't work yet .
Dion January 12 , 2009 20:35
First comment : 2 February , 2004 100 comments written
You should switch register_globals on in your PHP.ini .
Newtkiller January 12 , 2009 20:39
First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written Okay , I 'll tell that to Dav .
Thanks .
January 12 , 2009 23:10
First comment : 1 April , 2004 431 comments written I 'd just like to thank Dion for allowing this comic to continue .
This is the second best thing to him continuing it .
( And thanks for open - sourcing it ! ) Antheridium January 13 , 2009 05:56
First comment : 17 May , 2007 442 comments written
Thank you for everything , Dion .
Even if the comic does continue , I 'm still going to miss your particular brand of humor .
Still ... rest well , you 've earned it .
Hope to see you on the high score list .
:P
Skyrock January 13 , 2009 16:22
First comment : 26 July , 2007 41 comments written I 've pondered for some days what to say about this , but as I came up with nothing fancy , I 'll keep it simple :
Dank je wel , Dion , for all the years of work of setting up and maintaining Dudleys Dungeon .
And a great thanks too to Newtkiller for hopping in and fighting on to keep the webcomic alive .
It 's great to see that this audience includes folks who are willing to put some work and resources to rescue the comic from oblivion .
Newtkiller January 13 , 2009 16:55 First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written
This was mostly moved by personnal interest , seeing that I really loved dudley dungeon and wanted to continue reading comics .
paxed January 13 , 2009 20:40 First comment : 15 September , 2004 8 comments written I 've written a new & improved version : http://alt.org/nethack/dudley/
It 's very much alpha software , so any comments and feedback is appreciated ...
Toby Bartels January 13 , 2009 22:16
First comment : 11 August , 2007 83 comments written I posted thanks the last time the comic ended , and it 's still true .
You 're the best , Dion .
Quint Sakugarne January 13 , 2009 23:40 First comment : 1 January , 2008 233 comments written
Well , looks like we 've got TWO competing Dudley 's Dungeon II 's now !
Who 's gonna win / Wellan January 14 , 2009 18:53 First comment : 27 November , 2007 247 comments written I think we should just say that whoever gets up a comic first wins ...
Quint Sakugarne January 14 , 2009 20:22
First comment : 1 January , 2008 233 comments written
Well , technically , Newtkiller has won , then .
Nesman January 16 , 2009 20:26
First comment : 4 January , 2005 112 comments written I must admit , I like Paxed 's colorized version , but there 's still something to be said for the clasic Dudley 's dungeon look .
I may have to recall my nethack .
alt.org password now . :)
Nate879 January 16 , 2009 20:53
First comment : 11 October , 2008 8 comments written I am having trouble logging in on http://alt.org/nethack/dudley/.
I tried once , and I 'm pretty sure I entered the data right , but it still says " please log in with your NAO username and password ... " .
Toby Bartels January 17 , 2009 11:08 First comment : 11 August , 2007 83 comments written Nate :
One think I noticed is that this log in is case sensitive , even though it 's case insensitive when I telnet to play Nethack there .
paxed January 17 , 2009 15:41
First comment : 15 September , 2004 8 comments written
No need to have a nethack .
alt.org username now ; you can create a new user login in the comic strip pages .
Mantar January 18 , 2009 20:31
First comment : 17 June , 2004 197 comments written Meh .
I 'm not going to sign up just to comment on a webcomic .
Seriously .
zem January 19 , 2009 16:01
First comment : 5 December , 2005 64 comments written so long , and thanks for all the strips !
Quint Sakugarne January 21 , 2009 07:03
First comment : 1 January , 2008 233 comments written
Well , I did .
I also had an account there already .
idontexist January 30 , 2009 21:28 First comment : 19 July , 2008 35 comments written Thanks Dion Toby Bartels February 6 , 2009 06:59
First comment : 11 August , 2007 83 comments written I 'm putting a comment towards the bottom that has links to both successor comics in one place .
I hope some find it convenient .
* http://sadowl.com/dudley/
* http://alt.org/nethack/dudley/ zem February 13 , 2009 06:49
First comment : 5 December , 2005 64 comments written thanks toby !
Purple Koopa February 24 , 2009 23:25
First comment : 20 June , 2006 16 comments written
Thanks for all the laughs , Dion .
abadidea March 22 , 2009 23:40 First comment : 22 March , 2009 1 comments written I love you , Dudley .
Antheridium April 21 , 2009 19:15
First comment : 17 May , 2007 442 comments written I call last comment .
:P acheron April 23 , 2009 01:44
First comment : 1 June , 2004 63 comments written false !
Antheridium April 23 , 2009 18:19
First comment : 17 May , 2007 442 comments written I knew that was going to happen ...
Slowpoke April 24 , 2009 16:04
First comment : 27 February , 2007 239 comments written I knew it way before you did .
Vins April 25 , 2009 11:51
First comment : 4 April , 2008 13 comments written ...
April 25 , 2009 16:14
First comment : 1 April , 2004 431 comments written I guess you have the last comment , Vins. Kudos .
Antheridium April 25 , 2009 17:22
First comment : 17 May , 2007 442 comments written
So how many of us still check this , anyway ?
I thought everyone had stopped watching it .
Medardo May 2 , 2009 18:07
First comment : 5 December , 2007 23 comments written Followed this for a year , puts a smile on to think when i used to read dudley back in the computer room at school :) grazie Dion and comic - writers !
oh well , time for another charater now .
zem May 4 , 2009 11:16
First comment : 5 December , 2005 64 comments written i check back every now and then :) i feel like a time traveller Toby Bartels May 4 , 2009 21:04 First comment : 11 August , 2007 83 comments written I check .
Sometimes I make handy links :
* http://sadowl.com/dudley/
* http://alt.org/nethack/dudley/
Dani May 8 , 2009 16:00 First comment : 7 June , 2008 39 comments written :( GreyKnight May 10 , 2009 07:30 First comment : 24 March , 2006 48 comments written Verily , forsooth !
Sec May 25 , 2009 15:47
First comment : 25 May , 2009 1 comments written I 'm a bit late to the game , just managed to catch up with the last comics .
Thanks for keeping it going so long .
Had my fun ! :)
Narushima May 25 , 2009 19:17
First comment : 16 September , 2008 2 comments written
And I only notices this now .
Too bad , you wo n't see see any of the astonishingly amusing strips I totally had prepared ...
Seriously though , this was nice .
zem May 29 , 2009 17:36
First comment : 5 December , 2005 64 comments written narushima : submit them to one of the son - of - dudley comics ( : Toby Bartels May 31 , 2009 19:52
First comment : 11 August , 2007 83 comments written
Yes , yes !
Submit them here :
* http://sadowl.com/dudley/
* http://alt.org/nethack/dudley/ zem September 22 , 2009 20:36
First comment : 5 December , 2005 64 comments written yay , archive is back :) Toby Bartels September 23 , 2009 05:48 First comment : 11 August , 2007 83 comments written Hoorah !
Dion , you .
Newtkiller September 23 , 2009 17:36
First comment : 28 October , 2008 127 comments written
Yay , just saw the archive back .
Is it possible to transfer all these back to the conservative version ?
I would really like to see back some of L's work .
http://dudley.nicolaas.net
Want to contribute ?
Write an email to dudley@nicolaas.net !
Powered by Nics Average rating : GoodNumber of ratings : 43 < Previous << First Random Today >>
When being poor in America may not be as bad as you think it is .
By now we all know that we are living in a collective economic contraction that has taken a heavy toll on our collective prosperity and even most people ’s ability to maintain day to day survival .
Of course according to myth , superstition and all those shiny bill boards smiling at you on the streets , life in America was never suppose to be this bad , and if it was it only happened to nasty families , nasty people and all those illegals .
Right ?
According to a report released by the New York Times long term poverty and reliance on a burgeoning social safety system which is barely that is on the up and reportedly the new way to exist in America .
Call them the new poor : people long accustomed to the comforts of middle - class life who are now relying on public assistance for the first time in their lives — potentially for years to come . –
NYT .
Not a very pleasant read at all .
But of course what the article does n’t mention is the profound shift this is having on the public which is collectively disillusioned by the hype that it has been fed since they could say the word ‘ mama ’ and ‘ take me to Mcdonalds . ’
With the rich getting increasingly richer and living what appears to be super banal and unnatural lives while most of us suffer and watch in mock amusement at their televised follies what is beginning to morph is a new approach and appreciation of life .
No longer are people competing to own jumbo homes or validating their existence by the job title or paycheck , since these things are in short supply , instead they are trying to find sustenance and meaning to life via their own self expression and openly critical perspective of what life can be devoid of a capitalistic dogma which has has foiled most people who were n’t lucky enough to be bailed out by 800 billion jumbo bank bail outs .
In essence the whole situation has forced a greater percentage of the population to think outside of the box and come up with ingenious ways to find sustenance and if history is any guide it is these periods of social and economic disarray that creates movements and ways of self - preservation bigger than what preceded them ( of course some of these movements led to some nasty incidents and affairs - take the Nazi party for example … ) .
In the meantime life is diabolical for most people , and not everybody can or wants to be a provocateur or have to come up with a new way to maintain basic survival rights .
Then again a close inspection of the system at hand has left gaping holes in its legitimacy to serve its constituents , the alternative is to begin to think outside out of the box or be crushed by the box .
And in the event you were thinking of pressuring your local congressman , good luck unless you happen to be a corporate that has more vested interest in place .
America is a great place to be poor as long as you can afford it …
nytimes.com
LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF IDAHO
Fifty - eighth Legislature
First Regular Session – 2005
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
HOUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO . 29
BY WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE
A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION
STATING LEGISLATIVE FINDINGS AND COMMENDING JARED AND JERUSHA HESS AND THE CITY OF PRESTON FOR THE PRODUCTION OF THE MOVIE “ NAPOLEON DYNAMITE . ”
Be It Resolved by the Legislature of the State of Idaho :
WHEREAS , the State of Idaho recognizes the vision , talent and creativity of Jared and Jerusha Hess in the writing and production of “ Napoleon Dynamite ” ; and
WHEREAS , the scenic and beautiful City of Preston , County of Franklin and the State of Idaho are experiencing increased tourism and economic growth ; and
WHEREAS , filmmaker Jared Hess is a native Idahoan who was educated in the Idaho public school system ; and
WHEREAS , the Preston High School administration and staff , particularly the cafeteria staff , have enjoyed notoriety and worldwide attention ; and
WHEREAS , tater tots figure prominently in this film thus promoting Idaho ’s most famous export ; and
WHEREAS , the friendship between Napoleon and Pedro has furthered multiethnic relationships ; and
WHEREAS , Uncle Rico ’s football skills are a testament to Idaho athletics ; and
WHEREAS , Napoleon ’s bicycle and Kip ’s skateboard promote better air quality and carpooling as alternatives to fuel - dependent methods of transportation ; and
WHEREAS , Grandma ’s trip to the St. Anthony Sand Dunes highlights a long - honored Idaho vacation destination ; and
WHEREAS , Rico and Kip ’s Tupperware sales and Deb ’s keychains and glamour shots promote entrepreneurism and self - sufficiency in Idaho ’s small towns ; and
WHEREAS , Napoleon ’s artistic rendition of Trisha is an example of the importance of the visual arts in K - 12 education ; and
WHEREAS , the schoolwide Preston High School student body elections foster an awareness in Idaho ’s youth of public service and civic duty ; and
WHEREAS , the “ Happy Hands ” club and the requirement that candidates for school president present a skit is an example of the importance of theater arts in K - 12 education ; and
WHEREAS , Pedro ’s efforts to bake a cake for Summer illustrate the positive connection between culinary skills to lifelong relationships ; and
WHEREAS , Kip ’s relationship with LaFawnduh is a tribute to e-commerce and Idaho ’s technology - driven industry ; and
WHEREAS , Kip and LaFawnduh ’s wedding shows Idaho ’s commitment to healthy marriages ; and
WHEREAS , the prevalence of cooked steak as a primary food group pays tribute to Idaho ’s beef industry ; and
WHEREAS , Napoleon ’s tetherball dexterity emphasizes the importance of physical education in Idaho public schools ; and
WHEREAS , Tina the llama , the chickens with large talons , the 4 - H milk cows , and the Honeymoon Stallion showcase Idaho ’s animal husbandry ; and
WHEREAS , any members of the House of Representatives or the Senate of the Legislature of the State of Idaho who choose to vote “ Nay ” on this concurrent resolution are “ FREAKIN ’ IDIOTS ! ” and run the risk of having the “ Worst Day of Their Lives ! ”
NOW , THEREFORE , BE IT RESOLVED by the members of the First Regular Session of the Fifty - eighth Idaho Legislature , the House of Representatives and the Senate concurring therein , that we commend Jared and Jerusha Hess and the City of Preston for showcasing the positive aspects of Idaho ’s youth , rural culture , education system , athletics , economic prosperity and diversity .
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that we , the members of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the State of Idaho , advocate always following your heart , and thus we eagerly await the next cinematic undertaking of Idaho ’s Hess family .
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Chief Clerk of the House of Representatives be , and she is hereby authorized and directed to forward a copy of this resolution to Jared and Jerusha Hess , the Mayor of the City of Preston and the Principal of Preston High School .
Statement of Purpose / Fiscal Impact
STATEMENT OF PURPOSE
RS 15236
The purpose of this resolution is to recognize and commend Jared and Jerusha Hess for their cinematic talents by which they have increased the nation ’s awareness of Idaho .
In an ongoing effort to help the poorest country in the Americas survive and recover from a devastating earthquake , hackers around the world are participating in CrisisCamp Hackathons this Saturday , January 16 .
The unconference - style events are free for attendees , who are asked to volunteer their time and expertise to create technology projects that provide data , information , maps and technical assistance to non-governmental organizations , relief agencies and the public .
The CrisisCamps being held this weekend will all directly benefit Haitian relief efforts .
Volunteers of all kinds - the technically talented and others , too - are requested to sign up .
Hackathons are being organized in Silicon Valley , London , Washington DC and Boulder / Denver .
Some of these events still need organization and leadership help ; volunteers are asked to take charge and donate whatever time or resources they have available .
Proposed projects so far include a base layer map for Port Au Prince for NGOs and relief agencies , a family locator system , a volunteer skill matrix , a news aggregator to coordinate data feeds and ongoing definitions to support ongoing CrisisCamp efforts .
For an idea of how these kinds of tech can help in times of national and natural disasters , check out Chad Catacchio 's post on crisis mapping .
CrisisCamp 's goal is to gather topic experts , app developers and emergency first responders to create better technology and practices for crisis management and disaster relief .
For updates and more information , follow CrisisCamp on Twitter .
For more on what technologists are doing to help relief efforts in Haiti , check out these other RWW posts :
Internet Rallies to Help Haiti : Here 's What You Can Do Right Now
Google Offers Satellite Images of Haiti , Post - Earthquake
CloudCamp for Haiti : How the Cloud Can Help Aid Efforts
Copyright 2010 ReadWriteWeb .
All Rights Reserved .
When starting out as a designer , especially a freelance designer , it is easy to focus solely on expanding your design skill set .
Learning about design , working on design , and showing off your designs comes natural because that ’s what a designer ’s suppose to do , right ?
But many times you may be required to take your creative hat off and put on some business pants in order to become a successful freelancer .
I ’ve compiled several of the best in the business of talking about the business of design , especially freelance design .
When starting out as a designer , especially a freelance designer , it is easy to focus solely on expanding your design skill set .
Learning about design , working on design , and showing off your designs comes natural because that ’s what a designer ’s suppose to do , right ?¬†
But many times you may be required to take your creative hat off and put on some business pants in order to become a successful freelancer .
You have to be the marketing department , the sales department , the customer service department , and so on .
It can be tough to juggle all these jobs as you start out into unknown realm of freelance design .¬†
Lucky for you , there are many experts out there who are willing to help give you the knowledge to run your freelance business like pro without the need for an MBA .¬†
I ’ve compiled several of the best in the business of talking about the business of design , especially freelance design .
While your RSS reader is probably chalk full of excellent tutorial sites and you ’ve got folders and folders of resources ready to go , do you have the marketing savvy to make make a splash with your design business .
Bookmark these excellent resources to help you make sense of the business of design so you ’ll be ready to take on whatever comes your way :
One of the best in the business of freelance advice , Freelance Switch offers articles , resources , and more on a daily basis .
Their job boards and forum are also great places to find jobs and talk about strategy , business , and other freelancing tasks .
Another great blog that focuses on all things freelance .
The Freelance Folder offers an excellent community for knowledge , discussion , and ideas .
Just ran across this site for the first time while doing research but it has all the makings of a great freelance information site .
They also offer many services to aid in the pursuit of freelance success .
Not as much straightforward and practical advice but Seth Godin is one of the most respected authors in the business world .
He ’s authored numerous bestsellers including Tribes , a book on connecting leaders with a group of dedicated followers .
There ’s a lot of good information to pick up on his blog and if you have n’t read any of his books , they ’re fantastic !
Focused mainly on the virtual workplace , WebWorkerDaily offers advice on productivity , networking , and even the lifestyle of a web worker .
If you ’re interested in expanding your web presense , this is a great place to start .
Guerrilla marketing refers to the unconventional methods of marketing on a limited budget .
Mike Smith takes this approach as he offers valuable resources to Freelancers who may prefer to do things on the cheap ( which is probably everyone ) .
A blog dedicating to help you make more money online .
Brush up on your online business skills with this great blog .
The Creative Freelancer Conference is aimed at anyone in the creative arts field trying to make a living freelancing .
The CFC Blog is a companion blog that offers loads of great advice on the business of design , specifically freelancing .
Dosh Dosh is an internet marketing blog that offers advice on social marketing and making money online .
I ’ve found some really great articles over the last few weeks .
Fresh ID is a web design and marketing firm that offers a wide variety of identity and design services .
Their blog offers a transparent work at how they do what they do .
There ’s some real nuggets of wisdom that they serve up to help you learn from a company actually doing the work .
Biznik is a community of entrepreneurs and small business owners that work together to better the good of everyone ’s business .
An excellent place to learn , network , and grow your business skills .
Getting Things Done by David Allen is one of the most recognized productivity books in the world .
The online home of GTD offers advice and recommendations for establishing and perfecting essential productivity habits .
The boost in productivity will definitely serve to better your business skill set as well as your design ability .
Personal branding , new media and digital marketing are among the topics covered by Mitch Joel on his blog about business .
Another valuable blog by Envato , the Netsetter offers advice for startups and web businesses .
Work Happy is a collecting tank for resources that aid in the business of freelance designers .
Browse through the archives for some excellent tools , tips and advice on freelancing easier and more efficiently .
Last but not least is an entire network of blogs related to all things creative .
Writing , branding , coding and more will help you increase your knowledge of anything that is currently lacking in your freelance arsenal .
Fuel Your Venture is especially helpful for anyone in startup or web business industry .
Your Turn to Talk
Where do you go to learn about the ins and outs of the business of design ?
What other resources exist to help you run and manage a business ?
Do you have any specific recommendations or reviews for these sites ?
What else have I missed ?
Share your thoughts , questions , and comments below .
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
What feds might do to counter states legalizing pot
We are now in the position where marijuana legalization has been discussed in state legislatures , and California is seriously likely to be voting on legalization this year .
And the federal government , with all it has invested in the drug war , can do little about it .
California has the full and absolute right to eliminate any of its criminal laws or penalties that it wishes , as does every other state .
Sure , federal law trumps state law , but that only means that the separate federal prohibition against marijuana remains — a prohibition that the state is in no way obligated to enforce .
Sure , the federal government could , in this day of massive federal police power ( something anathema to our founders ) , enforce federal marijuana laws on their own , but such an act would be extraordinarily costly ( financially and politically ) and quite futile .
So if states start falling to legalization and the feds want to sabotage it , what are they likely to do ?
Let ’s take a look back in history .
In 1984 , the federal government wanted to institute a 21 - year - old minimum drinking age , despite the fact that states were all over the place on the minimum age .
They could n’t require the states to do it .
So they bribed them .
The National Minimum Drinking Age
Act of 1984 used a tricky little device : “ a state not enforcing the minimum age would be subjected to a ten percent decrease in its annual federal highway apportionment . ”
By the way , the Supreme Court upheld the power of the feds to bribe states this way in South Dakota v. Dole .
And it was n’t the first time this was done .
10 years earlier , Congress passed the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation
Act requiring a national 55 mile per hour speed limit .
Again , they did n’t have the power to do it , so the way the pulled it off was to make it a requirement for a state to receive highway funds ( that was later repealed ) .
And in 1998 , the exact same technique was used to make .08 blood alcohol a national standard for determining drunk driving .
So what might we see in the future ?
My guess is an attempt to pass a national Per Se Drugged Driving Standard and enforce it through ( you guessed it ) , withholding highway funds to states who do n’t play along .
What is a “ Per Se ” drugged driving standard ?
“ Per se ” is a latin phrase meaning “ by itself ” or “ inherently . ”
In drugged driving law , it means that any detectable amount of a controlled substance is automatically evidence of “ drugged driving , ” which can result in fines , loss of driver ’s license or prison .
It is a despicable , dishonest law , particularly as it relates to marijuana , since detectable amounts of marijuana remain in your system for quite some time .
You end up punishing people for non-existent offenses , and create a perverse system of incentives .
For example , if someone smoked pot yesterday and wants to drive today , from a legal perspective they might as well toke up right before driving .
Either way , if caught , it ’s considered drugged driving .
The people most likely to be deterred by “ per se ” standards are those who would have been responsible anyway .
It ’s touted as a way to increase driving safety , but it does no such thing .
Current drug czar Kerlikowske has jumped on the drugged driving bandwagon big time , particularly with his repeated dishonest use of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) data .
He ’s willing to buck his administration ’s own scientists in order to promote the idea that drugged driving is some kind of epidemic .
And in December , Kerlikowske gave a special Guest Blog spot to Robert DuPont .
DuPont is a long - time prohibitionist who has made a fortune off drug testing .
He is also , through his Orwellian - named Institute for Behavior and Health , one of the primary advocates of “ per se ” drugged driving laws , touted at his StopDrugged Driving.org website [ Side note : that site was originally DruggedDriving.org , but they must have decided that might be misinterpreted , so they added the StopDrugged Driving url and pointed it to the original site . ]
Their description of the advantages of “ per se ” is priceless .
The benefit of a per se standard is that prosecutors do not have to meet more complex standards of guilt .
Yeah , do n’t you hate it when you actually have to prove a crime in order to jail someone .
It ’s so much easier when you can just per se so that everyone ’s automatically guilty .
There must be some other creative ways we can help prosecutors out .
Maybe we could make it so that if you ’re black , you ’re per se guilty of murder .
Think of all the work we could save !
In addition , with the per se standard drivers know that they must abstain from use of illegal drugs before getting behind the wheel of a car or face the risk of a Driving While Intoxicated ( DWI ) conviction .
No .
With the per se standard drivers have no idea how long they must have abstained from marijuana use prior to driving , and since the time is likely to be longer than any normal person could go without driving , the law will be ignored by most , leading to the outcome of being able to selectively prosecute certain “ types ” of people using per se laws to pile on charges .
So what is the likelihood of a nationally persuaded “ per se ” drugged driving law ?
Hard to say .
The Drug War Chronicle in 2004 noted an attempt to do so then in Congress , but it got some significant opposition ( states can be unhappy when given mandates like this ) .
Maybe it would n’t fly , and yet DuPont ’s website claims that almost 1/3 of states have already adopted such laws on their own .
But if some states start legalizing pot , this could easily come up again .
The feds would n’t be able to use the bribery approach to stop the states from legalizing pot , because potential tax revenue from legal pot would likely be more than any lost highway funds .
But with states legalizing pot , the feds could easily raise the fear of a sudden epidemic of drugged drivers .
( When raising the minimum drinking age to 21 , all the arguments were about road safety , even though non-drivers under 21 were prohibited from drinking as well . )
All they ’d need is some poster child — little Timmy and his mother , on their way to see Timmy ’s father returning from Afghanistan , are killed in an auto accident and the driver of the other car tests positive for drugs ( it wo n’t matter that the driver was also drunk ) .
From that point on , facts , statistics , and science will no longer matter .
This is why it is important for us to counter drugged driving stories whenever we can ( especially including the lazy , incompetent reporting of the Ashley III Halseys out there ) , and point out the dishonesty and lack of practical value inherent in “ per se ” laws .
And if all else fails , we ’ll just have to join them .
Perhaps we can push for the introduction of per se cellphone driving laws .
Makes as much sense .
It ’s tough now for law enforcement to know if the driver was actually talking on their cellphone when driving through that school zone , or if they were texting while driving .
Let ’s make it easy .
Possession or ownership of a cellphone is per se evidence of driving while texting ( enhanced penalties for possession of a Blackberry ) .
See how that flies .
Abstract
Context Autism most commonly appears by 2 to 3 years of life , at which time the brain is already abnormally large .
This raises the possibility that brain overgrowth begins much earlier , perhaps before the first clinically noticeable behavioral symptoms .
Objectives
To determine whether pathological brain overgrowth precedes the first clinical signs of autism spectrum disorder ( ASD ) and whether the rate of overgrowth during the first year is related to neuroanatomical and clinical outcome in early childhood .
Design , Setting , and Participants Head circumference ( HC ) , body length , and body weight measurements during the first year were obtained from the medical records of 48 children with ASD aged 2 to 5 years who had participated in magnetic resonance imaging studies .
Of these children , 15 ( longitudinal group ) had measurements at 4 periods during infancy : birth , 1 to 2 months , 3 to 5 months , and 6 to 14 months ; and 33 ( partial HC data group ) had measurements at birth and 6 to 14 months ( n = 7 ) , and at birth only ( n = 28 ) .
Main Outcome Measures
Age - related changes in infants with ASD who had multiple - age measurements , and the relationship of these changes to brain anatomy and clinical and diagnostic outcome at 2 to 5 years were evaluated by using 2 nationally recognized normative databases : cross-sectional normative data from a national survey and longitudinal data of individual growth .
Results Compared with normative data of healthy infants , birth HC in infants with ASD was significantly smaller ( z = – 0.66 , P <.001 ) ; after birth , HC increased 1.67 SDs and mean HC was at the 84th percentile by 6 to 14 months .
Birth HC was related to cerebellar gray matter volume at 2 to 5 years , although the excessive increase in HC between birth and 6 to 14 months was related to greater cerebral cortex volume at 2 to 5 years .
Within the ASD group , every child with autistic disorder had a greater increase in HC between birth and 6 to 14 months ( mean [ SD ] , 2.19 [ 0.98 ] ) than infants with pervasive developmental disorder - not otherwise specified ( 0.58 [ 0.35 ] ) .
Only 6 % of the individual healthy infants in the longitudinal data showed accelerated HC growth trajectories ( > 2.0 SDs ) from birth to 6 to 14 months ; 59 % of infants with autistic disorder showed these accelerated growth trajectories .
Conclusions
The clinical onset of autism appears to be preceded by 2 phases of brain growth abnormality : a reduced head size at birth and a sudden and excessive increase in head size between 1 to 2 months and 6 to 14 months .
Abnormally accelerated rate of growth may serve as an early warning signal of risk for autism .
Behavioral signs and symptoms during the second and third years of life , including delayed speech , unusual social and emotional reactions , and poor attention to and exploration of the environment , raise warnings that a child might have autism .
1- 5
Autism is a neurobiological disorder , 6 - 8 and neurobiological abnormalities must necessarily precede the first behavioral expressions of the disorder .
However , such neurobiological early warning signs have not yet been discovered for autism .
Knowledge of such signs could lead to objective , quantifiable , and reliable clinical tests for autism ; earlier identification and intervention ; and eventually insight into the original causes and / or mechanisms present at the earliest stages of the disorder .
One neurobiological abnormality , increased brain volume , is detectable at an age when clinical signs are becoming apparent .
9
Ninety percent of 2 - and 3 - year - old children had brain volumes larger than the healthy average , 9 as well as abnormally large head circumferences ( HCs ) .10 Another study reported that brain size in 4 - year - old children with autism exceeded the healthy average .
11 Excessive brain size was primarily due to increased white matter volumes in the cerebellum and cerebrum9 and increased gray matter volume in the cerebrum , within which frontal lobes were most abnormal .
12 A discriminant function analysis revealed that 95 % of 2 - to 5 - year - old children with autism were separately classified from children without autism based on cerebral and cerebellar magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) volume measurements ( N.A. , unpublished data , March 2003 ) .
Whether pathological brain overgrowth precedes , co-occurs with , or follows the onset of the first clinical behavioral signs of autism is unknown .
Given that HC throughout the first years of life is an accurate index of brain size , 13 - 15 an important observation is that birth HCs in children with autism are not abnormally large .
9,16 - 18 Because excessive brain size is not present at birth but is present by 2 to 3 years , 9 this overgrowth must begin sometime between these 2 ages .
In this study , we aimed to determine whether pathological brain overgrowth precedes the first behavioral expressions of autism and whether abnormal growth trajectories predict the neuroanatomical and clinical outcomes of children with autism .
To establish relationships between growth during infancy and later neuroanatomical outcome , we included all 2 - to 5 - year - old children with an autism spectrum disorder ( ASD ) , which included autistic disorder ( AD , more severe form of ASD ) and pervasive developmental disorder - not otherwise specified ( PDD - NOS , milder form of ASD ) , on whom we had quantitative MRI measurements ( R.C. , unpublished data , May 2003 ; N.A. , unpublished data , March 2003 ) 9,10,12,19 and requested birth and first year HC measurements from each child 's medical records .
Due to variability in procedures across pediatricians , the exact ages at which HC was measured varied from patient to patient .
Because medical records for some patients were unavailable and others did not include regular HC measurements , our final sample size was about half that of our original MRI study sample .
Despite the confines imposed by such a design , our study had a number of significant strengths .
First , the critical HC measurement was obtained in an unbiased fashion .
The measurements were recorded by medical staff in ordinary clinics , not clinics specializing in suspected developmental disorders .
These individuals were unaware that the infants would develop an ASD .
The measurements were recorded by different individuals , which eliminates the possibility of any systematic error in measurement biasing the results .
The methods and individuals involved in acquiring infant HC and developmental outcome brain size on MRI were also completely independent of each other .
Second , our study is a contemporary sample of children with ASD now being observed in clinics .
Third , our sample was diagnosed with rigorous contemporary methodology by using a prospective , longitudinal diagnostic follow - up design .
Full descriptions of this design have been published previously . 9
By using a sample of children with ASD on whom we had MRI data , we were in the unique position to examine relationships between HC changes during the first year and MRI - based measurements of the brain at a later developmental age , namely 2 to 5 years .
To establish at what ages HC in infants with ASD differs from that in healthy infants , we compared our HC measurements of children with ASD to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) growth charts of the United States .
20
To determine how often healthy developing infants show extreme growth deviations in HC during the first year and whether longitudinal growth trajectories differ between individual healthy infants and those with ASD , we compared our longitudinal HC measurements from infants with ASD to those available from a nationally recognized , contemporary cohort of healthy infants .
21
Methods
The study was approved by the institutional review board of San Diego Children 's Hospital Research Center .
All participants were recruited from community advertisements and referrals , and informed consent was obtained from the parents of the children .
Participants
A total of 48 children with ASD aged 2 to 5 years participated ; 92 % of them were white .
Each had been a participant in previous MRI studies reporting age - related changes in the brain in autism ( R.C. , unpublished data , May 2003 ; N.A. , unpublished data , March 2003 ) .
9,12,19
The diagnosis of ASD was based on multiple criteria as previously described , 9 resulting in a conservative selection of participants that would be expected to lead to better agreement than clinical diagnosis alone .
22
All children met inclusionary criteria for the diagnosis of AD or PDD - NOS based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , Fourth Edition23 ; the Autism Diagnostic Interview24 or the Autism Diagnostic Interview–Revised25 ; and the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule .26
For 1 child , the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule was not completed , but a diagnosis of AD was made based on clinical observation , the Autism Diagnostic Interview–Revised , and collateral records .
Of the total 48 children with ASD , 40 met criteria for AD and 8 for PDD - NOS .
Diagnostic and IQ data at the age of MRI scan ( ages 2 - 5 years ) are given in Table 1 .
All patients were full term at birth and negative for fragile - X , except 9 who did not receive this test .
Patients with concurrent medical conditions were excluded .
HC Data
Physicians , clinics , and hospitals involved in the treatment of each of the 48 children with ASD were contacted to obtain all available medical records containing clinical HC , length , and weight measurements .
Of the 48 patients with ASD , 15 ( 12 males and 3 females ) had pediatric HC measurements at 4 age periods : birth , 1 to 2 months ( mean [ SD ] age , 1.6 [ 0.5 ] months ) , 3 to 5 months ( 4.2 [ 0.6 ] months ) , and 6 to 14 months ( 10.6 [ 2.6 ] months ) and were termed the longitudinal group .
The remaining 33 children ( 29 males and 4 females ) were termed the partial HC data group because they had HC measurements at birth and 6 to 14 months ( n = 7 ) and at birth only ( n = 28 ) .
Also , 2 did not have a birth HC measurement but did have an HC measurement at 2 weeks of age .
Birth HC , body length , and body weight did not significantly differ between the longitudinal and partial HC data groups ( Table 2 ) .
However , birth HC was significantly smaller in both ASD groups compared with the CDC average of healthy infants ( longitudinal group : z = – 0.66 , t 14 = – 3.94 , P = .001 ; partial HC data group : z = – 0.41 , t 32 = – 3.07 , P = .004 ) .
In contrast , neither length nor weight of all infants were smaller than the CDC averages of healthy infants .
Clinical and MRI Characteristics of Longitudinal and Partial HC Data Groups
To further determine whether those infants who had their head frequently measured by their pediatrician differed from those infants who did not , we compared clinical and MRI characteristics of the longitudinal and partial HC data groups ( Table 2 and Table 3 ) .
t
Tests revealed that there were no significant group differences with any of these clinical or MRI variables .
Statistical Analyses and Normative Databases
Statistical analyses were carried out by using SPSS statistical software version 10 ( SPSS Inc , Chicago , Ill ) ; P≤.05 was considered statistically significant .
Head circumference , length , and weight measurements were normalized across sex and age by converting to z scores based on the CDC averages of healthy infants .20 Head circumference data from 51 infants born between 1980 and 2001 from the Fels Longitudinal Study21 were made available to us for comparison with the ASD sample .
The infants from the Fels Longitudinal Study included 26 males and 25 females and were a subset of the more extensive Fels Longitudinal Study sample .
All were white infants recruited from middle - class families in southwestern Ohio .
Results
HC Growth During the First Year
The Longitudinal Group vs CDC Data .
To identify when during the first year HC in infants with ASD deviated significantly from averages of healthy infants , data from the longitudinal group were compared with the CDC data .
A repeated measures analysis of variance of HC z scores at birth , 1 to 2 months , 3 to 5 months , and 6 to 14 months showed a statistically significant effect of age ( F 3,42 = 16.87 , P<.001 ) .
This age - related change was because of a sudden increase in HC measurement beginning after 1 to 2 months ( Figure 1 ) .
Follow - up analyses showed that HC was significantly smaller than healthy measurements at birth ( z = – 0.66 , 25th percentile ) .
However , between 1 to 2 months and 3 to 5 months , HC increased by 0.66 SDs to a mean z score of 0.18 ; between 3 to 5 months and 6 to 14 months , HC increased by 0.83 SDs to a mean z score of 1.01 .
Between birth and 6 to 14 months of age , the mean HC of infants with ASD increased from the 25th to the 84th percentile , an increase of 1.67 SDs .
Body length and weight at birth and 1 to 2 months were not significantly smaller than averages of healthy infants , and at 3 to 5 months and 6 to 14 months were not significantly larger than averages of healthy infants ; therefore , none of the significant HC deviations from healthy averages in the infants were explained by differences in body length and body weight at any of the 4 age groups .
Nine of these 15 longitudinal group infants also had at least 1 pediatric HC measurement between 15 and 28 months ( mean [ SD ] , 19.22 [ 4.38 ] ) .
Although HC at this age range was significantly greater than the CDC data of healthy infants ( mean [ SD ] z score , 1.10 [ 1.12 ] , 86th percentile ) , it was not a statistically significant increase over the mean z score for HC at 6 to 14 months .
Longitudinal Changes in Infants With ASD vs Individual Fels Longitudinal Study Infants .
Of the 51 Fels Longitudinal Study infants , only 6 had pediatric HC measurements at the same 4 age periods as the longitudinal group ; therefore , a within - participant longitudinal comparison to our longitudinal group infants at 4 age periods was not possible .
However , 31 of the Fels Longitudinal Study infants had 1 HC measurement at birth to 2 months ( mean [ SD ] , 0.4 [ 0.6 ] months ) and a second at 6 to 14 months ( 10.1 [ 1.5 ] months ) .
Seven infants with ASD from the partial HC data group who had both birth and 6 to 14 month HC measurements were added to the longitudinal sample , providing a total of 22 infants with ASD with HC measurements at 2 similar age periods , namely , birth and 6 to 14 months ( 10.3 [ 2.7 ] months ) .
The HC measurements from the 31 Fels Longitudinal Study infants were converted to z scores based on the CDC averages of healthy infants ; however , the birth HC in the CDC averages of healthy infants were based entirely on the Fels Longitudinal Study data set , and the CDC averages for HC at all other age periods were based on a national survey collected separately from and independently of the Fels Longitudinal Study data .
Comparison of the 31 Fels Longitudinal Study infants and the 22 infants with ASD showed that the increase in HC between birth and 6 to 14 months was significantly greater for the infants with ASD ( ASD vs Fels Longitudinal Study infants : mean ( SD ) z score , 1.82 [ 1.11 ] vs 0.76 [ 0.74 ] ; t 51 = 4.18 ; P<.001 ) .
Measurements at Birth vs Later Clinical Indices and MRI Measurements
A priori hypotheses9 suggested that the magnitude of brain changes of abnormal nature during infancy in autism might be related to later clinical and brain size outcome .
To test this hypothesis , the 2 main HC effects ( ie , reduced birth HC and the HC increase during infancy ) were used .
To increase statistical power , the infants with ASD ( n = 22 ) who had both birth and 6 to 14 month HC measurements were examined .
Clinical Indices .
A median split was performed on the birth HC of these infants , resulting in 1 subgroup with a mean ( SD ) birth HC z score of – 1.27 ( 0.44 ) ( 10th percentile ) and another with a z score of 0.07 ( 0.46 ) ( 53rd percentile ) .
A median split was also performed on the birth to 6 to 14 month HC increase in these infants , resulting in 1 subgroup with an HC increase of 0.94 ( 0.48 ) ( 73rd percentile ) and another with an HC increase of 2.71 ( 0.79 ) ( 97th percentile ) .
Among patients with functional language , smaller birth HC was associated with a worse verbal score on the Autism Diagnostic Interview ( 19.6 vs 14.4 ; t 10 = 2.81 ; P = .02 ) .
A greater increase in HC measurement during infancy was associated with a significantly worse score on the stereotyped and repetitive behaviors scale of the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule ( 3.6 vs 2.0 ; t 20 = – 2.21 ; P = .04 ) ; a strong trend toward a later age of onset for first words ( 44 vs 30 months ; t 15 = – 2.00 ; P = .06 ) ; and a trend toward a higher score on the Childhood Autism Rating Scale , 27 a clinical index of the severity of autistic symptoms ( 38 vs 31 ; t 20 = – 1.93 ; P = .07 ) .
MRI Outcome .
Table 4 shows correlations between HC measurements in the first year and quantitative MRI measurements of the brain at 2 to 5 years .
Only male infants were considered in analyses of MRI outcome measurement .
Smaller birth HC was significantly correlated with smaller cerebellar gray matter volumes in childhood after controlling for age at MRI ( r = 0.53 ; df = 14 ; P = .04 ) ; a strong trend was observed for cerebellar white matter volume ( r = 0.49 ; df = 14 ; P = .06 ) .
Birth HC was not significantly correlated with any cerebral measures .
Conversely , a greater increase in HC during the first year was significantly correlated with greater cerebral gray matter , whole brain gray matter , and whole brain volumes ( all correlations r≥0.48 ; df = 15 ; P≤.03 ) but not with any white matter measures or cerebellar measures ( Table 4 ) .
Additionally , HC measurements at 6 to 14 months was significantly correlated with greater cerebral gray matter ( Figure 2 ) , cerebral white matter , whole brain gray matter , whole brain white matter , whole brain volumes ( all correlations r≥0.54 ; df = 15 ; P≤.03 ) , and cerebellar gray matter ( r = 0.54 ; df = 14 ; P = .05 ) ( Table 4 ) .
AD vs PDD - NOS Outcome .
Among the 22 infants with ASD with both birth and 6 to 14 month HC measurements , 17 were diagnosed with AD and 5 with PDD - NOS .
Birth HC measurements of mean ( SD ) z score were not significantly different between the 2 groups ( AD : – 0.55 [ 0.83 ] , 29th percentile ; PDD - NOS : – 0.48 [ 0.83 ] , 32nd percentile ) .
However , there was a striking difference in the HC measurement increase because from birth to 6 to 14 months , the infants with AD increased 2.19 ( 0.98 ) , reaching the 95th percentile , while the infants with PDD - NOS increased only 0.58 ( 0.35 ) , reaching only the 54th percentile ( Figure 3 ) .
Furthermore , for 71 % of the infants with AD , the magnitude of the increase was greater than 1.5 SDs with 59 % of the infants having increases between 2.0 and 4.3 SDs .
None of the infants with PDD - NOS had increases more than 1.0 SDs .
Among the 31 healthy Fels Longitudinal Study infants in our analyses , only 9 % had increases of more than 1.5 SDs , with 6 % having increases of more than 2.0 SDs .
As a result of the large increase in HC by 6 to 14 months , 15 ( 88 % ) of the 17 infants with AD had HC values that exceeded the 87th percentile ( z ≥ 1.15 ) and 9 ( 53 % ) of 17 were at or above the 97th percentile ( z≥ 1.87 ) .
Figure 4 shows the growth curve for the male infants with AD ( 14 of the total 17 ) relative to the CDC 10th , 50th , and 90th percentile curves for healthy male infants ; all HC measurements at birth , 1 to 2 months , 3 to 5 months , and 6 to 14 months from these 14 male infants with AD were used to calculate the best fit curve .
Comment
This is the first study to our knowledge to find a potential early warning neurobiological sign for autism and to link it to a later brain abnormality .
Specifically , we found a rapid and excessive increase in HC measurements , and therefore , presumably , brain size , beginning several months after birth .
This abnormally accelerated rate of increase in HC measurements in infants with ASD was evident in comparisons to 2 nationally recognized normative databases , one a national cross-sectional survey and the other a longitudinal study of growth patterns in healthy infants .
In our study , head size increased from the 25th percentile based on the CDC averages of healthy infants to the 84th percentile in 6 to 14 months .
This excessive increase occurred well before the typical onset of clinical behavioral symptoms .
Moreover , this increase by the end of the first year was strongly correlated with greater cerebral and cerebellar volumes by 2 to 5 years of age .
These results suggest that growth dysregulation in 2 major cortices and underlying white matter in the brain underlies the increase in HC .
The cellular bases of the brain volume increases remains to be determined and could reflect any of a number of possibilities , including excessive numbers or rates of growth of neurons and / or glial cells , excessive numbers of minicolumns , excessive and premature expansion of dendritic and axonal arbors , excessive numbers of axonal connections , and / or premature myelination .
The causes also remain to be identified and could reflect an abnormal acceleration of postnatal growth processes or a failure of late prenatal and early postnatal regressive processes .
The brain volume increases could also reflect either aberrant compensatory responses to adverse prenatal conditions or deviant biological mechanisms that are first expressed in early postnatal life .
Events and conditions , such as measles , mumps , and rubella vaccinations , childhood exposure to environmental toxins or pathogens , or unusual gastrointestinal or allergic reactions to food , that occur after the overgrowth are not logically plausible as causes .
Although some may argue that such later occurring events might be important as aggravating factors , the key question remains — what triggers the abnormal brain overgrowth in the first months of life initially ?
In our study , this overgrowth was also a reliable neurobiological phenomenon among the children with AD within our sample of infants with ASD .
Among the infants who have the more severe form of autism , 71 % showed increases during their first year of more than 1.5 SDs , with 59 % showing increases between 2.0 and 4.3 SDs .
Such high percentages were not observed in the typically developing infants in the Fels Longitudinal Study sample .
Our sample of infants with ASD also included a very small number of children with PDD - NOS , a milder condition of autism .
In contrast with the children with AD , all of the children with PDD - NOS showed small increases , in which their HC measurement increased from less than the 50th percentile up to the 54th percentile .
This contrast between infants with the more and less severe forms of autism is compatible with our previous hypothesis9 that an earlier onset , faster rate , and longer period of excessive brain growth might be associated with poorer outcome ( eg , AD ) , and the converse , later onset , slower rate , and shorter period of excessive growth , might be associated with a better outcome ( eg , PDD - NOS ) .
Larger samples of infants with ASD will be needed to further support this clinically and neurobiologically relevant hypothesis .
Our analyses of the Fels Longitudinal Study data suggest that although extreme HC measurement increases may occur occasionally in healthy developing infants , they are much less common ( 6 % of cases ) than in infants later diagnosed with AD ( 59 % of cases ) .
Aberrantly excessive head size in infants may also occur in disorders , such as hydrocephalus , benign megalencepaly , tumor , and subdural hematoma ; therefore , it is important for physicians to rule out these types of conditions via physical , imaging , and biological examinations .
Although an abnormally large increase in HC in an infant cannot be viewed as a certain and unique marker of autism , it nonetheless does appear to be an important signal that an infant is at significantly heightened risk for the disorder .
If further research verifies this result , it may become an important observation in the clinic alerting the physician to the need for follow - up tests for possible autism .
Further research may identify a combination of biological ( eg , biochemical , MRI , genetic ) and behavioral signs that together compose an accurate and early diagnostic prognosis , which might make it possible to begin treatment 2 or 3 years earlier than is now commonly the protocol .
However , as demonstrated by some animal models ( eg , monocular deprivation ) 32 and human disorders ( eg , phenylketonuria ) 33 of brain development , a substantially improved outcome can result from appropriate interventions begun before aberrant neural circuit configuration and function have been irreversibly established .
Similarily , identifying novel early treatments for autism should result in a better outcome than is currently possible .
There appear to be at least 4 phases of brain growth in autism .
The first phase involves a slight undergrowth of the prenatal brain because , at birth , the average HC measurement is at the 25th percentile .
This is not due to overall decreases in prenatal body growth because body length and weight at birth are not less than the values of healthy infants .
Although the brain volume decrease at birth is small , it coincides with speculations about prenatal neural defects inferred from adult autistic postmortem brains .
6,34 - 40
The second growth phase involves the rapid and large overgrowth within the first year described in the current study .
The third phase appears to last about 2 to 4 years , during which the overall rate of brain growth slows , so that by ages 4 to 5 years , brain size in autism reaches its near maximum .
9
Importantly , this maximum brain size in young children with autism ( approximately 1350 mL ) is similar to that achieved by healthy children ( approximately 1360 mL ) , but about 8 years too soon .
9
The fourth phase involves a gradual decline in overall brain size and extends from middle or late childhood through to adulthood .
By adolescence and adulthood , brain size in autism is not significantly different from the healthy average .
9,10
A new MRI study of 8 - to 46 - year - old patients with autism and healthy patients has confirmed that the brain in autism is only slightly larger than average size by late childhood , and that by adolescence and adulthood , it does not differ significantly in size .
41
The evidence indicates , therefore , that autism is a disorder involving a transient period of postnatal pathologically rapid brain growth .
Only during the very first years of postnatal life in autism is the brain abnormally enlarged and not before ( eg , at birth ) or after ( eg , adolescence and adulthood ) .
There are exceptions to this rule .
Of the 48 infants with ASD in our study , 2 had birth HC measurements at more than the 80th percentile .
There also are rare cases of autism in which brain volumes of infants exceed all healthy patients of all age groups .
9,42
This early , yet transient , period of brain overgrowth must be an important factor in causing the emergence of autistic behavior because it occurs at the beginning of an important period of developmental neuroplasticity and learning .
Evidence from studies of developmental neuroplasticity 32,43 - 49 leads to the conclusion that the developing human brain is designed to benefit from an extended period of experience - guided growth .
The long period of plasticity provides the opportunity for a multitude of experiences in the form of sensations , emotions , thoughts , and actions to direct axonal and dendritic growth , and to create , reinforce , or eliminate synapses as needed .
Such extended experience - guided growth inevitably leads to the emergence of refined higher order neurobehavioral functions , such as those cognitive , emotional , linguistic , and motor skills necessary for understanding and actively socially engaging others .
In autism , the brain may compress for a short time an amount of overall growth that takes many years in typically developing children to unfold .
9,12,50 - 54
Thus , there is aberrantly rapid and disordered growth without guidance that produces in too short a time too many connections that may not be adaptive .
Faced with the neural noise that would be the result of such rapidly changing aberrant connections , the infant would lose the ability to make sense of its world and withdraw .
Not until later , when the excessive growth rate slows , would the now autistic child have a chance to use experience - guided processes to select whatever connections might still be useful and to eliminate those that are not .
By that time , however , the extended period of plasticity that allows the exquisite and graceful complexity of the human brain to emerge will have passed .
There is large literature emphasizing the heterogeneity , particularly of behavioral outcome , in autism .
Yet , in the current study , 76 % of the children with AD had HC measurements below the 50th percentile at birth , 88 % showed early postnatal brain overgrowth with HC measurements exceeding the 87th percentile by 6 to 14 months , and 59 % showed extreme ( > 2.0 SD ) increases during the first year .
In other studies of autism , 95 % of cases had elevated blood levels of brain growth factors at birth55 ; more than 95 % of cases have cerebellar pathology 6,35 - 37,39 ; more than 95 % of 2 - to 5 - year - old patients were correctly distinguished from healthy measurements on the basis of only cerebellar and cerebral white matter volumes ( N.A. , unpublished data , March 2003 ) ; and 100 % of cases have increased neuron packing density in limbic structures .
36 Such biological consistencies , along with the relatively uniform onset age and excessive rate of brain growth reported in the current study , raise the interesting possibility that some biological factors leading to autism might be similar across the majority of patients .
Perhaps the outcome heterogeneity might have more to do with the multitude of genetic and nongenetic background factors that differ between patients .
In conclusion , our study found evidence of neonatal brain undergrowth followed by rapid and excessive postnatal brain growth beginning in the first few months that precedes the clinical behavioral onset of autism .
The degree , rate , and / or duration of the overgrowth may be related to neuroanatomical and clinical outcome .
The HC overgrowth in infants later diagnosed with AD holds potential for clinical application because it is early , rapid , substantial , common across patients , and may eventually prove to be distinctive from other forms of head and brain enlargement , and also because its detection is simple , inexpensive , noninvasive , objective , and reliable .
The existence of such a pronounced biological early warning signal , if confirmed by future studies , offers hope that the causes will be equally pronounced leading to very early diagnosis and effective biological intervention or even prevention of autism .
The first day of Camp KDE is behind us , with the first of the many presentations being well attended .
A full summary of the talks lives behind the break , and videos will be online shortly .
If you are in the San Diego region , feel free to join us for Camp KDE for talks and training .
Saturday , the first day of Camp KDE 2010 in San Diego , started with a short introduction by Jeff Mitchell .
Jeff , who was the principal organizer of the conference , introduced us to a bit of history about Camp KDE and then went into some statistics about the KDE community .
The conclusion was that if we maintain our current rate of growth we 'll have about 6 billion developers by 2050 .
Continuing with this theme , he spoke about current topics in KDE such as the migration to Git and the upcoming release of KDE SC 4.4 .
Jeff then introduced the talks to follow , including the work on KDE - on - Windows , KOffice and KDE technology on mobile devices .
Preparing presentations at the Hostel Preparing presentations at the Hostel
The next year should be an exciting time and will see many improvements to user - visible parts of what we do .
Seeing the publicity from several major news outlets lately , like IT News Today , CNET and Linux Journal , it 's clear our vision is now being picked up more widely .
People are starting to realize where we 're going .
This will bring in more interested developers who want to be on the cutting edge of innovative technology - and the KDE community is that spot .
At the end , a big thanks went to the sponsors : Collabora , froglogic , Google , KDAB , Nokia Qt Development Frameworks , UCSD , KDE e.V .
Also thanked were the other people who helped Jeff organize the event like web developer and camera magician Leo Franchi , artist - ninja Eugene Trounev and UCSD liasion and swiss armyknife Andrew Huyng who functioned as the local team .
Philip Bourne on Open Data
Professor Philip Bourne followed with the opening keynote about open data .
Philip Bourne is a computational biologist , the 2009 Benjamin Franklin Award winner and a leading advocate of open access to data .
He 's been around IT for over 13 years , when he became a teacher and researcher in computational biology .
Currently his team distributes an amount of scientific data equivalent to a quarter of the Library of Congress each month .
Philip Bourne is a big advocate of openness , both for source code and data .
Especially when it comes to data gathered and code written with public money it is simply wrong to let it become proprietary .
He believes openness has big advantages for any type of content as it promotes learning and growth and does not discriminate .
Because of these ideas he got involved with the Public Library of Science , a project to free scientific data and papers .
Philip strongly underlined something he considers crucial for sustainable free and open development ( be it code or data ) : a good business model .
With that he is not talking about a monetary model per se , but at least something which rewards people and gives them a reason to contribute to keep things going .
Without such a model , or rather a variety of models surrounding a community working on something , it will not stay the same forever .
There is a huge risk of commercial interests taking everything over at some point - as has happened with most scientific communities .
Fifty years ago code was freely shared , as was data .
Magazines were cheap , and everyone had access to the data used in scientific research .
Philip presented us with a graph showing the costs of science journals for universities over the last 50 years , going from almost zero to many hundreds of millions per year .
It does n't make sense if you think about it - the researchers who wrote the articles are paid by taxpayers to write them , and review each others ' articles for free as well .
Why do we pay so much for this ?
Welcoming Dragon Welcoming Dragon
The professor is now working with a variety of organizations and people to improve the way science is disseminated and comprehended .
Philip believes that through openness we can increase the number of people interested in and involved with science .
This way we can not just increase the amount of available data but also increase our knowledge development .
As Phillips put it : " I believe open access , if broadly accepted , could change the way education works . "
An important key to openness is licensing .
Pubmed uses creative commons , requiring all data to be available freely online , unrestricted and in a variety of formats .
Copyright will , however , remain with the author and if you use the data attribution has to be given to the original authors .
An important goal behind this is the ability to do mashups .
Following the popularity of Youtube , Scivee.tv , a scientific web 2.0 video site has been developed .
It provides a mashup between video , papers , and other content .
The author talks about his paper , and while he talks the site will show the content being discussed .
And it works the other way around - if something in the paper is unclear , you can click it and the video will move to that point .
A more recent topic is the use of semantic tagging and linking , where a paper can become an interface to a huge mountain of related knowledge .
Currently Philip is looking for ways of integrating semantic tagging in the process of scientific writing , as well as developing proper incentives to motivate the authors to do this .
Finalizing his talk , he reminded us of his three take - home points .
Openness is not dependent on content type , it needs a sustainable business model , and it promotes new ways of learning and comprehension .
Distributing Free Software
The usual public
The usual public
After the keynote , Helio Chissini de Castro and Will Stephenson took the stage to talk about the work distributions are doing .
The first talk was by Helio and covered the work distributions are doing .
Lately co-operation is the big thing in the distro world - each faces the same or similar issues , and talking about that with each other simply solves them faster .
A win-win for all involved parties .
Distributions have always had a hard time working with upstream , and Helio simply points out that the only way to do it successfully is to be persistent , maybe even annoying at times , and keep the pressure on .
Helio then moved on to his thoughts about the future for distros .
Desktops are not the only devices anymore .
KDE is very well prepared for this - we 've built an infrastructure to quickly build an unique interface - exactly what device manufacturers want .
They do n't all want the same interface but they can build something unique themselves .
KDE gives them the tools to do this effectively , which provides a great opportunity for distributions .
Will - packager and developer at openSUSE - then took over , explaining why free software will be very successful and why we 're in the right spot to be part of it .
He started with what distributions do - selecting software , deciding on versions , splitting up , integrating things , preconfiguring software , maintaining and stabilizing applications and finally packaging it all and adding their own infrastructure to manage it including hardware configuration and an installation tool .
They triage and fix bugs for upstream .
They also find and fix security issues .
Distributions gather input from users and communicate it back to upstream , and work on legal issues and licenses .
Last but not least , distributions provide services like multi-year support and maintenance and help with corporate deployments to their customers .
After an exhausting list of challenges you 'll bump into while developing distributions ,
Will began painting on the whiteboard and going through the history of distributions and their work .
He stressed that we have to work together with distributions , take each other 's situation into account and work within the social web we belong to .
The problem is that we can only do so much with limited resources , and our success up to this point has driven end user expectations higher and higher to the point where we will not be able to keep pace .
There are three potential solutions to this :
1. Reduce expectations
2. Stop working on this and surrender to the web
3 . Turn more users into contributors
Of course we should focus on the third option - get more resources in and simply become better .
The demands and skills are there , but we 'll have to work on it and do more with them .
This conclusion quickly turned into a discussion with the whole room on how we can bring in new contributors .
Relaxed presentation skills demonstrated by Will Relaxed presentation skills demonstrated by Will
Coding with patterns
Usability specialist Celeste Lyn Paul wanted to help the attendees to learn a bit about designing interfaces .
She started to explain how we , as humans , follow and easily recognize patterns and those can be used by developers to make their applications easier to learn and use .
A design pattern is a recurring set of widgets , functionality or interactions which are found throughout software and across the environment .
Celeste showed a few examples of how we 're doing this right , for example with search dialogs in Okular , Konqueror and Dolphin .
They are not exactly the same but follow the same pattern , doing what it is supposed to do - helping the user comprehend what is going on and what the possibilities are .
Patterns create consistency and we need more of that in our KDE software .
Bringing certain patterns , pieces of functionality , in libraries and reusing it all over our software is what Celeste heavily advocates .
Celeste then moved on to giving a few examples of patterns she has been working on with developers .
The first example was the Get Hot New Stuff interface , our easy interface to add online content to applications .
She showed how the button for Get Hot New Stuff is different among many applications .
Most show the GHNS icon and phrase the text in a similar way : " Get New xxxxx " .
But several omit the icon , and use different wording like " download more files " and things like that .
Celeste has therefore designed a short specification of how this item is supposed to look .
That way , application developers can take advantage of the pattern to keep KDE applications consistent .
A second example was with rich information lists .
She showed a number of lists found in various applications , went through the items on there and pointed out the differences and inconsistencies .
Some have actions ( which all look and work differently ) , font sizes differ , icon and descriptions exist in some cases but not others .
Again she provided recommendations to promote consistency , yet allow for all the different requirements for all uses of a rich information list .
She finished her presentation with a call for volunteers , both to help work on identifying other scenarios where this happens in KDE software and also to work on developing reusable classes so that each new application which uses a similar design pattern ( lists , GHNS , etc ) does so in a consistent way .
KDE 's youngest contributor KDE 's youngest contributor
Free Software Jobs
After Celeste 's talk Alexandra Leisse and Till Adam ( barefoot ! ) took the stage .
Their subject was discussing how participating in open source provides a unique opportunity to try new things and maybe even totally change directions in your career .
They went through their own history , explaining the kind of strange places they started out ( theater for Alexandra , rock music for Till ) - ending up in Free Software .
Both lives used to work out - but around 25 - 30 they decided they wanted something else and ended up at software consultancy ( Till ) and community management ( Alexandra ) .
They admit they never learned what they are doing right now - basically , as Till said , we just fake it ...
You need certain skills , of course .
Like being able to deal with Divas , how to improvise , be disciplined and deliver under pressure .
Be willing , eager actually , to learn .
Not to be afraid of making mistakes .
Be willing to wait and continue working on something until it finally pays off .
Interesting thing ( also true in this room ) : there are a lot of musicians in Free Software , even though these skills can be found in many other professions .
All these things and more make Free Software contributors stand out of the crowd and be different .
What is it that the drones lack ?
We as FOSS people can bring something to organizations .
Things like a strong attention to detail - does this fit , is everyone on the same page here ?
We 're not just willing to deal with but can fanatically embrace uncertainty - be flexible to an incredible extent .
We also have a feeling for opportunities , we spot where we can go and what is possible .
And finally , we often have pretty good people skills , especially for engineers .
Basically , Till argued that in Free Software you can be whatever you want .
No matter how little or how much you know , if you put the effort in , you can learn and become something .
It is a great place to grow and become more .
When you enter and become a part of the Free Software community , you build up connections with a large number of people which presents an incredible number of opportunities .
The whole community can not only help you learn and become what you want , it can help you get in contact with the right people , and provide a platform to present yourself and build up a reputation .
You can present your skills and experience - and you should .
Till one - ups Will , and takes off his shoes
Till one - ups Will , and takes off his shoes
An important principle to keep in mind is the Halfling - Dragon principle : " If you find yourself in the company of a halfling and an ill - tempered dragon , remember that you do not have to outrun the dragon ; you simply have to outrun the halfling . "
Oh , and musicians are welcome at KDAB and Nokia !
At 15:30 it was Snack Time .
Jeff had organized a variety of snacks , from potato chips and sodas to some nuts and dried fruit .
Everyone slowly moved to the tables with food and drinks , while others went for the much needed nicotine .
Contributing as a non-developer
Justin Kirby then spoke about contributing if you 're not a developer .
He 's been using KDE for many years but never really figured out how to help , as the typical path to contribution is writing code , which was not something he was interested in .
At Akademy in July 2009 he finally became involved in marketing .
He gave a quick overview of what areas you can contribute to without coding , and how it helps - from taking care of things a developer would otherwise have to do to simply adding something which would never have been done if you did n't do it .
Justin then went through six different types of jobs that anyone can do for KDE without knowing a single thing about writing code , and then provided specific places to look and people to contact in order to help out .
He started out with documentation , explaining that anyone who uses KDE software is capable of helping out with adding or updating content in the KDE Forums that cover the basics .
He then talked about how you can help developers out by filing bugs when you find them and by getting involved with bug triage .
The easiest way to get started with this is to participate in a current Promo tasks to be done on their wiki page .
All of these things are something that any KDE user could easily help with in their spare time .
Justin espouses contributors , contributors , contributors Justin espouses contributors , contributors , contributors
He then talked about how people with expertise in areas like graphic design or artwork could become a KDE Artist .
This team helps out regularly with designing logos , icons , themes , and things that help shape the identity of our software .
For those who have experience in usability or interface design there is also the KDE Usability Project which aims to provide feedback to developers on how to make their applications more usable .
Last but not least , he talked about how all users should help out with supporting their fellow community members .
He mentioned that this is often somewhat distribution - specific but that everyone can help out with answering questions on forums , or share tips on using KDE where possible ( blogs , microblogging , etc ) .
He stressed that helping users fix problems is what ensures they continue to be a user of KDE and hopefully a contributor at some point as well .
Marketing in the KDE community
Your author presented the KDE marketing efforts , explained what they do and how the team currently works .
He proceeded to talk about the many challenges the team faces and the opportunities there are to do more and better .
The talk finished off with some discussion and the usual call for getting involved .
Many of the plans and ideas can be found on the wiki - a good starting place for those interested in joining the team .
Plasmalicious user experience
Artur Duque de Souza ended the day with his talk about users and what they want from software .
The answer to that , as he described it , is that people just want to get things done and they do n't care how it happens .
They just want it to be simple to get the job done .
For this reason , developing software is all about user experience - but this experience has to be designed differently when creating KDE Software for netbooks and mobile devices .
Artur in action Artur in action
The work by the Plasma team on getting the KDE Desktop ready for a variety of user interfaces plays a big role here .
Working on the netbook interface the plasma team learned you have to create different UIs for different devices in order to continue to make life easy for the user .
Another thing they learned is that some applications simply do not work on a small screen - they have to cram too much information on the screen .
If KDE software moves to an even wider range of devices , work has to be put into different UIs for different devices .
However , the approach of the team , starting with design and then moving on to coding has been paying off , and Plasma is quickly becoming a key player in the workspace market .
In the end , the big thing we learned is that Qt Everywhere pretty much means KDE Everywhere .
But we need to focus on the design differences that arise on all these mediums and create a great user experience on all devices !
This talk concluded the day .
Everyone then went off to either get some sleep ( it was a tiring day ) or have food and drink and talk a bit more .
Details of the following days will be posted shortly .
It was bad enough last month watching Washington politicians merrily flying off to the U.N. climate change Conference of Parties in Copenhagen ( or COP - 15 for short ) , ostensibly to draft a global - warming treaty , when all the players knew that no meaningful pact would result and the only sure outcome was that much energy would be squandered .
Now comes the sticker shock .
When CBS News reporter Sharyl Attkisson dug into the latest House expenses filing for the climate confab , she found that the cost for a hotel room for the delegation of 15 Democratic and six Republican members of Congress and 38 staffers was $ 2,200 per person per day - more than most Americans spend on their monthly mortgage .
In addition , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and other members flew on three military planes at an estimated cost of $ 168,000 .
Many staffers , however , flew on commercial airlines at fares ranging from $ 4,163 to $ 10,038 .
The tab for the House delegation - not including the military planes - was $ 553,564 .
We still do not know the price tag for the 60 - plus administration officials who , like President Obama , attended the summit .
Ditto the bill for the two senators - John Kerry , D - Mass . , and James Inhofe , R - Okla . - and 30 - plus Senate aides .
I asked Pelosi spokesman Drew Hammill about the $ 2,200 - a - day tab .
" We do n't get to pick the hotel we stay in , " he answered ; the State Department picks hotels for congressional delegations , and it chose a five - star Marriott with a six - night minimum during the summit .
Hence , the $ 4,406 per-room tab for a 48 - hour stay .
My journalist pal Ola Tedin of Ystad , Sweden , suggested , " They would have found a better deal in Malmö , Sweden , " where many attendees stayed .
No , I am told , the delegation worked nonstop and did n't have time for the 35 - minute train ride .
As for the air fares , Hammill explained they are " government rate . "
Government rate means that taxpayers fork over as much as $ 10,000 for a flight that could be purchased online for $ 800 .
" Government rate , " then , is D.C. - speak for : Money is no object .
No worries on the greenhouse gases spewed to fuel the trek .
The House bought " offsets " for the journey 's emissions .
Of course , that very act explains why so many Americans have come to doubt global warming true believers :
Their great crusade is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , yet they globe - trot to be seen with each other and produce meaningless pieces of paper .
Then they tell others that their exhaust fumes do n't stink because , like sinners purchasing indulgences , they offset their vapor trail - with other people 's money .
Surely the best " offset " would have been for more Democrats to stay home .
And what were all those Republicans doing in Denmark ?
I get Inhofe parachuting into enviro territory to serve , as he likes to style himself , as a one - senator " truth squad . "
Spokesman Matt Dempsey noted that Inhofe " would prefer not to go " to an event he has dismissed as " the biggest party of the year , " but someone had to counter COP - 15 's cap - and - trade agenda .
Surely some ( or better yet , all ) of the six GOP House members - James Sensenbrenner , Joe Barton , Fred Upton , Shelley Moore Capito , John Sullivan and Marsha Blackburn - and their 10 committee staffers could have stayed home .
It would have been a great photo op - in contrast to all those global warming enthusiasts ducking from the blizzard that they flew thousands of miles to experience - if House Republicans had held a low - carbon , low - cost Skeptics Summit in D.C. , at which they announced their refusal to participate in a process that , if somehow magically successful , would be harmful to the U.S. economy .
So you have two sets of big spenders .
There are the U.S. officials who were so busy being important at COP - 15 that they could n't be expected to think about saving taxpayer dollars .
And the Republicans who generally opposed COP - 15 , but not enough to skip it .
The disconnect in this story does n't end .
Participants could have put together a nonbinding treaty to try to halve emissions in 40 years by phone or the Internet .
But the circus always was more important than the cause .
And you paid for it .
Libertarianism is a collection of various political ideologies and philosophical theories .
It seeks to promote freedom in the life of individuals .
In society today , it is a fact that individuals always have conflicting views concerning how a government should operate .
However , our concern is if Libertarianism is doing more harm than good to society .
The question is : why Libertarianism does n’t work ?
Our concern is whether Libertarianism works .
Not just that , we also concern ourselves with how it is not working and why Libertarianism does n’t work .
Libertarianism seeks to encourage a system of government whereby individuals are free to make decisions as it concerns their livelihood , businesses , and property ownership .
The fact that individuals are free to operate autonomously regardless of the adverse effects it might have on other citizens , and society is a significant reason that makes Libertarianism not to work .
What Is Libertarianism ?
Libertarianism derives its origin from the Latin word “ liber , ” meaning freedom .
It is an ideology that stems from the belief that citizens of a nation should be able to make decisions as it concerns all aspects of their lives without interference from state or private authorities .
Thus , libertarians are supporters of the notion that individuals should live their lives free from all forms of interference and autonomously .
They are significant antagonists of state power and authority .
Regarding the functions of government and advocacy organizations , they argue that there should be the dissolution of these organizations that tend to dictate the rights of citizens and places limitations on how they should use their wealth .
Libertarians see personal property possession as a hindrance to freedom and liberty .
It is their ideology that ownership of all properties should be by the state as this would afford the citizens equal rights to possess and use it .
Libertarians are against capitalist ideologies .
The views of the capitalists oppose their view .
It is because a capitalist believes that individuals should have private ownership rights to resources .
A Brief History Of Libertarianism
Libertarianism is an ideology that we can trace to the anarchists .
It initially started as a system of left - wing policy .
Thus , William Belsham was the first person to use the word “ Libertarian ” in 1789 , when he was writing an article on Metaphysics .
However , majorly due to the influence of John Locke in the 17th century , there was the introduction of modern Libertarianism .
The modern Libertarianism began to spread rapidly throughout North America and Europe during the 18th century .
Thus , by the year 1976 , the word “ Libertarian ” officially meant a staunch supporter of liberty and freedom .
The first political use of the word “ Libertarianism ” was by the French ideologist , Joseph Dejacque , and it was in 1857 .
However , Dean Russell became the initiator of the movement as political Libertarianism gained public acclaim in 1955 .
In the United States of America , the original introduction of the concept of Libertarianism was in the form of liberalism , and later , the majority of Americans who subscribed to the philosophy of liberalism started to call themselves Libertarians .
In spite of all these , Murray Rothbard was the first to formally documents articles on the ideology in the 1960s .
Libertarianism In America
The practice of Libertarianism in America is in two forms .
It can be either economic or civil according to the system of operation in society .
Economic Libertarianism
Another name for Economic Libertarianism is economic liberalism is an ideology .
It is a principle that is conservative .
It believes that individuals or groups should regulate the manufacturing of goods and services in society , and not the government or other organizations .
The system of economic Libertarianism encourages free markets .
It concludes that there is likely to be more growth in the economy when citizens h the freedom to go about their businesses as they deem fit , and make decisions based on what they think .
It tends to frown at corporate bodies which seek to regulate and place limitations on the private ownership rights of an individual to his or her business .
Civil Libertarianism
It is a form of Libertarianism that stresses more on the relationship between the government and the citizens .
It hinges on the notion that the government should play a minimal role in the lives of individuals , and any rules or laws enforced by the government should gear towards promoting individual liberty and freedom of livelihood .
Civil Libertarianism places more superiority on individual and civil rights over any form of authority or government .
Civil libertarians often speak against the ban on hate speech ; they believe every individual should have the liberty to voice out his or her opinions socially or politically .
The General Philosophy Of Libertarians
Libertarians often hold distinct beliefs regarding various issues .
Thus , to differentiate them , we can classify libertarians into left - wing and right - wing libertarians
Left-wing and right - wing libertarians
Right - wing libertarians believe that the government should not interfere with the lives of the citizens and that individuals should be able to air their opinions and make decisions , regardless of if it might lead to the detriment of others .
Left - wing libertarians , on the other hand , place more emphasis on equality .
For instance , in the case of social justice , left - wing libertarians presume that there should be the service of justice if an offense against society is committed , rather than to sit back and watch .
Right - wing libertarians affirm that the government should play a minor role in ensuring that business owners adhere to the rules and regulations as it regards the economic system of the government .
However , left - wing libertarians are of the ideology that individuals should have the freedom to go about the sales of their services and goods as they believe in the concept of free markets .
Right - wing libertarians may not be in total support when it comes to the question of whether the government should assist the minorities , in aspects such as housing or school busing
In contrast , left - Wing libertarians would encourage the government to support others .
They emphasize the value of equality amongst individuals .
Controversial Libertarian Policies
Right to bear arms :
The issue of weapons has become a significant concern to the public .
Pro libertarians believe that citizens should have the liberty to bear arms as a symbol of freedom and protection .
As a result , the crime rate increases , and criminals now have free access to guns .
In return , it gives birth to increased violence in the states involved .
Thus , Libertarianism has led to more bad than good in this aspect .
Open Borders :
The rate of homelessness in the world is rapidly growing .
Studies show that in libertarian states , the open border policy is usually the norm with the government .
The states generally have weak immigration laws , which have led to a high number of immigrants surviving on different streets without homes .
They have also been a major debate on the fact that open borders make it easy for the shipping of illegal products into the country
Homosexualism :
Libertarians believe , one should have the freedom to choose which sex with whom they want to enter into a relationship .
The view causes major disagreement mainly across the religious population .
It is because Islam , Christianity , and other religions frown at homosexuality and regard it as a sin against God .
Therefore , in cases where individuals of the same sex may want to get married , and a chaplain needs to do the joining , but he or she refuses due to her faith , it causes a public uproar .
Not just that , it leads to violence among the pro-libertarians , and the chaplain attracts various sanctions from the police .
Assisted death or termination of life :
Libertarians are of the ideology that one should have complete freedom of life , and if at any point in time , an individual gets tired or bored of life and wants to die , he is free to end it .
Thus , the government or society should not interfere .
Again , such a person can even receive assistance on how best to take his or her life .
The ideology in itself devalues human life and fights against social equality and integrity .
It is what also corrupts the medical practice because doctors entrusted with the job of preserving lives help to bring the option of easy death to their patients .
The Adverse Effects Of Libertarianism
Libertarianism is an ideology that tends to place great emphasis on an individual ’s freedom .
However , it contributes to a sense of lawlessness in society because people may tend to indulge in violent acts .
For example , the issue of the legalization of abortion and prostitution in a libertarian system of government is a controversial one .
Libertarians believe that an individual should be able to make decisions regardless of who gets hurt in the process , even if it is himself .
It is a practice that has led to the death of many unborn children and the devaluation of human life through prostitution .
Libertarians believe human life starts when a child is born , and not after conception .
People no longer pay close attention to pregnancy prevention because they feel they can freely abort any unwanted pregnancy .
However , it is a phenomenon that has led to many medical issues among women .
Also , in a libertarian system of government , there is a high percentage of the economy dwindling since there is no system put on the ground to help individuals make the right decisions regarding their businesses and the society .
Conclusion
In society today , we may address the question , why Libertarianism does n’t work , because a nation can hardly achieve its goals in a system where individuals have the freedom to have unregulated conflicting interests .
Where there is no commitment towards a particular vision , they can do nothing to actualize the vision .
You May Like These Articles As Well :
Pros And Cons Of Collectivism
Can Americans Be Knighted ?
Why Is Equality Important ?
From Gates of Vienna :
@ Dymphna : “ My , you do sound like a Nodrog sock - puppet . ”
I had to google “ Nodrog ” .
That ’s a hell of a way to speak of your offspring .
Sharia law is barbaric but it ’s not here in America … yet .
Talmudic law is being put in place , piece by piece , in America .
A rabbi , one Dov Zakheim , was the DoD ’s and the Pentagon ’s CFO in the runup to the Iraq / Afghanistan invasion .
Because of Rabbi Zakheim ’s intimate involvement with the financing of the Iraq and Afghanistan invasions , one could easily make the case for thousands of dead innocents as a result of halachic implementation .
That ’s on top of Bush ’s rationalization for his decisions based upon some crackpot interpretations of Biblical history .
Michael Chertoff , if not a rabbi , is descended from a long line of rabbis .
There ’s even a prize in Talmudic scholarship , the Professor Paul Chertoff Prize ( established in 1941 ) , named after his grandfather at the The Jewish Theological Seminary .
I think I recall telling you these things back in 2003 - 04 and being called an anti-semite by Ms. Dymphna and being called insane / psycho by Mr. Baron , but I still do n’t see any imams running the money for the Pentagon or any imams authoring the Patriot Act or running Homeland Security .
What are the differences between Jews and non-Jews in halacha ?
Can anyone guess ?
By way of illustration , let ’s look at Rahm Emanuel for a minute .
There he is lighting the national Menorah in front of the White House .
And he ’s with Rabbi Levi Shemtov .
Shemtov ’s mentor , Rabbi Schneerson ( the Rebbe … I met his right - hand man ’s son in NYC when said son was in his rebellious phase ) had this to say about non-Jews :
“ The Seven Laws must be explained in a way that the nations can relate to and , because non-Jews do not possess genuine free will , they will be willing to change more quickly and easily than a Jew . ”
– Hisvaduyos 5748 3:183 , cited in “ The Deed is the Main Thing , ” Kol Boi Ha’olam , p. 385-386 .
This Schneerson gets a holiday by Congressional and Presidential decree every year and has since Carter ’s administration .
The larger point is that any law – sharia , halacha , etc. – that differentiates between Believer and non-Believer is immediately unjust .
I expect you ’ll delete this post for ‘ security ’ purposes .
I hope you at least save it for future reference .
Let ’s close with a reading from Rabbi Abraham Kook , named largest contributor to the shaping and building of the State of Israel ( and icon to the settler movement ) by Israelis in a poll a couple of years ago :
“ The difference between the Jewish soul , in all its independence , inner desires , longings , character and standing , and the soul of all the Gentiles , on all of their levels , is greater and deeper than the difference between the soul of a man and the soul of an animal , for the difference in the latter case is one of quantity , while the difference in the first case is one of essential quality . ”
Gentiles in Halacha
The quickest way to ensure the future implementation of sharia in America is to ignore the current corrosion of American jurisprudence by halacha .
Then again , I ’m just a paranoid anti-semite .
Pay no mind to me .
peace ,
your oldest and boldest
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
On Monday night , CBS Evening News covered the arrest of the snake - oil salesman who was selling what he claimed are bomb - sniffing dowsing rods , but are in reality ( gasp ! ) totally useless : Lt. Col. Hal Bidlack ( retired ) , interviewed in the show , is an old friend and friend of the JREF ; if you 've attended a TAM then you 've seen him MC the event .
He got in a couple of excellent sound bites !
And I guess I should be fair .
The magic wands are n't totally useless .
They 're perfect for getting people blown up and killed .
I 'm sure the terrorists love them .
Related posts :
A double military victory !
When antiscience kills : dowsing editionHal Bidlack : Colorado's next Congressman ( and yeah , that did n't work out as well as planned , but it 's worth reading for things Hal has said and done . )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Wednesday detailed how the U.S. central bank will begin to wean the economy off its extraordinary stimulus , even as he stressed it was not yet time to do so .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke looks up during his meeting with Senator Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) to discuss Federal Reserve policy and Bernanke 's upcoming confirmation vote Capitol Hill in Washington , in this January 25 , 2010 file photo .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque / Files
Bernanke said the Fed would likely begin tightening monetary policy by removing cash from the financial system before it turns to raise benchmark short - term interest rates .
In his most comprehensive description to date of how the Fed aims to dismantle its extensive emergency economic supports , he also said the central bank could soon raise the discount rate it charges banks for emergency loans , but stressed that would not be akin to a tightening in monetary policy .
“ Although at present the U.S. economy continues to require the support of highly accommodative monetary policies , at some point the Federal Reserve will need to tighten financial conditions , ” Bernanke said in remarks prepared for a hearing of the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee .
The hearing on the Fed ’s exit strategy was postponed because of heavy snow , but the Fed released Bernanke ’s prepared remarks .
Some lawmakers have worried the Fed ’s aggressive stimulus for the economy could spark inflation .
The Fed ’s willingness to raise the discount rate , which could come before its next policy meeting March 16 , signals it believes that financial markets are working better , a precondition for raising interest rates .
The Fed ’s move toward withdrawing monetary policy accommodation contrasted with the Bank of England , which is contemplating adding more money to Britain ’s fragile economy .
Bernanke ’s comments were seen as suggesting the Fed would tighten before the European Central Bank , which is facing debt crisis among some euro - zone countries , boosting the dollar against the euro .
U.S. stock indexes were mostly flat .
Big Wall Street firms polled by Reuters last week expect the Fed to raise rates in the final three months of this year .
MONETARY SEQUENCING
The U.S. central bank has pumped more than $ 1 trillion into the economy after it slashed benchmark rates to near zero to combat the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
While the economy has grown for the past two quarters , the unemployment rate is at a lofty 9.7 percent .
Bernanke said the outlook for monetary policy currently remains “ about the same ” as it was at the Fed ’s last policy meeting on January 26 - 27 , and he repeated the Fed ’s pledge to hold interest rates exceptionally low for an extended period .
He said the Fed could begin by testing tools to absorb the massive amount of reserves it had pumped into the banking system , such as reverse repurchase agreements and term deposits for banks at the central bank , in small amounts to prepare markets .
As the time to tighten financial conditions drew nearer , the Fed could ramp up reserve - draining operations .
Absorbing reserves would give policymakers tighter control over short - term interest rates , Bernanke said .
Ultimately , the Fed would increase the rate it pays on reserves banks hold at the central bank as its way to take its foot off the monetary accelerator pedal .
Raising the interest rate on reserves would encourage banks to park funds with the Fed , taking the money out of circulation .
The Fed has greatly expanded its balance sheet with purchases of mortgage - related debt as part of its efforts to revive the economy .
Bernanke said the Fed is not likely to sell any of those holdings in the near term , “ at least not until after policy tightening has gotten under way and the economy is clearly in a sustainable recovery . ”
However , when the recovery has advanced and more tightening is needed , the Fed could sell securities , Bernanke said .
Any such sales would likely be gradual and markets would receive ample warning , he said .
DISCOUNT RATE HIKE IN THE OFFING
The Fed will also return its vast array of emergency lending measures to pre-crisis norms , including raising the discount rate and shortening the duration of loans at its emergency lending window , Bernanke said .
The Fed pulled the discount rate closer to the federal funds rate during the severe credit crunch to encourage banks to use it to obtain short - term funding .
Before the crisis hit , the discount rate was 1 percentage point higher than the benchmark borrowing costs .
It now stands at 0.5 percent , while the federal funds rate is between zero and 0.25 percent .
With the Fed ’s balance sheet abnormally large , controlling the federal funds rate can be difficult , Bernanke said .
During the transition , the Fed will likely communicate its policy stance through a combination of the interest paid on reserves and targets for reserve quantities .
My Son's Encounter With Government - Regulated Healthcare and the Drug War . What Saved Him Was His Death .
Dec. 10 , 2009
My adult son , Caleb North , suffered from an undiagnosed and fatal affliction .
No physician knew what it was , so we did not know it was fatal until the day the police discovered him dead in his apartment .
He was still on his feet .
How was this possible ?
Because he had fallen face - down in the kitchen sink .
He had walked over to the sink .
A seizure killed him , as far as we know .
He had no warning .
I have described his symptoms in his obituary .
They began with tingling in his heels .
Over the next four years , the tinglings turned into spasms .
The limited zone of afflicion kept going higher as the months went on until the spasms entered his skull .
His eyes would flutter -- not his eyelids : his eyes .
Finally , the condition killed him .
Because of the drug laws in this country , he was repeatedly told by physicians that he was faking his symptoms , that he was just after drugs .
They would not treat him .
One vicious female stood in front of a room full of patients and announced : " You 're just after drugs . "
My wife told me that later .
I am not one for suing , but in retrospect , we should have taken that harpy before the medical ethics ( an oxymoron , I know ) commission .
One physician gave him a drug that had a little effect in stopping the spasms .
When my wife called for a refill , the phone lady went to the physician .
She came back : " Your son is not a patient any longer . "
The existing system is callous and morally corrupt .
This is what state coercion has produced .
It is going to get much worse .
The drug laws pressure users to lie to physicians , who have a monopoly over writing prescriptions .
So , physicians are afraid of lawsuits for supplying illegal drugs .
They train themselves to be callous .
They sent my son to his death without a twinge of concern .
Only one physician tried to help him .
He does not take government money or third - party insurance payments .
It 's a pure fee - for - service arrangement .
He was my wife 's physician .
He is as far outside the medical establishment as he can be and not lose his license from the state .
My son was at the library and suffered a collapse .
Someone called the emergency ambulance .
They were loading him onto the gurney when he recovered , he later told us .
They told him they were taking him to the hospital .
He consented .
That was a big mistake .
The bill would be huge .
At the hospital , they ran him through tests .
He naively consented .
They gave him a CAT scan .
They said he was fine .
To get his clothes back , some non-medical emplyee told him he had to sign a release form .
There is no such requirement to get your clothes .
When he signed , he accepted the bill .
After that , it was all hearsay as to why he had to sign .
He had no insurance .
The bill was large enough that he could not pay it .
Had he refused to sign the papers , they would have had to negotiate a price .
Once you sign , the hospital can charge pretty much what it wants to .
Suckers pay .
Wise people hire lawyers and negotiate .
On the day of his funeral , I was driving .
My wife had his cell phone .
The phone rang .
It was the bill collector at the hospital .
I heard my wife 's side of the conversation .
She explained that he was dead and that she was on her way to his funeral .
Then she said , " I do not know . "
She hung up .
She told me what the woman had said when she heard that we were on the way to his funeral .
" Who 's going to pay this bill ? "
The public hates the system .
The public does not understand that physicians will be squeezed by government health care and insurance .
This will lead to rationing and bureaucratic care .
But the public 's anger over the system is beyond the political point of no return .
The public knows that the present health care system is corrupt .
Voters do n't know the half of it .
This is a system in which hospitals send inflated bills to families without insurance coverage , while letting the indigent in for free and negotiating with insurance companies and lawyers .
The system is corrupt .
It is going to be made even more corrupt , with worse service , by endless government meddling and rationing .
It all began with John D. Rockefeller and Abraham Flexner in 1910 .
Flexner was not a physician .
He was an educational reformer .
The Flexner Report promoted state - licensed medical schools to control the supply of physicians .
The report persuaded state governments to regulate medicine and medical schools .
The system gave physicians an oligopoly : control over rival practitioners .
Nye Bevan was in charge of setting up he National Health Service in Britain .
In 1948 , the first NHS hospital opened .
He was asked how he got Britain 's medical association to consent to the National Health Service .
He said he persuaded the leadership .
He replied : " I stuffed their mouths with gold . "
That is what Flexner offered physicians .
They took the bait .
They walked into the trap .
I described this strategy in my 1978 article , " Walking into a Trap . "
There is now no escape .
Like Esau , the medical guild sold its birthright for a mess of pottage .
The government promised to control the supply of entrants , giving those who go through the hoops an oligopoly .
The hoops are now nooses .
If you take the government 's nickel , you also take its noose .
I offer this advice to young adults :
Do not go to medical school .
I offer the rest of you this advice :
Do not get sick .
A site documenting US Foreign Policy and its often disastrous consequences around the world .
Our economy is in shambles , millions of Americans remain unemployed and depressed , our national infrastructure is crumbling , and poverty and homelessness are reaching alarming levels .
And , yet , in spite of the catastrophic state of our nation , the annual $ 1 trillion dollar military budget remains sacrosanct , totally untouchable .
This is a completely unsustainable condition , a formula for economic disaster and national bankruptcy .
In the face of these stark realities , the subject of potential cutbacks in our massive military spending is off the table , it is off limits , a taboo subject .
As I watch discussions on cable TV about how to address our economic woes , reduce spending , and find the funds needed to create jobs , if anyone even dares to bring up the idea of reducing military spending , they are immediately looked upon as some kind of traitorous wacko .
It seems as if the majority of Congress and the American people are totally ignoring the disastrous consequences that will eventually come to pass if we continue to spend $ 1 trillion dollars for military purposes each and every year ; more than all the industrialized nations of the world combined .
Have we become so paranoid , so afraid of the " terrorist threat " constantly being trumpeted by our government and our national media that we will watch as the military establishment sucks the lifeblood out of America ?
Here is an ominous observation by Chalmers Johnson , a respected author and military analyst : " the U.S. military establishment today is close to being beyond civilian control and that , despite its ability to deliver death and destruction to any target on earth and expect little in the way of retaliation , it demands more and newer equipment while the Pentagon now more or less sets its own agenda and monopolizes the formulation and conduct of American foreign policy . "
The Pentagon spends more for military purposes than all U.S. state governments combined spend for the health , education , welfare , and safety of 308 million Americans .
Can you believe that ?
We have now reached the point that the vast Military - Industrial Complex has taken control of our nation ; that the promotion of foreign wars has now become this nation 's # 1 priority , that the sustenance of our society and the welfare of the American people is taking a backseat to this gigantic war machine .
To call the total U.S. military spending a budget is a complete misnomer .
While the 2009 Pentagon base budget was $ 513 billion and the 2010 pending request is for $ 534 billion , the annual spending for military purposes , including various supplemental appropriations for Iraq and Afghanistan , totals nearly $ 1 trillion .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Dexter knows how to dispatch the bad guys .
Let 's hope he has the same success with this .
Michael C. Hall has announced he 's been diagnosed with cancer but is already on the mend .
" I feel fortunate to have been diagnosed with an imminently treatable and curable condition , and I thank my doctors and nurses for their expertise and care , " says Hall .
The 38 - year - old Dexter star is suffering from Hodgkin 's lymphoma , but that the disease was caught at an early stage .
He 's currently receiving treatment at an unidentified Los Angeles - area facility , Hall said , and the cancer is reportedly in complete remission .
And he 's definitely not letting it get in the way of a good time .
Hall is expected to join his actress wife , Jennifer Carpenter , at this Sunday 's Golden Globe Awards , where he 's nominated for Best Actor for his titular role in Showtime 's serial killer hit , as well as the Jan. 23 Screen Actors Guild Awards .
The fifth season of Dexter is set to premiere in September .
( Originally published Jan. 13 , 2009 , at 2:01 p.m. PT )
Highlight
One of the most iconic buildings in Union Square , One Union Square South is instantly recognizable for its façade , which features the 100 - foot art piece “ Metronome ” by artist Kristin Jones .
Not only is the building culturally significant , it is also incredibly convenient and luxurious .
Just steps from celebrated restaurants , a multitude of transportation options , and a pulsing nightlife scene , One Union Square South offers studio , one - and two - bedroom apartments with unparalleled views of Greenwich Village , the Midtown skyline and Union Square 's celebrated Green Market .
This dramatic twenty - seven - floor tower with an unsurpassed location is also home to exclusive amenities including a lushly landscaped rooftop terrace with BBQ grills , a grass lawn for lounging , and round - the - clock concierge service .
Duty to Warn : Lessons for Americans Editor ’s Note :
At one of the darkest moments of human history – in the heart of Nazi Germany – three idealistic German college students began publishing and distributing leaflets urging their countrymen to resist the barbaric depredations of Adolf Hitler ’s war - making regime .
The three , known as The White Rose , were ultimately captured , tried and executed , but their inspirational pleas for resistance to an intolerable war machine and its propaganda apparatus inspire people to this day and offer lessons to Americans who face far less personal danger in resisting the dangers of militarism , Gary G. Kohls notes in this guest essay : Sixty - seven years ago , on Feb. 18 , 1943 , three courageous , patriotic German college students from Munich , the birthplace of the Nazi party , were arrested by the Gestapo on charges of treason , a crime that was punishable by death .
Email
Printer friendly
The three – 22 - year - old medical student Christoph Probst , 24 - year - old Hans Scholl , also a medical student , and Hans ’ 21 - year - old sister Sophie -- were part of a small group of university students whose code name was The White Rose .
The White Rose group had seen the atrocities that were being committed , the loss of freedom , the shredding of human rights and the fact that the war , following the carnage on the Eastern Front , had already been lost .
These dissenters were also aware , as early as 1942 , that hundreds of thousands of Jews had already been murdered and that atrocities were being committed against the Polish people .
They were also alarmed at the apathy and fear that they witnessed all around them .
There were no active resistance movements among the adults they knew .
They knew that Hitler ’s aggressive war - making and terrorist activities were making Germany the most hated nation in the world and , because of their altruism , their still - intact consciences and out of their sense of patriotism , they felt that they had to do something .
Therefore they began , in late 1942 , producing amazingly insightful , well - written leaflets , informing their fellow Germans about the criminal regime they were living under , which most Germans were tolerating without objection .
These heroic young people knew that they had to use underground tactics because the liberal printing presses and other media that had tried to alert the people years earlier had been smashed by the barbaric right - wing Freikorps , the demoralized , demobilized , combat - traumatized military veterans ’ militia groups that had formed all over Germany following World War I , with orders to crush socialism , communism and the attempts at bringing democracy to Germany .
The Freikorps had done their jobs well , but , when their usefulness was over , they were betrayed and annihilated in 1934 ( “ The Night of the Long Knives ” ) certainly with the approval of the corporate elite that had control over Hitler .
The only “ crime ” that the little White Rose group had committed was the writing and circulating of a series of “ subversive ” leaflets whose purpose was to awaken people to the atrocities that were being perpetrated by Hitler ’s obedient followers and to motivate others to join the various nonviolent resistance movements .
They had also been guilty of having evaded detection for so many months , humiliating the Gestapo in the process .
The Nazis thought that the White Rose story ended with the arrest and the show trial , overseen by the notorious Roland Freisler , the shrieking Nazi judge who had been assigned to the “ People ’s Court ” trials that the Nazis deemed most important for propaganda purposes - to instill fear in the people .
Little did they know that the executions of the three , by guillotine , only made martyrs of these heroic resisters .
Their inspiring lives and the spirit of their courageous stand against tyranny lives on .
I have excerpted here some of the statements from the first three leaflets .
The texts of all six leaflets can be found online at : http://www.whiterosesociety.org/WRS_pamphlets_home.html
It is highly recommended that freedom - lovers and anti-fascists read all six leaflets .
A wonderful movie about the White Rose movement , entitled Sophie Scholl : The Final Days is essential viewing .
The movie utilized newly discovered documents of the interrogations of Sophie Scholl that had been unavailable for previous films about the movement .
The official trailer to the German - made film is available at : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XM5A4ETW_Io
Excerpts From The 1st Leaflet of the Resistance ( of The White Rose ) – Fall 1942 “ Nothing is so unworthy of a civilized nation as allowing itself to be governed without opposition by an irresponsible clique that has yielded to base instinct .
“ It is certain that today every honest German is ashamed of his government .
“ Who among us has any conception of the dimensions of shame that will befall us and our children when one day the veil has fallen from our eyes and the most horrible of crimes - crimes that infinitely outdistance every human measure - reach the light of day ?
“ If the German people are already so corrupted and spiritually crushed that they do not raise a hand … if they abandon the will to take decisive action … if they are so devoid of all individuality , … turning into a spiritless and cowardly mass - then , yes , they deserve their downfall .
“ Goethe speaks of the Germans as a tragic people , like the Jews and the Greeks , but today it would appear rather that they are a spineless , will - less herd of hangers - on , who now - the marrow sucked out of their bones …are waiting to be hounded to their destruction .
…
[ B ]y means of gradual , treacherous , systematic abuse , the system has put every man into a spiritual prison .
Only now , finding himself lying in fetters , has he become aware of his fate .
“ Only a few recognized the threat of ruin .
“ If everyone waits until the other man makes a start … the last victim will have been cast senselessly into the maw of the insatiable demon .
“ Therefore every individual , conscious of his responsibility as a member of Christian and Western civilization , must defend himself as best he can at this late hour , he must work against the scourges of mankind , against fascism and any similar system of totalitarianism .
“ Offer resistance wherever you may be …forestall the spread of this atheistic war machine before it is too late , before the last cities , like Cologne , have been reduced to rubble , and before the nation ’s last young man has given his blood on some battlefield for the hubris of a sub-human [ Hitler ] .
“ Do not forget that every people deserves the regime it is willing to endure ! ” Excerpts from The Second Leaflet of the Resistance ( of The White Rose ) – Fall 1942 ” It is impossible to engage in intellectual discourse with ( fascist ) philosophy ... At its very inception this movement depended on the deception and betrayal of one 's fellow man ; even at that time it was inwardly corrupt and could support itself only by constant lies .
After all , Hitler states in an early edition of " his " book ( a book written in the worst German I have ever read , in spite of the fact that it has been elevated to the position of the Bible in this nation of poets and thinkers ) :
" It is unbelievable to what extent one must betray a people in order to rule it . "
“ If at the start this cancerous growth in the nation was not particularly noticeable , it was only because there were still enough forces at work that operated for the good , so that it was kept under control .
As it grew larger , however , and finally … attained ruling power , the tumor broke open , as it were , and infected the whole body .
“ The greater part of its former opponents went into hiding .
The German intellectuals fled to their cellars ; there , like plants struggling in the dark , away from light and sun , gradually to choke to death .
Now the end is at hand .
Now it is our task to find one another again , to spread information from person to person , to keep a steady purpose , and to allow ourselves no rest until the last man is persuaded of the urgent need of his struggle against this system .
“ We are not in a position to draw up a final judgment about the meaning of our history .
But if this catastrophe can be used to further the public welfare , it will be only by virtue of the fact that we are cleansed by suffering ; that we yearn for the light in the midst of deepest night , summon our strength , and finally help in shaking off the yoke which weighs on our world .
“ … three hundred thousand Jews have been murdered in this country in the most bestial way .
Here we see the most frightful crime against human dignity , a crime that is unparalleled in the whole of history .
“ … the entire Polish aristocratic youth is being annihilated .
All male offspring of the houses of the nobility between the ages of fifteen and twenty were transported to concentration camps in Germany and sentenced to forced labor , and all the girls of this age group were sent to Norway , into the [ houses of prostitution ] for the SS !
“ Why do German people behave so apathetically in the face of all these abominable crimes ?
The German people slumber on in their dull , stupid sleep and encourage these fascist criminals ; they give them the opportunity to carry on their depredations ; and of course they do so .
“ Is this a sign that the Germans are brutalized in their simplest human feelings , that no chord within them cries out at the sight of such deeds , that they have sunk into a fatal consciencelessness from which they will never , never awake ?
It seems to be so , and will certainly be so , if the German does not at last start up out of his stupor , if he does not protest wherever and whenever he can against this clique of criminals .
“ He must evidence not only sympathy ; no , much more : a sense of complicity in guilt .
For through his apathetic behavior he gives these evil men the opportunity to act as they do ; he tolerates this " government " which has taken upon itself such an infinitely great burden of guilt ; indeed , he himself is to blame for the fact that it came about at all !
“ Each man wants to be exonerated of a guilt of this kind , each one continues on his way with the most placid , the calmest conscience .
But he can not be exonerated ; he is guilty , guilty , guilty !
It is not too late , however , to do away with this most reprehensible of all miscarriages of government ...
Now …our eyes have been opened , we know exactly who our adversary is … [ I ]t is high time to root out this brown horde .
“ Up until the outbreak of the war the larger part of the German people was blinded ; the Nazis did not show themselves in their true aspect .
But now , now that we have recognized them for what they are , it must be the sole and first duty , the holiest duty of every German to destroy these beasts . ”
Excerpts From the Third Leaflet of The White Rose - February 1943
“ But our present " state " is the dictatorship of evil .
" Oh , we 've known that for a long time , " I hear you object , " and it is n't necessary to bring that to our attention again . "
But , I ask you , if you know that , why do you not bestir yourselves , why do you allow these men who are in power to rob you step by step , openly and in secret , of one domain of your rights after another , until one day nothing , nothing at all will be left but a mechanized state system presided over by criminals and drunks ?
Is your spirit already so crushed by abuse that you forget it is your right - or rather , your moral duty - to eliminate this system ?
” Many , perhaps most , of the readers of these leaflets do not see clearly how they can practice an effective opposition .
We have no great number of choices ...
The only one available is passive [ but active ] resistance .
At all points we must oppose [ fascism ] , wherever it is open to attack .
We must soon bring this monster of a state to an end .
A victory of fascist Germany in this war would have immeasurable , frightful consequences …
The defeat of the Nazis must unconditionally be the first order of business …
“ Sabotage in armament plants and war industries , sabotage at all gatherings , rallies , public ceremonies , and organizations of the National Socialist Party .
Obstruction of the smooth functioning of the war machine ( a machine for war that goes on solely to shore up and perpetuate the Nazi Party and its dictatorship ) .
Sabotage in all publications , all newspapers , that are in the pay of the [ fascist ] " government " and that defend its ideology ... the presses run continuously to manufacture any desired amount of paper currency …
Try to convince all your acquaintances , including those in the lower social classes , of the senselessness of continuing , of the hopelessness of this war ; of our spiritual and economic enslavement at the hands of the National Socialists ; of the destruction of all moral and religious values ; and urge them to passive resistance !
“ Aristotle [ said in ]
Politics : " ... and further , it is part [ of the nature of tyranny ] … that everywhere [ the subjects ] will be spied upon ... and so it is part of these tyrannical measures , to keep the subjects poor , in order to pay the guards and soldiers , and so that they will be occupied with earning their livelihood and will have neither leisure nor opportunity to engage in conspiratorial acts ....
Further , [ to levy ] such taxes on income as were imposed in Syracuse , for under Dionysius the citizens gladly paid out their whole fortunes in taxes within five years .
Also , the tyrant is inclined constantly to foment wars . "
” Please duplicate and distribute ! ” Gary G. Kohls is a retired physician who writes about issues of war , peace , justice , mental health and nonviolence and feels it is important to mix religion and non-partisan politics .
One of his areas of interest and expertise is combat - induced posttraumatic stress disorder .
Dr. Kohls is a founding member of the interdenominational peace group , Every Church A Peace Church ( www.ecapc.org), whose stated goal is to gradually transform Christian churches back to the original form of Christianity .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
What 's coming in Django 1.2 ( presentation notes ) .
I wrote up some background notes for the talk on Django 1.2 I gave at DJUGL last week .
( CNN ) --
The defense attorney appointed to represent an Alabama professor accused of shooting her colleagues said Friday he regrets describing her as " wacko . "
But at a news conference , Roy Miller said " something 's wrong with this lady . "
He also said his client , Amy Bishop , is " aware of what she 's done and she 's very sorry for it . "
Bishop is under suicide watch in jail , Miller said .
In an interview Thursday with CNN affiliate WHNT after visiting Bishop , Miller said , " I just think the case speaks for itself . "
He added , " I think she 's wacko . "
At Friday 's news conference , he referred to that remark .
" Good lord , y'all , " Miller said .
" Listen , I went overboard with that .
When I talk to y'all I make statements ... I wish I had n't have made .
And probably that 's one of them . "
He added that he was trying to imply that the facts of the case " speak for themselves . "
Bishop told him she does not remember the incident , Miller said .
But now , " she knows she 's killed some folks , I 'm sure . "
The biology professor is charged with capital murder and three counts of attempted murder in the shootings at the University of Alabama in Huntsville last week .
At the end of a biology department faculty meeting at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , Bishop suddenly " just stood up and shot , " a professor who survived the incident told CNN affiliate WAAY .
Three of Bishop 's colleagues were killed ; three others were wounded .
Bishop , a Harvard - trained geneticist , had recently been denied tenure .
Bishop , a professor and researcher at the university , was arrested as she was leaving the building .
A 9 mm handgun was found inside , on the second floor .
A university spokesman , Ray Garner , identified the dead as Gopi Podila , chairman of the biological sciences department ; Maria Davis , associate professor of biology ; and Adriel Johnson , associate professor of biology .
Miller said his client is " trying to keep from cracking up down there emotionally , " and is worried that if she breaks down , officials in the jail might think she 's going to commit suicide .
Discussing his client 's mind , he said that doctors of biology " have got , in my estimation , high IQs -- and the high IQ in my opinion is sometimes not good for people . "
He said Bishop sometimes is " so focused on the mental basis " that she " does not know what 's going on around her . "
He said he believes the case will boil down to Bishop 's mental state at the time of the killings .
In the wake of the shootings , information came to light about previous run-ins with the law Bishop had .
She faced criminal charges after an altercation at a Massachusetts restaurant nearly eight years ago , police said .
The police report says Bishop became furious that there was no booster seat available for her child , began screaming at the woman who had taken the last one and struck her in the head .
Authorities previously have said Bishop , who is also known as Amy Bishop Anderson , fatally shot her brother in the family 's Braintree , Massachusetts , home in 1986 .
The shooting was ruled accidental , but after a review of the incident after the Alabama shootings , Norfolk County District Attorney William Keating issued a statement saying that probable cause had existed in 1986 to charge Bishop with assault with a dangerous weapon , carrying a dangerous weapon and unlawful possession of ammunition .
However , the statute of limitations on those charges has expired , as well as on a potential charge of " wanton and reckless conduct " -- the lowest standard for manslaughter in Massachusetts , Keating said .
In addition , the Boston Globe reported Monday that Bishop and her husband , Jim Anderson , were questioned in the 1993 attempted mail bombing of a Harvard Medical School professor .
Jim Anderson said on Monday that federal investigators had gathered " a dozen subjects " in the attempted bombing , but " there were never any suspects .
Never anyone charged , never anyone arrested .
Then five years later , we got a letter from the ATF saying , ' You are in the clear . ' "
User Info : WilliamRLBaker WilliamRLBaker 10 years ago # 1 Just wanted to get the word out , if you have the free version from the 13th it will not work with it , if you delete it you can't redownload it .
I got the free download on the 13th then purchased the expansion the 14th having updated my free version when i downloaded the expansion it said no need to update this title when i tried to install it , so i deleted it thinking maybe its the update well it no longer appears in the download list so you can't redownload it .
People on the official playstation forums have had the same problems , others have been able to get it to install , others have confirmed this as well but that the expanded content does not appear .
So wanting to get some straight answers I posted on the forums over there and just found that others had the same problems as me , and then I emailed support and have not gotten a reply so I called tech support .
Tech support Lupe : The free version of flOw was meant as a demo it was designed not to be redownloadable and desinged not to work with the expansion .
So there ya guys go .
* wasted 2.99 *
User Info : BurgerTime79 BurgerTime79 10 years ago #
2
I 'd probably buy the game and the expansion if it came down to it , but to alter a file in a manner that has n't been seen before without telling us , and practically fooling people is n't very good business practice .
What 's considered great graphics today might be considered trash to the next generation of gamer .
Learn to appreciate what 's come before your generation .
If it was meant to be a demo , then maybe they should of specified that in the description of the download instead of making people think that they were getting the exact same file that was there on the 12th and then came back on the 14th .
I 'd probably buy the game and the expansion if it came down to it , but to alter a file in a manner that has n't been seen before without telling us , and practically fooling people is n't very good business practice .
User Info : lo6ick lo6ick 10 years ago # 3 - Stay Classy just saved me some cash .
i was gonna buy the expansion
User Info : Corrosion Corrosion 10 years ago # 4 ' Buy cheap , you buy twice . '
I guess a similar general rule applies for buying ' free ' the first time .
* Sigh *
User Info : CDuG CDuG 10 years ago # 5 That sucks because I grabbed the expansion too .
Well I 'm not going to redownload it .
It 's fun but it 's not worth downloading twice .
I 'll write my $ 3 off to stupidity , rather than throw another $ 8 at it .
User Info : BurgerTime79 BurgerTime79 10 years ago # 6
You do n't announce one of your games as being free , and then alter the data to force people into buying the game if they want the expansion .
What was promoted and what we got is n't the real version of the game , and I 'd almost say that falls under some sort of " bait and switch " .
What 's considered great graphics today might be considered trash to the next generation of gamer .
Learn to appreciate what 's come before your generation .
It 's no one else 's fault but Sony's .
You do n't announce one of your games as being free , and then alter the data to force people into buying the game if they want the expansion .
What was promoted and what we got is n't the real version of the game , and I 'd almost say that falls under some sort of " bait and switch " .
User Info : Echo738 Echo738 10 years ago # 7 PSN : Echo738
Stephenie Meyer -->
Eerie hymen pest
Not only that , but force them to buy the game again if they want all the trophies .
It 's bad enough when one requires you to have four controllers or buy an expansion , but when you have to pay another $ 8 to be able to access the DLC that gives you the trophy ... what a screwup .
User Info : Hunter Sopko Hunter Sopko 10 years ago # 8 KeithChiemi - 13 x Marksman - Windia - Hemlock
www.rpgdl.com - I sure know how to whore a link .
Just ask Zelda !
Kinda odd .
I thought the entire point of the free download was to get people to buy the expansion .
User Info : Velo214 Velo214 10 years ago # 9
What are you people talking about ?
I downloaded Flow for free and then bought the expansion for $ 3 and it works great .
You just need to make sure you install the main game first then install the expansion and then you run the game and it will patch trophies into the whole thing .
If you did n't do this on the free day then yeah , you are out of luck .
In the early days of a technology startup , you tend to have a lot of software developers , and you feel like you could never have enough .
If you hire sales and marketing staff too early , they do n’t really get much traction , and you may start to think that sales and marketing are a waste of time .
This led me , in the early years , to believe that a healthy software company should have a lot of real software developers and maybe no sales and marketing .
At one point I entertained the quixotic and , retrospectively , stupid idea of requiring every employee at Fog Creek to be a programmer … even the receptionist would have to have done some BASIC programming in high school to qualify .
In the US Marines everyone , even the cooks , is a rifleman .
Of course that ’s because the cooks are in friggin Afghanistan getting shot at so they better be riflemen , whereas our receptionist almost never has to drop into the source code and bang out a class .
Almost never .
Over time , though , as your product gets better and better , the more sales and marketing people you hire , the more you sell .
That ’s because programmers multiply salespeople , and vice - versa .
I ’m a nerd , so I ’ll be real math-y about this .
Define the quality of your code on a scale from 0 to 1 .
0 means your product solves absolutely no problems for anybody so nobody in their right mind would ever buy it .
Microsoft Bob .
1 means that every single person on Earth , if they bought your software , would be net happier , even after paying your fee .
Your software starts at 0 and slowly climbs up the hill .
If everybody in the world knew about your software and was encouraged to evaluate it , the number that would buy it would be ( Earth population ) x Quality .
Sales and marketing functions exist to encourage earthlings to find out about your software and evaluate it .
These functions will have no effect on sales if your quality is extremely low .
But as the quality gets higher , the value of sales and marketing goes up , commensurately .
Double the quality , and the same sales effort yields double the revenue .
The population of the planet is so large , and the effect of sales and marketing so hard to scale , that by the time your product is really great , the optimal ratio might be very heavily tilted in favor of sales and marketing .
Large software companies might have 5 or 10 or 20 people in the sales organization for every developer .
This explains , among other things , why US software companies ca n’t expect to get sustainable advantage by offshoring software development to cheaper countries .
If a developer in Russia , India , or China costs 50 % as much as a developer in Seattle , San Francisco , or Boston , but software development is only 10 % of your costs , you can only get a 5 % advantage from offshoring development .
The offshoring that does happen is strongly biased to custom software development which , by design , can only solve one person ’s problem , so more developers than marketers are needed .
It is not the case ( as commonly believed by nerds ) that marketing is a substitute for code quality .
The best marketing in the world cannot force people to pay for a useless product .
KTLA Exclusive | Alana 's Easy Beauty Hacks
The online skin care products and makeup revolution is here !
My name is Alana , and I want to be your " personal shopper " , your " online beautician " and one stop shop for skin care treatments , makeup , and hair care brands that are good for your skin !
Matter of fact , I guarantee they are good for your skin and body .
I do not sell any beauty products that I have not tried and researched to be successful , especially natural and organic day spa treatments that really work , like Rhonda Allison , Epicuren , and Image Skincare .
No more gimmicks and cheap ingredients in disguise !
Call us now , and get an esthetician on the phone who will personally help you select all the products you need to glow and be the envy of all your girlfriends !
Wooden church in the village Paltoga Vologda region , not far from Lake Onega , Russia .
The church was built in 1733 , and 19 th century is edged with boards , covered with iron and painted with white paint .
In 1810 , a number of built brick Znamenskaya church .
You may also like :
He found that , while iiNet had knowledge of infringements occurring and did not act to stop them , such findings did not necessitate a finding of authorisation .
He said an ISP such as iiNet provided a legitimate communication facility , which was neither intended nor designed to infringe copyright .
He said it was only by means of the application of the BitTorrent system that copyright infringements were enabled , but iiNet had no control over this system .
" iiNet is not responsible if an iiNet user uses that system to bring about copyright infringement ... the law recognises no positive obligation on any person to protect the copyright of another , " Justice Cowdroy said .
Justice Cowdroy remarked that the case had attracted widespread interest both in Australia and abroad .
It was the first Australian trial to be covered on Twitter and the first trial of its kind in the world to proceed to hearing and judgment .
Neil Gane , executive director of the Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft , which brought the case on behalf of the studios , said the decision was a set back for the 50,000 Australians employed in the film industry .
" But we believe this decision was based on a technical finding centred on the court ’s interpretation of how infringements occur and the ISP 's ability to control them . "
He said AFACT would review the decision before deciding whether to appeal .
iiNet welcomed the decision and reiterated that it has never supported nor encouraged illegal file sharing .
The suit against iiNet was filed in November 2008 by a group of the biggest Hollywood studios including Village Roadshow , Universal Pictures , Warner Bros , Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures Entertainment , 20th Century Fox and Disney , as well as the Seven Network .
They claimed iiNet was liable for ‘‘ authorising ’ ’ copyright infringement on its network because it did not warn or disconnect offending customers when repeatedly notified of the infringements by the movie studios .
The studios had hired an online investigator firm to intercept BitTorrent traffic over 59 weeks and record instances of iiNet users downloading pirated movies .
iiNet argued that it was not required by law to act on ‘‘ mere allegations ’ ’ of copyright infringement , that customers were innocent until proven guilty in court , and that the case was like suing the electricity company for things people do with their electricity .
But during the trial iiNet ’s managing director Michael Malone conceded that the notices provided by the movie studios presented “ compelling evidence ” of copyright infringement by iiNet customers .
However , iiNet ’s legal counsel , Richard Cobden , said privacy provisions in the Telecommunications
Act prevented it from forwarding the studios ’ infringement notices to customers .
He said iiNet was also protected under Safe Harbour provisions of the Copyright Act , which limit an ISP ’s liability if it takes ‘‘ reasonable steps ’ ’ to deal with repeat copyright infringers .
The barrister for the studios , Tony Bannon , said that iiNet failed to take any ‘‘ reasonable steps ’’ to combat copyright infringement .
He said iiNet ’s practice of forwarding infringement notices to police and stating in its terms and conditions that illegal downloading was not permitted – while not enforcing this rule - did not constitute reasonable steps .
The studios also presented email evidence which showed that , despite iiNet ’s claims that it could not act on the notices , Westnet , which was acquired by iiNet in May 2008 , was in fact passing them on to customers until Malone told a Westnet senior staff member to drop the policy .
Other ISPs , including TPG , have also been passing copyright infringement notices on to customers .
Cobden said the studios were trying to place an ‘‘ unreasonable burden ’’ on ISPs and that ‘ ‘we will not take on the rights holders ’ outsourcing of their rights enforcement ’’.
Loading Justice Cowdory agreed and said that , while iiNet was entitled to protection under the Safe Harbour provisions , there was no need for iiNet to take advantage of this as he did not find it authorised its users ' copyright infringement .
He found that a scheme for notification , suspension and termination of customer accounts was not in this instance a relevant power to prevent copyright infringement .
Murder at German School Teacher Killed in Revenge for Bad Grades
A school in the German town of Ludwigshafen was evacuated on Thursday morning after a 23 - year - old attacked and killed a teacher there .
The assailant told police that he was " full of rage " for poor grades the teacher had given him .
A leading Olympic official has hit out at sections of the British media for their coverage of the Vancouver Games .
Organisers have been criticised for the way they have run the Games and also came under fire in the wake of the death of luger Nodar Kumaritashvili .
Games chief John Furlong told BBC Sport : " To read caustic and finger - pointing comments , you have to wonder what event they are really watching .
" They do n't appear to be attending the same Olympic Games as everyone else . "
The death of Georgian Kumaritashvili , who crashed into a steel pole at the Whistler Sliding Centre just hours before the opening ceremony , sent shockwaves around Canada and the world .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
However , the 21 - year - old - along with every other non-Canadian athlete - was given limited access to the track considered to be the fastest and most dangerous in the world .
Although organisers immediately changed the starting position of the track , while the International Luge Federation will make adjustments to slow the track down , certain British newspapers believed the hosts were partly to blame for the tragedy .
Commenting on the " Own The Podium " campaign to make Canada the top sporting nation in the world by the 2010 Games , the Daily Mail said it " should not mean placing competitors in jeopardy , particularly in a sport in which fatalities have occurred , albeit infrequently " .
James Pearce Blog Many Canadians have been really hurt by some of the criticisms in the British media
Meanwhile , the Guardian said the Games were in danger of being remembered as " the worst in Olympic history " .
However , Furlong defended Vancouver 's organising committee ( Vanoc ) and its reaction following Kumaritashvili 's death .
" The day that happened was as heartbreaking a thing [ as could happen ] , and I would say it was probably the only scenario that we were unprepared for , " he said .
" I got that call that morning and I felt like I had a phone call saying that my son had been killed .
" As an organising committee we were mortified .
The entire organisation , all 50,000 of us , went back on our heels and tried to figure out how we would manage from here .
The warm weather has forced organisers to postpone alpine races " There 's plenty of time to talk about the track when the Games are over .
The way the track is put together is a very complex process , Vanoc and the IOC work in collaboration to deliver the venue that is designed .
" We went through that process and we built the track that everybody wanted us to build and we wanted to build .
We had World Cups on it , we had practices on it , we had thousands of runs down the track .
" Our team have done everything they can to try to give them the venue that they wanted for the Games . "
The Games have been plagued by weather problems as Vancouver , situated on the west coast of Canada , experiences its warmest winter in a century .
The temperate conditions have forced organisers to refund about £ 245,000 as snow melted on Cypress Mountain , leaving sections of the viewing areas unsafe .
" The fact that we 've had the warmest January ever since we 've been recording temperatures , it goes back 100 years - it 's happening , what are we going to do about it ? " said Furlong .
" We have fought the snow demons on that mountain and I think we 're winning .
" There are some things we 've had to do to protect the field of play , so that the athletes get to complete their competitions and have their Olympic dream .
I think Vanoc has been very open with us about the problems that they have encountered , but also we have seen the great successes of the Games
Olympics Minister Tessa Jowell
" I think it 's too bad that people see it otherwise , we do n't and frankly we 're a little bit offended that they have taken the position they have . "
Further problems have been encountered with the Olympic flame and the fence which surrounds it , with some spectators complaining the barriers are too far to view the cauldron .
" In order to put the cauldron where we did , we had to make sure we were n't going to compromise security for the building , " said Furlong .
" Once we saw that ( restricted view ) was happening , we were trying to find a way to create a remedy and we 've done that now , there 's a wonderful viewing gallery right beside it and there 's a space in the fence so you can take all the pictures you want . "
Despite the media criticism , Britain 's Olympic Minister Tessa Jowell , who is overseeing the country 's strategy to host the 2012 Games in London , defended Vancouver 's organisation .
" I think Vanoc has been very open with us about the problems that they have encountered , but also we have seen the great successes of the Games , " she said .
" I think it is quite unfair to dwell on the problems .
You know , on any event of this scale , of course there are bound to be problems . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A synagogue on the Greek island of Crete has been targeted by arsonists for the second time in three weeks , local police said Saturday .
They said an unknown number of people entered the building in the city of Hania , broke through a first - floor door and started a fire .
The fire brigade said the blaze partly destroyed the synagogue 's wooden ceiling , as well as many of its archives , computers and CDs .
It estimates the damage at $ 43,000 .
The attack occurred around 4 am ( 0200 GMT ) Saturday .
Police said about 2,500 books , many of them rare editions , have been destroyed in this and a previous arson attack three weeks ago .
1 The UK has an estimated 10,500 fish and chip shops .
2 On any Friday , one in five takeaways are from the chippy .
3 They have a third fewer calories than other popular takeaways .
4 A portion contains 30 per cent of a female 's recommended daily calorie intake and 23 per cent for a man .
5 Lancastrians claim the first chip shop – John Lees in Mossley , near Oldham in 1863 .
6 Cockneys beg to differ , pointing to Joseph Malin 's shop set up in Cleveland Street in London 's East End in 1860 .
7 In 1838 Charles Dickens wrote about fried fish warehouses in Oliver Twist .
The warehouses were forerunners to the fish and chip shop .
8 In Dickensian Britain , fish were n't served with chips but bread or baked potatoes .
9 They were sold cold by street vendors at a penny a portion from trays hung around the vendors ' necks .
10 The first Jewish cookbook , published in the UK in 1846 , included a recipe for fried fish .
11 Portions were originally fried in beef dripping ; in parts of Yorkshire , this is still preferred .
12 A variety of oils is now used to cook them .
13 Carbon dioxide in beer batter results in a lighter texture as well as an orange colour .
14 The UK fish and chip market is now worth £ 1.2bn .
15 An estimated 229 million portions of fried fish are sold every year .
16 More than 277 million portions of chips are also sold annually .
17 More than half the UK adult population visits a fish and chip shop at least once a month .
18 In the early 20th century , a portion of fish and chips with mushy peas at 6d added vital protein and vitamins to the usual diet of bread , dripping , tea and condensed milk .
19 So essential did the dish become to ordinary men and women that one shop in Bradford had to employ a doorman to control the queue at busy times during 1931 .
20 The Territorial Army prepared for battle on fish and chips provided in special catering tents erected at training camps in the 1930s .
21 Its importance meant it was the only takeaway food not rationed during the Second World War .
22 Frederick Lord Woolton , wartime food minister , allowed mobile frying vans to cater for evacuees .
23 The potato is thought to have been brought to England from the New World in the 17th century by Sir Walter Raleigh .
24 A floury potato is best for chips ; waxy potatoes can often result in greasy chips .
25 The British Nutrition Foundation says an average portion of fish and chips contains 20.6g of fat .
26 A fish supper has approximately three times less fat than chicken tikka masala and rice .
27 It compares in a similar way to sweet and sour pork with egg - fried rice , which weighs in with 38.6g fat .
28 An average serving of chips contains more than double the fibre found in an average serving of brown rice or bowl of porridge .
29 A portion of chips contains less fat that a prawn mayonnaise sandwich .
30 You can get a third of your daily vitamin C from a portion of chips .
31 Thick chips absorb less oil than thin ones , so chunky chips are healthier .
32 Last year , 50 scientists from 16 different institutions mapped the potato 's genetic code .
33 The UK 's favourite fish choice is cod , which accounts for six out of 10 portions sold .
34 Haddock comes in second , at 25 per cent .
35 The remaining 13.5 per cent includes hake , halibut , plaice , pollock and sole .
36 Cod landed in the UK is now strictly regulated to prevent over - fishing and extinction .
37 One in six UK adults enjoys fish and chips once or twice a week .
38 The best potato variety for chips is maris piper .
39 Maris piper potatoes take 150 days to mature from plantation .
40 Britain now grows more maris pipers , dubbed the " chippies ' choice " , than any other variety .
41 Fish and chips have 595 calories in the average portion – an average pizza has 871 ; Big Mac meal with fries has 888 .
42 National Chip Week , organised by the British Potato Council , takes place next month .
43 £ 1 out of every hundred spent on food is spent on fish and chips .
44 The industry employs some 61,000 people .
45 One out of every four British potatoes – 1.25 million tons every year – ends life as a chip .
46 Fish and chips outsell Indian takeaways by four to one .
47 In the UK , waste frying fat is a vital source of bio diesel .
48 Fish on Fridays stems from the Catholic tradition of not eating meat on Fridays – especially during Lent .
49 Cod has existed as a species for at least 120 million years .
50 Most cod is caught off Scotland but eaten in England .
Scots prefer haddock .
51 A cod surviving to a year old has virtually no predators thereafter other than man .
52 There are more than 200 species of cod .
53 The Atlantic cod ( Gadus morhua ) can grow to 1.8 m ( 6ft ) and weigh 91kg .
54 Unless eaten , a cod may live to be 30 years old .
55 Cod and chips may be our national dish , but most is caught in waters off Iceland , northern Norway and Russia .
Only about 30 per cent is from the North Sea .
56 Cod is white and tasty because of its infamous sloth .
It swims as little as possible .
57 It produces its own antifreeze , allowing it to survive in icy waters .
58 Cod liver oil is rich in vitamin D and contains special fatty acids said to ease arthritic joints .
59 The Chinese serve fish and chips with sugar .
60 A survey showed that most women believe fish the likeliest dish to put them in the mood for seduction .
61 Food writer Claudia Roden credits Portuguese Marranos – persecuted Jewish refugees – for introducing fried fish to the UK in the 16th century .
62 Former US president Thomas Jefferson wrote about eating " fried fish in the Jewish fashion " after a visit to Britain .
63 By 1910 there were about 25,000 fish and chip shops in Britain .
64 In 1927 that number had peaked at 35,000 .
65 To mark its 21st birthday in 1952 , the Harry Ramsden chain served fish and chips at the original prices , selling a world record 10,000 portions in a single day .
66 It has broken this one - day record three times – 10,182 portions in Guiseley ( 1988 ) , 11,964 in Glasgow ( 1992 ) and 12,105 in Melbourne ( 1996 ) .
67 Fish and chips are popular at celebrity weddings .
Kate Winslet , Steven Gerrard , Wayne Rooney , John Terry and Myleene Klass reputedly served them on their big day .
68 The most southerly fish and chip shop in the world is Chumley Warner 's of south - east Queensland , Australia .
69 Suffolk , at £ 2.50 a portion , is the cheapest place to enjoy the dish .
70 Winston Churchill referred to fish and chips as " good companions " .
71 Michael Jackson liked his with mushy peas .
72 Chips are referred to as French fries in the US and other parts of the world .
73 George Orwell in The Road to Wigan Pier ( 1937 ) said fish and chips " averted revolution " .
74 Cod still accounts for 12 per cent of total British retail consumption .
75 New York City has four fish and chip shops .
The first was called A Salt & Battery .
76 Ancestors of the Incas first ate potatoes 6,000 years ago .
77 Potatoes became fashionable after Marie Antoinette paraded wearing potato blossoms .
78 Belgian historian Jo Gérard says potatoes were fried in 1680 in the Spanish Netherlands .
The poor are said to have eaten them with small fried fish .
79 The term " French fries " was introduced when British or American soldiers arrived in Belgium during the First World War .
80 Fish and chip outlets sell roughly 25 per cent of all the white fish consumed in the United Kingdom , and 10 per cent of all potatoes .
81 Shops traditionally wrap their product in an inner layer of white paper ( for hygiene ) and an outer layer of newspaper ( for insulation and to absorb grease ) .
82 Food - quality wrapping paper is now widely used instead .
83 Dedicated chip bags were first marketed in 1910 .
84 The same firm was offering fish trays , salt and pepper boxes by 1909 .
85 The British National Federation of Fish Friers was founded in 1913 .
86 Cod is widely distributed throughout the North Sea .
Adult fish are concentrated off the north - east coast of England and the east coast of Scotland .
87 The fish was thought to be heading toward extinction due to over - fishing at the start of the last decade .
88 Last year cod stocks were expected to exceed the 70,000 - ton threshold set by scientists to guarantee the species ' long - term survival .
89 The Victorian railway network quickly meant fish landed at Grimsby one day could be on sale in the most distant parts of the country early the following morning .
90 A Mori survey revealed 30 per cent of Britons crave fish and chips while they 're abroad .
91 The Belgian habit of eating fish and chips with mayonnaise finds few UK fans .
For us , it is salt and vinegar or ketchup or " sauce " if you 're from Scotland .
92 Chips with gravy is more popular in northern England than anywhere else in Britain .
93 Studies show that ketchup may help to prevent breast cancer and osteoporosis .
94 If you laid all the spuds grown in Britain end to end they would reach the moon and back three times .
95 A " spud " is actually a small narrow flat spade often used for digging potatoes .
96 The country 's finest chippies have competed for the Fish and Chip Shop of the Year competition since 1996 .
97 Last year 's winner was the Anstruther Fish Bar in Fife .
98 This year 's winner will be decided on 21 January .
99 Frankie 's Fish and Chips , Brae , in the Shetlands claims to be Britain 's most northerly chippy .
100
It would take an area the size of 56,000 Wembley Stadium football pitches to grow all the potatoes needed for the chips consumed annually in the UK .
101 Michelle Obama treated her daughters to a fish supper in a London pub during a recent visit to London .
102 Fish and chip sales have been booming during the recession .
From March to November 2008 , there were more than 548 million visits to fish and chip shops – up 5 per cent from 523 million in 2007 .
103 The fish and chip market is almost completely dominated by independent shops .
104 Notting Hill in London lays claim to Britain 's poshest fish and chip shop .
Geales serves roast sea scallops , sirloin steak and rocket along with the traditional battered fish and chips .
105 An NHS study revealed that by 2004 an estimated 22 per cent of all Scottish fish and chip shops offered deep - fried Mars bar .
106 The Carron Fish Bar , Stonehaven , Scotland , made the delicacy a reality .
107 Average sales in Scotland peaked at between 50 and 200 bars sold per week in some restaurants , with a national average of 23 .
108 The popularity of fish and chips was instrumental in provoking the three so - called Cod Wars between Britain and Iceland .
109 The first of these , between 1 September and 12 November 1958 , followed Iceland 's expansion of its exclusive fishing zone from four to 12 nautical miles – which was duly ignored by British trawlers .
110 The second , between 1 September 1972 and 8 November 1973 , followed Iceland 's expansion of the zone to 50 nautical miles .
111 The third and most intense conflict occurred between November 1975 and June 1976 , when Iceland expanded it to 200 nautical miles .
112 Battles saw rival nations ' ships rammed , fishing nets cut and threats to open fire by escorting naval vessels .
113 British trawlers are now not allowed to fish for cod within 200 nautical miles of the Icelandic coastal line .
114 Cod typically prey on squid , lobster , crabs , worms , molluscs , sand eels , mussels and worms .
115 They also eat other cod , including , occasionally , their own offspring .
116 The fish can live up to 20 years and grow up to lengths of 2 m and more .
117 The record for the largest cod ever caught in Britain is 58lb and 8 oz , or 26.8 kg set near Whitby in 1992 .
118 The world record , set in 1895 by a trawler off Massachusetts , US , is 211lb , or 95.7kg .
119 Massachusetts also boasts the largest portion of fish and chips ever served – by Boston pub the Black Rose in 2004 , at a total weight of 77.75lb , 34.21lb for the battered cod fillet and 43.54lb of chips .
120 The largest fish and chip shop in the world is reputedly Harry Ramsden 's in Guiseley , Leeds .
121 Haddock can reach sizes of up to 1.1 m in length .
122 The fish also contains a healthy amount of heart - friendly omega - 3 fatty acids though less than other fish like salmon .
123 Unlike cod , haddock rarely eats other fish , preferring small invertebrates instead .
124 Haddock is not significantly over - fished .
Stocks remain relatively plentiful worldwide .
125 Haddock is also a healthier source of protein than beef .
Both are 18 per cent protein but haddock contains about a quarter of the calories .
126 The word batter comes from the French word battre which means to beat , a reference to beating or whisking in batter preparation .
127 Batter typically comprises flour , eggs and one or more liquids , including milk , water and oil .
128 Some variants use beer , with English ale popular .
129 The mechanical potato peeler was invented and refined by US crisp seller Herman Lay in the 1920s .
130 Prices are kept low because fish and chip shops keep their menus simple , allowing bulk purchasing .
131 Last year , the Cat Hill Fish Bar in Bromsgrove , Worcestershire , was fined £ 4,000 plus costs for selling Vietnamese cobbler – a cheap substitute – as cod .
132 Mabbutt of Manchester began in 1880 with a single employee building fish frying ranges .
By 1910 , it employed 150 people building and repairing frying machines .
133 By 1913 Acme Engineering in Leeds was dedicated solely to building and selling fish frying ranges for fish and chip shops .
134 In Preston in 1932 there was one fish and chip shop for every 697 people .
135 In Halifax in 1927 the figure was 557 people per shop .
136 There is a dedicated online community for fish and chip shop lovers – chippy - chat.co.uk
137 The machine used for peeling potatoes in the chip shop is called a rumbler .
138 Vinegar in fish and chip shops tastes different from anywhere else as the majority use a secret recipe .
139 Australians prefer reef - cod or flake , a type of shark meat , in their portions .
140 The England deaf rugby team has a fish and chip shop as its official caterer .
141 The Red Arrows had a fish and chip supper delivered to their end - of - season party .
142 Fish and chips came top of two surveys as a national icon , beating the Queen , Princess Diana and the Beatles .
143 In a further survey , fish and chips beat bacon for the UK 's favourite smell .
144 Walker 's created fish and chip flavour crisps last year .
145 Such is celebrity chef Brian Turner 's love of the dish he has a chip fork made of silver always with him .
146 Tom Parker Bowles , son of Camilla , was a former judge in the Seafish industry authority fish and chip shop of the year competition .
147 The latest modern fish frying technology is pioneered by the Dutch .
148 Coleman 's fish and chip shop , South Shields , Tyne and Wear , were the national champions in the 2008 edition of the UKTV Food Heroes competition .
149 Fish and chips have 42 per cent less fat than a doner kebab and a third less than a Whopper Meal .
This website has been developed to provide an evidence - based resource for those interested in the biomechanics of different foot strikes in endurance running and the applications to human endurance running prior to the modern running shoe .
Daniel E. Lieberman
Madhusudhan Venkadesan
Adam I. Daoud
William A. Werbel Collaborator Bios
In Daniel Lieberman 's Skeletal Biology Lab , we have been investigating the biomechanics of endurance running , comparing habitually barefoot runners with runners who normally run in modern running shoes with built - up heels , stiff soles and arch support .
Here is a summary of our findings , which we explain with the aid of videos and images in the following pages :
Our research asked how and why humans can and did run comfortably without modern running shoes .
We tested and confirmed what many people knew already : that most experienced , habitually barefoot runners tend to avoid landing on the heel and instead land with a forefoot or midfoot strike .
The bulk of our published research explores the collisional mechanics of different kinds of foot strikes .
We show that most forefoot and some midfoot strikes ( shod or barefoot ) do not generate the sudden , large impact transients that occur when you heel strike ( shod or barefoot ) .
Consequently , runners who forefoot or midfoot strike do not need shoes with elevated cushioned heels to cope with these sudden , high transient forces that occur when you land on the ground .
Therefore , barefoot and minimally shod people can run easily on the hardest surfaces in the world without discomfort from landing .
If impact transient forces contribute to some forms of injury , then this style of running ( shod or barefoot ) might have some benefits , but that hypothesis remains to be tested .
Lieberman DE , Venkadesan M , Werbel WA , Daoud AI , D'Andrea S , Davis IS , Mang'eni RO , Pitsiladis Y. ( 2010 ) Foot strike patterns and collision forces in habitually barefoot versus shod runners .
Nature 463 : 531-5 .
Bramble DM and Lieberman , DE ( 2004 ) Endurance running and the Evolution of Homo .
Nature .
432 : 345-352 .
Please note that we present no data on how people should run , whether shoes cause some injuries , or whether barefoot running causes other kinds of injuries .
We believe there is a strong need for controlled , prospective studies on these issues .
This website provides information on : Human evolution and endurance running Foot and lower limb biomechanics when running in shoes Foot and lower limb biomechanics when running barefoot or in minimal shoes Biomechanical differences between forefoot striking and heel striking Tools to help assess potential benefits of learning to forefoot strike Transitioning safely to forefoot striking barefoot or in minimal footwear Next Page ⇒
Separatists of angolan enclave of Cabinda , perpetrators of the attack on the Togo national football team , today said that “ guns will continue to talk ” in Cabinda .
Declarations have been done at telephone by Rodrigues Mingas , responsable of separatist group that has claimed the attack against the delegation of Togo in Africa Coup .
Mingas , talking at telephone from Paris where lives in exile , has explained : “ We are in war and all shots are allowed ” .
News about attack
The News :
http://www.ilgiornal … 83-page=0-comments=1
http://www.corriere.
… b-00144f02aabe.shtml
The Benefits of Using Cash Loans
Are you in urgent need of some extra cash ?
Maybe you were convinced that you budgeted for this month perfectly , but then you found a bill in your letterbox that has derailed all of your plans .
Perhaps you have an expense that you have to handle now that you could n’t possibly have predicted – like the cost of an emergency doctor ’s appointment ?
How much would you like to borrow ?
$ 100 $ 200 $ 300 $ 400 $ 500 $ 600 $ 700 $ 800 $ 900 $ 1000 $ 1100 $ 1200 $ 1300 $ 1400 $ 1500 $ 1600 $ 1700 $ 1800 $ 1900 $ 2000 $ 2100 $ 2200 $ 2300 $ 2400 $ 2500 $ 2600 $ 2700 $ 2800 $ 2900 $ 3000 $ 3100 $ 3200 $ 3300 $ 3400 $ 3500 $ 3600 $ 3700 $ 3800 $ 3900 $ 4000 $ 4100 $ 4200 $ 4300 $ 4400 $ 4500 $ 4600 $ 4700 $ 4800 $ 4900 $ 5000 Get Started
By submitting my information , I acknowledge I have read , understand , and agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions of Use .
I understand that by submitting my information , I may be contacted by telephone by one lender .
Whatever the reason that you might be searching for your home for a few extra dollars , finding yourself with a need for some emergency money can be a stressful situation .
Usually , there wo n’t be someone in your life that you can turn to bail you out of a sticky situation .
What ’s more , if you try to turn to a bank for a loan , they often spend weeks making you come for appointments , speak to people on the phone , and jump through hoops with complex application processes .
Even if you do get through the whole application process in one piece , you might find that you ca n’t be approved for the loan that you wanted because you do n’t have the best credit rating .
It ’s enough to get anyone pulling their hair out .
Fortunately , there is a better way .
Cash loans could be the answer to your problems .
What is a Cash Loan ?
A cash loan is another term commonly used to describe payday lending .
Payday lending , which is now legal in 27 states provides a quick and easy way for customers to borrow money immediately to deal with emergencies .
Payday providers can give you the money you need from a local store , if you need to get your hands on actual physical cash .
This is often a good option for people who are worried about being able to access a loan because of problems with their bank .
Additionally , payday providers can also give you the freedom to borrow the money that you need online too .
If you take this strategy , then you might be able to have the cash that you need distributed into your bank account within 24 hours of making your applications .
This kind of lending comes with plenty of federal regulation around it – both in the 27 states where payday lending is fully supported , and the 9 states where you can get payday loans with certain stipulations .
This means that there are 36 states in total where you can borrow money quickly and safely – without any unnecessary hassle .
The regulation around this kind of loan means that you can rest assured that any lender you borrow from will be keeping your best interests in mind .
Who Can Borrow This Way ?
Payday loans and other forms of short - term lending are specifically designed for people who need to access money quickly without delay .
As mentioned above , personal loans can be a great solution for some purposes , but they can also come with a lot of time - consuming issues that can make your life even more stressful when you need to deal with an emergency fast .
The great thing about payday lending , is that it ’s designed to appeal to all kinds of people .
You do n’t need to be a person with the best credit rating or a fantastic financial history to borrow money this way .
As long as you can show that you live in a state that approves payday lending and you have a regular income you have a good chance of being approved .
There are even cash advance lenders out there that can help you out if you have a bad credit history .
These specialist lenders will look beyond your credit score when deciding whether to give you the money that you need .
After all , the short term loans that they ’re giving you mean that the company is taking on less risk .
They know that they ’re only giving you money for up to 1 month at a time .
That means that there ’s less chance that something will go wrong that will make it difficult for you to pay back what you owe .
Depending on where you live , however it ’s worth noting that there may be restrictions on how much you can borrow and how .
There are some states in America today that will prevent people from taking out weekend payday loans if they already have a number of loans under their name .
How to Get a Cash Loan Safely
The regulations and rules in the payday loan environment within the US ensure that no matter where you live , you should be able to feel safe when you ’re applying for a loan .
If you decide that the best way to get a cash payment for your current emergency situation is with a payday loan , then there are a few things you can do to boost your chances of success .
Do your research :
As well as making sure that you know the basics of payday lending and regulations in your state , it ’s worth ensuring that you know as much as possible about the company that you ’re going to be borrowing from .
How much money have they lent out before ?
What do their previous customers say about them , and do they have any certifications that can help to put your mind at ease ?
As well as making sure that you know the basics of payday lending and regulations in your state , it ’s worth ensuring that you know as much as possible about the company that you ’re going to be borrowing from .
How much money have they lent out before ?
What do their previous customers say about them , and do they have any certifications that can help to put your mind at ease ?
Read the terms and conditions :
Make sure you know what kind of things your lender will be looking at when you apply for a payday loan .
This will ensure that you understand which information you have to give , and it should improve your chances of being approved for your loans .
Make sure you know what kind of things your lender will be looking at when you apply for a payday loan .
This will ensure that you understand which information you have to give , and it should improve your chances of being approved for your loans .
Know how payday loans work : Remember that just because payday loans are easier to be approved for with bad credit – does n’t mean that your credit does n’t matter .
Your lender will still check your credit score before deciding whether to give you a loan .
Avoid any company that claims that they can give you a loan without looking at your score .
Remember that just because payday loans are easier to be approved for with bad credit – does n’t mean that your credit does n’t matter .
Your lender will still check your credit score before deciding whether to give you a loan .
Avoid any company that claims that they can give you a loan without looking at your score .
Consider soft checks :
If you can find a payday provider that will give you an idea of whether you will be approved for a loan using a soft credit check , this could help to increase your chances of finding the right lender , without leaving marks on your credit score .
If you can find a payday provider that will give you an idea of whether you will be approved for a loan using a soft credit check , this could help to increase your chances of finding the right lender , without leaving marks on your credit score .
Know your repayment schedule :
Make sure you understand exactly how much you need to pay back , and when you ’ll be paying back what you owe .
Most cash lenders in this area will expect you to repay the full cost of your loan on your next payday .
You may need to use a post - dated check to provide this payment .
Sometimes , you may come across loan providers that offer extra features and solutions to consider .
For instance , there are companies that offer rollover loans that you can access when you need longer to pay back the money you ’ve taken .
Additionally , you can find lenders that are specially designed to help people with bad credit who might not be approved anywhere else .
Should You Consider a Cash Lending Service ?
Cash borrowing is just one of the ways that you can access the money you need to deal with a financial emergency .
Unlike any other kind of loan on the market today , payday loans can give you much faster access to cash when you ’re struggling .
What ’s more , the companies that provide this kind of loan know how difficult it can be to deal with emergency expenses .
Because of this , they make the application and approval process as simple as possible .
Compared to digging into your credit card limit , or over - using your overdraft , a cash lending option can be a much more affordable and convenient way to overcome problematic bills and unexpected costs in your life .
What ’s more , this kind of lending offers a host of other benefits , from streamlined applications to fast payments .
There are plenty of loan providers in the payday environment that can tell you whether you ’re likely to be approved for the loan that you ’re requesting in a matter of hours .
What ’s more , if you are approved , there are some cases where you may be able to get the cash that you ’re looking for into your account or your hands within 24 hours or less .
When you ’re dealing with an unexpected emergency in your life , the last thing you want is to answer hundreds of questions for a judgmental bank or wait weeks to hear if your application has gone through .
A payday loan eliminates those problems once and for all .
Why Use Us ?
How much do you offer ?
$ 100 - $ 5,000 No charges Approval Chance ?
Good High approvals !
Is poor / bad credit accepted ?
Yes All can apply
How do I get a loan ?
Apply Online 2 min Application
Do I pay it all back at once ?
No Easy repayments
Get Rid of Debt Fast
Not only are quick loans incredibly convenient when you need money in a hurry , but they ’re also fantastic for those people who would rather not spend all of their free time worrying about their debts .
If you do n’t want to change your lifestyle or your budget because of one emergency expense , a payday loan can help with that .
When you borrow from this kind of short - term solution , you can get out of debt as quickly as possible .
With just one repayment , you can get your life and your finances back on track .
You might even notice a boost in your credit score too .
Check out your options for quick lending today .
On the last day of November , 2009 , after the initial rush of excitement around Google 's Chrome OS launch had quieted a bit , Ryan Paul and I sat down with Matthew Papakipos , the engineering director for the Chrome OS project , and Eitan Bencuya , from Google PR .
I had done my best to sort out the why 's and wherefore 's of Google 's first consumer OS effort in my initial launch coverage but I still had many questions about the past , present , and future of the project .
What followed that afternoon was an interview that was so candid , in - depth , and informative about not just Chrome OS , but about the present and future of the Web as a distributed application platform , that we chose to sit on the results until the holiday and CES madness had passed .
So , in this brief pause between CES and the coming iSlate hysteria , we present our Chrome OS interview .
Over the course of the interview , Papakipos and Bencuya go into considerable detail about topics that range from big - picture perspectives on how Google develops software and where it sees the Web going with HTML5 , to the nuts and bolts of what Chrome OS is slated to offer in specific areas .
In short , we cover the following ground :
How and when the Chrome OS project was conceived
The relationship between Chrome OS and Android
How Google is trying to tackle the same " file handler " problem as Windows OLE and the registry , but in the cloud .
Who Google sees as the target audience for Chrome OS , how did they decide which projects and features to pursue
The convergence of the phone and the computer
Nuts and bolts details , like native client execution , security , and UI issues
The significance of Chrome 's built - in media player
In the text below , the speakers should be obvious , but just in case you need it : JS is me ( Jon Stokes ) , RP is Ryan Paul , MP is Matthew Papakipos , and EB is Eitan Bencuya .
How Chrome OS started , and where it 's going
JS : I want to ask about the history of this .
Did you know that this was something you wanted to do when you started at Google , or did you just slot into this [ as an existing project ] ... did you cook up the idea ?
MP : How open can I be about this Eitan ?
EB : The way that we 've thought about this for a while is if you read the Chrome OS blog post that we did in July , and you read the Chrome browser blog post that we did in September in 2008 , they 're very similar .
They 're essentially the same thing .
And the reason is because when we were building Chrome the browser , we realized that everyone is spending their time online .
So essentially we were trying to build something that mimics this operating system feel — there 's a task manager in Chrome , and that was one of the early additions to Chrome .
So there 's this trajectory where we kind of realized that this is the direction that we 're going , but we did n't start coding and having engineers working on a Chrome OS until this year .
MP : Yeah , we did n't start coding until this year .
But yeah , I sort of was thinking about it ever since I got here to Google two years ago .
The crazy notion of " why does n't Google go make a consumer operating system ? "
But I think most of us assumed it would n't happen for a bit longer .
The interesting thing was that the market was ready for it faster than we expected .
I think part of it is the shift to the Web has been going faster than we expected , but there are also some interesting developments that made it look ready even a year or two earlier than we expected .
Part of it is the netbook phenomenon — the fact that netbooks took off .
If netbooks had n't happened , and we were all still talking about laptops , I think we probably would n't be doing this yet .
Part of what spurred it was people getting these really tiny portables and the fact that ... well , [ look at ] their name , " netbook . "
I 've been puzzling over that for a while , when I first started seeing them .
Why are they called netbooks ; there 's nothing net -y about these ; they 're just laptops that are small .
It 's interesting that they got perceived from the beginning as being about the ' Net , and about the Web .
Your current computer is a somewhat unpleasant device : you put it on your lap , you sit on the couch , you start working , it starts burning your leg , you start running out of battery .
And I think part of it is just the way that people ended up using them .
The people who were buying them were tending to use the browser for most of their apps , so people started calling them netbooks .
But that made us realize that this was happening faster than we had thought .
When you buy a netbook , you do n't really install Photoshop on it , or Outlook .
It 's too cheap — it 's a $ 300 machine , [ and ] it does n't make sense to go install expensive software on it ... which is great software , but you do n't go install Call of Duty 6 on it .
It 's not that kind of machine .
JS : Right .
So the netbook proved the market for , not necessarily thin - client , but a sort of " svelte " client — a slimmed down ...
MP : ... a lighter computer .
JS : Yeah .
MP : But it 's still a real computer ; just not the kind of thing that you 're going to install major content creation applications on .
Or sit down for a four - hour gaming session with your Call of Duty buddies .
But there 's also other interesting stuff that 's happened .
Processors have gotten lower - power , so that the low - power processors are very cool .
Both the x86 stuff and also the ARM stuff .
And I personally have been surprised by how fast some of the ARM stuff has been happening ; and that 's one of the other things that got us really excited about netbooks — the prospect of really low - power computers .
Your current computer is a somewhat unpleasant device : you put it on your lap , you sit on the couch , you start working , it starts burning your leg , you start running out of battery .
Some of the new low - power ones really last for 8 to 10 hours on a charge , and some of them do n't have fans .
They 're really cool , quiet machines that last for a long time , which is actually what you 'd like your laptop to be , right ?
It 's kind of a bummer that today , your laptop really is a two - and - half hour computer .
You sit down , you do two hours of work and are like , " Ah , it 's gonna crater , " so you bring it back to your desk and plug it in , and you 're like , " Now I do n't have a laptop anymore . "
So then you find yourself sitting at your desk , working on your laptop , which is pretty lame .
JS : Well , a lot of us have gone laptop - only .
I actually went MacBook Air-only , from a 15 " MacBook , and I can plug this into my 30 " monitor and have all the screen real - estate that I need .
But I only do that if I have to mess with a spreadsheet or something .
MP : But the other thing is that you find yourself forced to do it , right ?
Just because you 're using it somewhere else for the convenience , but then you have to plug in , and you 're like , " I might as well sit at my desk and plug it all into everything , in that case . "
EB : And you carry around your charger cord , and that adds weight to your bag .
MP : Yeah , I was laughing at that over the weekend , because I was showing my dad one of these [ Chrome OS portables ] , and I said , " Can you grab that one from the other room , " so he brought it and the charger in .
And I said , " Dad , it 's a netbook ... you do n't need the charger " [ laughs ] .
But it 's so funny that that 's reflexive , and people assume it wo n't last very long without the charger .
Despite irrefutable proof that HIV treatments have proven benefits , AIDS denialists continue to deny their value .
In a paper just published online in Springer 's journal AIDS and Behavior , Professor Myron Essex and Dr. Pride Chigwedere , from the Harvard School of Public Health AIDS Initiative in the US , provide additional proof that withholding HIV treatments with proven benefits led to the death of 330,000 people in South Africa as the result of AIDS denialist policies .
They also show that the harm has not been reversed and highlight that when denialism enters public health practice , as in South Africa , the consequences are disastrous .
AIDS denialists refute that HIV causes AIDS , that antiretroviral drugs are useful , and lastly , that millions of people worldwide have died from AIDS .
AIDS denialists represent a growing movement that has considerable visibility on the Internet .
Despite their views , it is estimated that from 2000 to 2005 , at least 330,000 South Africans died prematurely and 35,000 babies were infected with HIV as a result of former president Thabo Mbeki 's decision to withhold antiretroviral drugs , based on advice from American AIDS denialists .
In their thought - provoking paper , Essex and Chigwedere review the potent effects of HIV treatments and their missed opportunities in South Africa .
They respond persuasively to AIDS denialist arguments with robust scientific evidence .
They also discuss the key implications of the relationship between AIDS denialism and public health practice , using South Africa as the example .
Finally , they argue for accountability for the human rights violations and loss of hundreds of thousands of lives , as well as the need to reform public health practice to include standards and accountability .
The authors conclude : " There is a need for honesty and peer review in situations that impact public health policy .
When AIDS denialism enters public health practice , the consequences are tragic .
The implications start in honest science but extend to the need for accountability and , perhaps , public health reform . "
###
Reference
1. Chigwedere P & Essex M ( 2010 ) .
AIDS denialism and public health practice .
AIDS & Behavior ; DOI 10.1007/s10461-009-9654-7
The full - text article is available to journalists as a pdf .
Today Google is kicking off its third installment of Doodle for Google , a yearly nationwide art contest for students in grades K - 12 .
Eligible students can submit their own " Google Doodles , " and the winning Doodle will appear on Google 's homepage for one day .
Plus the winner and his or her school will receive money and scholarships .
The theme for this year 's competition is " If I Could Do Anything , I Would ... " and the idea is to encourage kids to think about the future , dream big and push the limits .
The official Doodle 4 Google website has all the details on how to enter .
Only kids from registered schools can compete , so kids ( and parents ) , talk to your administrators and make sure they 're in on the fun .
The deadline for school registrations is March 17 , 2010 , and the deadline for Doodle submissions is March 31 , 2010 .
We think this is a fun way for Google to give back to schools , while also encouraging kids to express themselves with pen and paper .
Related Stories Making Diagnostics Affordable
What 's That Stuff ?
Topics Covered Amanda Yarnell / C&EN ( Both ) TOASTY
Hand warmers can extend the winter fun .
Text Size A A
For winter sports enthusiasts , hand warmers can mean the difference between calling it a day early and playing outside for as long as possible .
In fact , anyone who braves cold temperatures might be tempted to try the little pouches that emit warmth within seconds of being exposed to air .
Hand warmers date back centuries to when the Japanese would use hot stones to warm their hands , says Keiko Ishikawa , a marketing manager of hand - warmer maker Mycoal USA .
Portable hand warmers filled with hot ash were the version that followed , she says .
These days , disposable hand warmers turn up the heat in your mittens by means of an exothermic reaction that , in essence , just creates rust .
Each pouch typically contains iron powder , salt , water , an absorbent material , and activated carbon .
When the pouch is removed from its outer packaging , oxygen drifts across the pouch ’s permeable covering .
With salt and water present , the oxygen reacts with the iron powder located inside to form iron oxide ( Fe 2 O 3 ) and release heat .
The absorbent material can be vermiculite , pulverized wood , or a superabsorbent polymer such as polyacrylate .
It helps retain the moisture so that the reaction can occur .
The activated carbon helps to evenly disperse the heat produced , which can average 135 °F .
Although the chemistry of disposable hand warmers is simple , their engineering is more complicated .
“ You want to make this thing act quickly because people like to open up the packet and feel warm right away , but you also want it to last a long time , ” says Joe Vergona , manager of engineering and product development for Grabber Performance Group , a Grand Rapids , Mich . - based company that sells hand warmers .
For example , some hand warmers last seven hours , and others can last more than 24 hours .
To lengthen the time a hand warmer lasts , some companies opt to increase the amount of iron in the packet , Vergona says .
Another strategy is to experiment with the iron powder .
“ If you vary the raw materials in the warmer , you can change how quickly the reaction happens or how much of the warmer is reacted at one time , ” Vergona adds .
For example , the greater the surface area of the iron , the more it can react with oxygen to produce heat , he says .
The pouch material also affects the performance of the hand warmers .
“ It ’s a balance of the ingredients inside the pack and the performance characteristics of the pouch itself , ” Vergona says .
The iron powder and other ingredients are contained in a blended nonwoven material that has specific permeability characteristics .
If the pouch admits more oxygen , the reaction occurs more quickly .
Toe warmers , for example , use a nonwoven material that lets in more oxygen to compensate for the low - oxygen environment inside a shoe .
“ The level of perforation , the size of the holes — all that ’s going to govern how much oxygen enters the warmer , ” Vergona says .
“ You want to make this thing act quickly because people like to open up the packet and feel warm right away . ”
To extend the shelf life of hand warmers , the outside wrapper is specially chosen to ensure that minimal amounts of oxygen get in and minimal water gets out .
“ Any old plastic , and the hand warmers will last a week and die , ” because oxygen can get in and spoil the product , Vergona says .
The outside wrappers are usually made of polymers such as the plastic polyethylene .
The main difference between disposable hand warmers and some reusable versions is the chemicals used to produce the heat - releasing reaction .
Reusable hand warmers do n’t contain iron but instead use a supersaturated solution of sodium acetate that releases heat as it crystallizes .
Boiling the used packet restores the solution to its supersaturated state .
Air -activated hand warmers ca n’t be reused .
Besides warming hands and feet , the technology has other applications .
For example , Grabber sells heavy - duty warmers that can be used to transport tropical fish .
The company is also expanding into the medical and therapeutic fields .
Hand warmers can even be used to teach exothermic reactions , as Kathy Ceceri , a mom who homeschools her children , discovered .
The packaging instructions might have “ said not to open the packet , but I immediately opened it and poured the contents into a glass jar , ” she says , noting that the iron powder began to smoke .
By completely exposing the iron to air , she accelerated the exothermic reaction .
Ceceri —and anyone else who ’s used hand warmers — has discovered that there ’s nothing like simple chemistry to help turn up the heat .
Glitter - Sized Solar Panels Use 100 Times Less Silicon to Generate Electricity
As a preschool teacher , glitter is part of my world .
These tiny , shiny flecks are loved by little children , yet are detested for the problem their tiny size makes clean - up .
Solar energy used to have the opposite problem : the large size of photovoltaic panels needed to produce energy was considered prohibitive for many applications .
Such concerns are no longer , as scientists have successfully developed “ tiny glitter - sized photovoltaic cells that could revolutionize the way solar energy is collected and used . ”
Developed at Sandia National Laboratories in Washington , DC , researchers believe the glitter solar panels could be applied to our clothing and accessories .
The tiny cells could turn a person into a walking solar battery charger if they were fastened to flexible substrates molded around unusual shapes , such as clothing …
Sandia lead investigator Greg Nielson said the research team has identified more than 20 benefits of scale for its microphotovoltaic cells .
These include new applications , improved performance , potential for reduced costs and higher efficiencies .
“ Eventually units could be mass - produced and wrapped around unusual shapes for building - integrated solar , tents and maybe even clothing , ” he said .
This would make it possible for hunters , hikers or military personnel in the field to recharge batteries for phones , cameras and other electronic devices as they walk or rest .
Although I am not sure I want solar panels in my clothing , no matter what the size , it is exciting to think of the versatile applications of this tiny sized PV cell .
Another exciting development regarding these glitter - sized solar cells is that they use “ 100 times less silicon ” to generate the same amount of electricity as conventional cells .
Silicon shortages have long been a concern of the solar industry , but relief is in site .
The Christian Science Monitor explains :
Quartz , the raw material for solar panels , is one of the most abundant minerals on earth .
But for years , the solar industry has faced a bottleneck in processing quartz into polysilicon , a principal material used in most solar panels .
The problem stalled a steady decline in prices for solar panels .
Now the silicon shortage may be coming to an end , predict some solar analysts , thanks to new factories coming online .
If true , the price for solar panel modules could start falling by as much as a third by 2010 , says Travis Bradford , president of the Prometheus Institute for Sustainable Development in Cambridge , Mass .
That ’s good news for an industry that remains one of the most expensive power sources .
Although this shortage has eased up in recent years , using less silicon to generate the same amount of energy is a positive move from a conservation viewpoint .
All that glitters may not be gold , but it may produce energy from the sun !
Please follow and like us :
Related
Analysists Harris asked one simple question to 2,000 adults who regularly surf the Web : “ How much , if anything , would you be willing to pay per month in order to read a daily newspaper ’s content online ? ”
Before you read on –have a think about that yourself , and come up with a figure you ’d find acceptable .
The debate about the future of journalism rages on , with novel ideas and tantrums from all sides .
But this piece of news is sure to give the argument a big shove :
More research has shown that most people just wo n’t pay for online newspapers .
The figures are almost impossible to question :
The vast majority , that ’s 77 % , of those surveyed said their price limit for paying for online newspapers was zero ( East coasters were more definite about this with an 81 % figure . )
That ’s terrible news for those in the industry who think that future revenues lie in bricking up their news content behind a pay wall .
And it gets worse :
The 23 % segment who are prepared to pay anything at all is dominated by 19 % in the “ $ 1 to $ 10 ” category–a pitiful sum as far as newspaper moguls would be concerned .
Perhaps most damning is the statistic revealed elsewhere in the survey that 10 % of those questioned never read a newspaper at all , either physically or online .
This should n’t be surprising –we ’ve known for years that print newspaper readership is in a slow decline , and those of us who spend much time online are thoroughly used to the idea of paying nothing at all to view Web content .
Nevertheless , that stark 77 % figure is surely food for thought for the Murdoch - supporters in the news industry .
Will it convince the old guard that paywalls are a dumb idea ?
Almost certainly not , of course .
Those in charge of newsprint ’s oldest purse strings will argue that their position on paywalls is the right one , and that the public just needs to like it or lump it .
They ’ll probably even throw in the tired old line that this is the only route to go if the tradition of the free ( how ironic ) press is to be continued into the future .
But it seems those advocating this tactic will have a lot of work to do : Convincing nearly 80 % of its audience that they ’re wrong wo n’t be easy .
And there may be another implication , concerning e-readers .
Much noise is made about the possibility of e-readers being a new home for traditional newspapers–after all , the e-ink page is typically black and white , and the text is locked , protected , and uneditable ( compared to Web pages ) .
But if 77 % of people wo n’t pay for online papers , why would they shell out even more pay for an e-reader version ?
[ Via CNET ]
The eye - catcher at the Apple Market in Kivik ( sweden ) must be the " apple art " : pieces of art that look like paintings , but are actually pieced together by tons and tons of colorful apples , like a mosaic !
The paintings made of apples look beautiful , but weigh up to 4 tons .
Amazing apple art !
The Washington bureau chief for Mother Jones magazine is n’t mincing any words when it comes to security contractor Blackwater .
The company is “ Rambo meets Wall Street , ” David Corn told MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann Thursday night .
In an interview about a recent allegation that the company put a prostitute on its payroll for “ morale ” purposes , Corn argued the company , which has renamed itself Xe Services , has effectively run rampant .
ADVERTISEMENT
The company ’s well - chronicled use of excessive force is “ done in our name , to protect diplomats , ” Corn said , but the government and taxpayers do n’t have much control over it .
“ The problem is these are operations that perhaps should be done by the government itself so that taxpayers who pay for it themselves can have full accountability of what ’s being done in return for the dollars they spend , ” Corn said .
A pair of whistleblowers accused Blackwater earlier this week of “ defrauding the government for years with phony billing , including charging for a prostitute , alcohol and spa trips , ” according to the Washington Post .
It ’s not the first time the company has been accused of spending taxpayer money on prostitution .
Last summer , former employees of the company said it had used child prostitutes at its compound in Baghdad .
Earlier this week , the Iraqi government gave 250 current and former Blackwater employees seven days to leave the country .
But Corn said that “ might have been a political ploy ” by Iraqi authorities .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Feb. 11 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
He may lapse back into his Camus coma at any moment .
But on Friday he dropped the diffident debutante act and offered , as he did at the State of the Union , some welcome gumption .
“ You know , ” he said , halfway through his sparring session with Republicans , “ I ’m having fun . ”
When he was running for president , John McCain said that if he won , he would regularly take questions in the peppering style of the British prime minister in the House of Commons .
But it was Obama who ended up doing just such a Ping - Pong session , standing in a hotel ballroom and giving as good he got , to -ing and fro-ing in a far more vivid way than in the presidential debates .
The president chided his audience for casting his health care plan as a “ Bolshevik plot ” and for telling folks back home that he ’s “ doing all kinds of crazy stuff that ’s going to destroy America . ”
But Obama also acknowledged that the Republicans have some good ideas , and that , as it turned out , was what they yearned to hear .
In the end , the Republicans may well go back to being inflexibly inflexible with this president , but for a moment in time , each side realized that the other side had something to say .
It was , as The Times ’s reporters Peter Baker and Carl Hulse called it , a televised marriage - therapy session “ as each side vented grievances pent up after a year of partisan gridlock . ”
Carly ’s Law
Fifteen - year - old South Australian Carly Ryan was murdered in 2007 .
The 50 - year - old man found guilty of her murder had used fabricated online identities to attempt to seduce the girl and , when she ultimately rejected his advances , he used another identity to lure her to a beach - side town where he bashed and drowned her .
Independent South Australian senator Nick Xenophon now intends to introduce a private member ’s bill which would make it an offence for an adult to misrepresent their age online for the purpose of meeting minors .
Carly ’s mother , who plans to establish a foundation to promote awareness of the risks children face online , has said she supports the bill .
The story of Carly Ryan is terrible .
Just hearing the story triggers a shiver of disgust and horror and those who are parents themselves may well be worrying about the risks posed to their own children by shadowy online stalkers .
Politicians are human too and react the same way .
Indeed Nick Xenophon ’s reaction follows a common pattern that has emerged around the world in recent decades .
The pattern starts with a terrible crime committed against a child .
This is followed by extensive and sometimes lurid media coverage .
A politician will then call for new laws to “ prevent this happening to others ” .
It would be a brave politician who would argue against such a law and thereby risk appearing insensitive to the plight of the victim and the grief of their distraught family .
So they do not oppose it and new laws are passed .
The pattern is clearest in the United States .
The archetypal example is Megan ’s Law .
In 1994 seven - year - old Megan Kanka was raped and murdered by a repeat sexual offender .
Her name has since been attached to laws introduced across the country requiring a public register of sex offenders .
Other examples fitting the pattern include Jessica ’s Law in Florida which imposes a minimum 25 - year sentence on sex offenders .
Nick Xenophon ’s “ Carly ’s Law ” could well be another in this sequence .
But , how effective are laws like this in curbing the criminal behaviour they are targeting ?
In 2008 , the US Department of Justice funded a study of the efficacy of Megan ’s Law .
The authors found that “ Megan ’s Law showed no demonstrable effect in reducing sexual re-offenses ” .
Furthermore , it observed that the cost of implementing the registers had continued to rise .
Their executive summary concluded phlegmatically :
Given the lack of demonstrated effect of Megan ’s Law on sexual offenses , the growing costs may not be justifiable .
One of the problems with laws of this kind is that the offences that give rise to them are in fact extremely rare .
The level of media attention they receive distorts accurate perceptions of the risks involved .
According to the victims of crime data published by the Australian Bureau of Statistics , the incidence of kidnapping or abduction of children in 2008 was 8 in 100,000 .
Of course , included in this figure are abductions by people who are known to the victim ( varying by State from 30 - 50 % ) , including estranged family members and not all would involve sexual assault .
Overall rates of sexual assault are higher ( the Bureau does not provide a breakdown by victims ’ age group at a national level ) , but an even higher proportion of perpetrators of sexual assault are known to the victim .
Now some would dispute the relevance of figures such as these .
After all , if legislation is able to save even one child , is n’t that worth it ?
The problem with this reasoning is that our society has finite resources .
While the politicians who pass these laws can simply move on to the next issue , the public sector is saddled with the cost of implementing it .
The laws must be policed if they are to serve any purpose at all and those in breach of the laws must be tried .
But this means that police and court time , which is already stretched , must be diverted to these new laws .
While one child may be saved from a “ stranger danger ” , it could well be that others would suffer at the hands of drunk drivers missed by the police , or perhaps abusive family members not restrained by the courts .
We would never know , but certainly laws do n’t come for free any more than lunches .
In recent years , the pattern has shifted from the broader issue of sexual assault of children to online “ predators ” , to use the term that has become so common in media reports .
The image conjured up is that of the paedophilic older man masquerading as a teenager ; in other words , precisely the target of Nick Xenophon ’s new bill .
At first glance , there are statistics that suggest that the internet may well be rife with such predators .
The US National Center for Missing & Exploited Children has conducted surveys which indicate that one in seven children in the United States between the ages of 10 and 17 who use the internet have received a sexual solicitation online .
However , digging deeper into the data suggests that the stereotypical image of the predator is not particularly accurate .
In 2008 , University of New Hampshire researchers published an overview of the research into online sexual victimization , Online “ Predators ” and their Victims : Myths , Realities and Implications for Prevention and Treatment .
They conclude that most of these advances are in fact made by other youths , which in itself suggests that more attention could be given to problems of cyber - bullying .
Even when the solicitation is made by an adult , they observe that :
In the great majority of cases , victims are aware they are conversing online with adults .
In the N - JOV Study , only 5 % of offenders pretended to be teens when they met potential victims online .
A better understanding of what is actually taking place would suggest focusing on the broader problem rather than on the lurid but exceptional examples such as Carly Ryan ’s case .
To this end , the paper concludes by arguing
While online molesters take advantage of developmentally normal adolescent interests in romance and sex , some youth may be particularly at risk .
This group includes boys who are gay or questioning their sexual orientation ; youth with histories of sexual or physical abuse ; and those who frequent chatrooms , talk online to unknown people about sex , or engage in patterns of risky off - or online behavior .
While there is little research about online child molesters , they appear to occupy a restricted range on the spectrum of the sex offender population and include few true pedophiles or violent or sadistic offenders .
We need frank , accurate prevention programs for youth , thoughtful treatment for victims , and continued research .
I suspect that none of these recommendations will be taken up in Senator Xenophon ’s bill .
Last year ,
The Economist argued the case for reforming sex laws in America and elsewhere due in large part to cruel unintended consequences arising from the well - meaning legislation such as Megan ’s law .
Senator Xenophon has already anticipated some complexities associated with his new bill , noting that it will not apply to adults shaving a few years off their age while using online dating .
However , the lesson of past attempts at legislation in this area is that the bills do little to reduce the crimes they are targeting and instead divert resources and cause problems .
Better then not to pass a Carly ’s law in the first place .
It will not bring Carly back and it is very unlikely to do anyone else any good either .
Time and resources of our legislators , police and judiciary is better spent elsewhere .
Possibly Related Posts ( automatically generated ) :
Slay - Per-View
Posted January 14 , 2010 at 7:00 pm
John and George made it to the UAK ( Ultimate Ass Kicking ) Mixed Martial Arts group .
George 's negotiations probably would have gone better without John in this instance .
Monday we 'll have a strip detailing the training and then Wednesday we 'll have the FIGHT ~ !
The bald headed guy is the UAK president and he 's based off of the real life UFC president , Dana White .
Dana swears ... a lot .
So , so does this character in case you were wondering about the censored text .
Finally , some potentially hopeful news for military veterans coming home with the lingering psychological scars associated with post - traumatic stress disorder .
In a paper for this week 's edition of the New England Journal of Medicine , a team reports finding that troops wounded in Iraq who were treated with morphine right away were less likely to develop PTSD as a result of the incident .
However , the researchers can't yet say for sure why morphine might have this moderate protective effect against PTSD — the pain relief itself could help , but there could be indirect effects that contribute , like morphine blocking certain brain receptors that affect how the brain encodes traumatic memories .
Therefore , it 's too early to use the study in the field .
The study of 696 members of the Army , Navy and Marine Corps , all wounded in Iraq from 2004 to 2006 , found that 61 percent of those who eventually developed PTSD had been given morphine , usually within an hour after being wounded .
But 76 percent of those who did not develop PTSD had been given morphine [ Reuters ]
.
Neither the size of the morphine dose nor the severity of injury appeared to make a difference in the morphine effect , the study says .
" I would be very reluctant to suggest any change in clinical practice , " said Troy Lisa Holbrook of the Naval Health Research Center in San Diego , who headed the study ....
" We need to understand a great deal more how this appears to work " [ Washington Post ]
.
At least the study gives medical researchers a place to start .
More than 40,000 military personnel have been diagnosed with PTSD since the 2003 invasion of Iraq , and Defense Department officials say many more surely have the disorder but have not sought treatment .
Overall , experts estimate that about 20 % of troops and veterans suffer from PTSD , along with 8 % of civilians [ Los Angeles Times ]
. Related Content : 80 beats : Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mouse : Scientists Erase Mice 's Memories 80 beats : Can Playing Tetris Ease the Symptoms of Post - Traumatic Stress ?
DISCOVER : Treating Agony with Ecstasy Cosmic Variance : Guest Post : Tom Levenson on the Iraq War Suicides And the Material Basis of ConsciousnessImage : U.S. Navy : Seabees building a hospital in Iraq
The API documentation for incanter .
processing is still a bit underdeveloped , but is perhaps adequate when combined with the excellent API reference on the Processing website .
Incanter .
processing was forked from of Roland Sadowski ’s clj - processing library in order to provide cleaner integration with Incanter .
I have added a few functions , eliminated some , and changed the names of others .
There were a few instances where I merged multiple functions ( e.g. *- float , *- int ) into a single one to more closely mimic the original Processing API ; I incorporated a couple functions into Incanter ’s existing multi-methods ( e.g. save and view ) ; I eliminated a few functions that duplicated existing Incanter functions and caused naming conflicts ( e.g. sin , cos , tan , asin , acos , atan , etc ) ; and I changed the function signatures of pretty much every function in clj - processing to require the explicit passing of the ‘ sketch ’ ( PApplet ) object , whereas the original library passes it implicitly by requiring that it is bound to a variable called * applet * in each method of the PApplet proxy .
These changes make it easier to use Processing within Incanter , but if you just want to write Processing applications in Clojure without all the dependencies of Incanter , then the original clj - processing library is the best choice .
A Simple Example
The following is sort of a “ hello world ” example that demonstrates the basics of creating an interactive Processing visualization ( a.k.a sketch ) , including defining the sketch ’s setup , draw , and mouseMoved methods and representing state in the sketch using closures and refs .
This example is based on this one , found at John Resig ‘s Processing - js website .
Click on the image above to see the live Processing - js version of the sketch .
Start by loading the incanter .core and incanter .
processing libraries ,
( use '( incanter core processing ) )
Now define some refs that will represent the state of the sketch object ,
( let [ radius ( ref 50.0 ) X ( ref nil ) Y ( ref nil ) nX ( ref nil ) nY ( ref nil ) delay 16
The variable radius will provide the value of the circle ’s radius ; X and Y will indicate the location of the circle ; and nX and nY will indicate the location of the mouse .
We use refs for these values because their values are mutable and need to be available across multiple functions in the sketch object .
Now define a sketch object , which is just a proxied processing .
core .
PApplet , and its required setup method ,
sktch ( sketch ( setup [ ] ( doto this ( size 200 200 ) ( stroke - weight 10 ) ( framerate 15 ) smooth ) ( dosync ( ref - set X ( / ( width this ) 2 ) ) ( ref - set Y ( / ( width this ) 2 ) ) ( ref- set nX @ X ) ( ref- set nY @ Y ) ) )
The first part of the setup method sets the size of the sketch , the stroke weight to be used when drawing , the framerate of the animation , and indicates that anti-aliasing should be used .
The next part of the method uses a dosync block and ref-set to set initial values for the refs .
Note the @ syntax to dereference ( access the values of ) the refs X and Y .
Processing sketches that use animation require the definition of a draw method , which in this case will be invoked 15 times per second as specified by the framerate .
( draw [ ] ( dosync ( ref - set radius (+ @radius ( sin ( / ( frame - count this ) 4 ) ) ) ) ( ref - set X (+ @X ( / (- @nX @ X ) delay ) ) ) ( ref - set Y (+ @Y (/ (- @nY @Y ) delay ) ) ) ) ( doto this ( background 125 ) ;; gray ( fill 0 121 184 ) ( stroke 255 ) ( ellipse @X @Y @radius @radius ) ) )
The first part of the draw method uses dosync and ref-set to set new values for the radius , X , and Y refs for each frame of the animation .
The sin function is used to grow and shrink the radius over time .
The location of the circle , as indicated by X and Y , is determined by the mouse location ( nX and nY ) with a delay factor .
The next part of the draw method draws the background ( i.e. gray background ) and the circle with the ellipse function .
Finally , we need to define the mouseMoved method in order to track the mouse location , using the mouse - x and mouse -y functions , and set the values of the nX and nY refs .
All event functions in incanter .
processing , including mouseMoved , require an event argument ; this is due to limitations of Clojure ’s proxy macro , and is n’t required when using the Processing ’s Java API directly .
( mouseMoved [ mouse - event ] ( dosync ( ref - set nX ( mouse - x mouse - event ) ) ( ref - set nY ( mouse -y mouse - event ) ) ) ) ) ]
Now that the sketch is fully defined , use the view function to display it ,
( view sktch : size [ 200 200 ] ) )
The complete code for this example can be found here .
In future posts I will walk through other examples of Processing visualizations , some of which can be found in the Incanter distribution under incanter / examples / processing .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Incanter , plotting , Processing , This entry was posted in Clojure visualization .
Bookmark the permalink
Your ability to understand or appreciate today ’s comic relies entirely on whether or not you watched Saturday Night Live this weekend with host Sigourney Weaver .
If you ’re at all confused by the punchline , watch this video to be brought up to speed .
As you can see , I ’m really aiming for jokes that will stand the test of time after this video ’s viral status has faded .
I think I may have accomplished making this comic both topical and obscure at the same time .
Of course , last night was The Golden Globes .
Usually I do n’t pay too much attention to the Golden Globes because I do n’t really care what the Hollywood Foreign Press has to say about , well … anything !
But I was interested to see how Ricky Gervais would handle himself as host and was also looking for some kind of trend in terms of what movies might be nominated for Oscars this year .
I was particularly interested in the latter considering that the Academy has opened up the field for Best Picture to 10 nominees .
Could The Hangover ’s win for Best Motion Picture – Comedy Or Musical have any bearings on Oscar nominations ?
We have to wait and see , I guess .
Incidentally , I live - blogged the event last night and you can read the entire transcript here .
I ’m using an application called Cover It Live which allows readers to participate in the conversation .
I think it went really well .
We had a really strong turn out despite very little advance notice .
So I will definitely have to promote the fact that I ’m live blogging for the Oscars .
If you do n’t want to read two hours of snark , here are some of my highlights and lowlights from last night ’s show .
Mo’Nique ’s acceptance speech – Maybe I ’m just over the hype Precious has generated for itself , but the speech that others found uplifting , I found self - important and a pretentious way to start the evening .
– Maybe I ’m just over the hype has generated for itself , but the speech that others found uplifting , I found self - important and a pretentious way to start the evening .
Martin Scorsese wins the Cecil B. DeMille Award – I kind of thought Hollywood was finished giving Scorsese gold watch awards after The Departed , but their montage of his films made me want to sit down and watch every single one of them in order – even Kundun .
Of course , then they had to ruin it by making it a big advertisement for Shutter Island .
Aw , who am I kidding ?
I ’ll still go see it .
It looks like a great Hitchcockian thriller and I was smitten listening to Scorsese talking about film preservation .
Seriously !
– I kind of thought Hollywood was finished giving Scorsese gold watch awards after The Departed , but their montage of his films made me want to sit down and watch every single one of them in order – even .
Of course , then they had to ruin it by making it a big advertisement for .
Aw , who am I kidding ?
I ’ll still go see it .
It looks like a great Hitchcockian thriller and I was smitten listening to Scorsese talking about film preservation .
Seriously !
Glee wins Best Television Series – Comedy Or Musical – Sorry , I ’m not a fan and you ’re not going to convince me that Glee was any better than 30 Rock this season or any other .
Where was all the love for prime - time musicals when Cop Rock was on the air ?
– Sorry , I ’m not a fan and you ’re not going to convince me that was any better than this season or any other .
Where was all the love for prime - time musicals when was on the air ?
Ricky Gervais as host – I thought he got in a good dig on Mel Gibson as someone who “ likes to have a drink from time to time , ” but found him classless for plugging his HBO series at the end of the show before dashing away from the podium .
– I thought he got in a good dig on Mel Gibson as someone who “ likes to have a drink from time to time , ” but found him classless for plugging his HBO series at the end of the show before dashing away from the podium .
Up wins Best Animated Feature Film and Best Original Score – Motion Picture – I was legitimately thrilled when I saw Up win for Best Animated Feature … until I remembered Fantastic Mr. Fox was up for the same role .
( Maybe I should flip my last two picks for the Top 10 of 2009 … )
There was no disputing Michael Giacchino ’s win for Best Original Score – one of the most emotional and effective of the year .
– I was legitimately thrilled when I saw Up win for Best Animated Feature … until I remembered Fantastic Mr. Fox was up for the same role .
( Maybe I should flip my last two picks for the Top 10 of 2009 … )
There was no disputing Michael Giacchino ’s win for Best Original Score – one of the most emotional and effective of the year .
Christoph Waltz wins Best Performance by an Actor In A Supporting Role for Inglourious Basterds – Another gimme .
If Waltz does n’t win a Best Supporting Oscar , I ’ll be shocked .
The man speaks 4 languages in his performance !
– Another gimme .
If Waltz does n’t win a Best Supporting Oscar , I ’ll be shocked .
The man speaks 4 languages in his performance !
Jason Reitman looked pissed when he lost Best Picture to Avatar – Go back and watch the tape .
He looked livid .
– Go back and watch the tape .
He looked livid .
James Cameron speaks in Na’vi – During his acceptance speech for Best Director , Cameron came precariously close to the pretentiousness that killed any remaining good will I had for Titanic after his boastful “ I ’m the king of the world ” Oscar acceptance speech in 1998 .
Also note that he did n’t thank any of the fans who helped push Avatar to nearly half a billion dollars in box office domestically .
– During his acceptance speech for Best Director , Cameron came precariously close to the pretentiousness that killed any remaining good will I had for after his boastful “ I ’m the king of the world ” Oscar acceptance speech in 1998 .
Also note that he did n’t thank any of the fans who helped push to nearly half a billion dollars in box office domestically .
Robert Downey Jr. wins Best Actor – Comedy or Musical – I was convinced Matt Damon would win for his work in The Informant !
That ’ll teach me to bet against RDJ , who delivered one of the most entertaining speeches of the night .
– I was convinced Matt Damon would win for his work in That ’ll teach me to bet against RDJ , who delivered one of the most entertaining speeches of the night .
Jeff Bridges wins Best Actor – Drama – Another upset , as I was sure George Clooney would win for Up In The Air .
I had a cursory interest in seeing Crazy Heart .
Now it ’s at the top of my “ must see ” list .
– Another upset , as I was sure George Clooney would win for .
I had a cursory interest in seeing .
Now it ’s at the top of my “ must see ” list .
Beards – Between Jon Hamm , Christoph Waltz sporting beards and William Hurt looking like Rutherford B. Hayes , what was up with all the facial hair last night ?
Anyway , that ’s my take on the Golden Globes .
Did any of you watch last night ?
What did you think about the broadcast ?
What were your favorite moments ?
What were your least favorite moments .
Leave your comments below !
Man , Acer's on the warpath .
The world 's second - largest PC manufacturer seems hell - bent on radically changing the status quo , telling Bloomberg today that it's " aggressively pursuing " Chrome OS " so there 's a change to the Microsoft - Intel environment , " with plans to be among the first to ship in Q3 .
That 's somewhat ahead of Google 's own schedule for reaching v1.0 , so yeah , it 's definitely aggressive -- and it also sounds like a strong hint towards an ARM - based Chrome OS machine in our future , but Acer would n't confirm anything .
Still , those are basically fightin ' words , especially since Acer 's framing the future as a choice between " either " Windows or " Google 's defined OS space . "
Acer also promised to fully detail a 6 - inch monochrome e-reader by June with an initial focus on European markets , and we 're also informed of a forthcoming free / cheap application store that will be compatible with Android , Windows Mobile , and , obviously , Chrome OS .
And lest you thought Acer was ignoring the Apple tablet madness that permeates our world , we 're told that an Acer tablet is in the works , accompanied by the candid admission that the Taiwanese giant is waiting to see what Apple has in store before finalizing its own plans .
Yep -- things are getting a little nuts .
[ Editor 's Note :
We 're not just a ( rad ) news site -- we also publish opinions / editorials from our community & employees like this one , though be aware that it may not jive with the opinions of Destructoid as a whole , or how our moms raised us .
Want to post your own article in response ?
Publish it now on our community blogs . ]
We 've talked a lot on Destructoid about console fanboys , those amazing creatures who have been born with the sole purpose of ruining the Internet for real people .
However , there is perhaps a worse kind of fanboy out there -- something more malevolent , more subtle , and altogether more damaging than your average Sony loyalist or Microsoft defender .
I am , of course , talking of the franchise fanboy : those dedicated to a single God , as opposed to a pantheon of console exclusives .
There are certain games that have earned themselves a hardcore following .
It was the recent revelation of Sonic the Hedgehog 4 and the stream of criticism it received that really got me thinking about this .
These people call themselves fans , and we are all happy to go along with it , but when they reveal themselves to be perpetually unsatisfied , prone to complaints over the tiniest details , and outright spiteful , I think they need a new name .
Instead of fans , I declare that they should be known as people who need to shut the f*ck up about everything .
One of the main problems with these so - called fans is the fact that they never want things to change .
They 'd rather that games never evolve , and that 1996 remain the last year a new game was ever made .
Nobody typifies this more than Fallout fanboys , who threw a fitful tantrum over Fallout 3 .
Their problem ?
The fact that it was n't 100 % exactly like the original Fallout .
That 's the original Fallout that , may I remind you , was released in 1997 .
Never mind that games have moved on since then and a game that played exactly like Fallout likely would n't have made any money , and then nobody would get anything in the future .
A lot of these complaints stem from the arrogant idea that the fans know much more about a game than the developers themselves .
They talk as if their word is law , telling us that " this is not a Fallout game . "
In fact , that 's exactly what one man , No Mutants Allowed 's Vince Weller , declared when Fallout 3 came out : " It 's not a Fallout game .
It 's not even a game inspired by Fallout , as I had hoped .
It 's a game that contains a loose assortment of familiar Fallout concepts and names ...
Electricity , pre-war electronic equipment , powered and still working computers ( just think about that for a second ) , working cola & snack machines , weapons , ammo , scrap metal ( needed by many ) , and even unlooted first aid boxes are everywhere . "
Because the game did not adhere 100 % to this one man 's vision of what Fallout was , the game was no longer a Fallout game .
Because various concessions were made to the loot and environment in order to keep the game playable and fun , it was a betrayal .
Oh no , unlooted first aid boxes !
No , it would n't make sense for such things to survive in Fallout 's world , but it 's a videogame , and it has to function like one , which is something that these so - called fans seem to forget .
Yet others hated the game simply because Bethesda was making it .
Some of them were declaring it to be " Elder Scrolls with guns " long before the game was even released .
It 's not like Interplay was incapable of doing much of anything at the time , eh ?
It does n't seem to matter that what these people want is impossible .
If it 's not exactly what they like , then fuck the game .
Fact is , this was the first Fallout game in years , and most people loved it .
So , these people were complaining about a new game for their favorite franchise that was pretty good by all accounts and made a lot of money , ensuring future Fallout games for quite some time .
Yet , had these guys had their way , I doubt we 'd even be talking about Fallout DLC , or New Vegas , or anything Fallout - related right now .
Had these guys had their way , we'd have a game that looked , sounded , and played like something from 1997 , and it would have sold to a small group who would then have likely complained that it had n't changed enough .
Then there is Diablo III , a game that needs no introduction and that has raised a gaggle of complaints that we 've all heard about by now .
This situation , again , stems from the self - important assumption that fans are the be-all and end - all of videogame knowledge , and that if they are not catered to in all departments , then the game may as well be for another franchise entirely .
Diablo purists lost their little minds after viewing Diablo III for the first time .
After seeing just a handful of screenshots , they set up a petition to complain about how bright it was , and cry about the perceived World of Warcraft influences .
Their list of grievances , followed by their list of demands , made for reading that was both hilarious and depressing at the same time .
Here 's what the miserable fans , who had been waiting years for a new Diablo , had to say about their new Diablo :
It is our opinion that the graphic elements that characterize the Diablo universe are not fully present in this sequel , Diablo universe is made of : Gothic and obscure scenarios , cryptic , dark and shadowy dungeons
Graphically realistic world with realistic , dirty and muddy textures
Realistic armory and weaponry without over - sized and exaggerated proportions like big shoulder guards
A macabre , dark and realistic art style
Light radius , as all of you can remember , Diablo dungeons were characterized by the combination of a light radius system with shadows , everything that resides outside of the character vision sight is shadowed .
What we got in Diablo III : Cartoon 'ish art direction , obviously influenced by the Warcraft universe , Diablo isnt Warcraft .
Hand made , pastel looking textures with bold lines , defined contours , smooth colors and clean shapes .
Dungeons with a blue / green environment lighting , technique used in cartoons to depict a dark , creepy and scary feeling but once again , this is Diablo , a mature game , dungeons should have a dark aura with the occasional lights from candles , just like we got in the previews Diablo's .
Character models defined by cartoon characteristics like over - sized and exaggerated parts , vivid colors and unrealistic elements , almost directly taken away from World of Warcraft and pasted to Diablo .
Outside scenarios with vivid colors , beautiful forests with colorful vegetation , shinny and beautiful waterfalls where even rainbows take place .
Cartoon 'ish and unrealistic weaponry and armory , over - sized and stylish armors , over - sized weapons , items that look pasted directly from World of Warcraft .
Blocky , cartoon 'ish graphic elements like big , over - sized fire braziers in dungeons , heavily influenced by the World of Warcraft art style , over - sized and cartoon 'ish scenario decorations like smiling statues , Warcraft styled architecture and decorations .
What we want : A darker , gothic , cryptic and creepier environment .
A more realistic artistic direction , more independent from the Warcraft universe art direction .
Darker dungeons without a blue / green environment , Diablo dungeons are dark and shadowy .
The return of the light radius / shadow system from Diablo 1 and 2 , a concept modified picture made by me roughly shows and suggests how the shadow system should work on Diablo 3 : http://i31.tinypic.com/2zta5o7.jpg
Slightly less colorful and less vivid outside scenarios , they are too heavily influenced by the World of Warcraft ones .
Darker and less colorful landscapes , Tristam never was colorful and beautiful : here 's how it looked in Diablo 1 ( before the evil was released across the lands ) :
http://img126.imageshack.us/img126/5194/tristram2jh.jpg
And most importantly :
An independent and renewed artistic direction , not a recycled art direction taken from the Warcraft world , Diablo never was meant to be as cartoon 'ish as Warcraft , they shall have independent and distinct styles , this isnt happening in Diablo 3 , at first sight it looks like a remake of World of Warcraft , graphically and artistically speaking .
A list of demands .
Like they have hostages or something .
Like their problems represent the problems of the world at large .
Blizzard , for its part , mocked the sniveling of the self - professed fans , who had become so obsessed that they doctored images to make them darker in a bid to " help " Blizzard understand what its own game should look like .
Once again , the sheer arrogance of that is astounding .
Sure , having an opinion on a game is fine , but to judge it before it is even released , and Photoshop screenshots to tell the creators of Diablo that they 're getting their own franchise wrong , is simply narcissistic .
And that brings us neatly to the latest issue , Sonic the Hedgehog 4 , and yet more idiotic fans who believe they understand the game better than anybody else .
I already covered a list of complaints about Sonic 4 in a previous article , but those complaints were mostly from detractors .
It 's a sad day when fans are worse than critics , but that 's the world we live in .
We tend to hurt things we love more than things we hate .
Anyway , the rampant whining of Sonic fans could very well steer us into trouble .
It has before .
When Sonic Advance was released , it was like a breath of fresh air .
Or old air , if you tend to look at it that way .
It was a proper , 2D , old - school Sonic game .
It even had the original Sonic the Hedgehog theme tune .
There was no game closer to a true Sonic game within a hundred miles , but what did the so - called experts say ?
" WAH WAH WAH SONIC IS TOO SLOW ! "
Not only was this ridiculously wrong , it also led to Dimps answering those stupid criticisms with Sonic Advance 2 , a game that put speed over level design and fell into the same " hold down the D - Pad to win " gameplay that haunted all recent Sonic games .
Sonic Advance 2 proved that sometimes , fans really do n't know what the fuck they 're talking about .
I 've said it before and I 'll say it again -- Sonic was never about speed .
Sure , speed was a factor , but it was there as a gameplay reward , not a gameplay substitute .
The focus was on level design , and you 'd get short sections of rails - like speed as little exhilarating treats throughout the game .
Go play the first three Sonic games again and try to tell me that they were about speed .
Compare Sonic 3 to Sonic 4 and try to tell me that Sonic is " too slow . "
Then there are other arguments .
Petitions for Sonic to be redesigned so that he looks exactly like his 16 - bit counterpart .
People going so far as to criticize the fact that Sonic has some color in his eyes , or that his legs are too long .
Once again , this is a game people have wanted for a long time , and as soon as they get it , they start finding other things to moan about .
Even if those things are wrong , or would take the focus away from improving the stuff that matters , or , in the case of Sonic 's speed , would outright ruin the game .
Shit that just does n't matter .
If the game is good , is it really crucial that Sonic 's legs are stubbier ?
Really ?
Is that what we 're reduced to ?
Is that what should be the focal point of a potentially great franchise revival ?
It 's the sheer selfishness of these so - called " fans " that really irritates me .
They do n't care about other fans , or even the developers .
They do n't give a shit that if a developer catered exactly to them , that they could risk making a game with limited appeal and lose money .
You'd think a fan would be happy to see a game in their favorite series make some money , but apparently not .
The more hardcore the fans , the less happy they seem to be .
Being a fan of something is very good .
Fandom itself can be a terrific and fulfilling thing .
However , when our fandom drives us to be miserable and perpetually unsatisfied with everything , perhaps it 's time to call it quits .
If a Diablo fan can't be happy that a new Diablo game is coming , and if a Sonic fan can't let a promising Sonic game by without pointing out niggling non-issues that normal people do n't have a problem with , then that 's a real problem .
Try and remember why you liked something rather than only focusing on the stuff you hate .
Criticism is fine , of course , but the sheer hatred and bile that spews from self - professed fans takes it too far .
I can be a very critical person , especially of the things I love , but I try not to let minor little problems spoil the overall picture .
If something is disappointing when it 's finally in your hands , by all means let it rip .
Just do n't moan because Diablo III has a rainbow in it , or because Fallout 3 was n't developed in 1997 .
Maybe just shut up about everything and try to enjoy something .
February 15 , 2010 : In a surprising move , Sen. Evan Bayh ( D - IN ) announced that he does not plan to seek reelection .
Bayh follows several other Democratic senators who will not be running again this year , but is also among those whose tenure in Congress is a part of the family legacy .
TPM takes a look at some of the family ties in play in the upcoming 2010 elections .
Above , a young Evan Bayh is pictured with his father , former Sen. Birch Bayh , who was elected in 1962 .
Newscom / RSphotos
Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) with his brothers and father , Thomas Dodd , who served as Connecticut Senator from 1959 - 1971 .
Photo courtesy of Sen. Chris Dodd ’s office
Vice President Joe Biden with his two sons ( L - R ) Beau and Hunter shortly after meeting his current wife , Jill .
Beau recently declared that he would not run for his father ’s former Senate seat in Delaware , opting to instead run for re-election for state attorney general .
Newscom / RSPhotos
Rep. Patrick Kennedy ( D - RI ) also announced that , after 16 years , he does not plan to run for Congress again .
Kennedy ’s resignation will leave Capitol Hill without a Kennedy for the first time in decades , marking an end to a fabled political family legacy .
Above , a young Patrick Kennedy is pictured with his father , the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy .
Newscom / Zumawire
Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) and her brother Mitch Landrieu on February 6 , 2010 , the night of his victory in the New Orleans mayoral race .
Their father , Maurice Edwin “ Moon ” Landrieu , was the mayor of New Orleans from 1970 - 1978 .
Newscom / SipaPhotos
California Attorney General Jerry Brown ( D ) , left , holds up a campaign sign for his father , Edmund G. “ Pat ” Brown from when the elder Brown ran for attorney general 50 years ago .
Jerry Brown , the former California governor , is making a run for the Governor ’s mansion again .
Newscom / Zunique
Rep. Roy Blunt ( R - MO ) , a candidate for MO - Senate , and his son Matt , the former Governor of Missouri .
Newscom / UPI
Rep. Kendrick Meek ( D - FL ) , a candidate for the U.S. Senate in Florida , and his mother , former Rep. Carrie P. Meek ( D - FL ) .
Newscom / WENNPhotos
Former Rep. Harold Ford Jr. ( D - TN ) ( left ) , a potential candidate for NY - Senate , and his father , former Rep. Harold Ford Sr. ( D - TN ) ( right ) .
Newscom / SpnPhotostwo / Rollcallpix
Chris Cox , Republican candidate for Congress in New York , and his grandfather , President Richard M. Nixon .
Newscom/SipaPhotostwo/.gov
Rory Reid , Democratic candidate for Nevada Governor , and his father , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D ) .
Newscom / Rollcallpix
Former Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R - SC ) celebrates his 100th birthday with his son Paul ( second from right ) , a Republican candidate for Congress in South Carolina .
Newscom / UPI
Former Rep. Duncan Hunter Sr. , ( R - CA ) ( top ) was succeed by his son , Duncan Hunter , Jr. ( R ) ( below , far left ) , as the Representative for California ’s 52nd district
Newscom / Zunique / Zumawire
Former Sen. Paul Sarbanes ( D - MD ) ( left ) and his son , Rep. John Sarbanes ( D - MD )
Photo by Taylor Davidson
Former Gov. Frank Murkowski ( R - AK ) and his daughter , Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - AK )
Newscom / Rollcallpix
Former Sen. Wallace Bennett ( R - UT ) and his son , Sen. Bob Bennett ( R - UT ) .
.gov
Former Sen. Pete Domenici ( R - NM ) and his son Pete Dominici , Jr. , a Republican candidate for New Mexico Governor .
domeniciforgovernor.com
Fmr. Vice President Dan Quayle with his wife , Marilyn , and their son , Ben , a Republican candidate for Congress in Arizona .
Newscom / UPI
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - TX ) and his son Rand ( left ) , a Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in Kentucky .
cc : Gage_Skidmore
A Simple Clojure IRC Client
The other night I was toying with the following script , I was going to thrash it but figured it may help someone or me later on so I am dumping it here .
It does n't do anything other then to sit idle in a channel ,
( ns irc ( :import ( java.net Socket ) ( java.io PrintWriter InputStreamReader BufferedReader ) ) ) ( def freenode { : name " irc.freenode.net " : port 6667} ) ( def user { : name " Nurullah Akkaya " : nick " nakkaya " } ) ( declare conn-handler ) ( defn connect [ server ] ( let [ socket ( Socket . ( : name server ) ( : port server ) ) in ( BufferedReader .
( InputStreamReader . ( .getInputStream socket ) ) ) out ( PrintWriter . ( .getOutputStream socket ) ) conn ( ref { : in in : out out} ) ] ( doto ( Thread . # ( conn - handler conn ) ) ( . start ) ) conn ) ) ( defn write [ conn msg ] ( doto ( : out @conn ) ( . println ( str msg " \r " ) ) (. flush ) ) ) ( defn conn-handler [ conn ] ( while ( nil ? ( : exit @conn ) ) ( let [ msg ( .readLine ( : in @conn ) ) ] ( println msg ) ( cond ( re-find # " ^ERROR : Closing Link : " msg ) ( dosync ( alter conn merge { : exit true } ) ) ( re-find # " ^PING " msg ) ( write conn ( str " PONG " ( re-find # " :.*" msg ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defn login [ conn user ] ( write conn ( str " NICK " ( : nick user ) ) ) ( write conn ( str " USER " ( : nick user ) " 0 * : " ( : name user ) ) ) )
( def irc ( connect freenode ) ) ( login irc user ) ( write irc " JOIN # clojure " ) ( write irc " QUIT " )
Lots of this code should be self - explanatory , calling connect will open a socket to the server , it will return a ref containing a reader and a writer associated with the socket , it will also spawn a new thread that will handle incoming messages from the server .
conn - handler will keep reading and printing from the socket until exit key in the conn ref is set which happens when we receive a " Closing Link " message from the server , every once in a while server will ping us with " PING : randomstring " we need to reply " PONG : randomstring " else we get disconnected .
Thats all there is to it , as I said it does n't do anything but with a few regexes you can turn it in to client or a bot .
LASHKAR GAH , Afghanistan —
Six days into the battle for Marjah , the spin doctors in Kabul and Washington may be regretting all the advance hype .
With 15,000 combined Afghan , American and British forces arrayed against what was thought to be a handful of insurgents , victory had seemed assured .
But instead of “ breaking the back of the Taliban , ” Operation Moshtarak is bogged down in a hostile landscape full of mines , snipers and increasingly frustrated residents .
“ Since the foreign troops descended on Karoh Charahi , near our house , they have not been able to come up out of their trenches , ” said Sher Agha , a resident of Marjah .
“ The resistance of the Taliban has increased a lot since the beginning .
The foreign forces have not taken even 20 percent of Marjah . ”
The glowing press reports of the first days have become a bit more somber of late ; the latest release by the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) simply said that “ Combined forces have taken control of some key areas and efforts to control insurgent movement have been relatively successful . ”
The Taliban were far less reserved in their public statements .
Tariq Ghazniwal , another of the Taliban ’s self - styled spokesmen , issued an open invitation to journalists to come to Marjah and see for themselves what is going on .
“ Such a visit will … show who has the upper hand in the area , ” he said .
“ In fact , the invading forces have made no spectacular advances since the beginning of the operations .
They have descended from helicopters in limited areas of Marjah and are now under siege . ”
The governor of Helmand Gulab Mangal , after a visit to Marjah where he raised the Afghan flag over the district center , told journalists in Lashkar Gah that Operation Moshtarak was on track .
“ In the Loy Charahi area of Marjah the combined forces have advanced 3 kilometers [ 1.9 miles ] , ” he said .
“ We will keep the operation going until Marjah is clear of Al Qaeda and the enemies of Afghanistan . ”
He admitted that progress has been a bit disappointing .
“ There are two reasons for this , ” he said .
“ One , there are a lot of civilians around , so we are being careful .
Secondly , there are a lot of mines planted , and it slows us down .
But it does n’t mean that the Taliban are able to resist or that we cannot advance . ”
Afghan Army officials dismiss reports that the attackers are having difficulty .
“ There is no resistance in Marjah , ” said her Mohammad Zazai , commander of the 205th Atal Corps , which is taking part in the battle .
But casualties are starting to mount on both sides of the struggle , making Zazai ’s claims sound a bit hollow .
One U.S. Marine was killed and three wounded on Wednesday by sniper fire ; the Taliban have been deploying expert marksmen to deadly effect .
In all , the foreign forces have lost five soldiers ; the Afghan army has lost one .
Tallies for the insurgents are difficult to come by , but at least 27 have been reported killed ; some put the total as high as 100 .
The slow pace of the fighting has put a strain on the local population , holed up in their compounds and slowly starving .
They say they have not been able to leave their homes since Saturday , since foreign forces cannot distinguish between ordinary residents and the Taliban .
“ There are four families living in my house , ” said Kefayatullah , a resident of Marjah .
“ We slaughtered three sheep over the past week .
And now my children are crying for food .
We come out of our houses because of hunger and thirst .
But the foreign forces shoot us . ”
Ahmadullah , who has unruly black hair and a small black hat , has brought his father ’s body to the Bost Hospital in Lashkar Gah .
“ My father tried to go out and get some food for us , ” he said , his face dark with anger .
“ The foreigners shot him .
His dead body was in our house for two days because we could not get out to bury him .
We were afraid the foreigners would kill us , too .
They are savages .
Infidels will never treat us well . ”
Abdullah is now the elder of the family .
He is 12 .
This is not a strategy that will make the post - operation battle for hearts and minds any easier .
There have been at least 20 civilians killed since the beginning of the operation — 12 in the second day , when a rocket supposedly veered off track and hit the wrong compound in the Qari Saday area .
But the heartfelt regrets tendered by U.S. Commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal to the Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , failed to win over grieving relatives .
“ I will not rest until I have taken revenge on these infidels for my two sisters , ” said a man who identified himself as Jan Gul , whose family was in the compound that was hit .
“ They say that this is an Afghan - led operation .
But are Afghans this savage ?
They say that they are not using heavy weapons .
But then they drop bombs on us . ”
The use of HIMARs ( High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems ) was temporarily suspended after the 12 civilians were killed .
But the military resumed their use after Interior Minister Hanif Atmar told reporters in Helmand on Monday that the decision to hit the civilian compound had been taken consciously .
“ We made the decision to hit the [ fort ] but we did not know they had civilian hostages , ” he said .
He insisted that two insurgents were also killed in the attack .
Even McChrystal , speaking at the same press conference , backtracked a bit from his earlier apology .
“ We are really sorry about the loss of life , but the enemy was using these people as shields .
That is why they died , ” he said .
With the operation limping along , the people of Helmand are puzzled and angry .
Most cannot understand why the U.S. forces gave the Taliban so much advance notice of the fight — going so far as to drop leaflets warning of the upcoming attack .
The thousands of explosive devices that are now retarding military progress and claiming civilian lives are a direct result of the long lead - in to the battle , they say .
“ If the foreign forces had not shouted ‘ We are coming !
We are coming !’ the Taliban would not have planted so many mines , ” said Delawar Khan , a military analyst in Helmand .
“ Now the Taliban are taking credit , saying ‘ We are so brave and strong that we have managed to tie down 15,000 soldiers . ' ”
Few doubt that the combined forces will ultimately triumph ; there are just too many of them against too few Taliban .
But every day that the operation drags on is a defeat of sorts in the eyes of many Afghans .
“ We cannot understand why the foreigners are not making more progress , ” said Abdul Hai , a Marjah resident who lives near the Mullah Dost Mohd Charahi area .
“ On this sixth day they did not advance at all .
They even retreated in some places .
But the Taliban are not resisting very fiercely .
They cannot . ”
Still , the insurgents are holding out a lot longer than most people had thought they would .
Baryalai Rahmani , a journalist and analyst in Helmand , explains that the local Taliban are being reinforced from across the border .
“ At the beginning there was not much resistance , ” he said .
“ They were all local Taliban .
But after a few days new fighters started coming in from Pakistan . ”
Daoud Ahmady , spokesman for the Helmand governor , acknowledged that this was a problem .
“ We are working on a plan to block the border , ” he said .
Not all the wrath is directed at the foreign and government forces , of course .
Many blame the Taliban for the destruction that has been brought upon them .
“ My son stepped on a mine , ” said Sher Mohammad , a resident of Marjah .
“ I had to collect his body myself .
The Taliban had planted the mine right in front of our house .
They are not Muslim .
I want them to be humiliated . ”
The question of belief has always been a source of confusion for me .
Most of my life I have been torn between a deep longing for certainty and an equally deep skepticism .
At times the ability to convince myself of vast , unprovable notions was kind of soothing , but the relief was usually short - lived .
The truce with pessimism - bordering - on - nihilism was a very tenuous one .
My outer life mirrored this conflict as I went from one extreme to another — sometimes aspiring to mystical otherworldliness and other times living in the nightlife music world not far removed from the criminal .
I did my best to cultivate belief but could only come up with what Alan Watts once called a “ belief in belief . ”
The real thing remained elusive .
Brief glimpses of beautiful , inspirational meaning would slowly fade into boredom or sorrow at the state of the world — and even cynicism .
It came as a great shock to discover that my real spiritual problem was not a product of the world ’s condition , but of my own self - centeredness .
I caused hurt and sorrow to those closest to me by living my life with my own gratification as the guiding principle .
The old cliche that experience is the best teacher proved itself to me with a vengeance .
For some of us , it seems , experience is the only teacher .
I had to learn the hard way .
I went through a few years of just getting lost and more lost .
The drugs , the sex , the alcohol :
It sounds like a lot of fun — that is , if you do n’t figure in the remorseful hangovers , the depression or the loneliness that is both the cause and the effect of the whole vicious circle .
I went far enough down to have to either change or die .
I basically managed to break my own heart .
But people are capable of learning , and learning that I had no wisdom on my own finally opened the way for me to learn from those who did .
I was given a second chance .
I found that what I once considered empty platitudes are actually descriptions of fact .
Jesus said , “ It is better to give than to receive . ” I now know that to be the case , not by faith but by experience .
I finally discovered the beautiful , paradoxical truth that genuine concern for the welfare of others is the gateway to the only real satisfaction for myself .
I cannot claim to consistently live up to this ideal , but it is with genuine gratitude that I can say I have come to believe the words of the Indian philosopher - poet Shantideva :
“ All the joy the world contains
Has come through wishing happiness for others .
All the misery the world contains
Has come through wanting pleasure for oneself . ”
Jimmie Dale Gilmore counts honky - tonk country , early rock , and shape note singing among his musical influences .
Raised in Lubbock , Tx. , he studied metaphysics at ashram , and now lives in Austin .
Gilmore ’s discography includes seven solo albums .
Independently produced for NPR by Jay Allison and Dan Gediman with Emily Botein , John Gregory and Viki Merrick .
Donate
If you enjoyed this essay , please consider making a tax - deductible contribution to This I Believe , Inc .
Itâ€™s not just Madonna appearing the H&M campaign .
There are 17 other members of her staff in the group shot â€ “ all clad in outfits from the Swedish retailor .
The campaign will debut in magazines in August ( in the Sepetember issues ) and will run until October when H&M will then switch to promoting their collaboration with Viktor & Rolf .
And apparently Madonna has renamed Lindsay Lohan , giving her the name Rose .
Because Lindsay deserves her own name due to her in involvement in Kabbalah name .
